1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have been engraved, twelve are ready for engrav-
ing, and there is quite a long list here of charts to
be replotted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
doubt about that. The Government sent out its
officers, and had these surveys made. They are
of vast importance to the commerce of the coun-
try, from which all the revenue of the country is
derived; and certainly there is no duty more in-
cumbent upon Congress than the duty of pub-
lishing these charts. I feel no persona) interest
about this matter; but I think it should be acted
on. We have gone to very great expense in
having these surveys made, and no wit only awaits
this small appropriation to have these charts pub-
lished.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have only to say that if
we allow these things to be thrown in on the last
days of the session, if we allow the Senate to in-
cumber us with them, there is, as a matter of
course, an end of the ordinary legislation of
the House. The committee may do as it pleases
about it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This is a
matter that has not been spiung upon the House.
It was introduced here, and went to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, where it received a full and
thorough examination; and I was directed by that
committee to move it as an amendment to this bill
when it came before the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I now withdraw my
amendment,
Mr. QUARLES. I move to amend by reducing
the appropriation to one dollar. I do hope that
this Government will not launch any further into
this public printing business. If you pass this
appropriation, no one can tell where it will end.
At the next session of Congress an additional
appropriation will be asked for the same thing;
and we will he told that it is just to complete what
has been already commenced. The argument will
be then, that, if we do not make it, this appropria-
tion of $9,000 will have been thrown away; just
as we are told now, that unless we make this ap-
propriation, our expenditure on this survey will
nave been thrown away. This system of pub-
lishing books by the General Government of the
United States is, in my opinion, entirely wrong.
The Government might as well have a farm as
have a book-publishing concern. It might as well
go into any other department of industry—keep
a grocery, or anything else. All these things are
jobs got up by particular parties around this Cap-
itol. I do hope that the recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means will be adopted,
and that the Senate amendment will be non-con-
curred in.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I differ en-
tirely with the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
CluAULEs.] I believe it is the duty of this
Government to aid commerce in the manner in
which it has been aided by this expedition to the
coasts of Japan and China. When we send out
expensive expeditions, with the assent of Con-
gress, and under the supervision of the proper
department of the Government, and when import-
ant discoveries are made, I hold that these discov-
eries should be made known to the world. They
are expeditions made in the interest of commerce,
and for the benefit, not only of ourselves, but of
the whole world; and I conceive it to be a mean
and ignoble policy, behind the age, when we have
made such large expenditures for such a useful pur-
pose as that, to conceal the results from the world.
The American people will never approbate such
a narrow-minded policy. We have been the pi-
oneers in opening commercial relations with some
of the most distant parts of the world. We have
recently opened the long-closed Empire of Japan,
and have entered into active commercial inter-
course with China. Are we to conceal all the
results of our enterprise and explorations from
the world ? ^ It would be mean and ignoble in such
a great nation to do so; and I,therefore do trust
that, as we sent out this expedition and made dis-
coveries most important to commerce, we will not
hesitate to make them known to the world.
Mr. BURCH. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I will occupy the bal-
ance of his time. It seems to me that the gentle-
man from Tennessee has adduced no good argu-
ment why this appropriation should not be made.
He says that we are now appropriating $5,000 for
the preservation of a certain work. The gentle-
man does not seem to know that, unless these
charts arc published and given to the world, so
that saalors navigating the seas may be governed
by them, the whole expenditure heretofore made
is entirely lost and without avail to the Govern-
ment. I understand that recently, in conscquence
of the non-publicauon of thesecharts,several ves-
sels hive been wrecked on the Pacific. It is but
a small appropriation; and it certainly is not for
the purpose of preserving a work, but for the pur-
pose of giving to the whole commercial world a
knowledge of these surveys.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman if charts keep vessels from being
wrecked ?
Mr. BURCH. If the gentleman knows any-
thing about navigation, he knows that charts in-
form navigators where reefs of rock are to be
found, and enable them to avoid them.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
cuned in.
Fifth amendment:
For the removal of the naval monument from the west
front ot'lhp Capitol to the grounds of the Naval Acaiemy,
at Annapolis, $1,500.
Mr. BONHAM. I move to increase the appro-
priation $500. My object is simply to bring to
the notice of the House what 1 did not know
until a day or two since, and what the House
may not be a ware of, that that monument does
not belong to the Government. It belongs to the
Navy; and all that they ask is a little assistance
to remove it. I think we might very woJI afford
to give them $1,500.
Mr. MAYNARD. From what quarter does
this application come?
Mr. BONHAM. It comes from the Navy.
Mr. MAYNARD. And those interested in the
monument desire its removal?
Mr. BONHAM. They desire to remove it. I
now withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I move"to in-
crease the amount §,100. I do not know from
what quarter this application comes.
Mr. BONHAM. I will inform the gentleman.
Captain Ingraham, who is the head of some de-
partment hero. 
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, i was going
on to say that it had always occurred to me that
that monument on the west side of the Capitol
wasnosortof improvement to the publicgrounds.
You have the monument in a pond of water with
a few fish; and it seems to me, certainty, that it
would be much better to remove it to the naval
school. 1 think it would be much more in keep-
ing with the character of the monument itself to
place it at Annapolis, than to have it here at the
seat of Government. It certainly cannot be con-
sidered, by any gentleman who "has proper taste
on the subject, any improvement of the public
grounds in its present location, right in the midst
of the water. I hope, therefore, the amendment
of the Senate will prevail.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think myself that
a naval monument in the water is peculiarly ap-
propriate. I think that a monument which com-
memorates the illustrious and gallant deeds of the
sailor ought to have its base laid in and washed
by the ocean waves. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I consider the monument itself a beau-
tiful piece of architecture. It commemorates, cer-
tainly, one of the most brilliant achievements of
our naval history. Where it is the world sees it;
civilians can look upon it; and they do see it, and
pause to admire, not only tho fish, but the mon-
ument, and the event which it commemorates.
Sir, carry it to Annapolis—that out-of-the-way
place, which is more known to history than to the
living generation—and who will see it there? I
know that there is a naval school there, and one
person fiom each congressional district gets theie
now and then; but who will see it? Not one in
fifty thousand uf the American people will see it;
not one in fifty thousand will have the gratifica-
tion of looking upon that beautiful piece of work-
manship; not one in fifty thousand will have their
reminiscences freshened of that illustrious act. 1
think, therefore, that the monument had better
remain where it is; and that we had better save
this little modicum of $1,500, trifle as it is, in the
reckless squandering of the public treasure which
illustrates the action of this House. I am op-
posed, therefore, to this appropriation, and op-
posed to any disturbance of that monument. It
has been so long there that it has become, as it
were, a part and parcel of the Capitol itself,
Mr. BONHAM. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman what right the Government has to that
monument, except from the fact that they own
the land on which itstands? It was built by the
Navy and belongs to the Navy. If the gentleman
from Virginia wants it to be surrounded by the
sea or by water, let it be sent to Annapolis, or to
some other place, where it may have such sur-
roundings. At any rate, let us take it from the
pond where it is placed. For myself, I would be
willing to appropriate $1,500 to .have it taken
away, no matter where it was taken to.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, de gusti-
bus non dispwtandum. I prefer to have it remain.
The gentleman says that the Navy built it, and
that it belongs to the Navy. Sir, the time was
when the Navy belonged to the Government,
thouglr I believe that of late the relations have
been reversed. The Government seems to belong
to the Navy, and the Army, and to the specula-
tors about the Capitol; for generally none of them
come here who do not feather their nests, sooner
or later, at the Government expense.
[Here the hammer foil.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Sixth amendment:
Add at the end of the bill as follows:
Sec. «i. Jind be U farther enacted^ That pursers in tl 8
Navy of the United States shall hereafter he styled " pay-
master*,and that all the laws and regulations applying to
them as pursers, and all the responsibilities and obligations
attaching to them as such, shall remain in lull force, and
continue to apply to them under the title of " paymasters."
The Committee of Ways and Moans recom-
mended a concurrence in the amendment, with the
following amendment:
At the end of said amendment add as follows t
And that the payments heietofore made to pursers' clerks
at the navy-yards of Charlestown, New York, and Not folk,
under appioprfations made by Congress, at the rate of $750
per annum, are hereby confirmed, and that the pay of pur-
sers' cleiks at these navy-yaids shall be continued at the
rate of jk750 per annum.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment proposed by the Committee of
Ways and Means is not germane to the amend-
ment of the Senate, and is a change in the exist-
ing law in relation to pursers' clerks. It is there-
fore, under the rules of the House, out of order
to an appropriation bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope my friend from North
Carolina will not insist upon his point of order.
It is really one of the most just and righteous
propositions that was ever presented m this House.
1 hope it will not be defeated upon a point of
order.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, sir, if this is so just a
claim, it is wonderful that it has slept for the wholo
session, and should now come here in the last
hours of the session on an appropriation bill, when
there can be no opportunity of debate or consid-
eration.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 will suggest that this
amendment was referred to the Qommittee of the
Whole by the House, and cannot therefore bo
ruled out upon a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, the
amendment having been offered in the House, and
referred by the House to this committee, the Chair
therefore decides that the question of order is not
well taken.
Mr. BRANCH. Do I understand that this
amendment was offered in the House?
The CHAIRMAN. It was reported to the
House by the Committee gf Ways and Means,
with the bill, and both referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BRANCH. If that be the fact, of course
my point of order "is not well taken. All I have
to say is, that it is a very unusual mode of pro-
ceeding.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to allow mc to say that it is a
somewhat unusual course of proceeding; and I
would never have consented to it but for the fact
that it is a case of very peculiar hardship. The
law allows the pursers' clerks in these three navy-
yards only $500 a year, By a mistake of the dis-
