THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
cediwg from thefposition it has taken, and reced-
ing at the same time so as to do injury to inno-
•cent parties, who have advanced the money on
the foith of the Senate's resolution, and in doing
so intended to do a service to Mrs. Linn. I, for
one, therefore, whatever might have been my
course on the original resolution, cannotgive my
consent to receding from this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. ItTstrikes me that we are argu-
ing the question at a point at which it is unne-
cessary ioeonsider itso broactlyon its merits. If
this money is to be paid out of the contingent
fund of the Senate, whenever the Senate has a
contingent fund it will be liable to that draft; and
if we wish to reconsider the resolution upon its
merits, it would seem to me more appropriate that
it should be done on amotion to reconsider or to
repeal it. it is not necessary to obstruct an ap-
propriation bill by a question as to this item, be-
cause, if the Senate choose*to pay it, they can pay
it out of their contingent fund whenever they
have one. If they choose to repeal the resolution,
they can do it at any time, independent of this
item in the appropriation act.
Having said this much, I wish to add merely
that I think it is a misapplication of terms to talk
about conscience in this matter. There is no con-
science in a man's sa)ary; it is a mere question of
law.- He cannot increase the salary, and every-
body would write him a fool if he wore to at-
tempt to reduce his own salary. The whole ques-
tion is, what does the law give? Up to 1845, I :
believe, the question had nevei* been raised as to
whether a Senator was entitled to mileage for at-
tending an extra session without actually per-
forming the travel to and from his home. It was
then decided that the travel was not necessary.
The question was revived at a subsequent period
and fully discussed. Mr. Benton, with his thor-
ough knowledge, had at first decided not to receive
the mileage, but he reviewed the question and
gave his opinion that it was due under the law,
and at a subsequent period drew for two sessions
at the same time. Mr. Calhoun, whose purity
was never questioned, whose discrimination was
always admitted, said, that under the law, it was
a claim—that it was a payment not to be made
by the number of miles traveled, but a payment
to be made for separation from one's home and
business; that it was an allowance of the law, and
he therefore took it as a legal portion of his sal-
ary—a portion of his salary fixed by law* If
that decision had been made in the lifetime of Dr.
Linn, no doubt he would have received it; or if
he did not receive it then, it would have .stood as
so much money, to which he remained n creditor,
on the books of the Treasury. I may say, in
relation to myself, that 1 once postponed receiving
such an allowance, and was informed that it would
stand to my credit there until I drew it; and it
was subsequently sent to mo by a friend.
The only difference, then, between the case of
Dr. Linn and that of those subsequent to the de-
cision, is, that at the time at which the claim was
made, it had not been decided to be a part of a
Senator's salary or allowance, and that it was
subsequently decided under the law to be his.
Then, whethei we shall go back to a period an-
terior to the decision, and admit that it was due
under the law and is to bo paid hereafter—for if
it is to be paid in one case, it will in another—or,
if it he argued that because we have made the
allowance, and made it indiscreetly, it is to stand,
let it come up on that question single and alone;
let the merit of the resolution be discussed as a
distinct proposition in relation to money to be
drawn from the contingent fund of the Senate.
With these views, 1 shall vote to recede.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I wish to re-
cord my vote against the paymgof tins money, and
must therefore ask for the yeas and nays on this
motion to recede, and concur with the House in
its action on this amendment* I must confess,
although I have been here long enough .not to be
easily astonished, that I am astonished at the
claim made that this money ought to be paid. It
is shown conclusively, as it seems to me, that the
vote appropriating this money was passed under (
a clear mistake—-nobody doubts it; and now the '
question is whether, to maintain our consistency,
we shall persist in an error, lest somebody should
say we are inconsistent. Sir, I put the question
the other way. 1 voted for this appropriation on
a state of facts which justified the vote, and I
should be willing to persist in my vote, and so
be consistent,'if the facts remained unchanged,
but I am not willing to vote this same amount of
money on a different state of facts, for in so doing
I should be inconsistent.
I know it is claimed that this is to be paid to a
widow, and it is said that she has received the
money through a third person, who has paid it
on the faith of this vote of the Senate; but that
individual, as I understand, has advanced it on a
draft payable when the money is received through
the action of Congress. I trust the individual who
holds that draft understood, at the time he took it,
that such a draft might not be payable till a very
long time after date. I am perfectly willing to
take the responsibility, if there be any responsi-
bility in it, of voting against the payment of this
money, even although it would go to a widow if
it were paid. Under the construction of the law
in 1845, which gave to Senators constructive mile-
age for that session, some Senators declined to
receive it, because they believed that it was not
by law justly due to them. A Senator from my
own State was one of that number. He declined
to receive it, and never received^itduring-his life.
He is now dead. He has left a widow, who is
by no means wealthy in her pecuniary circum-
stances; but she, in respect to the memory of her
husband, not willing to draw money which had
been appropriated to him, but winch he during
his life did not consider to be his, has neverasked
for it, and I believe never will. I am quite willing,
certainly, to vote to this widow the money which
belonged to her under the construction of the law
in 1845; but to go back beyond that, and pay her
money which did not belong to her husband dur-
ing his life; which did not belong to any Senator
who sat with him and rendered the same service
in the same body, and by no construction of law,
however loose, has over been held to belong to
him or them, would be to me such an outrage on
propiiety and justice as I am not prepared for.
I wish to record my vote against it. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I wish to say
that i shall vote to recede, because I do not think it
i« worth while to stop this appropriation bill with
reference to this question. It is too small a mat-
ter to hang up an appropriation bill, or send it
to a conference between the Houses upon. 1 am
struck, on looking at the onginahcsolution, with
the fcii.t that every safeguard required by the rules
of tiie Senate was disregarded in the passage of
the resolution. Our rules require every resolution
appropriating money out of the contingent fund
to be read three times. This seems to have been
read three times, by unanimous consent, at once.
We have required • that every fOich resolution
paying money out of our contingent fund, or
making a charge upon it, shall go to a committee
specially appointed. This resolution never went
to a committee. That seems to have been dis-
pensed with. I confess that, but for the fact that
third persona are involved,,! would propose my-
self, if no other Senator did, to rescind the reso-
lution; but, at present, our Secretary will have to
pay it the moment he gets money in the contin-
gent fund, whether this appropriation passes or
not. I think we had better recede from our amend-
ment, which is disagreeable to the House, and re-
fer the whole subject to the Committee to Audit
arid Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate; let them look into it, and if we find that we
must make an exception in this case, on account
of the rightsofthird parties,Ictus do itknowingly,
and with a proviso that it shall not be taken as a
precedent for other eases.
Mr. DAVIS. I rose at the same time with the
Senator from Ohio; but he has said a portion of
what I intended to say, and therefore 1 shall not
repeat it. I wish, however, to exclude a conclu-
sion which is to be drawn from the remarks of
the Senator from Connecticut arid his vote. He
says that, by voting to recede, he declares his op-
position to the payment of the money. I shall
vote to recede; but not for that reason. 1 do not
know what conclusion I may reach in relation to
the propriety of paying the money; at least I do
not propose now to decide that question. I vote
to recede in order that I may not stop an appropri-
ation bill on an item which is not necessarily in it.
If the Senate shall not rescind this resolution, the
money will be payable out of the contingent fund
of the Senate. There is a point, too, in the Sen-
ator's argument, in regard to which I think he is
in error; and that is, in supposing that there had
been legislation in 1845 which changed the state
of the case. I think it was only that the ques-
tion was raised and the decision then made.
Mr. FOSTER. I so understood it—a decision
of the Vicc President for that year only.
Mr. DAVIS. But the law was not changed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bingham, Brag<j,
Bright, Chesnnt, Clark, Collamer, Davis, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Fitz^patrick, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hemphill, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Mason, Nicholson, Pearee,Powell, Pugh,llice, Sebastian,
Shdell, Sumner, Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, Wigfall, Wil-
son, and Yulee—37.
RAYS—Messrs. Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Ciitten-
den, Green, Gwin, Hale, and Polk—8.
So it was resolved that the Senate recede from
its fourth amendment.
The PRESID1NGOFFICER. The next ques-
tion is on receding from the eighth amendment
of the Senate, in which the House non-concurred.
That amendment is to strike out the following
clause of the bill:
To pay George D. Durham for twenty-two months' ser-
vice as clerk in the office of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, the sum of $2,566 52.
The motion to recede was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is now
disposed of.
Mr. PUGH. I move now to rescind the res-
olution directing the payment of money to Mrs.
Linn, and that that motion be referred to the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate. I want to give thepi an op-
portunity to examine the question and advise us
what should be done.
Mr. GREEN. I object to it until it is reduced
to writing.
Mr. PUGH. It would be a simple resolution;
and it would have to lie over if one objection were
made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest the propriety of putting it in the form of
a resolution. When a matter is to be referred to
a committee, it had better bo put in that form.
Mr. PUGH subsequently reduced his resolu-
tion to writing, as follows, and intimated that he
would call it up to-morrow:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Sen.ite, passed March
20, 1860, directing the Secretary of the Senate to pav, out
ot the contingent fund, to Mrs.E. A. Linn, widow of*Hon.
Lewis F. Lum, late a Senator ot the United States from the
^tate of Minolta, the amount for mileage at the special ses-
sions of 18H7 and 1841 not received by the deceased, be, and
the sanie is hereby, rescinded.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution, in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. U95) for the relief of Asenath M.
Elliott, widow of Captain Edward G. Elliott; and
A joint resolution (.No. 29) directory to the Sec-
reteuy of War, respecting certain surveys in Ten-
nessee and Kentucky.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. 11. No. 44) confirming certain land
entries under the thiid section of the act of 3d
March, 1855,entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the service of thePost Office Department
during the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1856,"
with an amendment, in which the concurrence of
tiie Senate was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following joint resolutions of the
Senate:
A joint resolution (No. 6) authorizinglhe en-
largementof, and construction of a branch of3 the
Louisville and Portland canal; and
A joint resolution (No. 28) for the relief of A.
M. Fridley, late agent of the Winnebago Indians.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 416) to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain, and for other purposes, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
