1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
3329
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
flic* V"!<•<-> Pi'/Jtulpnt'
A bill (S. No. 58) for the relief of George B.
Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war
Portsmouth;
A bill (S. No. 245) for the relief of Sweeny,
Rittcnhouse, Fant&Co.;
A bill (S. No. 74) for the relief of Edward N.
a Kent;
A bill (S. No. 62) to amend the "Act to in-
corporate the Provident Association of Clerks in
the Civil Departments of the Government of the
United States, in the District of Columbia;"
A bill (S. No. 60) for the relief of Mrs. Ann
Scott; and
A bill (S. No. 59) for the relief of Samuel A.
West, George McCullough, Hiram McCullough,
and Charles Pendergast.
PACIFIC MAILS.
Mr. YULEE. A week or two ago a report
was received from the Postmaster General, in re-
ply to a resolution of the Senate, communicating
copies of the contracts with Daniel H. Johnson
and Cornelius Vanderbilt, for transporting the
mails between New York, New Orleans, and San
Francisco, via the Isthmus, together with the cor-
respondence relating thereto. I supposed that an
order to print it had been made at the time. I
find that thali, was not the case, but if still remains
upon the table. It is very desirable that it should
be printed without delay. I move, therefore, and
if there be no objection from the Committee on
Printing I hope I shall have the unanimous con-
sen t.of the Senate, that it be ordered to be printed
without a reference to that committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made if there be no objection interposed,
it requiring the unanimous consent of the Senate.
The Chair hears no objection, and the order is
made.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CHANDLER presented two petitions of
citizens of Michigan, praying the establishment
of a mail route from I#les to Waterville, in that
State which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented a petition of citi-
zens of Houston, Texas, praying that that city
may be made a port of entry; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HALE presented an additional paper in
support of the claim of Hockaday & Liggitt
for damages resulting from the reduction of their
compensation for carrying the mail; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the memorial of
William C. Barney and others, praying the es-
tablishment of aline of mail steamships between
New Orleans, Havana, Bermuda, Fayal, San-
tander, and Bordeaux; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Ko also presented the memorial of Logan Hun-
ton, late United States attorney for the eastern
district of Louisiana, praying compensation for
prosecuting suits against Narcisso Lopez, John
Henderson, and others, for violations of the neu-
trality laws; which waft referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. IVERSON presented a petition of the cit-
izens of the county of Tattnall, in the^Statc of
Georgia, praying the establishment of a tri -weekI y
mail from Reidsville, h\ the county of Tattnall,
to Johnson's Station, in the county of Mcintosh;
which was referred to'the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Reids-
ville, Tattnall county, Georgia, praying the es-
tablishment of a tri-wcekly mail from Reidsville,
/ia Union, to Johnson's Sfaiion, in the county of
Mcintosh, and the establishment of a post office
at Union; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, Thattlie petition of Fannie Tyler, on the files of
the Senate, he referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That leave lie gianted to withdraw the petition
of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Miller from the files of the
Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. THOMSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 36) for the restoration of Lieu-
tenant Augustus S. Baldwin to the active list from
the leave-of-absence list of the N.avy; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
460) making a grant of lands in alternate sections
to the State of California to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads therein; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 461) for
the relief of John S. Waite, late deputy postmas-
ter at Los Angeles, California; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
JONAS P. LEVY.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations have directed me to report a resolution,
supplementary to the resolutions already adopted
by the Senate in the matter of the claim of Jonas
P. Levy. I present the resolution, and ask for
its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be, and it hereby is,
authorized to call foi original or authenticated copies of any
documents which may be deemed by the, parties nocessary
to the proper adjudication of the claim of Jonas P. Levy,
rcfened by previous oiderof the Senate, at its present ses-
sion, to the Court of Claims foroxamiuation and decision :
Provided, The communication of the said document.?, or
authenticated copies theicof, may not be incompatible with
the public interests.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the
£etition of the president and secretary of the
>ubuque and Pacific Railroad Company, praying
that the company may not be divested of the title
to lands upon which persons have settled, and
compelled to take other lands in lieu of them, re-
ported in favor of printing the usual number; and
the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the report of the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, the correspondence be-
tween the Indian office and the present superin-
tendents and agents in California and J. Ross
Browne, Esq.-, together with the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, inclosing the
same to the Department, reported in favor of
punting the usual number; and the report was
agreed to.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to whom was referred the hill (S. No. 448)
to carry into effect provisions of the treaties be-
tween the United States, China, Japan, Siam,%
Persia, and other countries, giving certain judi-
cial powers to ministers and consuls, or other
functionaries of the United States in those coun-
tries, and for other purposes, together with a let-
ter of the Secretary of State in relation to the
modification of the act entitled "An act to carry
into effect certain provisions in the treaties be-
tween the United States and China, and the Otto-
man Porte, giving certain judicial powers to min-
isters and consuls of the United States m those
countries," approved August 11, 1848, which ac-
companied the bill, have had the same under con-
sideration. The committee are of opinion that
the subject of this legislation is more appropriate,
and, indeed, only appropriate, to the Committee
on the Judiciary. I am instructed, therefore, to
ask that the Committee on Foreign Relations be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
It was so ordered.
Mf. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the papers in rela-
tion to the claim of Herman D. Stratton, a soldier
in the late war with Mexico, praying a pension
on account of a disability incurred in the line of
his duty, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 462) for the relief of Herman D.
Stratton. The bill was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and the" report '•was .ordered to,.'be
printed. 4 '
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bill and joint resolution fcortt the
House of Representatives were- severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as' indicated.
below:
A bill (No. 695) for the relief of Asenath Elli-
ott, widow of Captain Edward G-. Elliott—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia. '
A joint resolution (No. 29) directory to the
Secretary of War, respecting certain surveys in
Tennessee and Kentucky—to the Committee oil
Public Lands.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the Committee
on Finance, to whom was referred the action of
the House of Representatives upon the Senate
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 4) making'
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1861, have directed me to make
a report. This bill passed the House, came to
the Senate, and twelve amendments were made to
it. The House has concurred in five and non-
concurred in seven of these amendments. The
committee direct me to recommend to the Senate
to insist upon all its amendments; and if the
Senate shall so decide, I shall ask for a committee
of conference. I nowmove that the Senate insist
on its amend mens non-conourred in by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I now move that the Senate
ask for a conference with the House of Represent-
atives on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and that the President of the Senate appoint the
committee on the part of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE ER03I THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 299)
to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy of
the United States, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the bill and amend-
ment were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
RELATIONS OF THE STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Davis on the 1st of
March, relative to State rights; the institution of
slavery in the States; the rights of citizens of the
several States in the Territories of the United
States, and the duty of the Federal Government
to protect those rights; the powers of the Terri-
torial Legislatures over the subject of slavery, and
the duty of the several States to observe and re-
spect the fugitive slave law, &.C.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I intended, when
I rose yesterday, to say but very few words; and
I should not have troublcd-the Senate at all this
morning, were it not that, on one or two statements
which I made, not having the documents before
me, I was corrected by my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Piroii,j and also from Oiegon, [Mr. Lane;] and,
having a desire to look to the original documents
to see whether the information which I got was
exactly as the gentlemen giving it to me supposed
it was, T was willing that the Senate might ad-
journ. Since then, I have been to the trouble of
looking to the original documents. I desire to tell
the Senator from Ohio, in the first place, that he
is mistaken. He corrected me by saying that the
Indiana people, when they petitioned to Congress,
did not petition for the privilege of having slaves,
but simply for the purpose of importing, or, to
use hisown phrase, bringing them in. I have the
document here, as it was originally printed by-
Congress; and 1 desire to read a portion of thpir
petition to show what they did ask for:
CiTo the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled :
"The memorial and petition of the inhabitants of the
Indiana Territory respectfully showeth
•**■■********
" The sixth article of compact between the United States
and the people of the Tenitory, which dedaies there shall
be neither slavery nor involuntary ^eivitude m it, has pie-
vented the country from populating, and has been the rea-
son of driving many valuable citizens possessing slaves to
the Spanish side of the Mississippi, most of" whom, but for
the piohibition contained in the ordinance, would have set-
