1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
Mr.SEWARD, to whom I have so often referred,
also fully indorses, not the compendium, but
Helper's original book. He says, and itappears
on the title page:
" I have read the Impending Crisis of the South with
deep attention. It seems to me a work of great merit;
rich, yet accurate, in statistical information, and logical in
analysis."
That note is signed " "William H. Seward."
Do not these evidences justly inspire distrust
and preclude us from being satisfied with any dis-
claimer of the Helper book by inference 7
Well, sir, being thus treated, the object of un-
remitting annoyance, our slaves run off, and our
soil invaded, the South does complain, and pro-
claim that if not allowed to enjoy her rights in
peace, she will seek her happiness and repose out-
side of that Union, which has become a source of an-
noyance and oppression. And how is she treated ?
With sympathy and kindness? No, sir; with all
the insolcnce of unbridled power, she is treated
in the most insulting and contemptuous manner.
Hear the New York Courier and Enquirer, an
organ of the Black Republican party, and espe-
cially of Mr. Seward:
" We have all become somewhat familiar with the bul-
lying and threatening of the South. For neaily half a cen-
tury, a mere handful of ignorant, reckless, and unpuncipled
men at the South, have, by bullying and threatening, gov-
erned the millions of educated and intelligent men at the
North; simply because they arc men of peace, and busily
engaged in moral and industiial pursuits, which do not en
courage or foster restlessness and excitement. They have
submitted to be thus governed, so long as no great principle
was involved, and no sacrifice of honor and national char-
acter was demanded of them by their acquiescence. In
1820, however, this bullying and threatening became offen-
sive, because it demanded the extension of slavery mto the
great and free Northwest; and then the men of the North
roused themselves for a moment, and indignantly Inn ling
defiance at the bullies who presumed upon their forbearance,
demanded a guarantee of better behavior for the future.
This was conceded; and the gieat Missouri eompiomise
followed. Then, again, the gieat Noith, knowing alike its
moral and physical strength, returned like a leficshrd giant
to its repose, and to the piaetieing of those industrial pur-
suits wherein consist its happiness and pio&pent}'.
" But after thirty years of pcaee and quiet, and when the
generation of men who had quailed before northern indig-
nation in 1820 had passed away, a race of TAUipufimui
arose in the South, who foolishly imagined that because
they had never heard the roar of the lion or seen him shake
his mane, andbru^h away the inscct tribes which occasion-
ally annoy him, he was no longer to be feared. They saw
the whole Noith, year after year, submitting to be bullied
and governed by a mere handful of southern adventurer*;
and emboldened by the repose of the people, conscious of
their strength, but loth to employ it, they finally ventmod to
lay hands upon and violate the gieat cMnpromi^e ot 1S-20,
accompanied with threats of a dissolution of the Union.
Then the men of flic North awaked from their slumbeis.
and hurling back defiance, and ti eating with scorn and con-
tempt their cowardly threats of disunion, told these leek-
lcss and dishonored tricksteis, that, not only should the
principles of the Missouri compromise be restored and
enforced, that, if need be, the State or States which ven-
tured to tiiflo with iheir allegiance to the Constitution and
the Union should be whipped mto obedience, just as a sulky,
or insolent, or unruly school-boy is made to feel that, when
necessaiy, the birch will compel a prompt, it'not a willing,
dischaige of ail liisdutie3. That le^on has been very fairly
inculcated; and the South now understand that if any por-
tion of this great Confedciacy, whether it be the Ea^t or
the West, the North or the South, attempt? to withdraw
from the Union, it will be promptly v hipped—ay. u hipped
into subjection. H is all idle to mince the matter. The fiat
lias gone forth and will be enforced, lrt Washington, Oregon,
and California, at the northwest, or Maine. New llampshue,
and Massachusetts, at the northeast, or the agiieuUuial
States of the North and center, or the slaves States of the
South and Southwest—let any of them, or any combina-
tion of them, raise the banner of rebellion against the
American Union—we care not what their pi etense for trea-
son—as certainly as there is a God above, so certain is it
that the offending States will be whipped into obedience,
and the traitors who encouraged rebellion terminate their
career on the gallows.
" The North, the center, and the West—the gieat heart
and most efficient limbs of the Confederacy—are all true to
the Union and the Constitution; and should disunion raise
its head at the South, John Brown has taught the world
how much opposition fi om that quartet is really worth. If
seventeen ianatics,led on by a madman, could hold in sub-
jection a town containing two thousand Virginians, and
keep at bay whole legiments of Virginia militia, who, even
under the eye of then Governor, dared not attack their in-
vaders, but stood by and saw twelve United States marines
make the attack and capture in ten minutes, what would
these Kimc boastful soldiers do when contiontcd by north-
ern valor, handed together under the Constitution, and beat-
ing aloft the banner of the Union ? Whv, our seventh regi-
ment alone, in such a cause—the cause of the Union and
the Constitution—aided, as it would be, by the good men of
the slave States, would promptly overrun cveiy rebellious
State of the South, and compel them to return to their al-
legiance.
Such are the convictions, and such the feelings, of the
Nortn.''
If that be the sentiment of the North, then, of
course, there will be no difficulty in determining
our future condition. Wc are to be whipped, as
a school-boy, into duty. "We are to be trampled
under foot. We are to be forced by the seventh
regiment into an observance of our constitutional
duties. Sir, when the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hickman] talked the other day about
eighteen millions against eight, it was very sig-
nificant; it was an echo of tha^article. Another
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steyens] also
spoke of our repeated threats to dissolve the
Union, and of his having heard it over fifty times.
I did not expect this from him; his history should
surely have kept him silent. He sneered at the
intimation embodied in the remarks of some of
our friends on this occasion. It is true, sir, that,
under the pressure of the wrongs and injustice
that wc have suffered, as illustrated in the history,
brief and condensed, to which I have referred,
wc have been provoked into many a declaration
of hostility to the Union. But, sir, it was Faneuil
Hall meetings, and other such gatherings at the
North, that soothed our irritated feelings and pre-
served our love for the Union still in strength and
vigor. It was her appeal in 1835; it was her ap-
peal in 1850; it was the various appeals that have
been made on these irritating occasions, that we
yielded to, in the absence of any actual and imme-
diate grievance, and in the generosity and kind-
ness of our own nature. But we are reproached
for it now. A gentleman, who ought to have been
hushed on this subject, dared to sneer at the rep-
etition of similar declarations. But yettherchad
not been an actual invasion of a sovereign State.
There had not been this development of the irre-
pressible conflict. There had not been such an ac-
cumulation of these insulting declarations. There
had not been such embarrassments in the legisla-
tion of the States. There had not been judicial
expositions of the unconstitutionality of the fugi-
tive slave law. There had not been propagations
of detestation and hate, to the same extent, at
least, against the southern people. No sir. Those
accumulated evidences demand of us, at least,
some consideration—more solemn4, more deliber-
ate, and more comprehensive, than they have
heretofore received. I know that it is the custom
—almost come to be regarded as law—to consider
persons in the South as alone desirous of a dis-
memberment of the Union. P>ut, sir, that is not
the truth. Far from it. In 1800, Mr. Adams,
the second President of the United States, abso-
lutely refused to subscribe to the establishment of
a college in Tennessee, becausc he did not think
the Union could possibly last, and he did not
deem it proper that the North should be called
upon to give support to such an institution.
I propose to read an extract from the fourth
volume of Mr. Jefferson's works, an entry under
the head of December 13, 1803:
" The Rev. Mr. CofFm, of New England, who is now here
soliciting donations for a college in Greene county, Ten-
nessee, tells mc that when he first determined to engage in
this enterprise, he wrote a letter recommendatory of the
enterprise, which he meant to get signed by clergymen, and
a similar one for persons in a civil clmiiietei, at the head of
which he wished Mr. Adams to put his name,he being the
Pi evident of the United S*tes, and the application going
onh lor his name, and not mr a donation. Mi. Adams, aftei
leading the paper and con^idci ins, said he saw no po.-r-ibil
lty of continuing ihe Union of the States ; that then- disso-
lution must neeessauly take place; that he, theiefore.saw
no propiietvin recommenduvs to New IhigUnd men to pto-
mote a liteiaiy institution in the South ; that it wa«,in (act,
giving rtrengtb to those who were to be their enemies; and,
theiclore, he would have nothing to do with it."
That is not all. In 1804, General Eaton,a Mas-
sachusetts man, returned to his State from the
Tripolitan war, and had a dinner given to him by
his fiiends. In giving a toast he rebuked the dis-
union sentiments of that day, and said: "Palsied
bo the arm and frenzied the head that seeks to
sever the Union."
Nor was that all. Josiah Gluincy, a prominent
and distinguished Massachusetts man, uttered, on
the 14th of January, 1811, disunion sentiments as
strong as ever were uttered by a southern man.
There was, then, a proposition pending to admit
the State of Louisiana into the Union; and if she
were admitted, that was to be cause for dis-
union.
It is unnecessary for me to call attention to the
history of the war of 1812. We know that it was
the habitual custom of that day, in pulpit and in
forum, to utter disunion sentiments in the North.
You recollect the celebrated Hartford convention,
the object of which was to bring about a disrupt
: lion of the Union, and to march the Eastern
States into the British Provinces. You recollect
the fact that the British themselves remained in
the occupation of Castine for months. That is
not all. Mr. Adams, in an extract which I ha*fe
already read, declared that if the 21st rule was
continued as one of the rules of the House, thatit
would be good cause for the North withdrawing
from the union. Sir, at that session he presenter
a memorial praying for a dissolution of the Union,
an atrocity of which he alone enjoys the proud
preeminence. But that is not all. He said further-
more that the North would have the right iQ rev-
olutionize—for that would be the effect of it^—the
South, if the General Government were called
upon to suppress a servile insurrection. Nor is
that all; but the Liberator, of New England, with
an active and organized party, is this day labor-
ing with might and main to accomplish a dissolu-
tion of the Union. And Mr. Henry Wilson,
now a Senator of the United States from the State
of Massachusetts, stands the indorser of that trea-
sonable paper.
Yet these are the men and this the section thai
are talking about our disunion propensities in th?
South!
Mr. Clerk, may I be permitted to repeat once
more that the slaveholding States have done no
wrong to their free-State sisters ? Virginia, in her
generosity and nobleness of soul, gave five great
States to freedom, as it is called, ana to the Union.
Her great captain gave us liberty; and her cap-
tains at the head of the armies of the Union ever
led them to victory. Her usages have piloted the
ship of State through every trial. We have kept
your looms in motion. To us you can trace your
great wealth, the luxurious embellishment of your
barren country. Roar up your palatial residences;
make your country " to smile and blossom as the
rose; let your halls of scicncc be filled with your
aspiring youth; lot your proud navies stretch their
wings to every breeze and over every sca;wc are
enntent; nay we share in the pride and the glory
of your prosperity. We ask no return but to be
left in peace; to ike enjoyment of our rights—to be
let alone. This is all we have ever asked; it is alt
we aslc note. For seventy-five years we have made
this appeal; and in the trying revelations of a few
recent hours, we make it again here in this pres-
ence ; and in the august presence of the American
people, wc pray to be left to the enjoyment of our
rights—to be let alone.
I beg to call attention to the celebrated exami-
nation of Doctor Franklin before a committee of
the House of Commons, in 1766:
" Question. What was the temper of America towards
Great Britain befoie the ycai 1763?
Jlmwcr. The best m the woild."
" Question. And what is their temper now ?
" Jlnswcr. Oh, very much altered."
" Question. To what cause is this owing ?
Jlnstccr. To a concurrence of causes; the restraints
lately laid on their tiade, by which the bringing of gold and
silver into the colonies was prevented; the prohibition of
making paper money among themselves, and then demand-
ing a heavy tax by stamps, and taking away at the same
time trials by juries, and refusing to receive and hear their
humble petitions.
u Question. Do you think, if the stamp act is repealed,
the people would be satisfied?
u vlnwcr. J believe they will.
" Question. If the act is not repealed, what do you think
will he the consequence?
" .rlitsvcr. A total loss of the respect and affection the
people of America bear to this country, and of all the com-
merce that depends on that lcspcci and affection.
'• IIow can the commerce be affected?
.dnsiicr. Yon will find that, if the act is not repealed,
they will take veiy little of your manufactures in a short
time.
u Question. What used to be the pride of the Ameri-
cans r
II Jlnsn cr. To indulge in the fashions and manufactures
of Great Britain.
Question. What is now tffreir pricic?
" jinsiver. To wear their old clothes over again, till they
can make new ones."
In 1770, Franklin was very hopeful that the
remedy adopted would prove effectual. He wrote
from London, Octobcr 2, as follows:
" The dispute between the two countries has already cost
England many millions stei ling, which it ha& lost in its com-
merce, and America has m this respect been a proportion-
able gamer. This'commerce consisted principally of su-
perfluities, objects of luxury and fashion, which wc can do
vcrv well without; and the resolution we have formed of
importing no more till our grievances are redressed, haj en-
abled many of our infant manufactures to take root, even
should a connection moie cordial than ever succeed tho
present troubles. I have, indeed, no doubt that the Parlia-
ment of England will finally abandon its present preten-
sions, and leave us in the pcaceabie enjoyment of om rights
and privileges.5'*
