1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81?3
beis have not had time to give it a careful exam-
ination, for 1 feel confident the more any sensible
man looks into the subject, the more the magni-
tude of this great commercial route across this
continent to the Pacific will appear to him.
When the subject was first, before the Attorney
General the original titles had not been seen by
him, only translations without seals. He re-
examined the case with these original titles in
Spanish, properly sealed and authenticated, before
him, and gave an unqualified opinion in favor of
the legality and soundness of the grants. We
have not only the opinion of the law officer of the
United States certifying; to the validity of Mr.
Thompson's title, but the minister plenipotentiary
of the Republic of New Granada to the United
States; and here is iiis letter, certifying unqual-
ifiedly and strongly to the validity of the titles,
and to the power of the province of Chiriqui,
under their constitution, to make the grants. The
titles to lands around the harbors came from in-
dividuals, and are at once complete and without
condition. The grants to the land along the road
■were made by the province of Chiriqui, and are,
of course, made conditionally and by sections, as
portions of the road are completed. A full and
perfect title to sell, covered by the grant from har-
bor to harbor across the isthmus, will notbegiven
until the road stipulated for m the agreement is
completed. Portions of the road have already
been completed. Mr. Thompson has spent large
sums of money there in securing his rights, per-
fecting his titles, and in opening the road. A
wagon can go over aboutthirty milesof the road,
and the mail of that part of New Granada is car-
ried upon it.
Now, sir, as to the soundness of these grants,
when we have the official opinion of your law
officer, and the well-considered and formal opin-
ion of the minister of New Granada to the United
Statfs affirming their legality and binding force;
when we have incidentally the ratification of those
titles by the Government of New Granada itself,
and on another occasion the assent of the treaty-
making power of New Granada to their binding
force, it is hardly worth while to come in here and
cavil about titles, like village lawyers in a justice's
court; and especially when the amendment of the
Senate says that not one*cent of money shall be
paid until the President—which means the Pres-
ident and his council, the Cabinet—is satisfied of
the full and complete validity of the title, and that
coal exists there of the right quality for use in our
steam vessels, and in ample quantities to supply
ail the United States want in that locality. That
is, of itself, a sufficient answer to all these objec-
tions, and to all that has been said by the gentle-
man from New York. The Senate amendment
is the bill reported to this House by a majority of
the Naval Committee, and was thought to be so
well guarded as to make it perfectly safe for the
United States to enter into this arrangement.
I have here an official estimate from the proper
bureau showing that they will have to purchase
this year, for the Gulf squadron alone, ten thou-
sand three hundred and thirty tons of coal. The
average cost and freight of this coal for the last
ten years has been $11 60 per ton. This is to
place it on some landing-spot; then there is the
rent for a place to keep it in, handling and putting
it on board of vessels, which will bring it to at
least fourteen dollars per ton on the Atlantic side.
If our hopes are realized, and the mines turn
out as well as we have reason to believe they
will, the Government will save, on the quantity
wanted this year, for the Gulf squadron alone,
§100,000. The railroad from harbor to harbor
will be only eighty miles in length, and when
completed, coal can be delivered from the Chiriqui
mines, at the Golfito, oil the Pacific, for about
six dollars per ton; and on the quantity which
will be consumed the present year by the Pacific
squadron we should save about one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars. As this is an eco-
nomical Congress, 1 hope it will feel the force of
the money argument, if it will not pause to com-
prehend the vastly more important consideration
presented by the commercial view of the subject.
But this question of saving on coal is one of
minor consideration—a minor consideration when
you h>ok to our condition as a commercial Power
upon this continent. Our commercial policy should
be wiser and broader. The United States is one
of the first commercial Powers of the earth, and
the only one of much consequence on this conti-
nent; and yet our steam marine, except that en-
gaged coastwise, IS fast disappeaiing from the
ocean; and that of ourgrcatrivnl England is taking
its place. "VVe have neglccted almost everything
that tends to strengthen us commercially, and our
present immense sailing tonnage has been fought
up almost in spite of our Government. H5re is
an opportunity to unite the trade and commerce
of two great oceans *by a railroad only eighty
miles in length, running from one deep-water
harbor on one side of the continent, to another
on the other side; the only spot for the entire
length of this continent where commerce, in its
enlarged sense, can be economically carried on
between the two seas; and rather than afford any
indirect aid under a bill which perfectly secures
us against the possibility of loss to a project so
hopeful of grand results to our whole country,
we constitute ourselves into a court of disputants
to haggle over the forms of conveyance.
Sir, we can never thus compete with the great
maritime Powers of the earth, and build up a per-
manent commerce that will be an honor and a
blessing to the whole land. It is not by holding
back and playing the sharper that wc are to suc-
ceed in placing this commercial crown upon A mor-
ican brows now held out to us. Look at our
condition as the great commercial Power on this
continent. Mexico, Central and South America,
have a trade, export and import, of nearly four
hundred million dollars; and we, their neighbors,
and where with proper facilities it would be the
cheapest and most natural for them to conduct
their trade, get less than one seventh of it; the rest
has followed the great steamboat lines of England
across the Atlantic. About seventy Spanish-
American ports are accommodated by the Eng-
lish steam line from Southampton direct to the
West Indies, and along the Spanish-American
ports on both sides of the continent; and that ever
sagacious Power has long had her eyes on this
spot as the only great commercial highway be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacihc oceans. The other
isthmean harbors arc all shallow, and the routes
often, one side or the other, leiminate at open
roadsteads. They will answer for passenger
transits, but the want of good deep-water har-
bors closcs them against the general purposes of
commerce. Harbors are as necessary for com-
mercial purposes as railroad facilities between
them. One is necessary to the other. Here, all
that is required for a great commercial transit
appears to be most marvelously united. Nature
has created capacious deep-water harbors—one
on the Atlantic, the other on the Pacific—and uni-
ted them by cutting an almost level path through
the Cordilleias, and is now holding them out as a
gift to American commerce; and we stand here
chiiflViing about the form of the deeds, while gold
is running in streams from the Treasury for use-
less purposes. When shall wc wake up to our
true interests?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the amendment by stnkmgout the original
proposition and inserting the following:
The sum of $-5,000 is hereby oppiopriated to enable the
President to appoint a commissioner to examine t'io route
over which tlio ClmiquL company piopose to build a rail-
road, who t-liail repoit fullv on the titles of faatd company ;
al^o on the exi-t^nee and valueot the conl'minos and har-
borr- <u the termim of s=aid route.
This is another system, Mr. Chairman, of mak-
ing appropriations in advance of knowledge; for
the Senate amendment provides that none of the
money shall be paid till you find out the facts
which you admit you do not know now. This is
a speculation got up by a Pennsylvania company
and sold to some broker in New Yoik, who im-
mediately sold it to the Government for $300,000;
and he, together with some brokers here, pocketed
the whole amount. Now, I want, before I vote
to appropuatc money, to know the. facts on which
it is to be appropriated. My own private inform-
ation, not from the sources that have been nego-
tiating, is, that there is no coal there in the first
place; and in the second place that there is no har-
bor there—nothing but little lagoons. Although
gentlemen may differ in their researches about
this, yet the very fact of leaving it all open for the
President to determine, and of not having it sub-
mitted to Congiess, shows that it is not suffi-
ciently ascertained. 1 do not want to make an ap-
propriation, and my vote shall never aid in doing
so, on such a contingency. Let us have a report
of it, and let us then appropriate or .refuse the
money.
But it is said, that if we xlo not take it, some
other Government will seize it; that we must
hurry and take it now, that it is a good thing for
us, and if we do not, that somebody else will grab
it up and deprive us of it. Sir, that is the clamor
of all speculators. When we wanted to capture
Cuba, or buy it for $100,000,000, we were told
that the French were waiting for it, and that the
English were waiting for it, and if we did not get
it the next day before breakfast time, they would
seize it. This is the same kind of clap-trap argu-
ment that has led to the wasteful expenditure of
millions of the money of this Government. The
company has been for nine years attempting to
putpavmg-stonoson this road to make a turnpike
of it, instead of a railroad. The Governments of
England and France knew all about it for years,
ana if they wanted to buy it, I suppose these pa-
triotic gentlemen would not sell it to them, but
that they would hold it over for the benefit of their
own country, because they are patriots of the first
water. And now, we are to be precipitated into
this appropriation; and if we do not afterwards
carry it out, wc are to be sued for a breach of
contract. 1 think it is time to put an end to this
whole thing, by an actual touch of the spear of
Ithuriel and sending the angel out there. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SEDGWICK, I desire to say a word,
Mr. Chairman, in reference to the perfect title
which the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs says has been ascertained after the win-
ter's investigation. We have had this matter
under consideration, and the chairman and the
majority of the Committee on Naval Affairs have
ascertained what they consider a title, but from
which a large minority of the committee dissent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. How large a
minority ?
Mr. SEDGWICK. Three.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Two.
Mi.SEDGWICK, No,sir; three. Twosigned
the minority report, and another supports it.
Now, sir, m reference to the certificate of the
Attorney General, I have this to say: that this
question was presented to him, anu his opinion
was relied upon. It was presented to him in
March, and he reported that this company had
no title, and could not convey one, for seven rea-
sons, which lie stated. On the 1st of May, the
Secietary of the Navy, in defiance of that opin-
ion, entered into a contract, and on the lltli of
May he got a new opinion from the Attorney
General, in which the latter states that six of the
objections which were formal to the title, were re-
moved by subsequent evidence. But he says that
the seventh objection which he took to the title
was not removed. Let me call the attention of the
committee to what that objection is. The seventh
objection is, that we cannot, without violating the
law of nations, take and hold possession of such
property within a foreign country.
That objectionjs not removed. Thatyetstands
as the opinion of the Attorney General, and you
cannot, therefore, complete that contract without
violating the law of nations. The more formal
objections, he says, are removed, and that, in the
view of the majority of the committee, shows a
perfect legal title on the certificate of the Attorney
General.
One thing further. Here is to be a great transit
route, as our friend says, between two famous
harbors on the Atlantic and Pacific. This com-
pany has been in existence nine years, and they
have got a path across the mountains, which a
mule can traverse, with an Indian guide preceding
him, cutting down the underbrush with his.ma-
chete. They have got nothing more. The mo-
ment a man steps from off that path, a venomous
serpent bites him, and he dies. That is the charac-
ter of the country. My friend from Maine [Mr.
Morse] argues this question as if sve wore to have
a great transit between these two harbors, and yet
the Attorney General, on whose opinion they
rely, says;
" It mint alfo be recollected, that this cram for a road-
way does, not include any right to make a lailroad."
You have got no right to a railroad; you have
got a right to a mule path, and the Secretary of
the Navy is to pay £,300,000 for the right to trans-
port across the isthmus the Army of the United
States and your munitions of war.
