266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
But, sir, we arc admonished that the "irrepress-
ible conflict5' will not end. We are to have no
p%ce. Our rights will not be respected. What
then; disunion at once, or measures which may
prevent, but will at the same time prepare for it.
Disunion is the last resort. What other remedies
then, it may be asked, am I prepared to suggest?
The first and most obvious measure is legislation
by the free States. Let them provide such laws
in aid of the laws of Congress as will facilitate
the enjoyment of all the rights and guarantees of
the Constitution; suppress all incendiary combi-
nations; punish all treasonable sentiments, cill
subscriptions, &c., in aid of invasions of our sister
States. We have what is called the neutrality act
of 18X8, the object of which is to prevent our peo-
ple from breaking the peace of friendly Powers.
Surely the States will practice toward each other
that friendly non-intervention which, as one of
the family of nations, we have proclaimed in ref-
erence to all others. But I have no hope of such
legislation now. What then? we must legislate
ourselves. Our soil has been invaded, we must
arm; our negroes have been tampered with andrun
off; the whole system of itinerants, peddlers, sho w-
x men, schoolmasters, and all others, must be pro-
hibited by law. The manufactures of unfriendly
States must be refused a market among us; we
must encourage our own manufactures—open a
direct trade with Europe, &c.
One would think that the North must know our
value. To our industry, more than to any other
cause, they chiefly owe their great prosperity.
"The exports of the last fiscal year, embracing specie and
American piorluce, amounted to ^333,894,385; in addition
to which we also expoited something over twenty millions
of foreign produce, making a!l of our exports above tiiree
hundred and fifty-six million dollars, and exceeding our im-
ports for the same period a fraction over eighteen million
dollars.
The specie and American produce exported
were $333,894,383
Specie  57,502,305
The amount of produce consequently ex-
poitcd was .$278,392,060
(C We propose to classify the amount furnished by each
section, as lai as possible, by giving the amount furnished
exclusively by the tree States, the amount furnished bj both
the fi co and slave States, (wlnchit is impossible to sepai ate
and designate the respective amount furnished l>v each,)
and the amount furnished exclusively b> the slave States.
Free States exclusively:
Fisheries, embiacing speimaceti and whale oil-1, diicd and
salt fish  5?'J,'162,U74
Coal      653,536
lee  164,581
Total free States  $3,281,091
Free anil slave States:
Products of the forest—-embracing staves and headings,
s-lnnsrlcs, boaid^, plank, and scantling, hewn limber, othei
timber, oak bark andothei dye, all manufacttne-' of v, ood,
ashes, ginsoutr, skins, and furs $12,099,907
Product of agriculture:
Of animals—beef tallow, hide?, homed cattle,
buttei, Hicr-io, pnik, hams and bacon, bird,
wool, hogs hoises, mules, and sheep  15.519,817
Vegetable food:
Wheal," Dour, Indian corn, Indian nn\il, rye
meal, oats, and other small giain, and pulee,
biscuit, or t>hip biead, potatoes, apples, and
onions  22,437,578
Manufactuies:
Refined sugar, wax, chocolate, spirits fiom
gram, do. mola>ses, do. other materials, vm-
egai. beei. ale, poiter, and eider, in casks and
bottle, linseed oil, household furniture, cai-
iiagi'-. and paits, lailroad cms ;md parts, hats
of fur and silk. do. palm leaf, saddlery, tiunks
and valines adamantine and other candles,
'cap, snuff, tobacco manufactured, gunpow
dei, leather, hoo*s and shoes, cables and coid-
age. salt, lead, uon, pig, bar, nails, castings.
and all manufactures ot, coppcr, biass,arn)
manufacture^ oi, drugs and medicines cotton
piecc goods, printed oi ecfloied, white other
than duck,'duck and aU manufactures ot,
hemp, thread, bags, cloth, and other aianu-
facturos of,weaungapparel, eaithen and stone
ware.combsandbuttons. brooms and blushes,
of a)! kinds, billiard tables and apparatus, um-
lueil-is parasols and sunshades moioceo and
other leather not bold by the pound, fne-en-
gines, printing presses and type, musical in
strumcnts, books and maps, paper and sta-
tionery, paints and varnish, jewelry, other
manufactures of gold and silver, glass, tin,
pewter and lead, marble and stone, bricks,
lime and cement, India-rubber shoes and
manufactures, lard oils, oil cake, and artificial
flowers  30,197,274
\iticJps not cumulated, manufar tufd  2,274,1)52
Ruvpioduee  1,858.205
Total, free and -lave States 884,417,493
Slave States, exclusively:
Cotton $161,434,923
Tobacco  21,074,038
Kosin and turpentine  3,554,416
Rice  2,207,148
Tar and pitch  141,058
Brown sugar    196,935
Molasses   75,699
9,279
Hemp.
Total, slave States       $188,693,496
rec a 1'ittiiia.tion.
Free States, exclusively  $5,281,091
Free and slave States  84,417,493
Slave States, exclusively  188,093,496
Total $278,392,080
" If any one will take the trouble to analyze the articles
embraced m the amount of ."$84,417,493, belonging alike to
the labor of the free and slave States, lie will find that at
least one third is as justly the products of slave labor. We
have, theiefore, the fact, that out of $278,392,080 of exports
of domestic industry, over $200,000,000 of this sum is fur-
nished by those States known as slave States.5'
And yet our labor is thriftless, and our indus-
try is unproductive! Where, in the whole history
of labor, is there such an amount of production
for the capital involved? And where such an
amount of content, comfort, and, I may add, hap-
piness? Here is the chief basis of northern pros-
perity. Do they wish its destruction, to make
another Jamaica or San Domingo of the southern
States ? Indeed, it may be said that the negro in
the South is not only a productive, but eminently
a social and religious, being. I beg to read to you
the testimony of the Rev. Mr. Gurley, known,
by character at least, to the members of this
House:
Colored Church Members at the Soutii Rev. R.
li. Guiley, who, as agent of the American Colonization So-
ciety, lately made a tour through the State of Geoigia, has
recently addressed a long and interesting letter to Rev. W.
McLam, secretary of said society, which is published in
the African Repository. It is beautifully written, and pie-
sonts many encouraging facts bearing upon the objects of
his mission. Wc make the following extract, and we re-
gret that we arc unable to publish the letter entire.—Na-
tional Intelligencer.
" It has been shown, from authentic documents, that in
the southern States, in 1847, theic were 139,378 coloied
member* of the Methodist church ; that 100,000 weie mem-
bers of the Baptist church, m 1847 ; of the Piesbytciian
church, 7,000; of other denominations, 16,000 5 andat this
hour it ia piobable that the number of colored mcmbcis ot'
Christian churches in the southern States is not less than
300,000. The great fund of humanity, treasured up for the
benefit of our colored population, is m the heaits of the
South. That divine law of love, which worketh no ill to
its neighbor, pervading the heaits of Christian masters and
Christian slaves, will dispose both to seek each othcis'
highest good, and to impait to all men a knowledge of its
Author and the happiness of 1 lis kingdom "
And what is the state of the free negro wherever
tried ?
" If there is any one fact established by steadily accumu-
lating evidence, it is that the free negro cannot lind a con-
genial home in the United States. He is an exotic among
us, and all the efforts of philanthiopists to naturalize him
on Amenean soil and under American skies have tailed.
We know that it is common to attribute this failure to the
piejudice of the whiles, which defeats all the attempts
made to impiove radically find peimancntly the condition
of the blacks; but after allowing to this cause all the influ-
ence which it deserves, it mt£ be admitted that it does
not explain the almost universal degradation of the colored
population 111 the free States, and wc must look beyond pre-
judice and social ostracism, and the unequal legislation
which may be supposed to flow fiom these for tome deeper
explanation—one which we believe is to be found 111 the
constitution of the negro himself." * * * *
" Now, so far as the colored population of most of the
fiee States are concerned, there are no laws that trammel
their faculties or limit the sphere of their mdu^tiy. They
are at liberty to pursue most callings, and to accumulate
piopeity. The laws extend protection to the person and
property of the colored man as they do to the white."
A x " But we see the blacks daily dnven fiom
avocations once deemed almost exclusively then own. it is ,
long since they have flourished m any of the trade?, if they 1
ever pursued them with success. Within a few yeais j
they have ceased to be hackney coachmen and dia\men, ;
and'they are now almost displaced a? stevedoies. ThVynre !
rapidlv losing their places a* barbers and sonants. Ten ;
families employ white servants now, wheie one did twents* '
yeaisago. Whatever explanation may be given of the^e ■
facts, the facts themselves cannot be denied ; and what is >
to be done with our colored population, unless they can be ]
induced to return as colonist-, to the native land'of then ;
race, 01 seek some other tropical legion, bailies the wisest .
of us to say."—Philadelphia North American (Black Re- 1
publican.) ;
a The Free Negroes of tiie North.—The New York !
Expiesshas the following sensible remark* on tins subject, j
If the people of the North would mtcie.-t themselves mote !
about the condition of the tree negro population they have j
among them, and leave the southern people to take care of-L
the slaves, it would be much moie to their own inieiest, 1
and to the welfare of the oountiy. We hope thev will profit '
by the comments of the Expi e-s": " j
i<( From the Washington Sentinel, which has been ex- !
amining the ccnsus returns, we learn that, prior to 1830, !
owing to the more general emancipation which prevailed
then than now, (and which has been retarded by the zeal
and interference of the Abolitionists,) there was a greater
increase among the fiee negroes than among the slaves.
From 1830 to 1840, the free negroes fell off fourteen per
cent., the increase being buttwenty per cent—two per cent,
per year—in ten years. From 1840 to 1850, there was a
falling of eight per cent., and an increase of only twelve
per cent., which does not exceed the number of manumit-
ted and escaped slaves.
' In a marked and important contrast to this, the slaves,
we are told, are increasing in the ratio of twenty per cent,
every ten years; and the Sentinel declares, that, among
three million two hundred and four thousand three hundred
and thirteen slaves, (the number enumerated m the census
of 1850,) there were but three hundred and thirty-seven
idiotic and insane, and thiee hundred and eleven idiotic
and insane free negroes in a population of four hundred and
thiity-four thousand four hundiefl and ninety-five. Thus
it appears that there is only one insane slave in nine thou-
sand six hundied and fifteen, while there is one idiotic or
insane fiee negio to every thirteen hundred and ninety-
seven.5 "
" Condition of the Free Blacks at the North—Of
all the papers m the worid, we should have expected the
New York Tribune to be the last to represent the true con-
dition of the free blacks at the North. And even that violent
Abolition sheet portrays the character of this class of the
northern community:
"4 Nine tenths of the free blacks have no idea of settling
themselves to work, except as the hirelings and servitors of
white men; 110 idea of building a church, or accomplishing
any other serious enteipnse, except through beggary of the
whites. As a class, the blacks are indolent, improvident,
servile, and licentious; and their inveterate habit of ap-
pealing to white benevolence or compassion, whenever they
realize a want or encounter a difficulty, is eminently bane-
ful and enervating. If they could never moie obtain a dol-
lar until they shall have earned it, many of them would
suffer, and some, peihaps, starve; but, on the whole, they
would do bettei and improve faster than may now be rea-
sonably cxpeeted.'"
" Free Negroes North.—The New York correspondent
of the Savannah Republican writes as follows as to the
condition of free negiocs in the North:
"£ Two rather mipoitant decisions 011 the eternal negro .
question have been made. The city court of Brooklyn
held that a mamage between slaves in the State of tyorth
Carolina was not valid, and refused to allow a freed man
of color to be prosecuted for bigamy here, the first alleged
marriage having been solemnized in that State. In one of
the second waid public schools of this city, a number of
negroes made application for the admission of their chil-
dren. A stormy debate took place among the school com-
missioners of the district, but finally the application was
lejccted by a vote of 8 to 2. The amalgamation doctrine,
in all its forms, is very unpopular 111 this city. Negroes are
not allowed in omnibuses or cars, (except on one line,
where they have special cars,) hotels, or places of public
amusement. Indeed, I think the two iac.es meet with less
jealousy and moie good nature and apparent familiarity in
parts of the South I have visited than in New York.' "
North Adams, Massachusetts,
September 26, 1859.
Dear Sir: Yours of the 12th, inclosing a copy of the
lesolutions recently adopted by a convention of colored cit-
izens of New England, assembled at Boston, was received
here in my absence fiom home, or it would have been
sooner acknowledged. I am greatly obliged to the conven-
tion for the complimentary notice it was pleased to take of
myself in one of its resolutions.
The disabilities imposed upon free colored persons by
the constitutions of many of the s^o-called tiec States, have
very propcily found place in the dehbeiation of the con-
vention. Indeed, the position which the lice colored cit-
izen shall hereafter occupy at the North has seemed tome
to be a question deseivmg more attention from all than it
has hitherto received. It lies, in my opinion, directly across
the path of the emancipationist, and must be encountered
and conectly settled before any peimanentor healthy prog-
icss can be made. The giowing disposition in the new
States that are forming in the great West with such rapid-
ity and on such a magnificent scale, to disfranchise, disa-
ble, and drive out the iree negroes from their border, should
be firmly met and counteracted by those who make it the
corner-stone ol their political creed that " all men are cre-
ated equal."
That a State whoso constitution imposes upon any class
of men who have committed no crime the disability that
they "shall never have the right of suffrage," "shall nevei
hold any real estate," " shall never make any contiact,"
" shall never woik any mine," <• shall never maintain any
suit," or " come, reside, or be within the State"—that such
a State is called a free State passes my comprehension. It
is all a f'ahc pretense and a ftaud. There is no real differ-
ence between the spirit which would incorporate such
provisions into the oiganie laws of a State and that which
infamously declares that the "negro has no lights which
the white man is bound to respect.-" It ia high time, there-
fore, for those who believe that men have inalienable rights
to meet and grapple this monstious heresy. It well engaged
the attention ot so intelligent a convention of colored citi-
zens assembled in New England, the only portion of the
Union wheie the rights of man, without distinction of color
or laccor class or condition, are secuied to hiiu by the
constitutional guarantees. It must sooner or later, and bet-
ter soon than late, ariest the serious attention of the states-
man who hopes lor the peipetnity of the principles upon
which the frame-work of our Government was founded.
Respectfully yours, II. L. DAWES.
William C. Neil, E«q.
In the above letter from Hon. Mr. Dawes, now
a member of this House, you will see the gen-
eral condition of the free negro in the non-slave-
holding States.
