1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
One word more. The sit ting mem ber says: gran t
for the sake of argument that this contestant could
not give notice under the statute so as to file his
answer, and take the testimony, yet common
Courtesy would at least have required of him to
have informed the sitting member of the fact. He
comes here before the House, and saya to you
that he never had any notice, regular or otherwise;
that he"slept in the belief that nobody was to con-
test'his seat; and, in proof thereof, he reads the
list of members elected to this House from the
New York Tribune, where it is failed to be noted
that the seat of the sitting member is contested. I
have to inform the sitting member that it is quite
too late for him to say that he never dreamed or
suspected that his seat was to be contested until
after this memorial was produced in this House;
for he and his contestant both appeared before the
board of county canvassers in New York city,
and there argued these questions, and then and
there the contestant gave him notice that he would
contest his seat, if the board of canvassers de-
clared him duly eleeted. As he has read from the
New York Tribune, I propose to read from the
New York Evening Post of the 9th of Novem-
ber, 1858, to show that he and the contestant were
both present. He then and there had notice of
that which he has so far forgotten as to believe
now that he never heard of the intention of this
party (Mr. Williamson) to contest his seat until
this memorial was presented.
" Board of canvassf rs met In City Hall at half past twelve
to-day.
" In the fourth district a gross error was discovered in
the vote for Congressman. The result in detail was an-
nounced : Sickles, 70 ; Williamson, 34; Wat bridge, 31; G.
Hiram Walbridgc, I ; footing, 126. The whole number of
votes was 103, making 23 more in detail than the total.
" In the judiciary box were 103 votes—88 for judge, and
the rest for Congress, which the inspectors gave to Sickle's.
•" Mr. Sickles, who was present, said itcould not be helped;
the board could not go behind the return.
"Mr. Williamson said he could prove that the vote, ai
announced by the inspectors on the night of the election,
gave htin a majority, and that he should contest Sicklea's
seat,if theofficialcanvass elected imn."—New York Even-
ing Post, November 9, 1858.
Mr. SICKLES. I put it to the candor and fair-
ness of the gentleman, that I shall bo entitled to
answer that, as it isasuggestion never before made
in the case.
Mr. DAWES. I will give the gentleman an
opportunity to say categorically whether he and
Mr. Williamson were present on that occasion or
not.
Mr. SICKLES. I put it to the gentleman, not
as to whether I am to answer a simple and cate-
gorical question or not; but he has read herefrom
a newspaper an article which I never .saw, and a
statement of facts quite outside of the case. And
I am reminded that he has read, not from a
newspaper, but from a manuscript, a thing never
brought before into the case, not suggested by
Mr. Williamson before the Committee of Elec-
tions; but a matter which was brought before the
supreme court of New York, where every po-
sition I took before the board of canvassers, as
referred to in that article, was sustained upon full
argument. That is my answer.
As to the other allegation, that Mr. Williamson
then gave me any notice, or declared that he would
contest my seat, I affirm upon my oath as a mem-
ber of this House, that I never heard any such
statement, and that, in myjudgment,nosuchstate-
mcnt was made.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not mean
to question my veracity when I said that I read
from the New York Evening Post?
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly not ;errorsexcepted.
The gentleman read from a manuscript, and per-
haps the person who furnished him with it may
not have furnished him with a correct copy of a
second-hand report.
Mr. DAWES. I have to say, that I read from
the New York Evening Post myself; and I would
inquire whether the Evening Post is not as good
authority with him as the New York Tribune?
That is all I have to say about it. I have not
brought newspapers here until the gentleman has
undertaken to prove, by a statement in the New
York Tribune, that his seat was not to bo con-
tested, and then I thought it but fair to produce
the New York Evening Post, per contra.
Mr. SICKLES. Does the gentleman want an
answer?
Mr. DAWES. I do not care.
Mr. SICKLES. I consider their authority as
nothing where their partisan prejudices are ex-
cited.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman says now that
he does not remember of having any notice at all
of this fact. He felt as if it were necessary to
prove that he had not received any notice from
the columns of the New York Tribune, and I tell
the gentleman, therefore, that I am justified in
reading the New York Evening Post. I hope the
gentleman will bear me witness that, so far as he
and I have come into contact in this hearing, I
have treated him fairly. I have endeavored to treat
his case fairly, and to give him the advantage in
the report, which has been commented upon here
with some severity by gentlemen, though I think
with parliamentary courtesy. I have given him
the advantage of the denial he made verbally, if
not in writing, before the committee. I have sought
in no particular to prejudge his case; I have only
felt it was due to the House—and I take the liberty
to say I felt it was due to him—that when any
man came to the door of this House and said that
the gentleman had bribed his way into this House,
that the fullest and amplest investigation should
put forever to silence any such scandalum, magna-
tum. as that, or that any such scat held in this
House should be purged of any such fraud; and
I think the sitting member will agree with me in
that respect.
The gentleman says that, admitting that the
act of 1851 has no application to this case, yet
that the contestant is outside of all parliamentary
rules and customs in the contest of cases before
this House. He has alluded to a case cited upon
his own brief, which he says supports that posi-
tion. Now I wish to ask the sitting member if
he will point me to a case where any man came
before the House of Representatives alleging that
a man held his seat by his own fraud, and pray-
ing a commission to make that allegation good,
that he was ever sent out of the House and refused
a hearing, because he had not the witnesses and
the proof beforehand.
Mr. SICKLES. My reply is, that there has
never yet been an instance in which a man came
here seventeen months after the election, and then
for the first time proposed to enter upon a contest
for a seat in this House, and consequently that
there is not, in the papers of the petitioner, a well-
stated or a sufficiently-stated allegation of fraud
or irregularity.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that, and shall
speak of it in a moment; but I pray the gentleman
to answer my question. Has he a single case in :
which the House refused to permitaman to bring
proof to .show that the seat was held by fraud,
merely b<"'ause the first notice of it was the me-
morial itself? 1
Mr. SICKLES. No one over presented a case .
to the House under circumstances parallel to this !
presented by the contestant, and therefore such a j
case cannot be pointed out. i
Mr. DAWES. I take the answer to be, that j
the gentleman has not such a case in his mind, j
nor in the books lie has read. 1 desire to call the !
attention of my colleague on the committee, who j
addressed the House yesterday, [Mr. Gartrell,] ,
to some remarks he made, and I propose to put a !
like interrogatory to him. He said: '
" What is the allegation of the petitioner? What is his
request ? It i>> that the contestant may be allowed to take tes- !
timony—original testimony—where no evidence has been j
taken, no notice been given, no witnesses been summoned, ;
no process has bem applied for; but this party comes here •
with the Jaw staring him m the face, having remained j
silent lor filteen long months, and asks this House to grant >
him an extiaordmary commission to take original testi- [
mony, upon general, loose, and indefinite allegations of 1
fraud. Now, mark the distinction. TJie act of Congress J
applies to taking Supplemental testimony.' There is not j
a word, lino, or letter in the act that authorizes the House i
of Representatives, m any case whatever, to allow the party !
to take original testimony; nor can any case be found in I
which any such authority has been given, 1 call upon gen- :
tlemen, and I will give them until the vote is taken upon
this resolution to-morrow, to produce one single instance j
where any such indulgence has been granted by the House i
of Representative. And if no case can hp found, I ask how :
we can with any consistency adopt the resolution reported >
by the majority of the Committee of Elections ?" j
The question I wish to ask my colleague for i
information is: has he in mind a single case m 1
which a man comes first before the House of Rep- ;
resentatives with the allegation of fraud in his me- I
morial, and he was turned away without a hear- j
ing, and without permission to take his proofs, j
merely because he had not given the notice and j
taken the proofs before he carpe here ? I
Mr. GARTRELL. I respond to the question
as did the sitting member. I apprehend that no
such case as the one now before the House can
be found in the proceedings of this House or of
the British Parliament; because no one ever before
thought of bringing such a case before a sensible
and deliberative body.
Mr. DAWES. Then I understand the gentle-
man has no case to sustain the position which he
has taken, and he justifies himself by saying that
in his opinion there never was such a case as this.
Well,I suppose thatal together depends upon what
this case shall prove to be after an investigation.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will ask the gentleman
now, as I did yesterday, to show this House a
single instance where the House of Representa-
tives or the Parliament of Great Britain ever au-
thorized the taking of supplementary evidence, as
our statutes prescribe, where no original evidence
had been taken or attempted to be taken.
Mr. DAWES. Let us settle one thing at a
time. If the gentleman from Georgia has no such
case, I trust he will have the frankness to say so.
The gentleman, in his speech yesterday,gave me
time until the vote is taken, to find a single in-
stance where the House of Representatives ever
authorized a man who came before it, in the first
instance, without having given notice, to take the
testimony which he had not taken when he came
before the House; and I avail myself of this per-
mission. I have before me, collected in one book,
the contested-election cases in this House up to
the year 1834; and I invite his attention to the very
first case reported in the book, in which he \yll
find this fact: that a man came before the House
of Representatives with his papers in the first in-
stance, and without a particle of proof; and the
House, by a resolution, prescribed just exactly
what we propose to prescribe here—the mode and
manner in which he should take his proofs, the
time when, and the notice which should be given.
And I also invite his attention to the second case
reported in the book.
Mr. GARTRELL. Will the gentleman state
the case which he has just cited, and give me the
date ?
Mr. DAWES. It is David Ramsey vs. Wil-
liam Smith, in 1789.
Mr. GARTRELL. Some time before the pas-
sage of the act of 1851.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly it was; and that lu-
minous remark of the gentleman from Georgia
did not surprise me. I understood the gentleman
to challenge the production of a case outside of
the statute of 1851, and the gentleman replies that
this case does not come within the statute of 1851.
The gentleman from Georgia defies theproduction
of a case, and I cited the very first case in the
book. The determination of the House in that
case was this:
Ordered, That the petition be referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections, with instructions to prepare a proper
mode of investigation and decision thereon. On the 18th
of April the said committee reported as follows," &c.
That is the first one.
Mr. SICKLES. By the consent of parties.
Mr. DAWES. No, sir, not at all. I com-
mend to the sitting member again a more careful
reading of the authorities. The next case is that
of the New Jersey members, in 1789:
" On the 21st of May, the committee made a report as to
the mode of taking testimony in the said ease, as follows,
to wit," &c.
Prescribing the mode, manner, and notice. I
hope the House will not tire of these references,
because this book is full of leaves turned down for
th<? accommodation of my friend from Georgia.
The next is the case of Latimer, in the Third Con-
gress.
Mr. GARTRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would com-
mend these same authorities to the gentleman's
consideration in the Howard and Cooper case.
Mr. DAWES. I shall have occasion to allude
to the Howard and Cooper case oeforc I get
through. In the case of Henry Latimer, of the
State of Delaware, he presented to the House a
petition complaining of the undue election and re-
turn of John Patten, to serve as a member of the
House from said State. The petition was referred
to the Committee of Elections, with instructions
to examine into the matter thereof, and to report
the same, with their opinion thereon, to the House.
On the 24th of December, a resolution was adopted
by the committee, with the consent of the parties
