1859.
the congressi6nal globe.
267'
1 read this letter for the purpose of showing
that, according to the statement of that gentleman,
the free States themselves, with the single excep-
tion of Massachusetts, repudiate the doctrine of
equality. They are free and equal, then, in but
one State in the Union. I am told that in Mas-
sachusetts, a white man can marry a black wo-
man, and a white woman can marry a black man.
I am told that in Massachusetts, black men can
be lawyers, judges, and counselors; that they can
be governors; and, I suppose, may be elected to
Congress. What kind of equality, and what sort
of freedom, is it, when no other State than Mas-
sachusetts recognizes their perfect equality?
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman is mistaken. In
the State of Vermont there is no disqualification
of colored men. They arc eligible to any office
in the State.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The North Amer-
ican, quoted, also says:
" We are led to these remarks by reflecting on the great
reluctance displayed by the people of the new States to have
fiee negioes settle among them. There is something more
in this than mere prejudice or jealousy. It is exhibited m
places where the political sentiments of the people are as
diverse as in Kansas, Oregon, and Iowa. It seems as if it
were to become a rule, in training a constitution for a new
State, to prohibit the residence of free negroes."
Then the gentlei^atofrom Massachusetts is mis-
taken. I supposed he was correct, because he had
looked into the matter, as he was weeping over the
unhappy condition of the slave, for whom he has
such tender commiseration. Did the gentleman
ever know a negro to be elected to any office in
Vermont?
Why, then, will gentlemen agitate this ques-
tion? Why will they forget their obligations to
the Constitution and the country? If gentlemen
choose to try the experiment of mingling bloods
and raccs, ihcy jire welcome to it. We of the
South believe that the negro is of an inferior race.
That is our experience; but we are perfectly wil-
ling to give to others an opportunity of showing
that we are mistaken.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gentle-
man if there is any law in Virginia against the
intermingling of the whites and blacks?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. Then what is the reason that
there arc so many more mulattoes than full-
blooded Africans ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know it is not the
fact.
Mr. HOUSTON, (in his seat.) Perhaps it is
owing to the Yankees going there. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. We had a Democratic Legis-
lature one year m Massachusetts, and it was in that
year that the law was repealed prohibiting the in-
termarriage of blacks and whites. However, we
never have found it necessary to make the inter-
marriage of blacks and whites a penal offense in
our State; and if they have found it necessary so to
do, that is the gentleman's business, and not mine.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Exactly,
Mr. DAWES. We have never found it neces-
sary to prevent, by legal or constitutional enact-
ment, any black man from holding office m Mas-
sachusetts. If they have found it^ necessary in
Virginia to make a black man constitutionally in-
eligible to office, that is their business, not ours.
We have found it necessary to impose restrictions
on no man. We let all men who are born free and
equal judge for themselves, in Massachusetts,
whom of all their number, they will select to hold
the office of Governor; and we do not hesitate to
compare the Governors of Massachusetts with the
Governors, past and present, of Virginia.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is
growing enlightened. In 1847, I think, a law
was passed by Massachusetts repealing that which
prohibited the intermarriage of blacks and whites
I presume that when the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States was adopted, such prohibition existed
in every State and Territory of the Union. It
existed in Massachusetts, and, so existing, the
gentleman will readily understand there was a
necessity for it. We have been governed by the
same policy. We desired to preserve, as fa as
we could, the white race from contamination.
We did not wish it defiled and depreciated. It
may suit other States to remove such prohibi-
tions, because they wish to try experiments as
to the equality of races.
And how stands the grand experiment in Hayti?
A perfect failure. How stands it m Jamaica., that
stupendous monument of British folly ? Hear the
great organ of England, the London Times;
"There is no blinking the tiuth. Years of bitter experi-
ence—jears of hope deferred, of self-devotion unrequited,
ol poverty, of humiliation, of prayers unanswered, of suf-
ferings derided, of insults uniesented, of contumely pa-
tiently endured—have convinced us of the truth. It must
be spoken out, loudly and energetically, despite the wild
mockmgs of ' howling cant.5 The freed West Indianegro
slave will not till the soil tor wages; the free son of the
ex-slave is as obstinate as his sire. Ho will cultivate lands
which he has not bought, foi his own yams, mangoes, and
plantains. These satisfy his wants; he does not care for
yours. Cotton and sugar and coffee and tobacco—he cares
little forthem. And what matters it to him that the English-
man has sunk his thousands and tensofthousamlsonmills,
machinery, &c., which now totter on the languishing estate
that, for years, has only rcturnndbeggary and debt. lie eats
his yams, and sniggers at 'Buckra.'
" We know not why this should be; but it is so. The
negro has been bought with a price, the price of English
taxation and English toil. He has been' redeemed fiom
bondage' by the sweat and travfcilof some millions ofhaid-
working Englishmen. Twenty million pounds sterling—
$100,000,000—have been distilled iioin the biainsand mus-
cles of the lice English laborei, of eveiy degree, to lashion
the West India negro into a 'fieeand independent laborer.'
•' Free and independent' enough lie has become, God knows;
but laborer he is not, and, i-o far as we can see, he never
will be. He will sing hymns and quote texts, but honest,
steady industry he not only detests hut despises. We wish
to heaven that some people in England—neither Govern-
ment people, nor parsons, noi clergymen—but some just-
minded, honest-hearted, and clear-sighted men, would go
out to some of the islands—say Jamaica, Dominica, or An-
tigua, not for a month or three months, but foi a year—
would watch the pteeious protege of English philanthiopy,
the freed ncgio, m his daily habits; would watch him as he
lazily plants his'little squatting; would sec him as he pioudly
rejects agrienltinal oi domestic service, or accepts it only at
wages ludiciously dispiopomonate to the value of his work.
We wish, too, they would watch him while, with a hide
thicker than that of a hippopotamus, and a body to which
fervid heat is a comfort rather than an annoyance, he dron-
ingly lounges oven the prescnbcd task, on which the intrepid
Englishman, uninurcd to the burning sun, consumes his im-
patient energy, and too often sacrifices his life. We wish
they would go outand view the negro in all the blazonry of
his idleness, his pride, his ingratitude, contemptuously
sneering at the industry of that raeo which made him free,
and then come home and teach the memorable lesson of
then experience to the fanatics who have perverted him
into what lie is.''
Again, the same paper says:
" The worthy men who extinguished slavery and ruined
our West India possessions are veiy touchy, very obstinate,
veiy incontrovertible on that tender point. It is not our
business to deny them much justice and truth on then
side, or to stand up for the planters who took a line which
repelled all reasonable advocacy. But, confessedly, taking
that grand summary view of the question which we cannot
help taking after a quaiter of a century, the process was a
failure; it destroyed an immense pioperty, ruined thou-
sands of good families, degraded the negroes still lower
than they were, and, after all, increased the mass of slavery
in less scrupulous hands."'
And the States which are enriched by our in-
dustry refuse the admonitions of history, andlabor
to bring upon fifteen States of this Union the
utter destruction but feebly expressed in the above
truthful articles. Nor is this all. Even in Can-
ada, the "city of refuge" for the passengers of
the underground railroad, murmurs are being
heard, and even her courts are beginning to tire
of the annoyance. JHear:
" A Movement aoain'st^egroes in Canada.—By the
proceedings of the court of assizes of Essex county, Can-
ada, it appear-* that the grand jmy have made a presentment
to the court, based upon a representation emanating from
tlv authentic-* of the township of Anderdon, inregaid to
the negro population of the county. The grand jury submit
the document that was presented to them to the court, and
urge that some action be taken in the matter. The Ander-
don authorities say: 4 We are aware that nine tenths of
the crimes committed in the county of Essex, according to
the population, are so committed bv the colored people.'
And they imther uigc £ that some measures may be taken
by the Government to protect us and oui propeitv, ot per-
sons of capital will be driven irom the country.' The court,
in alluding to this piesentinent, remaiked that che was not
sin prised at finding a prejudice existing against them (the
liegioe?) among the icppectable portion of the people, tor
they were indolent, shiftless, and dishonest, and unworthy
of the sympathy that some mistaken parties extended to
them; they would not woik when oppoitunity was pre-
sented, butpreferred subsisting by thievmgfiomiespectable
faimers, and begging trom those benevolently inclined.'"
In the face of such demonstrations, why are we
thus unceasingly annoyed? Many slaves, freed
by their owners, prefer to return to slavery. Not
a few enticed away return to their masters. John
Brown acknowledged he was deceived as to the
feelings of the slaves. Not one voluntarily joined
him, and not one would raise his hand against
his master.
John E. Cook, in a letter to his mother-in-law,
referring to the Harper's Ferry invasion, says:
£k Tt had been represented to me and my comrades that
when once the banner of fieedom should be raised, they
would flock to it by thousands: and that their echoing
shout of freedom would be borne by the breeze to our most
southern shore, to tell of freedom there.
" I gave heart and band to a work which I deemed anoble
and hoiy cause. The result has provecrthat we were de-
ceived ; that the masses of the slaves did not wish for free-
dom. There was no rallying beneath our banner. We
were left to meet the conflict all alone, to dare, and do, and
die. Twelve of my companions ai e sleeping now with the
damp mold over them, and five are inmates of these prison
walls."
Every step taken against slavery has retarded
the amelioration of the slave. The late foray will,
sooner or later, end the free negroes as a class.
They will bo the free inhabitants of the free States,
or voluntary slaves in the South. But one or the
other is inevitable.
The follow
Commerce:
"The Cruelty of Abolitionism.—The slavery excite-
ment, so much intensified by late events in Virginia, is react-
ing with crushing effect upon the free blacks of the South.
Louisiana and Arkansas have already passed laws for the
exclusion of this class of population from their respective
limits; and, more recently, the subject has come promi-
nently before the Legislatures of six other States: namely,
South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee, Virginia,
and Missouri. In the State last named, and also in Georgia,
a bill to compel the free colored population to leave the
State or be enslaved has passed the upper branch. These
are the alternatives presented in eveiy instance, so far as
we arc infoimed, and a determination is evinced to rid the
States named of a class who are now considered as dan-
gei ous, from their liability to be employed by designing men,
as agents for propagating insurrections. Thus, by the in-
sane folly of Abolitionism, the progress of emancipation is
arrested tlyough the entire South, and a large class, em-
bracing many worthy people who have been liberated,
often at a heavy pecuniary sacrifice on the part of masters,
are returned to a condition of servitude, or driven from
their homes. All the negroes ever spirited off by the un-
derground lailroad and sent to Canada, or dispersed over
the northern States, are few in comparison With those who
ate now threatened with oppressive legal enactments. The
subtenanean operators who have been so industrious in
necking to evade the obligations of the Constitution, and
break <town laws essential to the preservation of social
order, find that they have been £ saving at the spigot and
losing at the bung-hole.' To sljow more pieciselv the legis-
lation contemplated, we will here state some of the pro-
visions of the bills under discussion:
" The Georgia bill, introduced m the Senate, is designed *
to compel all free colored persons to leave the State by
January, 1862. Any person of this class desiring to remain
can do so by selling himself into slavery to any citizen
whom he may select; the purchase money to go into the
treasuiy of the county, to pay the expenses of those who
prefer to leave. This measure is regarded by many in the
State as unnecessarily seyere. The Augusta Constitution-
alist says :
"< We believe that they ought eventually to disappear as
an element in our population, and that measures should
bo taken at once, under the operation of which the State
eventually would be rid of them; but we do not believe
that there is any necessity for their summary and forced
expatriation.'
"The number of free negroes in Georgia is only three
thousand three hundred.
"The bill which has passed the lower branch of the
Mississippi Legislatuie, with only five dissenting votes, and
is likely to become a law, is still more rigorous. By this, no
free negro can remain in the State after the 1st of July next,
without a special license from the Legislature. In the mean
time he ha-s an opportunity to select a master, who shall
hold him for life.
« The bill which has passed the Senate of Missouri-
ayes 22, nays 10—is of the same general character. It
compels all free negroes to leave the State, irrespective of
age or length of residence.
"The bill pending before the Legislature of Tennessee
provides that all free adult negroes shall be seized and sold
if found in the Slate on the lht of May next, and that the
children shall be bound out. The former are allowed to
emigrate to Africa, in which ease some slight aid is to be
furnished by the State, or they may seek a master and go
into slavery.
" To such extremities as these are a naturally inoffensive
people reduced, or likely to be reduced, solely through the
impertinent interference of their piofessed friends of the
North, whose assaults-upon the social system of the South
have made this species ot legislation necessary, in the opin-
ion of those most deeply interested, as a measure of self-
protection."
"Why, then, have wn been so constantly an-
noyed ? Gentlemen speak familiarly of " the ag-
gressions of the slave power." I should like to
know how the weaker can oppress the stronger
power.
It may be that gentlemen will say that we pur-
chased Louisiana. I would like to hear a gentle-
man denounce that measure. It may be that they
will say we were instrumental in purchasing the
Floridas. X would like to hear any one denounce
its acquisition. It may be that the acquisition of
Texas was wrong. I would like to see any one
rise up here and announce that that measure was
an aggression of the slave power. It may be
that the Mexican war, with its attendant conse-
quences—the acquisition of California, and all the
other territory acquired—was wrong; but I would
like to hear any gentleman rise in his place and
