268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 27,
tell the American people that that was an aggres-
sion of the slave power, a measure fraught with
immeasurable v^lue, not to this Union alone, but
to the world.
Mr. Clerk, I have thus adverted to these things;
and now one word more. Gentlemen are trying,
as did Mr. Seward in his celebrated Rochester
speech, to fasten upon the South the effort to re-
vive the system of slave importations. Sir, I tell
the country here, and I say it without hesitation,
that there is no party, as such, in favor of such a
policy in the South. There are gentlemen here and
there who would favor it; but let rnc tell gentle-
men that, if there has been such an idea as that
awakened in the South, it has been in consequence
of the studied, deliberate, and constant assaults
upon the South by gentlemen of the free States.
Sir, I confess I remember the solemn warnings
of Jefferson and of Madison, to be found in their
several letters heretofore read to the House, under
the trying circumstances which surround us, with
apprehension and alarm. I confess I am almost
without hope when I see great parties, with their
ablest men, diligently engage in inflaming section
against section, andpoisonmg and embittering the
relations of brethren who should be bound to each
other " with hooks of steel." Early instructed
by the Father of our Country to " frown indig-
nantly on-the first dawning of every attempt to
alienate any portion of our country from the lest,
or enfeeble the ties which now link together the
various parts," I confess I view with but little
patience the traitorous efforts of the great chief of
Black Republicanism to break the Union of these
States.
But, Mr Clerk, I will "hope on, hope ever."
From the glorious meetings which are being held all
over the country pour the spring-tide of patriotic
feelings. The voters of the free States will stay
the rush of mad fanaticism, stamp under their
heels the plottings of treason, and vindicate the
memories of their sires by the preservation of their
great and glorious work. The Union men of Phil-
adelphia recently presented to the Legislature of
Virginia the noble Hag which floated over them
at then* recent jubilee, which was accepted in the
following beautiful terms:
"That wo gratefully accopt this beautiful jjiH: as a 10-
newed evidence of the devoted patriotism of ttiat heroic
band of northern conservatives who have so long main-
lamed an unequal contest with the a^ailants of our lights
and the enemies of our peace, and that, wheirvri lottune
may invite or fate impel us in the tutuie, Virginia will
cherish with affectionate gratitude the memoir of those w ho
so bravely encounter the howns ot taction,"and t.o nobly
defy the tuiy of fanaticism."
Yes, gentlemen, the South is willing to take the
compact of these States as it was agreed upon.
We are willing to stand by the Union ns it was
formed, we are willing to perform all our duties
under it; butl say, gentlemen, if you drive us to it
by your continued aggressions, we are a people
sufficiently strong to be uble to protect ourselves
against any power, rome whence it may, whether
if.be from foes without or foes within; and wo
will do it, so help us God.
During the drhveiy ui" Air. Smith's speech,
the following procc< dmg« took place:
MESSAGE FJtOM TIIJ3 PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was here received from
the President of the Uniiod States by jAMjcb Buch-
anan, jr., his Private Seurtary.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, i move that the
message be received by the Clerk, and that it he
upon the table.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move fo
amend the motion. I move thatit be received and
read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I accept the mod-
ification.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 13ARKSDALE. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say that I am m
favor of the motion of the gentleman from New
York, that the message be received and laid upon
the Clerics table, or deposited with him until the
organization of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. That motion was modified so
as to provide that the message should be received
and read. " *
Mr. STANTON. I am aware of that, but I
am uppo&ed io th'j leading of the menage now.
Mr. NOELL. What objection can the gentle-
man have to having it read ?
Mr. STANTON. There are no precedents in
the history of this country for the reading of a
message in advance of the organization of the
House by the election of a Speaker.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I think the gentleman
from Ohio is mistaken.
Mr. STANTON. I was aboutto state the pro-
ceedings which occurred in the Thirty-Fourth
Congress.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My impression is that
the message was read then.
Mr. GROW. The Clerk then kept the mes-
sage until the organization of the House.
Mr. STANTON. There is no prcccdent of a
message being .sent to the House in advance of its
organization by the election of a Speaker and the
sending of a message tg the President informing
him that the House was organized and was ready
to receive any communication ho might be pleased
to make, except m the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
In the Thirty-Fourth Congress, in advance of the
organization of the House, President Pierce sent
in his annual message to the House. When it
was received here, a motion was made that the
message be delivered into the custody of the Clerk,
to be kept by him until the House should be or-
ganized and ready to proceed to business. The
motion was carried. That action was based upon
the idea that the House is incompetent to trans-
act any business before its organization by the
election of a Speaker. The receipt of a message
is business; the reading of it is business; and it
presupposes a capacity in the House to act upon
the message itself, after being read; the disposing
of it, the committing it to a Committee of the
Whole, or such other disposition of it as the
House might sec fit.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I withdraw
my modification.
Mr.JOXIN COCHRANE. I then insist upon
my motion as originally made.
Mr. NOELL. Has not any member a light to
have a paper read for information? [Cries of
"No!" "No!"]
The motion of Mr. John Cochrane was agreed
to.
Mr. STANTON. I behove there was a motion
adopted that there be a call of the House. I ask
that that motion be withdrawn.
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
call will be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
THE SPEAKERSHIP—-AGAIN.
Mr. SMfTU, of Virginia, having concluded,
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will yield tlie floor to me for a moment, I de-
sire to oflrr a resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move that the
House proceed to another ballot, if the gentleman
will yield me the floor for that purpose.
EEPOHI 01' THE SECIIETAY OF TUB TREASCKl'.
The CLERK. Before the question is put upon
that motion the Clerk desires to state that a doc-
ument from the Treasury Department lias been
laid upon his desk this morning purporting to be
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury
upon the condition of the finances. The Clerk
desires to know what disposition shall be made
of if.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that it be received and
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION.
Mr. KILGORE. I desire to have an error cor-
rected in the report in the Globe of the colloquy
between the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
and myself yesterday. I am reported as saying:
" Will the sjrntleman permit me to a-k lum, if Confess
has powm, under the Constitution, to restrict or limit the
intioductiou of siavciy into the Teriitoiies, would not that
necessarily include a power to prohibit it?"
The gentleman responded "It would." That
answer is omitted in the report. Then follows
this second interrogatory without the intervening
answer:
" Then, what disposition will the gentleman make of the
act ot lb04, ouranizing the Temtoiy oi Orleans, appiovcd
by Mr. Jefferson ?*'
That second question followed the answer of the
gentleman from Virginia to my first interrogatory.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have not heard
distinctly what the gentleman said to-day, nor did
I yesterday. But if he says that I admitted the
power of Congress to prohibit slavery in the Ter-
ritories, I disclaim it most unequivocally. [Cries
of "Vote!" " Vote!" and great confusion.]
Mr. WILSON. I move that the House pro-
ceed to another ballot for Speaker.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
TEMPORARY ORGANIZATION.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order to offer
a resolution?
The CLERK. It would not, as the House has
ordered that there be a call of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to offer a resolution,
and ask that it may be read for information-
Several Members. Let us hear it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object to the re-
ception of the resolution, for the reason that 1
know it will give rise to a long controversy.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, I ask that my res-
olution maybe read for information, saying that,
if it shall be received, I shall propose to till the
blank before it is acted on.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That   be, and be is hereby, chosen
Speaker ot the House of Repiescntatlves for the ten days
next ensuing the adoption of tins rcsoliftion, and that noth-
ing shall be m order 111 the House diuing that time except
to adjourn, to receive the President's message, and order
the same to he punted, and to act upon and pass a bill or
bills appiopriating money to meet the deficiencies and lia-
bilities of the Post Office Department. The said Speaker
so elected shall receive only the compensation of a mem-
ber of tins House ; and. at the end of the silk1 time, or as soon
as said appropriation bili shall become a law, the office of
Speakci shall be vacant, and the House shall, under ex-
isting lawo, proceed to the election of Speaker.
Messrs. Buffinton, Bingham, and other gen-
tlemen on the Republican side of the House,
objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want the reporters of the
Griobe to note the fact thot the objection comes
from the Black Republican side of the House;
from these gentlemen who pretend such sympa-
thy for the mail contractors. This resolution tests
their sincerity.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Wc want to
elect a Speaker for the whole term, and wc pro-
pose to do it.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Me.^-rs. Barr, Brown, Carter, Horace F. Clark, Clark B.
Coeluane, James Ciaig, Dimmick, Hawkins, Hickman,
Jenkins, Landiuni, Longneckei, Maclay, Milhvard, IVIoor-
head, Nixon. Kust, Sedgwick, Siekles, Statlwoith, Stevens,
Stevenson, VanWjok, Oadwalader U. Washburn, Wiute-
i ley. and Wood.
| "Mr. STANTON. Mr. Clerk, I Have paired off
i with Mr. Horace E. Clark until twelve o'clock
j on Friday next. As this 'vpair5' has been the
I subject of some comment, I desire, with the per-
I mission of the House, to moke a remark or two
i about u. On Saturday last, Mr. Clark came to
mo and said that he was very desirous of being
absent a few days, for the purpose of visiting his
mother, who was lying sick in the city of New
York. That owing to the peculiar position which ho
occupied in relation to the election of Speaker, he
found it difficult to get a pair. That he should
continue to vote as he had been doing, and there-
fore could only pair with a supporter of Mr.
Sherman. Although I regietted a« much as any
one the course Mr. Clauk has deemed it his duty
to pursue, i did not consider it my niovuiee to sit
in judgment upon his motives or his acts, and
could not find any reason for refusing to extend
to him the courtesies due to a political opponent.
If my friends are not satisfied with my course, 1
cannot help it.
The absentees were called, and the following
pairs were announced:
Mr. Barr with Mr. Van Wvek. Mr. Carter with Air.
Landrum. Mr. Horace F. Clark with Mr. Stanton. Mr.
Claik B. Cochrane with Mi. Jenkins. Mr James Ceng
with Mr. Stevens. Mr. Dimmick with Mr. Hickman. Mr.
Hawkins with Mr. Morse. Mr. Maclay with Mr. Sedsj-
wick. Mr. Millward with Mr. Garnett. Mr i^tt.ven.-on
with Mr. Nixon. Mr. Kust with Mr. Wood. Mi Sickles
with Mi. Killinser. Mr. Whitelcy with Mi. McPherson.
Further proceedings vinder the call were then
dispensed with.
TWENTY-SECOND BALLOT FOIt SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to the twenty-second bal-
lot for Speaka*, with the following result: Whole
