2232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
fugitives from the old thirteen States, and made
no provision for the return of a fugitive slave from
any State of the Union except from the old thir-
teen, showing' th&t they intended to go no further
in this matter than they felt themselves bound to
go by their constitutional obligations. This is
the article. I will read it:
^Art.,6. There shall be neither slavery nor involun-
tary servitude in the said Territory, otherwise than in pun-
ishment of crimes, whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted: Provided always, That any person escaping into
the same, from whom labor or service is lawfully claimed
in any one of the original States, such fugitive may be law-
fully reclaimed and conveyed to the person claiming his or
her labor or service as aforesaid."
This, I think, throws a great deal of light upon
what these men meant. They confined this pro-
vision to the thirteen original States, and they did
not mean to extend it any further. It was their
intention, by the very formation of thisordinance,
for which the Representatives of every southern
State voted, that this provision in regard to the
return of fugitive slaves from the Northwestern
Territory should be narrowed down to the nar-
rowest possible limit; and that if new States com-
ing into the Union chose to have slaves, they did
not mean by the provisions of this ordinance to
provide any mode or measure by which they
might be reclaimed from the teiritory northwest
of the Ohio river.
Mr. BENJAMIN obtained the floor.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator from Louisi-
ana allow me a few moments, to set myself right
with the Senator from New Hampshire ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PCJGH. J did not intend to enter into this
discussion at all; but the Senator from New Hamp-
shire asked me a question yesterday afternoon,
and I gave him the best answer 1 could according
to my information; and this morning he turned
around unkindly, apd said that I had misinformed
him. Now, I wish to show the Senator that he
is utterly mistaken in the new information that
he has derived, and that he -had better have been
satisfied with that which I gave him. I might
tell the Senator, to begin with, that the ordinance
of 1787 never was popular in the Northwestern
Territory; that the Territorial Legislature of Ohio
was broken up by a mob at one time, when they
undertook to prevent the formation of a State
constitution; that the constitution of Ohio was
formed over the head of the territorial govern-
ment. The reason was, that, under that form of
government, the people had no chance at all. No
man could be a voter unless he owned a large
quantity of real estate; and in those days there
were not those convenient subdivisions of the
public lands we now have. A very large real
property qualification in lee-simple was required
for a member of the territorial House of Repie-
sentatives. The House of Representatives pro-
posed so many persons for councilors, and the
President of the United States, with the advice
and consent of the Senate, picked the councilors
out, and the Governor had an absolute veto over
everything, and the right to dissolve the Legisla-
ture or prorogue it, at any time. The Governor
was a Federalist of the highest stamp—Arthur
St. Clair—and he ruled that people with a rod of
iron; and the whole history of Ohio, as a Terri-
tory, is full of continued remonstrances of her
people against that ordinance; and all the glory it
has derived is since it has ceased to be in opera-
tion. It has been deemed expedient to revive it,
and give it some sort of beatification, for the ben-
efit of the Abolition party. I am sure my friend
from Oregon and my friend fiom Indiana, if he
were here in his seat, would bear me out in say-
ing that it was the most unpopular measure all
the time. In the first place, it never was legally
passed. The Articles of Confederation provide:
"Art. 11. Canada, acceding to tin** Confederation,and
joining in tlie measures of the United State-*, shall be ad-
mitted into and entitled to ail the advantages ot this Union ;
but no other colony shall be admitted into the  ame unless
such admission bt agreed to by nine States"
The ordinance of 1787 did provide for the ad-
mission of new States in express terms, and with-
out further legislation. The State of Ohio was ad-
mitted after she had formed her constitution, with-
out any resolution or act admitting her formally
into the Union; and there never has been any to tins
day. It was done on the advice of a committee of
the Senate that, under the.terms of the ordinance
of 1787, when she had once formed her State con-
stitution, she was a State of the Union, and she
sent her State constitution here, and, on proof of
.that fact, her Senators were sworn and admitted.
Now, 1 say the ordinance only received the votes
of eight States; and Mr. Madison declared in the
Federalist, in two places, that the act was void.
That was the first difficul ty that always did beset it.
But, sir, m reference to the prohibition of sla-
very: I understood the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to say yesterday that there were never any
slaves in the Northwestern Territory. I told him
that the only settlements within the district of
country, covered by the ordi nance at the time of its
passage, were slaveholding settlements. Those
were Detroit, Vmcennes, and Kaskaskia—one m
Michigan, one m Indiana, and one in Illinois;
and the Senator, instead of accepting the fact, the
pregnant fact, shown by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis,] attempts to escape from it;
and what is that fact ? Why, that on the 12th
day of February, 1793, the first fugitive slave act
passed under the Constitution of the United States
provides for the rendition of fugitive slaves from
the Northwestern Territory. Here it is:
" Sec. 0. That when a peibon held to labor35—
Not service, hut labor; the same phrase applied
in every State—
"That when a person held to labor in anyone of the
United States, or in either of the Teriitones on the noith-
vvest,or south of the hut Ohio, under the laws thereof"—
Under the lawsof the Northwestern Territory—
"shall escape into any other of the said States? oi Teiritoiies,
the person to whom such sei vice or laboi may be due, ins
agent or attorney, is hereby empowered to seize or auest
such fugitive ftom laboi," kc.
Now, sir, did the Congress of the United States
know in the year 1703 wh.it the fact was? If the
Senator wants more proof, I will give it Jo him.
I read from the American State Papery, Public
Lands, volume one, Fourth Congress, first ses-
sion:
" Communicated to the House of Representatives, May 12,
17'JG.
" Mr. CotT, from the committee to whom was referred
the petition of John Edgar and otheis, in b-'half of the in-
habitants o£thc counties ot St. Clan and Randolph, m the
Illinois country, made tlio following rcpoit:
" That the petittoneis pray lor some alteration or modi-
fication of thatpaitof the ordinance of Congress, passed
on the 13th day of July, 1787, lot the government of the
territory of the United States northwest of the uver Ohio,
which declares it is one of the 1 aiticies of compact between
the original States and the people and States m the said
Territory, and forever to remain unalterable, unless by com-
mon consent, that there shall be neither slavery nor invol-
untaiy servitude in the said Teintoiy.' "
They prayed the abrogation of that article. On
what ground did the committee dismiss it? Here
it is, and here is all they say:
"The petitioners being only four in number, and pro-
ducing no power b> which they claim to petition, even in
behali of the inhabitants of the said counties, and no evi-
dence appearing of the wishes of the km of the inhabitants
ol the said counties, and your committee having infonna-
tion that an alteration of the oidmanoe, in the manner
prayed for by the petitioners, \youkl be disagreeable to
many of the inhabitants of the said Teuitoiy, they have
conceived it needless to enter into any consideration of
the policy of the vneasuie ; being persuaded that, if it could
be admissible under any circumstances, a paitial applica-
tion, like the present, could not be listened to: they aic,
therefore, of opinion tfi.it this part ot the piayer of the pc-
tion ought not to be granted."
Now, hero is the petition. Perhaps the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull]—I do not
see him in his seat—ean tell us who the signers
were—John Edgar, William Morrison, William
St. Clair, John Dumonhn. They were early
settlers m the Kaskaskia country. The petition
is dated Kaska.skia, January 12, 1776'. Here is
their statement of fact:
" To ike Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slate? of Jlmcrica in Congress assembled:
" The humble petition of the inhabitants of the counties
of St. Clair and Randolph, in the Illinois, country, respect-
fully ^howeth : that the sixth aiticle of compact contained
in the ordinance of Cotigies^of J787, for the government of
the Territory northwest of thy Ohio, which declares £ that
there shall be neither siaveiy nor involuntary seivitude in
the said Territory, otherwise than m the punishment of
cnmes,' is, aa your petitioners humbly conceive, not only
contiary to the promise and assurances made them on be-
half of the Slate of Virginia, by the then Colonel, aftei wards
Diuradier General, George Rogeis Clark, on ins taking pos-
sesion of thi< country, m the name of the said State, whose
troops lie then commanded, but abo contiary to an expiess
fundamental principle in all free countries, Hhatnoeapos/
facto laws should ever be made.' "
They did not petition that time; they used very
strong language. They go on:
" Your petitioners then were, and now are, possessed of
a number of slaves, which the article above recited seems I
to deprive them of (perhaps inadvertently) without their i
consent or concurrence. It may be said, as is the better
opinion, that all such as were slaves at the date of that or-
dinance, are to continue so during their lives ; but then it
is also said that the issue, of such slaves, born after that pe-
riod, aie to be absolutely free. Your petitioners, however,
humbly contend that such after-born issue aie as much
slaves as those born before, because the ownei-s of their
parents have, and, as your petitioners humbly conceive,,
always had, as fixed and incontiovertiblc a light to, and
interest in, the future issue and increase of such slaves, as
they have to the slaves themselves. That, notwithstand-
ing the articles of the said ordinance are said to be 4 arti-
cles of compact between the original States and the people
and States of said territory,' n is, however, a truth that
they were made, ex parte, by the original States only; lor
sure your petitioner are that, if the people then in the ter-
ritory had been called upon to make such compact, they
never would have conoented to enter into one that would
deprive them of their most valuable property.
" Your petitioners humbly hope they will not be thought
presumptuous in ventuii'ig to di&appioveot the article con-
cerning slavery in toto, as contraly not only to the interest,
but almost to the existence of the countiy they inhabit,
where laboreis cannot be procured, to assist in cultivating
the giuunds, under one dollar pei day, exclusive of wash-
ing, lodging, and boaiding, and vvhTc every kind of trades-
men are paid fiom a dollar and ahalfto two dollars per day;
neither is there, at these exorbitant prices, a sufficiency of
hand? to be got for the exigencies of the inhabitants, who,
attached to their native soil, have rather chosen to encounter
these and many other difficulties, than, by avoiding them,
remove to the Spanish dominions where slavery permit-
ted, and consequently tiie price of labor much lower.
u Your petitioners do not wish to increase the number of
slaves already m the dominions ot the United States; ail
they hope for or desiie is, that they maybe pcimilted to in-
troduce, from any of the United States, such person-*, and
such only, as by the laws of such States aieslaves therein.
Tins request your petitioners humbly hope will not be ob-
jected to as unreasonable, even by the greatest opposers to
jJavery, seeing they do not pi ay for the introduction of any
foier u slaves into the Territory."
Now, sir, is the Senator satisfied that that is
what they wanted> I told him that that was their
petition, and this is the first of the series. .Now
comes their argument—the constitutional argu-
ment, or at least the legal argument, on which the
Territorial Legislatures in Indiana and Illinois
passed the very legislation of which the Senator
from Oregon spoke. Here is the argument they
made for it, as a proposition of law; and it will
trouble some lawyers, at least, to answer it:
"It is laid down by Klackstone, in his Commentaries,
vol. I, pp. 424, 425, 'that a slave or negro, the moment he
lands in England, becomes a freeman; that is. the law will
protect lam ut the enjoyment ot his person and pioperty.
Yet, with regard to any right which the master may have
acquired to the perpetual service of John or Thomas, this
will remain exactly In the same state as befme; for this is
no more than tne game state of subjection for life, which
every apprentice submits to for the space ol seven years, or
sometimes for a longer term. And whatsoever service a
negioowed to his American master, the same is lie bound to
rehdei when brought to England.' It may, then, be clearly
deduced fiom the above authority that any person purchas-
ing, or othei wise acquiring, a slave m any of the States, is
entitled to his perpetual service in this Territory as u ser-
vant ; but, as a diversity may happen m the opinions of dif-
ferent judges, your petitioners therefore humbly desire and
request, should it, in the wisdom of Congress", be thought
•inadvisable to repeal the article concerning slavery in toto,
that a law may be passed declaratory of the above maxim
laid down by Blackstone, but under such regulations as
may be thought necessary ; and that, in such ease, it ma/
be thereby declared how far, or for what period of time, the
masters of servants are to be enutlcd to the service of the
ehildienof paients born during such servitude, as an indem-
nity foi the expense of bunging them up in their Infancy."—
Jlmericun State Papers,class 8, Public Lands, vol. 1, p. 6$.
That was the first petition; and it will be ob-
served that the committee dismissed it on the
ground that it appeared by no authority. What
was the next step? In December, 1802, while the
constitutional convention of Ohio was in session,
a convention met which was called by the Terri-
torial Legislature of Indiana, which then included
all the rest of the Territory — certainly all the
present States of Indiana and Illinois. The Legis-
lature called a convention of delegates, to be elected
by the people of the Territory; and those delegates
were elected by the people of the Territory, and
met, I think, in December, 1802—elected from
every county in the Territory; and "William Henry
Harrison was the president of the convention, and
the delegate from the county of Knox; and there,
in the name of the people of the Territory, in order
to avoid the objection that had been made, they
implored Congress to stiike thai clause out of the
ordinance of 1787. That was the petition from
which the Senator from New Hampshire read
paragraphs. lie said they did not talk like people
demanding their rights; they used the phrases
" humbly pray," and "respectfully suggest,"
just as they used to be employed in an old biil in
chancery—all sorts of courteous phrases, but
they were in decided earnest. He said, and my
friend from Oregon fell into that mistake, that
