1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
number of votes cast, SOS; necessary to a choice,
105; of which—
Mr. Sherman received 101
Mr. Scott  17
Mr. Houston  15
Mi. Gilmer  14
Mr. Bocock .  14
Mr. Maclay  12
Mr. Vance  7
Mr. John G. Davis  5
Mr. Branch  4
Mr. Vallandighain  2
Mr. Pendleton  2
Mr. Briggs    2
Mr. Barksdale  2
Mr. Stevenson  2
Mr. Woodson  1
Mr. Green Adams  1
Mr. lliggs  1
Mr. PugU  1
Mr. Phelps  1
Mr. McQueen  1
Mr. Hardeman  1
Mr. Maynard  1
Mr. Jackson  1
So there was no choice.  
The following is the vote in detail;
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Cnarles P. Adams, Aldiicli,
Alley, Ashley, Rabbin, Beale, Bingham, Clan, Blake, Bray-
ton, Bufiinton, Buihngamc, Burnharu, Burroughs, Butter-
field, Campbell, Carey, Case, Colfax, Conkhng, Corwm,
Covodc, Cuius, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edjrerton,
Edwards', Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferrv, Foster,
Frank, French, Goocli, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Ilall,
Haskin, Helmick, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutebnis, Irvine,
Junkin, Francis W Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyan,
Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis,
Lovcjoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Edwaid Jov Moms, Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Pcny,
Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Christophei Robms.on,
Royce, Selivvaitz, Seranton, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner,
William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Tbajer, Tlieaker,
Tompkins, Tram, Trimble, Vandever, Veirec, Wade, Wai-
dron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, and
Wcodiuff.
For Mr. Scott—Messi^.Baiksdale, Barrett, Boyee, Branch,
Burch, Burnett, Edmund>on,« Fouke, Houston, Jackrou,
Larrabee, Elb'nt S. Maitm. Sjdonb'am Moore, Peyton^
William Smith, Stout, and Wright •
For Mr. Houston—Me=srs. John B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cooper, Davidson, Florence, Hughes,
Leake, Logan, McCiernand, Isaac N. Morns, Phelps,
Houston, and Wmslow.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. Green Adam?, William C. An-
derson, Bouhgny, Biabson, Bnggs, Bilstow, II. Wmtei
Davis, Ethendge, J. Morrison Harris, Hatton, Maiiory,
Nelson, Quarles, and Stokes.
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Clemens, Burton Craige, Craw-
ford, Curry, Reuben Davis, Garticll, Hmdman, Jones, Kun-
kcl, Love, Rnffin, Seott, Simms, and Thomas.
For Mr. Maclay—Messrs. AMimoie, Avery, Bonliam,
Kent, Lamar, MeKae,Miles, Millson, Prjoi,Reagan,Tay-
lor, and Underwood.
For Mr. Vmice—Alessis. Bocock, Ilaideman, James M.
Leach, Maynaid, Laban T. Moore, William N. 11. Smith,
and Webster.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Messrs Adrain, Montgomery,
Reynolds, Rsirgs, and James C. Robinson.
For Mr. Branch—Messrs. Howard, Chailes D. Martin,
Pendleton, and Vallandigham.
For Mr. Vallandigham—Messrs. Do Jarnette and English.
For Mr. Pendleton—Messrs. Alien and Cos.
For Mr. Brings—Messin. Gilnn-r and Hill.
For Mr Barksdale—Messrs Hamilton and John T. Harris.
For Mr. Stevenson—Me-isr-i. Ilolman and Niblack.
For Mr. Woodson—Mr. Thomas L. Anderson.
For Mr. Grccri Jldams—Mr. Bottler.
For Mr. Rizgs—Mr. John G. Davis.
For Mr. Fugli—Mr. McQueen.
For Mr. Phelps—Mr. Moell.
For Mr. McQ,uecn—Mr. Pugh.
For Mr. Hardeman—Mi. Vance.
For Mr. Maynard—Mi. Woodson.
For Mr. Jackson—Mr. James A. Stewart.
Mr. WINSLOW moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes to four o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, December 28, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. Morsell.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TIIE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK. The question before the House
is upon the admissibility of the resolution of the
gentlemanfromNorth Carolina, [Mr. Winslow,]
presented on Thursday last; and on that question
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Morris] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. RUST. I ask the gentleman to yield to
mo for a few moments.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. RUST. Mr. Clerk, five years ago I, for
the first time, became a candidate for a seat upon
this floor. Believing, as I did, that the discussion
of the question of slavery, and every question
connccted with or growing out of it, could be at-
tended with no possible good to one section or
the other of this Union; believing that, so far as
the South was concerned, the argument had been
exhausted, and that her rights under the Consti-
tution, with reference to it, were above and be-
yond debate; and feeling, sir, that the only posi-
tion which, with honor, she could assume, was
one of calm and dignified silence, with resolute
and effective preparation to respond to any future
and further aggression, not by words, not by ar-
gument and remonstrance, but by action, and
action of the most significant character, I volun-
tarily pledged my word to my constituents that
while honored with a seat upon this floor 1 would
never participate in any debate at all sectional in
its character; but, owing to events which have
recently transpired, and the relations of the differ-
ent parties in this House, with rcferencc to each
other, and particularly the attitude which one
member occapies toward all the rest, I feel ab-
solved from that pledge.
Within the last few weeks, almost in view of
this Capitol, the most atrocious crimes that have
ever disgraced the history of our country, and
brought discredit upon our form of Government,
have been perpetrated, and a number of members
upon this floor, in the absence of an explanation
yet to be made, stand convicted, by the current
fiistory of the times before the country and before
the world, of complicity in them. "Sfes, sir, one
of the most extraordinary men of this ago, or of
any a«*e; extraordinary for the atrocity, the mul-
titude, and magnitude of his crimes, after long
and deliberate preparation invaded one of the sov-
ereign States of this Confederacy for the avowed
purpose of subverting hergovernment; fomenting
civil and servile strife among her citizens; mur-
dering them and robbing them and destroying
that domestic tranquillity and sense of security of
hfi1, which was one of the chief objects for which
this Union was created; a number of his acces-
sories before the fact arc now members of this
House, and one of them is deemed by all his Re-
publican colleagues, and a few who are Republi-
can in everything but name, as a proper person
to preside over its deliberations.
Now, Mr. Clerk, while there may be but little
method in the few remarks which I pioposo to
submit, in tin- present temper of the House, then-
brevity may be some atonement for whatever
objections they may be obnoxious to in other
respects.
There is one feature of this infamous produc-
tion, (which I shall not read, or cause to be read,)
which has been the subject of such justand bitter
invective and denunciation from members on this
side of the House, to which I wish especially to
reply. Its author, and all those who have indorsed
it, or contributed in any way to its circulation and
distribution, have, by implication, cast an asper-
sion upon the character of a large majority of the
people I have the honor to represent upon this
floor, and I desire to repel it. If any member on
this side of the House—and there are many more
competent to the task than myself—has defended
that class of southern people to which I refer
against the insulting assumptions contained m
this book, it has escaped my notice. Mr. Helper
and his colaborers, in their treasonable and crim-
inal design, judging, I suppose, from their knowl-
edge of themselv( s, from their own mercenary,
groveling, sordid, and very acquisitive natures,
that the holiest and loftiest motive which could
impel a man was a lust of gain—in truth, the most
degrading and abasing—have addressed them-
selves to the vilest and lowest passions andinstincts
of one class of population in the southern States,
with the, to them, plausible hope that they might
be made to enlist 111 an unnatural and unholy cru-
sade against the peace, the lives, and fortunes of
another class.
The non-slaveholders of the southern States are
invited, in the name of religion and philanthropy,
and for the privilege of plunder and spoliation and
confiscation, to engage in a war, indiscriminate
and pitiless, against their fellow-countrymen,
their neighbors", their friends, their benefactors,
oftentimes their kindred and brothers, because,
forsooth, they are guilty of the inexpiable crime,
in the estimation of the immaculate gentlemen on
the other side of the House, with their sublimated
ideas of virtue and morality, of owning slaves. It
matters not that their names are illustrious—that
to their ancestors we owe the beneficent Govern-
ment under which we all might live peacefully
and happily and prosperously together—a "Wash-
ington, sir, might be the first victim. It matters
not that their lives have been virtuous and blame-
less, their days employed in kind offices, and their
fortunes distributed in alms and charities among
the poor, the friendless, and the less favored of
their fellow-men. It matters not what they are,
nor what they have done; themselves and^ their
unoffending and defenseless wives and children
are to be involved in one common ruin. Age and
sex and condition, private worth and public ser-
vices, and their illustrious ancestry, all appeal in
vain. Philanthropy—public philanthropy—de-
mands a sacrifice, and it must ue made.
No, sir, the Republican hatred, bitter, deadly,
and implacable, demands it, and is weak, foolish,
and insolent enough to seek abettors in its fiendish
designs among the non-slaveholding people of the
southern States. In their name I repel the insult-
ing and dishonoring presumption. That class of
people whom I havo the honor to represent on
this floor arc as honorable and just, as brave,
as manly, as true and loyal to the institutions of
their country as the opulent proprietor of his broad
acres and his hundred slaves. The men with whom
I would repel Mr. Seward and all the followers
that he could array under his treasonable and in-
cendiary banner—or rather his lieutenants and
subalterns, his Browns, his Cooks, and Coppies,
for he has too much of that better part of-valor to
share himself the dangers into which he thrusts
braver and bettor men—are those who arc guilt-
less of the unpardonable sin (in Republican eyes)
ot owning slaves. Sir, my constituents of that
class are not poor. The man who to-day earns
bread for himself an^family by his brow's mois-
ture—as God ordained he should—by ordinary
industry and frugality, will in a few years bo him-
self the owner of slaves, proud and independent
as the lordliest Republican snob in all the domains
of freedom, as you are pleased to term them, who,
while he bemoans the fate of the poor negroes at
the South, has men and women of his own race
and color, physically, mentally, and morally his
equals, often his superiors, wearing his livery—
the badges of their servitude—and performing for
for him the most degrading offices, and receiving
for compensation less than any humane master in
the South bestows upon his slave,lias notmoney
enough, successful as he may have been in board-
ing up his too often ill-gotten gains, to hire the
meekest, poorest, humblest one among them to
do for him a menial service. An offer so to em-
ploy him would be spurned with scorn, if not
repelled with insult and violence.
Then, fellow-workers and co-philanthropists
of Mr. Helper, do not, when you again marshal
your forces for a practical illustration of your po-
litical theories and principles, expect to find allies
and auxiliaries among the non-slaveholding peo-
ple'of the southern States.
No, sir; in the language of a gentleman now on
this floor, [Mr. CorwjnJ] the sponsor of the Re-
publican candidate for Speaker, whose speeches
during the last war in which our country was
engaged were so patriotic, breathed so much of
loyaity and devotion to his own country as to se-
cure for them a reproduction in the journals pub-
lished in the country of the enemy, and tended,
as was believed at the time, greatly to protract
that struggle, "they will welcome him with bloody
hands to hospitable graves." The gentleman who
nominated Mr. Sherman, and a number of those
who have voted for him, have professed upon this
floor conservative and national sentiments. The
gentleman will pardon the Democratic side of this
House when they ask them for some evidence of
their sincerity For more than three weeks they
have endeavored to force upon this House as its
Presiding Officer a man whose name is associated
with that of a wretch whose baseness and whose
wickedness no language is adequate to describe,
in addressing to the slaves and a portion of the
white people of the southern States a treasona-
ble and incendiary production, of which nothing
worse can be said than that the offspring is in
every way worthy of its parent. The gentleman
from Ohio has made no disclaimer of the infamous
sentiments, opinions, and purposes of that book,
