1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-289
Mr. SPINNER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ely, was paired with Mr. Kunkel for the dav.
Mr. STANTON said: An hour or two ago, I
paired with Mr. Jackson. I am informed that
Mr. Hickman has paired with Mr. McClernand.
Mr. McClernand and myself are present, and
desire to vote. By consent, therefore, we have
paired Mr. Jackson with Mr. Hickman.
Mr. HOWARD stated that he was paired with
Mr. Burroughs.
Mr. ASHMORE stated that Mr. Stallworth
was paired with Mr. Irvine.*
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the Clerk to read over
the names of those who are absent and notpaired.
The Clerk read as follows:
Messrs. Adrain, Brown, Clark B.Cochrane,
Corwin, H. Winter Davis,Elbert S.Martin,
Pendleton, and J. Morrison Harris.
Mr. BRANCH. I move now that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion that the whole subject be laid upon the
table.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the. yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BONHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 80, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonliam, Bote-
ler, Bouligny, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burch, Burnett,
John B. Clatk,Clopton,Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, James
Craig, Burlon Craige, Crawford, Curry, Reuben Davis, De
Jarnkte, English, Florence, Foukc, Garnett, Gartrell, Gil-
mer, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hawkins,
Hmdman, Holman, Houston, Hughes, Jenkins, Jones,
Lamar, James M. Leach, Logan, Love, Maclay, Charles
D.Martin, Maynatd, McClernand, Miles, Millson, Mont-
gomery, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Niblack, Noeil, Peyton,
JPIielps, Pugti, (Auarlcs, Reagan, James C. Robinson,Rufiin,
Schwaitz, Scott, Simms, Singleton, William Smith, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Underwood,Val-
landigham, Whiteley, Winslo\v,WoodbOn, and Wright—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Gieen Adams, Aldneh, William C. An-
deison, Ashley, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton,
Buffinton, Burnham, Butteifield, Campbell, Caiey, Carter,
Colfax, Conkiing, Covode, Dawes, Delano, Duel], Dunn,
Edgerton, Edvvauls, Eliot, Etheridge, Fenton, Feny, Fos-
ter, Frank, French, Gooch, Gutharn, Grow, Gurley, Hale,
Hatton, Ilehnick, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutcluns, Junkm,
Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgoie, Killinger. DeWitt
C. Leach, Lee, Looinis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, Mc-
knight, McPheison, Millvvard, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward
Joy Moms, Morse, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Perry, Pettit,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spinner, Stanton,
Wilham Stewait, Stoker, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Veiree. Waldron
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wlndom, and Wood—94.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During the call,
Mr. CURTIS stated that he had paired off for
the remainder of the day with Mr. Pryor.
Mr. ETHERIDGE stated that on this vote he
was paired off with Mr. Craig, of Missouri;
otherwise he would have voted in the negative.
Mr. MORRILL stated that on this vote he
was paired off with Mr. Crawford-
Mi*. GIUARLES said: I desire to state that I
have been paired off with Mr. Pettit until to-
day; otherwise, I should have voted against the
homestead bill the other day. I vote in the affirm-
ative upon this proposition.
Mr. LOOM IS stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Cooper.
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated thathe was paired*
off with Mr. Morris, of Illinois.
Mr. MeRAE stated that he was paired off,upon
this vote, with Mr. Haskin, who was called away
upon business.
Mr. HILL said: I was not within the bar when
my was called, for the reason that I was
paired off with Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois. I should,
otherwise, have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I ask leave
to vote. I was not in when my name was called,
thinking it was a vote upon a motion to adjourn.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I should have
voted m the affirmative.
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call for
tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Branch were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-nine; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 69, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery,
Barksdale, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Boteler, Branch,
Bnstow, Bttreb, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cox, Burton Craige, Curry, Reuben Davis,
De Jarnettc, Edmundson, Florence, Fouke, Garnett,Gar-
trell, Gilmer, Hamilton, Haidcman, John T. Harris, Hatton,
Hindtnan, Holman, Hoifeton, Howard, Hughes, Jones,
Lamar, James M. Loach, Logan, Love, Maclay, Charles
D. Martin, Maynatd, McClernand, McRac, Miles, Millson,
Montgomery, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Niblack, Noell,
Phelps, Pugb, Quarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Ruflui,
Scott, Singleton, William N H. Smith, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, Stout, Underwood, Vailandigham, Whiteley,
and Wright—69.
NAYS—Most-is. Green Adams, Aldrich, Allen, William
C. Anderson. Ashley, Barr, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burnham, Buttertield, Campbell, Ca-
rey, Caiter, Colfax, Conkiing, Covode, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Fenton, Foster, Fiank,
French,Gooch,Graham,Grow,Gurley, Halo, Haskin, llol-
mick, Humphrey, llutchin«, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, De-
Witt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean,
McKnight, McPherson, Millward, Mooihcad, Edward Joy
Morns^Morse, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Potter,
Pottle, Rice, Christopher Robmsou, Royce, Schwartz,
Scianton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spmner, Stanton,
Stokes, Stiatton, Tappan, Tompkin*, Tram, Trimble,Van-
dever, Verree, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Windom, and
Wood—91.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call,
Mr. CARTER stated that Mr. Bouligny was
paired off with Mr. Ferry.
Mr. EDWARDS stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Winslow for the lcmamder of the after-
noon.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he was paired off
for the rest of the day with Mr. Wai.dron.
Mr. HAMILTON stated that, after the present
vote, he was paired off with Mr. Kellogg, of
Michigan; that he voted in the affirmative on this
vote.
Mr. VALfeANDIGHAM stated that he was
requested by Mr. Hawkins to announce that he
was paired off with Mr. Hoard.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he had paired off jyith Mr. Peyton upon this vote.
Mr. BARR moved to dispense with the read-
ing of the yeas and nays.
The motion was agreed to; and the result was
announced, as above recorded.
The question recurred upon the adoption of
the resolution reported by the majority of the
Committee of Elections, as follows:
Resolved, That A. J. Williamson, contesting the right of
Hon. D. E. Sickles to a '■cat in this House as a Repie«enta-
tive fiorn theihtitldistuctof the Stated New York, be,and
he is hereby, requned to^eive upon the said Sickles, within
ten day- aitci the parage of tins resolution, a particular
statement oi the grounds of said contest; and that the said
Sickles be, and he is hereby, rcquued to seive upon the
said Williamson his answer theieto in twenty days there-
after; and that both pai ties be allowed sixty days next after
the service of said answet to take testimony in support of
their several allegations and denials before some justice of
the supreme couit of the State of New York, ichiding in
the city ot New York, but in all other le-jpects in the man-
ner piocubcd in the act of February 19, 1851.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Gieen Adams, Aldrich, William C. An-
derson, Ash)ev, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton,
Buffinton, Burnham, Butteifield, Campbell, Caiey, Carter,
Cohax, Conkiing, Covode, Dawes. Delano, Dueil, Dunn,
Edgerton, Eliot," Fenton, Fo-t( r, Frank, French, Gooch,
Giaham, Grow, Gurley, Ha-km, Hatton, Helmick, Hutch-
ins,William Kellogg, Kenyon, Killinger, DeWittC. Leach,
Lee, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight. MePherson,
Millward, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Mois,e, Nixon,
Olin, Palmer, Pettit, Porter. Potter, l'ottle. Rice, Christo-
pher Robinson, Royce. Schwartz, Sedgwick, Somes Spm-
ner, William Stewart, Stokes, Stiatton, Tappan, Tomp-
kins, Train,Trimble, Vandever, Veiree, Walton, Cadvval-
aderC. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa-hbume, Israel YVa.shhiun,
Wells, Windom, and Wood—bO.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Avery,
Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Biabson, Blanch, Burch, Bur-
nett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox,
Burton Craige, Ruubun Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundson,
Florence, Fouke, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hardeman, John T. Har-
ris, Hill, Bindnmn, Holman, Houston, Hughes, Jenkins,
Jones, Lamar, James M. Leach, Logan, Maclay, Charles
D. Martin, Mnynard, McClernand, McRae, Mityson, Sy<£ 
enham Moore, Nelson, Nibiack,* Noell, Peyton, Pugb,
Quarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Ruffi'n, Scoft, Simms,
Singleton, VVilham Smith, William N. II. Smith, Steven-
son, James A. Stewart, Stout, Underwood, Vailandigham,
Whiteley, Woodson, and Wright—64. •;
So the resolution was agreed to. -
During the call, ,
Mr. HALE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Bocock. • ?
Mr. CLOPTON stated that Mr* Boniiam was
paired off with Mr.kilgore,andthat Mr. Curry
was paired off with Mr. Stanton.
Mr. JUNKIN stated that he was- paired oft
with Mr. Roteler. " ^
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, stated that Mr.
Garnett was paired off with Mr. Stratton.
Mr. HUMPHREY stated that he was paired
off with Mr. Miles.
Mr. SPINNER stated that Mr. Asbmore was
paired off with Mr. Loomis.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that Mr.
Sherman was paired off with Mr. Phelps.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, stated that he was
paired off with Mr. Etheridge; that Mr* Ether-
idge was in favor of the resolution, and that he
was opposed to it.
The result was then announced, as above re*
corded.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to rcconsider on the
table.
Th« latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to notify
the House that House bill No. 2], for the codifi-
cation of the revenue laws, is printed; and I hope
gentlemen will provide themselves with it.
And then, on motion of Mr. "WHITELEY,
(at five o'clock and twenty minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 22, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, communi-
cating, in compliance with the resolution of ihe
Senate of the 19th instant, copies of the corre-
spondence between that Department and Town-
send Harris, minister resident of the United States
in Japan, concerning the proposed diplomatic
mission from Japan to the United States* which
was ordered to he on the table; and a motion by
Mr. Davis to print the report was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
pktitroxs and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a petition
of M. Holliday and others, settlers on the hoif-
breed lands in Kansas, praying that their rights
of entry thereon may be secured; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of cit-
izens of Jefferson county, Wisconsin, praying a
change in the mail route from Lake Mills to Jef-
ferson, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Biook-
lyn, Now York, praymg Congress to pass a law
to prevent all further traffic in, and monopoly of,
the public lands of the United Stales; and that
they be laid out in farms and lots of limited size,
for the free and exclusive use of actual settlers;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented two petitions of cit-
izens of New York, praying Congress to pass a
law to prevent all further traffic in, and monopoly
of, the public lands of the United States; and that
they be laid out in farms and lots of suitable size,
for the free and exclusive use of actual settlers;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of Mrs. Ara-
bella Riley, widow of Major General Riley,
praying for a pension; which was ordered to lie
on the table, a bill for her relief having been al-
ready passed by the Senate.
He also presented the petition of Francos M.
Webster, widow of Brevet Lieutenant Colonel
