ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] how-
much. more of the time of the session he will re-
qmir® for the public business? It seems to me
that we ought to appropriate a little time to other
subjects.
-I&r. GURLEY. 1 shall be through in two or
three minutes if gentleman will allow me to pro-
ceed. My resolution is only one to enable mem-
bers to obtain their books and documents at the
proper time.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
The Committee on Printing is authorized by the
rules to report at any time; but the pending mo-
tion to suspend the rules would suspend that rule
as well as all others; and hence a report from the
Committee on Printing; cannot take precedence of
a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a question of the very
highest privilege. The rules of the House say
that the Committee on Printing may report at
any time.
Mr. BRANCH. The motion to suspend the
rules is to suspend that rule as well as all others.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 told the gentleman
from Ohio that I would give way to him if his
proposition would not give rise to debate.
- A. T. SPENCER AND GUKDON S. HUBBARD.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina is perfectly right. The pending question
is on the motion of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] to suspend the rules for the
purpose of taking up Senate bill No. 251, for the
relief of A. T. Spencer and Gurdon S. Ilubbard,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HOARJL). I desire to know if it is in order
to move an amendment to that bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The bill is not
before the House. The motion is to suspend the
rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose to amend
the bill as soon as the rules are suspended.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the amend-
ment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. To limit the amount.
The question was taken; and there wen;—yeas
72, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Alley, Barr, Beale, Francis P.
Blair, lirayton, lJriggs, Bufimton, liurnham, Campboll,
Carter, Case, Colfax, Curtis', II. Winter Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Dunn, Edgerion, Edwaids, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Foster, Fouko, Gilmei. (Jooch, Guiley, Hale, IlalJ,
J. Morrison Harris, Helmiek, linmphiey, Junkin, Fiauei*
W. Kollofrg, William KoJjogu, 1(01)3-011, Kil^oio, He VViu C.
LcacJ ,Lee, Loom Is, Maclay, M.Ulory, Mutton, iUeKean,
Edward Joy Morris, l^nac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack,
Nixon, Gliii, Palmer, Porter, Pottei, Rico, Christopher
Robinson. Royce, Spauldinpf, Spinner, William Stewart,
Stokes, Stout, Thayei, Tompkins, Vandevei, Van Wyek,
Vcrrre, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, tillilm B
Washburne, Wells, Wilson, and Woodrufl—-73.
Unger, Landrum, Longnecker, Love, Kibe it Mai tin,
Maynard, McPhcrson, McQueen, Million, Moorhead,
Morse, remtietoii, Peyton, Uuailes, Reagan, Itigqa, Uuflm,
William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stanton, htevens,
TUoimw, Underwood, Vance, Window, and Wright—47.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the call,
Mr. COBB stated that he had paired off on this
vote with Mr, Sherman, who was engaged on a
committee of conference.
Mr. STRATTON stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Gartrell, the condition of whose
health prevented him from attending the evening
session.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Pattojj, one of its clerks, informing the
House that (he Senate had passed a hill (No.
398) for the relief of Samuel R. Franklin, in which
he was dnccted to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill to secure
homesteads to actual settlers.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. TAYLOR. I usk the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill (No. 307) to repeal the sccond section
and other portions of an actpassed June 2, 1858,
entitled" An act to provide for the location of cer-
tain confirmed private land claims in the State of
Missouri, and for other purposes." It is my in-
tention to ask to put that bill upon its passage;
and if consent is not given, I shall move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I shall object. I
have tried to get in a resolution that would secure
equality to all; and as I cannot do so, 1 give no-
tice that I shall fight every proposition that may
be made.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to say, in regard to
this bill,#that it passed the Senate a few days
since.
Mr. BONHAM. I must object to discussion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of taking the bill from the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BONHAM. I desire to know if it is in
order to make the bill the special order for the
second Monday in December?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
not in order at this time.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Taylor; and being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 132, noes J9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam^, Green Adams, Ald-
nch, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Babbitt, I3air,
Beale, Fianeis L\ ni.11 r, Samuel S. Blair, Make, Hotelei,
Biubsou, Branch, Bravton, Bi iggs, Burtinton, Buieh, Bui u-
ham, Bntterfield, Campbell, C'aiter, (\i«e, Hoi.ice P Pl.uk,
Cobb, Colfax, Corwin, Covode, Curry, Curtis H. Winter
Davis, John G. Davis, I).i\ve<, I)e Jamette, Delano, Dunn,
Eliot, Ely, Etherid'je, Feny, Florence, Foster, Fouke, Gil-
mer, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Guilev, Hale. Hall, Harde-
man, J. Mnrii&on Harris,IJa^lun, Ilatton, llelmick, Hoard,
Holman, Houston, Humphrey, Hutching Jenkins, Jones,
Junkhi, Francis VV. ICellogn, William Kellogg, ICenyon,
KilUngor, Landrnni, DeWitt C. Loach, Leake, Long-
neeker, Lootnis, Love, Maolay, Mallory, Mansion, May-
nard, Me It can, MuKnighr, Mc Pher&on, Mill-on, Kmc N.
Morris, Mor?e, Nelfon, Nixon, Ohn, rainier, Pendleton,
Perry, Peyton, Portei, Pottei, (iuarles, Reagan, Riec,
Kig^, Christopher llohu^on, Ko\ce. Sedgwick, William
N. LI. Smith, Soiikn, Sp:uilding, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
vens, James A, Stewart, William Stewatt, Stoke?-, Stout,
Tappau, Tayloi, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tiain,
Trimble, Underwood, Vance, Vandever, Van Wvok, Yer-
ree. Wade, Cadwalader C. Wn-hbutn, Elhhu B. Wa<li-
burne, Istnel Washburn, Webstei, Wells, Wil.-on, Wms-
lovv, and Woodruff—
NAYS—Mi-sms. Af.limore, Bonham, Boyce, Burnett,
Clopton, Buiton Cuige, Farnsworth, John T. Hums,
Iveitf, James M. Leach, Elbejf S. Mai tin, MeUueen, Mi!o,
Hulenham Mooic, Kullirt, William Smith, Stevenson,
Thomas, and Wright—Jy.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BOW HAM, when his name was called,
said that, as the bill proposed to suspend the act
only until the end of this session, instead of this
Congress, he should be compelled to vote " no."
Mr. BARKSDALE said he was compelled to
vote against suspending the rules, solely for the
reason that, m his opinion, a bill of so much mag-
nitude ought to undergo mature deliberation and
discussion.
Mr. TAYLOR called the previous question
upon the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE TO PJUNT A SPEECH.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is requested to
state that Mr. Edwards, having been unsuccess-
ful in obtaining the floor, desires leave to print his
speech in the proceedings of the House.
Leave was granted.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
LIVINGSTON, KINKEAD & CO.
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Interior to adjust
the claim of Livingston, Kinkead & Co.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
That bill has once been rejected by this House;
and I submit that it cannot again be brought be-
fore the House.
Mr. BRIGGS. It is not the same bill at all. It
is an entirely different measure, and comes fully
within the purview of the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
it is substantially the same bill; and the rules can-
not be evaded In that way.
Mr. BRIGGS. It is an entirely different bill.
That made a direct appropriation out of the Treas-
ury. This simply refers the matter to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, to be settled on principles
of justice and equity.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. Iam instructed, by the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the homestead bill, to report that, after twelve
meetings of the three different conferences that
have been appinted, they this morning finally
agreed. I hold in my hand the report of the com-
mittee, which can be read if any gentleman de-
sires it. But perhaps it would render the report
clearer and more intelligible if I should briefly
state its leading features.
The Senate bill all the members of the House
are familiar with. The conferees upon the part
of the House, finding, after the most earnest ef-
forts, that it would be utterly impossible for them
to induce the Senate to agree to the House bill,
have been discussing what changes could be made
in the Senate bill, so as to vender it acceptable
enough for the House to accept, rather than the
whole should fail. They have finally agreed upon
a report, as follows:
In the first place, I will say that the bill, as it
passed the Senate, provided that the preemptors
now upon the public lands might remain there
two years before they should be required to pur-
chase their lands; but should then pay for them
at the rate of $1 25 per acre, thus removing them
entirely from within the purview of the benefits
which would apply to the settlers hereafter upon
the public lands. This jpoint the House con-
ferees refused to accede to; and, if persisted in,
we should have again reported a disagreement.
Finally, however, a compromise was arranged on
this point, and to protect the thousands of pre-
emptors now on Government land, which was to
be advertised this fall for sale, we changed the
Senate bill, so as to protect the preemptors for at
least two years from land sales, and to allow them
then to secure their homes at one half the Gov-
ernment price, namely,sixty-two anda half cents
per acre. I need scarcely add that if the Senate
could have been induced to give them the benefit
of their twenty-five per cent, per acre provision,
we should have insisted on it; but what 1 have
stated is the lowest point that could be obtained.
The second change we have made in the Senate
bill is in relation to the scope of land coming un-
der the operation of the law. The House bill
embraced all the Government land, offered or
unoffered, except such as was specially reserved.
The Senate bill confined its provisions to land
subject to private entry exclusively. As I have
explained on a former occasion, the expression
" subject to private entry" means such as are left
after the lands have been once regularly brought
into market, exposed to public safe, and the spec-
ulators have taken such as they see fit to purchase.
The difference between these two bills seemed
so radical as to be incapable of adjustment; and
the scope of faiming land covered by the Senate
bill was so limited, there being but little, if any,
in Minnesota, Kansas, Nebraska, California, Ore-
gon, or Washington, that the House conferees
declined to accept it. But on this, too, we finally
effected a compromise. By our report all the
land subject to private entry is included, and in
addition,all the odd numbered sections of the sur-
veyed public lands which have not been opened
to public sale—a most material and beneficent en-
largement of the Senate bill. "We were offered,
after this-agrecmcnt, whichever half we chose of
the unoffered public lands; and we took the odd
numbered sections. The reason for this was that
the sixteenth section of a township being reserved
for school purposes by our land-laws, the four
adjoining sections to it on the north, west, south,
and cast, are sections nine, fifteen, seventeen, and
twenty-one, all odd numbered sections, which are
thus saved for homestead settlers, who have re-
served for them eighteen out of thirty-five dis-
posable sections in each township of six miles
square. On all these lands, actual settlers, who
