tmo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 22,
Lucien B. Webster, late of the Army, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Richard
B. Jones, late consul general of the United States
at Alexandria, Egypt, praying compensation for
judicial services rendered under the act of August
11, 1848; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Alpheus
T. Palmer, of Maine, a lieutenant in the war with
Mexico, praying an increase of the pension here-
tofore allowed him; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TOOMBS presented the petition of Wil-
liam J. Young, of New York, praying the enact-
ment of a homestead law and a bankruptcy law;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a letter of J. W.
Zacharie in relation to the proposals of Spearing
& Co. to transport the United States mails semi-
monthly between New Orleans and Vera Cruz;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Texas, in favor of the incorpora-
tion of Captain John G. Tod, of the late navy of
Texas, into the Navy of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Texas, praying the establishment of a
mail stage route from Austin to some point on the
overland mail stage route from St. Louis to El
Paso; which was referred to the Committee on
the Posl Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Ho also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Texas, requesting the Senators and Rep-
resentatives of the Slate in Congress to procure
the reimbursement of funds expended for the pro-
tection of the frontier, mid making other requests,
with reference to frontier affairs; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITION RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Ehz.i K. O^den, widow of
the late Major Edmund A. Ogden, assistant quartermaster
in tile United States Army, piayuig that a percentage may
he allowed lier upon public money dl-.bur;-ed by her hus-
band, with ttie adverse report of the Committee on Claims
thereon, be recommitted to the Committee 011 Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 25?) further to amend an act to ascertain
anil settle private land claims in California, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee 011 Public
Lands; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 190) in relation to
mission claims at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 237) for the relief
of Anthony Schlander, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
communication from C.T. Smoad,in favor of in-
creased mail facilities 111 the State of Iowa, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
as the matter is properly cognizable by the Ex-
ecutive Department; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph B. Walker,
praying to be indemnified for money lost in its
transmission by mail, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the president and
members of the Pacific railroad convention, held
in San Francisco, California, in September, 1859,
on the subject of a continental railroad from the
Pacific ocean to the valley of the Mississippi,
asked to be discharged from its consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referied the presentment of the grand jury
of the United States for the district of South Caro-
lina. at Greenville, in relation to the degradations
on the mail in that district, the unfitness of the
post office building at Greenville for the purpose,
and the necessity of providing a suitable building
for a custom-house, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I am directed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to move that a
communication from the Post Office Department
to the committee, in reply to a letter from the
committee, communicating information with re-
spect to what is known as the Butterfield contract
for overland mail service between the Atlantic and
the Pacific, be printed; and the committee recom-
mend that the contract to which the information
refers be printed in connection with it.
Mr. HALE. And also the letter of the Post-
master General to the Attorney General.
Mr. YULEE. Yes. They are all together.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
218) to authorize protection to be given to citizens
of the United States who may discover deposits
of guano, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 248) supplemental
to the actentitlcd " An act to authorize protection
to citizens of the United States who may discover
deposits of guano,"approved 18th August, 1856,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill (S. No. 303) supplementary to the act enti-
tled "An act to authorize protection to be given to
citizens of the United States who may discover
deposits of guano," approved 18th August, 1856;
which was iead,and passed to a second reading.
RIOIITS OF NATURALIZED CITIZENS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not in his opinion
incompat) hie with the public interest, whatever information
he may have concerning the expulsion of Eugene Delli, a
native of Prussia, and a naturalized citizen of the United
States, from that country, in or about the year 1857.
REORGANIZATION 03? THE MILITIA.
Mr. NICHOLSON submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
scut, und agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested tofur-
nish tli*- Senate a copy of the memorial of Brevet Lieuten-
ant Colonel H. S. Roberta, of the United {States Anm, re-
lating to a reorganization of the militia the United States
uudei a revision of the laws of Congress, in conformity
with the Constitution.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 301) for
the relief of Alexander Cross; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 304) for the prosecution of the work upon the
extension of the United States Capitol; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to be printed.
POST ROUTES IN KANSAS.
Mr. YULEE. The Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads, to whom was referred House
bill No. 326, to establish mail routes in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, have directed me to report it
back without amendment; and perhaps it would
be as well, as it merely establishes post routes in
the ordinary manner for a portion of the coun-
try which is only just now settling up, the Pike's
Peak country, to pass the bill at once.
The bill was considered as in, Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RETURN OF UNCALLED-FOR LETTERS.
Mr. YULEE. The same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution which was adopted by
the Senate at the instance of the Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Collamer,] in relation to the return
of letters uncalled for, have directed me to report
a bill on that subject.
The bill (S. No. 302) in relation to the return
of undelivered letters in the post office was read
the first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire that that bill may
be x>ut on its oassage now
Mr. GrWIN. I think there can be no objection
to it.
Mr. YULEE. The bill simply provides that
persons desiring the return of letters which they
mail, may, by indorsing on them their name and
address, be entitled to a return of them without
additional charge, if they are not called for at the
office to which they are directed within thirty days
after their receipt there.
The bill was read a second time, considered as
in Committee of tlie/Whole, reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON MARKET-HOUSE.
Mr. BROWN. I appeal to the Senate to allow
me to dispose of some amendments to a bill which
has passed both Houses of Congress. All we
want now is the concurrence of the Senate in the
House amendment, with some amendments to it
proposed by the Committee on the District of
Columbia. I will state why I am urgent about it.
The city authorities have advertised for contracts;
the bids have all been made, and they are ready
to enter into engagements the instant we pass this
bill. The working season is coming on, and they
are exceedingly anxious to close their contracts,
so that the persons to do the work may go right
on. Delay now is almost ruinous to it. The bill
does not involve the Government in any sort of
responsibility whatever, and I hope that I may
be allowed to get it through this morning. I move
to take it up.
The motion was agreed to;and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 192) author-
izing the corporation of Washington city to make
a loan and issue stock for $200,000 for building a
market-house. The House amendment was to
strike out all the original bill after the enacting
clause* and to insert:
That aH the ground lying between Seventh and Ninth
streets, and fronting on Pennsylvania and Louisiana ave-
nues, now and hitherto used and occupied for the Center
market, be, and the same is hereby, ceded to the corpora-
tion of Washington, on condition that said corpoiation,
within two years after this act takes effect, erect thereon
a market-house, together with such offices and apartments
in the second stoiy thereof as may be deemed necessary.
The said house to be so constructed as to admit loot pas-
sengers tbiough only one entrance to the matket on the
north side, market wagons and other vehicles on the «outh
side only, with means of exit for the same on Seventh and
Ninth streets, and to exclude marketing from Pennsylvania
and Louisiana avenue, and the sidewalks and pavements
thereon. And for the purpose of erecting such market-
house and improvements connected therewith, in case a
majority of the freeholders and householders, who are iPgal
and competent voters within said corporation, shall vote
as hereinafter provided in favor thereof, it shall be lawful
tor said corporation to create a debt in such form as may
bo found expedient, not exceeding the sifm of $200,000, at
a rate of interest not exceeding six per centum per annum,
anv lestriction in the charter of said city or existing laws to
the contiary notwithstanding.
Sec. (2. And be it further enacted, That at the first an-
nual election held in said city after the passage of this act,
the person or board receiving the vote of each voter at such
election who is a freeholder or householder of said city,
shall propound to such voterthefollowingquestion, to wit:
"Are you in favor of creating a debt of $-200,000 for the
building of a new market-house?" And the answer to said
question, whether yes or no, shall be set down upon the
poll-list opposite the name of such voter; and, iri case a
majority of such freeholders and householders answer said
question in the affhmative, then this act shall take effect,
and continue in full force, but not othej wise.
Sec. 3. And bcit further enacted, That the Mayor of said
city shall cause notice to be given of the taking of paid vote,
by publication in three or more of the newspapeis pub-
lished in saidcity. at least ten days prior to the day of hold-
ing said election; which notice shall distinctlyVtate the
question to be propounded, as aforesaid, to the freeholders.
and householding electors at said election
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in case this act
shall take effect, as hereinbefore provided, it shall he so
con-^trued as to vest the title to said Jots in said coi poration
so long as the market-house and apaitment" shall be con-
tinued theieon and used for the purpose aforesaid, and no
longer.
The Senate Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia had reported certain amendments, the first
of which, was, in the first section to strike out the
words " together with such offices and apartments
in the second story thereof, as may be deemed
necessary."
Mr. HALE. I wish the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia would explain
why that amendment is proposed to be made. It
seem,s to me to be an interference by the General
Government with a little local matter—the con-
struction of a building here—that might be better
left to the city.
Mr BROWN The Senator has got it all
