1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8179
are heads of families, are allowed, after having
occupied the land for five years, to purchase it at
twenty-five cents per acre, which is about the
average cost price of the public lands to the Gov-
ernment. We struggled, of course, to include all
young men, over twenty-one, who are not heads
of families, and to adopt the free homestead prin-
ciple of the House bill, but on these points the
Senate was indexible; and we took what we did
because it was the very best we could get.
The Senate bill originally provided that the
homestead settler might acquire title to his land at
any time by paying full Government price; but
desiring to promote actual settlement, we now
provide that he cannot do this till after he has been
on the land six months. When he stays, or his
family if he deceases, the full five years, he ob-
tains it then at twenty-five ccnts per acre.
The Senate have also agreed , to strike out the
eighth section of their bill, which made itimpera-
tive upon the President to expose all the public
lands to sale within two years after they shall
have been surveyed, which all held would be
peculiarly oppressive upon the pioneers who had
gone to the frontier to settle upon the public lands,
and to which we could never have consented.
Mr. COBB. How does the bill, as the com-
mittee of conference have agreed to it, affect the
railroad lands ?
Mr. COLFAX. It does not affect railroad lands
at all, though I wish it did.
Mr. COBB. Perhaps the gentleman did not
understand the term 1 intended to use. I mean
the lands reserved in alternate sections in the rail-
road grants.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 understand the gentleman.
They are left as under the existing law—subject
to sale at $2 50 per acre.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to state, in conclu-
sion, that the compromise we have made upon this
subject is not m accordance with what I should
desire to have passed, if I had the power to frame
the bill inyselt; but it is"the very utmost wc could
obtain from the Senate as now constituted. The
Senators who served with us on the conference
have been notified by me, and also by my col-
league on the confeience, [Mr. Windom,] that
we regard this as but a single step in advance to-
wards a law which wc shall demand from the
American Congress enacting a comprehensive
and liberal homestead policy. This wc have
agreed to as merely an avant courier. We shall
demand it at the next session of Congress, and
until it is granted; until all the public lands shall
be open to all the people of the United States;
and 1 state this publicly that no one shall regard
us as estopped hereafter, because we accepted
this half-way measure, rather than to allow the
whole to fail. I should have added that all per-
sons, whether citizens, or those who have only
declared their intentions, are allowed to go on the
lands under this bill; but arc required to perfect
their naturalization before the live years expire
and the patent issues. I now demand the previous
question on concurring in the leport of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to know of
the gentleman if he will make a speech in favor
of such a bill, and then cut off all reply?
Mr. COLFAX. I have been explaining the
report; as it was my duty to do.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether this bill confines its
benefits to those who are heads of families?
Mr. COLFAX. It does; because we failed,
despite our utmost efforts, m procuring its exten-
sion to all; but wc shall appeal to the young men
to demand of those who make and who execute
the laws, that the system inaugurated by this
bill, shall be widened so as to admit them to its
benefits; and I will join them in this demand.
Mr. GROW. I just desire to say that we have
taken this bill, not because it is what we want,
but on the principle that " half a loaf is better
than no bread."
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then on concurring in the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. BARKS DALE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—ye^s 115, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alien, Alley,
Ashley, Babbitt, IJarr, Bealo, Bingham, Francis P- Blair,
Samuel S. Blah, Blake, Bun ton, Biiggs, Buflinion, Burch,
Burlingauie, Burnh.im, l>utte field, Campbell, Caicy, Car-
ter, Ca^e, Horace F. Clark, Cobb, Colfax, Convin, Covode,
Cox, Curtis, John G. Davis. Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Ferry, Florence, Foster,
Fiank, Fiench. Good), Giaham, Grow, GurJoy, Hale, Hall,
Hastcin, llelmiek, Hoaid, William Howard, Humphrey,
Hutching Junkin, Fianeis JV. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kenyon, Killmger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
Loomis, Maelay, Marston, McKoan, McKnight, McPher-
son, Millvvard, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Is?aac N. Moiris, Morse, Niblack, Nixon, Okn, Palmer,
Pendleton, Perry, Pctttt, Phelps, Porter, Potter, IUcc,Uiggs,
Clmstopher Robinson, lioj ee, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes,
Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Stout, Tap-
pan, Taylor, Thayei, Theaker, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble,
Vandever, Van Wyolc, Verree, Wade, Walton, Cadwala-
der (7. Washburn, tflhhu B. Washburue, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Window, and Woodruff—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Gieen Adams, William C. Anderson,
Ashmore, Avery, Bark^dale, Bocock, Bonham, Boyco,
Brabi-on. Blanch, Burnett, Clopton, Burton Ciaige, Ciaw-
lord, Curiy, De Jarnette, Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Morrison
Hams. John T. Hams, liutton, Houston, Jenkins, Jones,
Keitt, Landtum, James M. Leach, Leake, Love, MnJIory,
Maynaid, McQueen, Mile.*, Mili>on, Sydenham Mooic,
NeKon, Peyton, Quarles, Reagan, Kuffin, William Smith,
Willam N. II. ^inith, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Under-
wood, Vance, Webster, Wnislow, Woodson, and Wright
—51.
So the report of the committee of conference
was concurred in.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. WILSON stated that he should have voted
in the affirmative but for the fact that he had paired
off with Mr. Lamar, who had been called home
by sickness in his family.
Mr. FENTON said he had paired with Mr.
Jackson, but for which fact he would have voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. STRATTON said he would have voted in
the affirmative, but for the fact that he had paired
with Mr. Gartreli..
Mr. CURTIS said that, supposing this to be
the best bill that could be obtained, he would vote
" ay."
Mr. FAUNSWORTII said he had paired upon
all political questions with his collet.guo, Mr. Lo-
gan. lie did not know how his colleague would
vote upon this question. It had been remarked
that he voted in favor of the other bill. He did
not consider that any evidence that he would vote
for this. For his own part, he protested against
it. Under the circumstances, he should decline
to vote.
Mr. COBB said that, after a very brief exam-
ination of the bill and report, he voted in the
affirmative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by'
which the report was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to i {'consider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I know that it is the desire of
members to sec the homestead bill as it has been
agreed upon by the committee of conference and
now passed by both Houses, and I riKne that it
be printed. I hope that there Will be no objection.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
KINKI3AD & LIVINGSTON.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to suspend the rules, to take up the case
of Kinkcad & Livingston.
The question was put while the House was in
great confusion; and the Chair declared that the
noes had it.
Mr. BRIGGS. I call for a division. [Cries of
" Too late!"] No, it is not too late. This case
was once before unjustly defeated on the mad-dog
cry, that it had been passed without anybody
knowing what was going on. If the merits of the
ease be looked into, it will be found to be a just
one.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The question has
been taken, and the result announced; and I make
the point that it is now too late to call for a
division.
Mr. BRIGGS. I am willing that the case shall
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
[Cries of41 Agreed !"] Then I make that motion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
COVODE COMMITTEE.
Mr. GURLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to which was referred a reso-
lution for the printing of fifty thousand copies of
the reports of thfe majority and minority of the
Covode committee, to report the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That there be printed fifty thousand extra
copies, for the use of the members of the House, of the re-
ports of thr majority and minority of the select committee
of which Mr. Covodr was chairman, appointed under the
resolution of the oth of March last, together with the evi-
dence taken during the investigation.
I call the previous question on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. McQJJEEN. I renew it, and demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The riouso refused to adjourn.
Mr. jNELSON. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw his call for the previous question,
that I may move an amendment to hisresolution.
Mr. GURLEY. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, provided the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. NELSON. I will. I move the following
as a substitute for the gentleman's resolution:
Resolved, That there he printed for the use of the mem-
bers of the House one hundred thousand copies uf the ma-
jotity and minority repoits of the select committee, ap-
pointed under a resolution of 5th of March last, of winch
John Covodr is chairman ; one hundred thousand copies
ot the niajotitv and minority reports- of the Committee on
Public Expenditures; and one hundred thousand eopios-of
the majority and minority reports of the Committee on
Naval Expenditures, togctiiei with the evidence taken bo-
fore pneh of s^aid committees; and that s-aid reports be
bound together.
I call for the previous question on the resolu-
tion and amendment.
Mr. JONES. I object to the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT, i rise to a question of order.
I want to know whether the printing of extra
copies of the repoits referred to in the resolution
of the gentleman from'Fenncssee has been referred
to the Committee on Printing? I hold that it has
not been; and that therefore the amendment is not
in order to the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Printing. I am willing to vote for gen-
eral legislation that may be brought before us; I
am willing to vote for the public business that
may be upon the table or in the hands of the com-
mittees; but, sir, I am unwilling to sit here and
suspend tiie rules for the introduction of all man-
ner of propositions. I move, therefore, that the
House do now adjourn; and on that motion I de-
mand the yoas and nays.
Mr. COX. Who called for the previous ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. COX. I wish to make a few remarks per-
sonal to myself in regard to one infamous portion
of the Covode book. [Cries of '* Object!"]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The business of the House, was disturbed by
loud talking in all parts of the Hall.
Mr. HOARD. I call the Speaker's attention
to the second rule, which requires the Speakor<to
keep order. 1 do not make the point as any rc-
ilection upon the Chair; but it is impossible for
any person, however attentive, to know wfct.it is
the question before the House in consequence of
the confusion in the Hall. I desire the rule to be
executed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Itis no faultof the Speaker
that the liouso is not in order, but the fault of
members themselves.
Mr. HOARD. I agree with the gentleman. I
think it is the duty of the Chair to arrest the bus-
iness when the House is in confusion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enforce the
rule. He does not want to arrest any of the mem-
bers, [laughter;] but that the House shall break
up in its present good-humor.
The question was taken; and it was decided, in
the negative—yeas 34, nays 118; as follows:
yRAS—Messrs. Ashmoro, Avery, Barksdale, Bocoek,
Bonh.im, Bo\ce, Branch, Burch, Clopton, Cobb, Curry,
John (i. Davis, Houston, Jones, Keitt, Landrtnn, Leake,
Maelay, McQueen, MeKae, Mile:-, Sydenham Moore, Nib-
Jack, Pendleton, l'ugh, Reagan, Euffin, William Smith,
William N. II. f^imth, Stalhvorth, Stevenson, Thomas,
Vance, and Wright—
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alien,
