1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] to
say, the other day——
Mr. RUST. I made the proposition first, and
it met with universal favor on our side.
Mr. HILL. I heard it from the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] and he made the
impression upon me and upon others—not design-
edly, as I have heard him say—that the thirty gen-
tlemen he spoke of as composing the American
party comprised also a certain class of gentlemen
known as anti-Lecompton Democrats. He spoke
of the thirty minority. Now, sir, I have no right
to speak for anybody. I have not since I have
been here ever spoken for anybody except my-
self. But X believe, and I have come pretty well
to understand—I say it with dcferenec—that there
is no gentleman on the Democratic side of the
House who can speak for the entire Democratic
party in the House.
Mr. COX. Let me say a word.
Mr. RUST. I cannot yield further.
Mr. COX. I simply desire to say that, if I
understand the proposition of the gentleman from
Arkansas, I am one of those men who are not
negotiable for any such purpose.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask my colleague to allow
me to say that I occupy the same attitude pre-
cisely as my friend from Ohio. I am not trans-
ferable e ven by my Democratic colleagues on this
floor, without my own full consent and approba-
tion—not without an express approval on my
part of the individual who may be selected. I
repeat that I am not to be transferred by my Dem-
ocratic associates on this floor, to the support of
any gentleman whatever, except I myself have a
controlling voice in his selection, so far at least
as my own vole is concerned.
Mr. HILL. I will say to the gentleman that
the whole House could not transfer me.
Mr . HI:\ DM AN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia will allow me a moment. I mean to say this:
I will only be a party to the proposition of my
colleague with this understanding. It is not for
the body of the Democratic party to say for what
individual I, being a Democrat, shall vote. I will
be left free to judge for myself in all such matters.
Whenever the name of an Opposition member
is presented, whether he be Know Nothing or
anti-Lecompton Democrat, I will determine, upon
my own exclusive authority, whether I will vote
for him or not. I will not defer my own judg-
ment, under such circumstances, to that of any
number of Democrats in this House.
Mr. NOELL. I wish to say just this, in reply
to the gentleman from Arkansas, that I have such
an abiding confidence in the majority of the Dem-
ocratic party, with which I act, that I am per-
fectly willing to leave it to their determination to
designate for whom I shall vote m this contin-
gency for the organization of the House And I
will say further, that I have such perfect confi-
dence in every member of the Democratic organi-
zation in this House, now associated with me,
that I am willing, at any moment, to vote for any
one of them who may be selected by the other
side.
Mr. COX. I will remark, in reply to the gen-
tleman 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I yielded to the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. RubT,] to make
a proposition which might result in a ballot for
Speaker, but I expressly stated to the gentleman
from Arkansas that I would not yield for the pur-
pose of going into a general discussion.
Mr. RUST. Very well, I will not now under-
take to reply to my colleague, or the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to mc for
a moment?
Mr. RUST. I cannot. I hold the floor by the
courtesy of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Illinois
allow me to say a single word ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Oh, yes; go on
Mr. COX. I wish to make a brief explanation
of the remark I made a minute ago m reply to the
gentleman from Arkansas. I do not recognize
the right of any one to transfer my vote for any
man for Speaker who does not belong to my own
party organization. I will vote for any anti-Le-
compton Democrat who maybe selected, because
I believe there is a close affinity between his senti-
ments and my own. But so far as voting for any
South American or southern Oppositionist is con-
cerned, I cannot do it, and answer to my con-
science or to my constituents. My reason is
this 
Mr. RUST. I cannot yield the floor for the
gentleman to make a speech.
Mr. COX. One word more. I say I will not
vote for a member of that party, not only because
their doctrines are diametrically opposed to the
doctrines of the Democratic party, as laid down
in the Cincinnati platform, upon the slavery ques-
tion, but because they are opposed to certain rights
of civil and religious liberty. I could not answer
to my constituents if I were to give aid and com-
fort to any such organization.
Mr. HILL. I will say in reply to the gentle-
man from Ohio that I myself, though professing
to have a moderately good conscience, should not
feel so shocked that I should want to go out of the
Union, even if an anti-Lecompton-English-bill
Democrat [laughter] should be chosen Speaker of
this House.
Mr. RUST. I do not like to interrupt the gen-
tleman; but I really hope he will not trespass upon
my good nature.
Mr. HILL. Oh, I will not go on very far.
Mr. RUST. But there is such an indefinite idea
here as to what is going far, that I scarcely know
how to understand the gentleman.
Mr. HILL. Well, I will bring the matter right
down to a definite point. I was going on to say
that, regretting very much the insuperable objec-
tions of the gentleman from Ohio to the election of
any member of the American party, and liis de-
termination not to give aid and comfort to that
party, I say that I think myself and my associ-
ates can manage to get along without him; but,
whether we do or not, it will come to this com-
plexion at last, as I said the other day, that you
cannot make a Speaker by propositions made upon
this floor. This is not the time nor the place to
arrange matters so as to produce such a result.
It cannot be done here. You must do it by other
means and other appliances; you will have to ap-
ply, perchance, some means that may reach even
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] and induce
him to come in and assist in the organization. I
shall not insist that he shall be brought up to the
rack and made to vote for a Know Nothing.
Mr. COX. What does the gentleman refer to,
when he speaks of means of reaching certain mem-
bers of this House ?
Mr. HILL. I mean persuasion; persuasion,
sir. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Moral suasion, I suppose. x
Mr. HILL. Certainly; moral suasion.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I would have responded
to the proposition of the gentleman fiom Aikansas
at the time it was made the other day, if 1 had un-
derstood him to make his proposition by author-
ity; but it was not so made, as the gentleman has
since stated. But I say to that gentleman, that,
as far as I am concerned, I am willing, and have
been from the first day of the session, to organize
this House upon a conservative basis; and I say
to him now, and to every member of the House,
that I am willing to vote for any conservative man
in opposition to the Republican party. I care not
to what party he belongs, for, I think, in a time
like this, we are called upon to rise above party
for the good of the country. [Applause in the
galleries.] I do not speak for anybody but my-
self; and, sir, for one, I am willing to unite with
any party that will place us in the way of elect-
ing a conservative man to the Speakership of this
Rouse.
Mr. HILL. One word to my friend. Will you
vote for any gentleman who feels that you are un-
worthy of his support?
Mr. HARDEMAN. I do not believe that such
a man is conservative. [Laughter.]
Mr. RUST. There are. T know, Mr. Clerk,a
number of gentlemen in this House like my col-
league, TMr. Hindman,] and the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] who are unwilling to make any
concession, in reference to the election ofa Speaker,
as suggested; whilst m a minority, as tliey are—
not in a position to dictate terms to this House,
or even to the party of which they are members—
yet they are unwilling to go into a common cau-
cus with the members of their own party, who
certainly are as patriotic, as loyal to that party, as
themselves. This House never can be organized
unless there is concession. There must be con-
cession. I have submitted my proposition, and I
hope that the conservative members of this House
will take it into consideration, and that they will
come here in the morning in a better frame of
mind.
My colleague talks of being transferred; of any-
body's transferring him—I never contemplated
any such thing. I suppose my colleague would
go into a convention composed of his equals, and
let the majority there determine what should be
done.
Mr. COX. Let me say a word. My friend
from Arkansas seemed to tender the support of
his party to one of the southern American party
for Speaker.
Mr. RUST. I have said, time and again, that
there are a number of members of the American
party upon this floor for either of whom I will
gladly vote.
Mr. COX. Not only for myself, but for a large
number of Democrats, I say, that we look upon
the Opposition of this House, not so much as the
Opposition to the Republican party, but as the
Opposition to the Democratic party.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman will pardon me
if T decline further interruption. He stated his
view of the parties here in his speech the other
day.
Mr. COX. Not upon this subject. Sir, you
in the South find your opposition in the South
Americans. They oppose you there. We in the
North find our opposition among the Republicans.
The Opposition, the Republicans, and the Ameri-
cans, come to this House—they take their seats
together—they have a common unity, a common
vinculum binding them together—they fight the
Democratic party together. They are opposed,
not so much the one to the other as to the Dem-
ocratic party. And, sir, I look upon that Dem-
ocratic party as the only bond, under God and
the Constitution, to bind this Union together.
[Laughter from the Republican benches.] And I
would, therefore, vote consistently all the time for
a Democrat for Speaker.
Mr. RUST. You could never elect one, then.
Mr. COX. If there is to be an organization, let
the Republican party, if it can do it, make the
Speaker, and take the organization. If they have
power to carry on the business of this House, let
them try it, and we will meet them in 1860 with
their record, made here this winter, before the
people of the country. I will not help them to
the organization. On the united Opposition rests
the responsibility of disorganization.
Mr. HINDMAN. My colleague presupposes
that I will do what has been the habit of my past
life, and that is, go into a caucus with my fellow
Democrats and abide by their action. I will, sir,
but with this express reservation, which applies
to the action of every Democrat whenever a con-
vention of the party is held, that whenever the
Democracy will act as, in my judgment, Demo-
crats ought to act, whenever they will conform to
the established usages of the Democratic party in
nominating one who approves the principles and
who abides by Democratic usages, then I will be
found adhering unflinchingly to that nominee,
under all circumstances and against every oppo-
sition. But I say distinctly that I will not be
transferredby the voice of the Democratic majority
on this floor, or by any other power under heaven,
in any case whatever, to the support of a man who
docs not indorse and approve Democratic prin-
ciples and usages. There is but one state of facts
that can be supposed, under which I will vote for
a member of the so-called southern Opposition,
or, as I term it, the Know Nothing party, and that
is, m the event a choice is forced upon me between
a Black Republican and a Know Nothing; then,
as a choice of evils, reluctantly, and under the
pressure of circumstances, I will be constrained,
perhaps, to vote for the Know Nothing. But I
repeat that lwill give him my vote reluctantly.
I may say that 1 know, so far as my observa-
tion in my own State goes, that aid and comfort-
not by design, but in fact—has been given to the
Black Republican movement by the unfortunate
attitude which the southern Opposition assume
in reference to the Kansas-Nebraska act. Whilst
that act has been denounced in the North as a
breach of faith, it was also execrated as a breach
of faith in the South; and, sir, it was because of
that position of the southern Know Nothings that,
in my judgment, the Black Republicans were stim-
ulated to the excesses of their after course. I
