THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0.
RIVES,
WASHINGTON,
D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1859.
New Series.
....No. 18.
with their*; her sons will be found in the path of
duty and of honor, foremost, among1 those who
have boon driven into a fratricidal war, to draw
the sword in defense of all that is most valued
among- freemen.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Several gentlemen
around me appeal to me to yield the floor to each
of them. 1 should like very much to oblige all of
them; and I will, so far as 1 am concerned—if the
House will consent—yield for a few minutes to my
friend from Missouri, [Mi, Axdeiisox,] in order
that he may introduce a memorial; to my friend
from Indiana, who wishes to correct an error in
the report of the proceedings: and to my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] who wishes to make
an explanation. Another venerable member of
the House, with whom I haw not tho pleasure of
a personal acquaintance, [Mr. Bun-row,] lias also
appealed to me to allow lum ten or twelve min-
utes to read some remarks which he has reduced
to writing, 011 the subject of the organization of
the House. I yielded the floor this morning to
the gentleman from Arkansas, to make an expla-
nation. If the House permit me, I will yield for
these four purposes, and for no other.
Mr. RUFFIN. I want it distinctly understood
that I objcct—and 1 believe X have a right to do
it under the rules—to the gentleman from Illinois
yielding to anybody for any purpose. I am op-
posed to any one member keeping the floor for
three or four days, 01* a week, and letting it out.
It seems to me that enough of mi rnber.s Jo oa upy
the floor for two day:' have already applied to the
gentleman from Illinois for a chance to make ex-
planations. Let the gentleman ;;<> on, and get
through with his speech, and *<;ive other gentle-
men the opportunity to say what they have to say.
Mr. HILL. I only want two minutes.
Mr liQFFIN. L objected the other day, <:nd
I must objcct now.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri, f hope the
gentleman will withdraw his objection.
Mr. RUFFIN. If the gcnileman has a personal
^explanation to make, of course 1 have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. 1 have not;
but 1 desire the opportunity of piesentmi', to the
House a memoiial just handed to me by t he mail
contractors of the Government. I hope the gen-
tleman will permit me to have it lvod, and to make
a few remarks in connection with it.
Mr. RUFFIN. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 understand the
gentleman from North Carolina to object; and 1
iheiefore have to pioceed with my remarks.
Air. HILL. Do £ understand the genih-man
from North Carolina to object !o a pei.Mmal ex- :
planation ?
Mr. RUFFIN. No, sir; i said distinctly that
I did not object to mere personal explanation. Of
course, tho gentleman ean set himself r::rhi on the
lecord.
Mr. HILL. Some remarks fell from thi gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] pis' before he re-
turned his scat,which were calculafdtn <:;ive pain,
or at least to excite a fc<-ling of displeasure on tho
part of those with whom I act. I understood him
to say—and I will give him the opportunity of
correcting me if I make a misstatement—that he
looked on the southern Oppositionists and the
Republican party as a geijer.il Opposition to the
Democratic pai ty • Did 1 understand him aiighi?
Mi, COX. I will explain to my fru nd. I ;-Ui(ed
that there was a close affinity, a* 1 behoved, be-
tween the Republican end American organiza-
tions. I cannot ^o fully now into the explana-
tion; but I mean this, that on the matter of slavery
m the Territories, and matters connected with the
admission of new States, I have understood that
tho body of South Americans have always ben
in favor of intervention by Congress to protect
and establish slavery: and I have always under-
stood that the Republican party is 111 favor of in-
tervention to prohibit slavery.
Mr. HILL. And does the gentleman see, in
that, identity between the two parties?
Mr. COX. I do* and I will show you how.
18
Both parties are in favor of bringing that subject
into Congress, of intervening by Federal legisla-
tion with this subject, which is so agitating and
so inflammable; while the Democratic party comes
up to both of them and says—'• non-intervention
—hands of!'on this subject." While thf Ameri-
can party 011 the one hand claims to bring this
thing into Congress, and the Republican party 011
the other hand does the same thing, the Demo-
cratic party, as I understand the Cincinnati plat-
form, denies any such right to have that mattei
agitated within the hails of Federal legislation.
There iy, therefore, a common bond of unity be-
tween the Opposition.
Mr. SPINNER. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him if he has read the President's mes-
sage ?
Mr. COX. I am now upon the door by the
permission of the gentleman from Georgia. I will
give the gentleman an answer when 1 have the
onportunit y.
Mi. HILL. 1 would inquire of the gentleman
from Ohio whether, fiom his recollection of tho
elections in 3S5G, and th-> recent election in the
St.ue of New York, he thinks that there was an
identity of purpose exhibited between tho Amer-
ican and Republican parties?
Mr. COX. Tiie gentleman refers to the North
Americans. He will find them almost as antago-
nistic to his position a^ he will find the Democrats
who differ with him They do not hold the same
doctrines .is the southern Oppositionists, as 1 un-
derstand it. if they do, why does not tho gentle-
man from Georgia vote for a North American for
Speaker?
Mr. HILL. I have done no. I voted yester-
day for the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
13 rig g h . |
Mr. COX. And when tho gentleman found he
could not elect lum, why did he not vote for an-
other? Why did tic not vote for the gentleman
from Pennsyhania, [Mr. Morris ?]
Mr. BR! GGS. As t he only representative here of
the American party of the North, it devolves upon
me to state, for the information of the gentleman,
what its principles nr-\ without inquiring into any
questions as 10 any uiffui nee of opinion that may
exist between me as the representative of the
North American party and my southern friends.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] will peiniu
me <0 disabuse his mind upon one point. When
he was upon the floor, pi.st now, he ?;tat(d, if I
understood him corruotlv, that he could not vole
for what lie termed a Know Nothing, because
they were proseript ive of religion sopin j ons. Now,
sir. I conceive that I am .is Jamihar with what is
proposed by that party as the gentleman from
Ohio is, who h;r; piobnhiy never seen ,cSam.''
[L.iu^htei. j I declaim that we hold any pro-
i.cnptiw opinion.;. Ourprne-iph s and our orf< d
a'v strict fid-lny to the Consuluuou and obedi-
ence fo all the kws of the land. We stand ready
to combat sectionalism,letitcomcfrom what cjuar-
t'i it may. We an for the Union, and nothing
but the Union.
Mr. COX. One and inseparable? [Laughter.]
Mr. BIUGGS. Yes; one and inseparable.
Mr. COX. 1 understand that.
Mr. HILL. I merely wish to say here, that
so far as this debate has'taken tins sort of range,
I dismiss anything like an unpleasant feeling in
refeience to anything the gentli man from Ohio has
stated. The g< ntleman from Ohio says that the
Republicans hold to the power of Congress ovtr
the institution of slavery in tho Territori'-s, and
that tho southern Opposition, or some of them,
hold to the same doctrine. I tell hnn that many
of the Democrats with whom he sits here, and with
whom, 1 think, he has been proud to sit, inaugu-
rated that doctrine, perhaps. Mr. Alexander H.
Stephens, of Georgia, was conspicuous in main-
taining it a few yeais ago, and I do notknow that
h< has ever recanted tho^e opinions; and I heard
no complaint of the gentleman on that account.
I state for myself, as I did the other day, that 1
do think it is tho duty of the Government of this
great notion to protect, everything that is regarded
as property, which belongs to the citizens of the
United States, whenever it goes into, the common
territory of the country.
Mr. COX. One word in reply to the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object to one word
more.
Mr. COX. Just a word?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Not a word. Iam
an exceedingly amiable man; but I am afraid that
I shall get excited, if gentlemen trespass too far
upon my good nature. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRIS then'proceoiled to address the
House, and spolcc for two hours and a half, with-
out concluding his spccch, which he withholds
until it shall be completed. [It will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. HILL. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Illinois, who is evidently much fatigued,
I will move that tho House adjourn. Or, it any
gentleman hen1, thinks theio is anything to be
gamed by having a ballot, I am willing thatther«
should be a ballot, and that wc should then ad-
journ.
Several Members. Let us have one vote.
Mr. HILL. Very well. I move, then, that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I am opposed to any bal-
loting to-day.
Mr. CLARK, of-Missouri. I object to the
gentleman from Illinois giving way, for any pur-
pose whatever, either for an adjournment or a
ballot, until he concludes. I shall objcct from
this time forward.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
from Missouri labors under the impression that I
am going to break down entirely, he is mistaken.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. If the gentleman
says ho is indisposed, I, of course, will not insist
on his going on.
Mr. CLEMENS. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois are ail written, as I understand;
and I suppose ho will thank mc for moving that
ho have leave to publish the remainder. I mean
no disparagement to the gentleman; but I pre-
sume it would really be a favor to him not to
roquiie him to read?the remainder of his manu-
se npt.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will go on, unless
it be the wish of tho House to adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman
from Illinois is evidently indisposed, and I think
the House will not require him to go on. I ask
him to give way in order that we may take a bal-
lot and then adjourn.
fCrios of "Agreed!" on the Republican side.]
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to that.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I am opposed to
the gentleman's giving way for an adjournment,
or for any other purpose. [ want to hear him
tluough. Let, us have it all in one dose.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I understand that
1 the gentleman from Illinois is indisposed, and
I would prefer not to go on to-night. 1 withdraw
i all objection if he prefers an adjournment,
j Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I move that
: the House adjourn.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 object. I want tho coun-
try to understand that wo are kept here for tho
purpose of hearing the gentleman from Illinois
road a speech, and that thci care twenty-five pages
more to be read. Let tho gentleman publish the
lemainder of his remarks. I call for the yeas? and
nays upon the motion to adjourn.
If it were an oral speech that he were deliver-
ing, I would not make the slightest objection to
the course he might desire to pursue.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. And the gentleman
delivers written speeches, too.
Mr. CLEMENS. When I do, I try to get
thiough m one day, at least.
Mr. AIORRJSjof Illinois. The gentleman al-
lowed one of his colleagues, without objection, to
occupy the floor for two or three days,^ yet he
now objects when a motion, is made to adjourn to
accommodate me. If the gentleman is tenacious
of his objection, I presume that I con rally enough
