1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nvu'.uniu,through anyofthe Territories of the United States,
a biarich (me. so as to connect their said line or lines with
Oregon; and that they shall have tile permanent right of
way for said line or lines, under, or over, any unappropri-
ated public lands and waters in saul Territories, with the
free use duiing the said term of such lands as may be ne-
cessary for the purpose of establishing stations I'or repairs
alons; said line or lines, not exceeding, at any station, one
quarter section of land, such stations not to exceed one in
fifteen miles on an average of the whole distance; said eon-
tractors, or their assigns, to have the right to purchase such
lands as may be selected by them as stations during the
term aforesaid, at the rate of-$t 25 per acre.
Sec. 3. Jlnd fee it farther enacted, That if, in any year
during the continuance of the said contract, the business
done for the Government as hereinbefore mentioned by
such contractors, or their assigns, shall, at the ordinary rate
of charges for private messages, exceed the price contracted
to be paid as aforesaid, the excess shall be paid by the Post-
master General.
Mi-. GWIN. I ask the Secretary to read the
amendments which tho committee propose to the
substitute reported by them.
The Secretary read the amendments: in line
fire of the substitute to strike out the word "Nor-
man," and insert "JNforvin;" after the word
" Stebbins,'' in the seven th line to insert "JamesS.
Graham;" in line twelve, after the word '• river,"
insert " by any route or routes wiiicii the said
contractor may select;" in line seven of section
two, after the word " Territories," to insert the
words " by any route or routes which the said
contractor may select; "and to insert at the end of
the bill tho following:
Provided, That the use of the line be given at any time,
free of cost, to the Coast Survey, the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, and tiie National Observatory, for scientific purposes.
Mr. GWIN. I move those amendments which
have been read to the bill. I hope the amend-
ments will be acted upon all together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection the Chair will put the question on the
amendments together. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendments which have justbeen read.
Mr. CLINGMAN Is not the motion to print
those amendments ?
Mr. WADE. I understand it was merely pro-
posed to nrint the amendments.
Mr.GWlN. I want them acted on and printed,
and then we shall be done with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendments which have
been rea.d.
Mr. WADE. I thought the intention was only
to print tho amendments.
Mr. GWIN. They are mere verbal amend-
ments.
Mr. KING. I hope that the amendments will
be printed, and the subject then passed over, in
order that we may have an opportunity to see
precisely what they are.
Mr. GWIN. The bill itself is not in consid-
eration at all. We are just maturing the substi-
tute reported by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. KING. There is no objection to printing
the amendments; but I thought tho Chair was
putting the question on agreeing to the amend-
ments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendments which have been
read by the Secretary.
Mr. GWIN. Tlie bill is not in consideration
at all. I want the bill, as it is reported by the
committee, printed, with these amendments in-
serted in it. I merely propose that those amend- j
ments be inserted in the proposition of the com- 1
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from California to propose
certain amendments to the bill.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Chair then
puts the question upon agreeing to those amend-
ments before putting the question to print. •
Mr. WADE. I do not understand this at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
again state that the question is on the motion of
the Senator from California.
Mr. WADE. I understood his motion was to
print the amendments,and notintroduce anything
that might give rise to debate.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads wished these additional amend-
ments to be inserted in the substitute reported by
them, and they are all verbal in their character,
for tho purpose of having it printed as amended,
to come up for consideration as the action of the
committee. It is not intended to come up to-day
at all. We want the bill to stand as if these
amendments were reported originally from the
committee, and then that it be printed. There is
nothing in it at all.
Mr. WADE. When we adopt the amend-
ments, I do not see why we want them printed.
Here it is proposed to adopt them first and print
them afterwards.
Mr. GWIN. If we adopt these amendments
now, they will come up for consideration here-
after. The bill has been reported from the
committee with a substitute, and the committee
subsequently report these amendments to their
substitute, that is all. The proposition is not to
consider the bill to-day.
Mr. KING. The better way would be to have
the amendments printed without acting on them.
Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly willing that the
bill should be printed with the amendments re-
ported by the committee. I do not want final ac-
tion oil them at all.
Mr. WADE. Then that is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the present
form of tho motion of tho Senator from California,
the question is to print the bill with tho amend-
ments proposed, without voting on the amend-
ments.
The n^otion was agreed to
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WADE, I now move to take up the home'
stead bill.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole—the bill (S. No. 1) to grant to any person
who is the head of a family, and a citizen of the
United States, a homestead of one hundred and
sixty acres of land outof the public domain, upon
condition of occupancy and cultivation of the same
for the period herein specified—the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina.
Mr. WADE. That is the Senate bill, as I un-
derstand. I want to know now if it is in order to
move to strike, out. all after the enacting clause of
the Senate bill under consideration, and to insert
the House bill as a substitute for it. If it is in or-
der to amend it in that way, I make that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What effect will that mo-
tion have upon my amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first mo-
tion in order is the amendment proposed by the
Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to offer a little ex-
planation of that amendment. I do not wish to
take up much time. I do not desire to have it lost
sight of. If the Senator from Ohio desires to
speak at length on the bill, I, of course, will give
way.
Mr WADE. No, sir, I do notexpect to speak
at length upon it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have not yet succeeded
in understanding the position in which this mat-
ter stands. I understand that there was referred
to our committee a House bill on this subject. I
understand there was also a Senate bill on the
same subject. I understand it is stated now that
tho committee propose to amend the House bill
by substituting for it the Senate bill. Am I right?
Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir; sub-
stantially so.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then the House bill is
before us.
Mr. CLINGMAN. No; I must correct the
Senator. We ordered the amendment to it to be
printed, and it is not before us. It was by com-
mon consent that the Senatorfrom Tennessee was
allowed to report it. It is no more before us than
any other bill that has been reported. The only
bill, I take it, which is now under consideration,
is the Senate bill, and to that my amendment is
pending. , ,
Mr. COLLAMER. We shall understand each
other before we get through. I do not know how
there can be an amendment reported by a com-
mittee to a bill that is not before us.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the Senator
from Vermont will permit me a single moment, I
think I can set this whole thing right. When we
adjourned yesterday, the Senate bill to grant
homesteads to actual settlers was the unfinished
business before the Senate This morning, at
one o'clock, the President announced that the
unfinished business was before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was the Senate bill.
Mr. JOHN SON, of Tennessee. Yes, the Senate
bill. By courtesy, not pushing that measure out
of its place, I reported back the bill that had been
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, with
an amendment striking out all after the enacting
clause.
Mr. COLLAMER. What was that?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The House
bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then the House bill is
here ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The House
bill is here, an order having been made to print
the amendment; which leaves the unfinished busi-
ness before us, being the Senate bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then we stand now upon
the Senate bill; and that alone, at present, is be-
fore us.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the permission of the
Senate for a few moments, to explain the amend-
ment I have offered.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it be read.
The Secretary then read it, as follows :
Strike out, in the first section, the words " to enter one
quarter section of vacant and unappropriated public landa,
or a quantity equal thereto, to be located in a body, in
conformity with the legal subdivisions of the public lands,
and after the same shall have been surveyed," and insert,
in lieu thereof, "to have issued to him or lier, by tho
Commissioner of Public Lands, a warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, to be located hi the same man-
ner as that under which the bounty land warrants here-
tofore Issued have been located, on any of the public lands
of the United States subject to entry, the applicant being
required to make proof, In support of his claim, in such
manner, and under such regulations as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Interiorso as to make die section
read :
That any person who is the bead of a family, and a
citizen of the United States, shall, from and after the pass-
age of this act, be entitled to have issued to him or lier, by
the Commissioner of Public Lands, a warrant, See.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, I think
that, on this amendment being understood by the
Senate,every Senatorwho is m favor of the prin-
ciple of the bill will adopt it; at any rate, I am
confident that every Senator who favors such a
proposition ought to support it. I am frank,
though, to admit, in the outset, that I have been
opposed to this poltcy of giving away the public
lands. In my judgment, the public lands stand
on the same footing as the other public property
of tho Government, and ought to be used for the
Government. I can make no distinction between
donations of land and donations in money; 1 takg
this to be a naked donation. While, therefore,
if you leave it to me, I would retain all the lands
for the use of the Government so as to keep down
the public taxes, nevertheless, there seems to bo
a disposition on tho part of many Senators here,
and there clearly is manifested in the other wing
of the Capitol a disposition to give away a large
portion of the public property. If that policy is
to be carried out, let us look for a few moments,
and see if my amendment docs not, fortunately,
free tho subject from all the difficulties that arc hi
the way of it.
Senators will see that the present homestead bill
is liable to two or three objections. One objection
is, that it operates very hard upon the settlers.
Under its provisions a man is obliged to go on
public land and work upon it for five years. He
must go into the woods, make some outlay of
capital, labor there continuously for five years be-
fore he gets any title. I believe if he happens to
remit his labors for only six months, forany un-
foreseen cause, he loses the benefit of all that ho
has already done. It is hardly necessary for me
to say to gentlemen that our Americans who are
of changeable minds and rove up and down the
country,do not like to be tied down to anyplace
for a long while; and it may happen that a man
may settle in a location which he finds to be un-
healthy, and, after two or three or four years, it
may be necessary for him to emigrate to some
other. Under the existing bill, as I understand
it, he loses the benefit of ail that labor; he is not
allowed to sell it; he must go off, and somebody
else comes in. The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Puoii] said, in the last Congress, that those men
who went into the new Territories and labored
there for five years, really put more work on the
land than it was worth Under his view, there-
