1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vided for the protection of private property against the en-
croachments of the Government."
Now, Mr. President, in that connection, let me
thank the honorable Senator from Mississippi for
bringing; the Senator from Illinois to the point the
other day. We have got him at last where we
can understand him. Again and again the dis-
tinguished Senator from Mississippi called upon
the Senator from Illinois to define what he meant
by squatter sovereignty. He was asked when
and how it is that the people of a Territory ac-
quired the right of self-government. I have here
his answer. Well might the Senator from Mis-
sissippi say that the more this subject was ex-
amined and discussed, the further we got apart.
What was the answer of the Senator from Illinois?
It was this. Shall 1 call it absurd? No, sir; sen-
atorial courtcsy will not permit it; but I state it
in his own language almost. I will read his words
presently. When the people of this country first
go into the wilderness and find there no govern-
ment whatever, and then exercise that inherent
right of self-defense which drives men, under the
laws that God has implanted m them, to associate
together in self-defense, and organize some sys-
tem of law for their own protection; then, when
it would seem to the common sense of universal
mankind that no one could say they were wrong
in doing that—then it is thatth^ Senator from Illi-
nois says he repudiates and opposes their power.
That is the squatter sovereignty that he objects
to. But when the sovereign has come in; when
the trustee of all the States has taken possession
of the common fund; when it has organized a gov-
ernment that suits it in the exercise of its discre-
tion, and when it has committed the administra-
tion of the affairs of the Territory, with certain
limitations under the Constitution of the United
States, to a Territorial Legislature—then, when
the sovereign is present, then the people become in-
vested, by some magical process, with an inherent
popular sovereignty that rises superior to the
author of their being. That is the position of the
Senator from Illinois.
In answer to the Senator from Mississippi, he
said:
" Regarding squatter sovereignty as a nick-name invented
by the te'enatoi and those with whom he acts, w Inch 1 have
never recognized, I must leave hun to define the meaning
of his own term. I have denounced squatter sovereignty
where you find it betting up a government m violation of
law, as you do now at Pike's Peak. I denounced it tins
vear. VVheie you find an unauthorized Legislaluie, in vio-
lation of law, setting up a government without the sanc-
tion of Congress or the Constitution—that is squatter sov-
ereignty winch I oppose. Theie is the case in Dakota,
wheie j ou have leu a whole people, without any law or
territorial organization, with no mode ol appeal liom then
squatter courts to the United States couits to eon-pet their
decisions. That is squatter sovereignty m violation of the
Constitution and laws of the United "state*. There is a
similar government feet upovci a part ot'the State ot (Jalifoi-
luii, and a part oi the Territory ol Utah, called Nevada. It
has had a Delegate here claiming that he implemented it. I
Dave denounced that a* unlawiul. If that is what the Sen-
ator reierredto, I am against it All 1 say iv that the people
of a Temtory, when they have been oii>amzed under the
Constitution and laws, have legislative powei over all uglU-
inl subjects of le:ii>iation consistent with the Constitution
of the United States."
Now, the Supremo Court of the United States
says that no tribunal, legislative, executive, or
judicial, acting under the authority of the United
States, can interfere with the right of asouthern
citizen to his property in the Territories. The
honorable Senator from Illinois says they cannot
do it until they arc organized under the authority
of the United States. Which is light? lie says
the people of a Territory do not get the power
until they arc organized under the authority of
the General Government. The Supreme Court
of the United States says, no earthly tribunal
organized under the-authority of the United States
can exercise that power.
Now, Mr. President, I cannot go any further
into the discussion of this case, because, in my
view of the ulterior purposes, it is unnecessary.
No sooner had that decision been made, than it
was attacked all over the land. It was attacked
by the Republican party. The honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] was not
satisfied with attacking the principles of the de-
cision. The Chief Justice, in order to come at
the point to which he was directing his attention,
declared that he could only reach that point by
thrusting into consideration the history of the
African race on this continent, and looking back,
m a historical point of view, to the date of the
adoption of the Constitution; and he proceeded to
give that history. He stated that at that date
certain principles were prevalent in the country,
and amongst them, that these unfortunate people
were considered by many as having no rights
which a white man was bound to rcspect. The
honorable ScnatorfromNcwHampshire repeated
here the other day,that the court had decided that,
in defiance, I suppose,of one thousand corrections
of the statement that had been made all over the
United States.
Again: the honorable Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] who is not now in his seat, and
whose claims upon the gratitude and confidence
of his party were so ruthlessly set aside at Chi-
cago, undertook to get rid of the decision by de-
nouncing the court; and Senators around me will
remember how again and again he stood up here
in the Senate and insinuated, in the face of the
country, that there had been a bargain between
the Chief Justice and the President of the Uni-
ted States. He saw what the decision was; he
did not attempt to evade or avoid it. He tried to
get rid of Us moral power by blackening the
character of its author. What says the honor-
able Senator from Illinois ? He does not do that.
He now says that his bargain was, that he would
abide by the decision of the court when it came
up from a local court in a Territory. He is not
satisfied with the decision, although given by the
tribunal to which we all agreed to refer it. He
says he did not agree to refer it in the Dred Scott
case; he agreed to refer it when a case should
arise in a Territory. Here is his language:
"Bear in nnnd that the repoit introducing the bill was
that these questions touchmgthe rightof piopeity in slaves
vveie lefened to the local courts, to the teuitonal courts,
with a right of appeal to the Supreme Court ot the United
States. When that case shall arise, and the court shall
pronounce its judgment, it will be binding on me, on you,
hir, and on eveiy good citizen."
Mr. President, 1 am not satisfied with that prom-
ise; and 1 am not satisfied with'il because the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, upon several mem-
orable occasions since the year 1857, has said out
of the presence of the Senate that, if the decision
was made, it would not bind the people of the
Territoiy; that the case could not be so decided
as to bind the Territory; that nothing that the
Supreme Court could do by decision could bind
the Territory; but, by the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
he had fixed the South so that the people of the
Tei ntory, m defiance of the decisions of the court,
could exclude slavery from the Territory.
Heie, Mr. President, let me come back to an
explanation of that fact which I spoke of before,
ani to which I asked the attention of the Senate
and the country. There stands the explanation
of the sudden change that has been wrought in the
relations of the Senator fioni Illinois with the rest
of the Democratic party. It was when,m the
year 1858, the year following this decision, pressed
by a canvass at home, eager to return t6 the Sen-
ate, he joined m canvassing the State of Illinois
with the gentleman who is now the candidate of
the Black Republican party for the Presidency.
Pressed in different portions of the State with this
very argument, that he had agreed to leave the
question to the court, that the court had decided
it in favor of the South, and that, therefore, under
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, slavery was fixed in
all the Territories of the United States; finding
himself going down in Illinois in that canvass, he
backed out from his promise, and directly told
the people of his State that, whether it had been
decided or not, and no matter what the court might
decide, the Kansas-Nebraska bill had fixed the
power in the people of the North to make every
Territory in the Union free.
In that contest the two candidates for the Sen-
ate of the United States, in the State of Illinois,
went before their people. They agreed to discuss
tlie issues; they put questions to each other for
answer; and I must say here, for I must be just
to all, that I have been surprised in the examina-
tion that 1 made again within the last few days of
this discussion between Mr. Lincoln and Mr.
Douglas, to find that Mr. Lincoln is a far more
conservative man, unless he has since changed
his opinions, than I had supposed him to be.
There was no dodging on his part. Mr. Doug-
las started with his questions. Here they are,
with Mr. Lincoln's answers:
* " Question 1. T desire to know whether Lincoln to-day
stands, as ho did in 1834, in favor of the unconditional re-
peal of the fugitive slave law.
" Answer. I do not now, nor ever did, stand in favor of
the unconditional repeal of the fugitive slave law.
" Question 2. I desire him to answer whether lie stands,
pledged to-day, as he did in 1854, against the admission of,
any more slave States into the Union, even if the people*
want them ?
" -Answer. I do not now, nor ever did, stand pledged
against the admission of any more slave States into the,
Union.
" Question 3. I want to know whether he stands pledged
against the admission of a new State into the Union with
such a constitution as the people of that State may see fit
to make?
" Jlnswer. I do not stand pledged against the admission
of a new State into the Union with such a constitution as
the people of that State may see fit to make.
'• Question 4. I want to know whether he stands to-day
pledged to the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia?
" Jlnswer. I do not stand to-day pledged, to the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Question 5. I desire him to answer whether he stands
pledged to the prohibition of the slave trade between the
different States ?
" -Answer. I do not stand pledged to the prohibition of the
slave trade between the different States.
"QuesfoonO. 1 desire to kno w whether he stands pledged
to prohibit slavery in all the Territories of the United States,
north as well as south of the Missouri compromise line ?
"jlnswer. I am impliedly, if not expressly, pledged to a
belief in the right and duty of Congress to prohibit slavery
in all the United States Territories.
" Question1. I desire him to answer whether lie is op-
posed to the acquisition of any new territory unless slavery
is fust prohibited therein?
"Jlnswer. I am not generally opposed to honest acqui-
sition of territoiy; and, in any given case, 1 would or would
not oppose such acquisition, accoidingly as I might think
such acquisition would or would not aggravate the slavery
question among ourselves."—Debates of Lincoln mid. Doug-
las, p. 88.
It is impossible, Mr. President, however we
may difierm opinion with the man, not to admire
the perfect candor and frankness with which these
answers were.given: no equivocation—no evasion.
The Senator from Illinois had his questions put to
Rim in his turn. All I propose to do now is to
read his answer to the second question:
" The next question propounded to me by Mr. Lincoln is,
can the people of a Territory, in any lawful way, against
the wibhes of any citizen of the United* States, exclude
staveiy from their limits prior to the formationofa State
constitution? J answer emphatically, as Mr. Lincoln ha?
heard me ansvvera hundred times fioin every stump in Illi-
nois, that, in my opinion, the people of a Territory can, by
lawlul means, exclude slaveiy fiom their limits prior to the
fonnation of a State constitution. Mr. Lincoln knew that
I had answered that question ovei and over again. He
heard me aigne the Nebraska bill on that principle all over
the State in 1854, in 1855, and in 1856, and he has no excuse
toi pretending to be m doubt as to my position on that
question."
All that was true; but see the art; the decision
had not come yet; now the decision has come;
now what?
" It matters not what way the Supreme Court may here-
after decide as to the abstiact question, whether slavery
may or may not go into a Territoiy under the Constitution,
tlie people have the lawful means to introduce or exclude
it as they please, for the reason that siaveiy cannot exist a
day or an hour anywhere unless it is supported by local po-
lice regulations. Those police regulations can only be es-
tablished by tlie local Legislature; and if the people are
opposed to Mavciy, they will elcct representatives to that
body who \vill,byuntuendJy legislation,effectually prevent
the introduction of it into their midst. Tf, on the contrary,
they are for it, their legislation will favor its extension.
Ilence, no matter what the decision of the Supreme Couit
may be on that abstiact question, still the right of the peo-
ple to make a slave Territory oi a free Territory is perfect
and complete under the Nebraska bill. I hope Mr. Lincoln
deems my answer satisfactory on that point."
Ho told us, a few days ago, that he had agreed
that that very question should be submitted to
and decided by the court. He put it out to us
here, when we all together advocated and sup-
ported the Kansas-Nebraska bill, that we were
submitting a judicial question to the courts, and
that when that question was decided, the Demo-
cratic party should be a unit on the question thus
decided; but when he goes home, and is pressed
in a local contest, and he sees the glittering prize
of a seat m this Chamber slipping from his grasp,
he turns his back upon his promise; he repudi-
ates his words; he tells his people, as he says' he
has told them a hundred times before, that, even
if the court decides against them, he has, in the
Kansas-Nebraska act, obtained for the free States
a perfect right to make a free Territory of every
Territory in the Union, notwithstanding the de-
cision of the court; and yet the honorable Sena-
tor stands up here and arraigns his Democratic
brethren; accuses them of breach of faith; talks
to them of turning him out of the party; and tri-
umphantly appeals to the records of 1850 to show
his consistency. Now, we tell him that we will
not stand such promises any more. Once deceived
a wise man may be; twice deceived, by the same
