2238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
person and. the same means, he is a dupe and a
fool. He tells us now again, " leave it to the
courts; because, no matter what their decision is,
I have fixed you on the Kansas-Nebraska bill, in
spite of all decisions and of all courts. Fellow-
citizens of Illinois, I have got the South for you.
I have got them so that, no matter what the de-
cision is, you can have a free Territory, whatever
the decision is, and keep their slaves out always."
"Well, sir, what occurred further in that contro-
versy ? His competitor was shocked at the profli-
gacy of the Senator. His competitor said to him—
and here is the argument—"everybody knows
that the Dred Scott decision has determined the
principle that a citizen of the South has a right
to go into the Territory, and there, under the
Constitution, his property is protected, and yet
you are telling the people here that their legisla-
tors, when they swear to support the Constitu-
tion, can violate that constitutional provision."
Mr. Lincoln held up his hands in horror at the
proposition. He was bold in the assertion of his
own principles; but he told the Senator from Illi-
nois m that discussion that what he was saying
was a gross outrage on propriety, and was break-
ing the bargain he had made. But again, sir, he
told the Senator from Illinois that he did not be-
lieve in the Dred Scott decision, because, said he,
if the Dred Scott decision be true, and slavery
exists in the Territories under the Constitution
of the United States, then it also exists in the
States—it exists in Pennsylvania as well as in
Kansas.
The contest ended. On the popular vote, the
Senator from Illinois was beaten; but according
to the division of the representative and senatorial
districts of the State, he was reelected. The pop-
ular vote upon the election of members of thq,
Senate and Legislature was one hundred and
twenty-one thousand in his favor, one hundred
and twenty-five thousand in favor of the Repub-
lican candidate, and five thousand votes in favor
of what he called the Danites. All the State Re-
publican officers were elected; but there was a
majority of the Legislature of Illinois electcd in
favor of the Senator from Illinois, and ho came
back here in triumph.
Last spring I was forced to leave my country
from an attack of a disease in the eyes, which re-
quired attention abroad. I went to get the atten-
tion of eminent oculists abroad. For six or eight
months I was debarred from reading or writing.
I came back just before the opening of this
Congress; and I found that during my absence
the honorable Senator from Illinois hail been en-
gaged in a controversy in the public journals and
magazines of the country m lelation to the prin-
ciples that governed the Territories of the United
States, arid that he had copied into those articles
the very arguments that his Republican opponent
in Illinois had used against him, and was then
using against the Democratic party. [Laughter.]
I have got them hero. First, that it may not bi:
said that I originated this charge,after these, mag-
azine articles were printed, and after the Sena-
tor's opponent, Mr. Lincoln, had taxed him with
want of good faith under the Constitution for al-
leging the power of the local Legislature to go
through with this unfriendly legislation, in a sub-
sequent speech, delivered at Columbus, Ohio, in
September, 1851), Mr. Lincoln said to the people:
'•Judge Douglas s.tyw, if the Constitution cairion slaveiy
into the Territories, beyond the power ot the people of the
Territories to control it a* other propeity, then it follows
logically that eveiy one \\ ho svvem  to Mippoi t the Consti-
tution ot" the United States must give that support to that
property which it needs. And it the Constitution carries
slavery into the Teintorics bejond the power of the people
to control it as other piopeitv, then it al.-o carries it into
the States, because the Constitution is the supienio law of
the land. Now, gentlemen, if it were not for my excessive
modesty I would say that! told that very thing to Judge
Docolas quite ayear ago. This aigument here in punt,
and if it were not for my modesty, as I said, t might call
your attention to it. It' you read it, you will rind that I not
only made that argument, but made it better than he has
made it since."
[Laughter.]
Now, let us look at Judge Douglas's argument
on this subject in Harper's Magazine. The Sen-
ator from Illinois, after thus deliberately violating
the agreement that he made with his brother Dem-
ocrats; after flying from the result of the decision
which he himself had provoked and proposed;
after declaring that, no matter how many decis-
ions might be made, he could always get clear of
them, because he had so fixed it in the Nebraska
bill that the people of the Territory could always,
in spite of the decisions, make free Territories,
then proceeded, m his canvass for the Presidency,
to address himself to the people of the United
States through a magazine; and the next trick—
I am not speaking of it in the sense of dishonor
or dishonesty—the next fantastic trick of the Sen-
ator, was to dress up a magazine article with the
answers of his Republican opponent in Illinois
brought forward as discoveries by himself, and
claimed as discoveries by himself, as I shall show;
and he put forth, to the astonished gaze of the
American Republic, his new theory, that the word
" States," when employed in the Constitution of
the United States, often means "Territories."
Let us first look at this new constitutional discov-
ery. In order that 1 may do the Senator no in-
justice, I will read what, I am sure, on its being
read,if I had not the book in my hand, would be
supposed to be a caricature of the opinions of a
public man. In speaking of the clause about the
surrender of fugitive slaves, he says:
" It will be observed that the term i State' is used in this
provision, as well as m various other parts of the Constitu-
tion, in the same sense in which it was used by Mr. Jeffer-
son, in bis plan for establishing governments for the new
States in the territory ceded, and to be ceded, to the Uni-
ted States, and by Mr. Madison, in his proposition to con-
feron Congress power 1 to institute temporaiy Governments
for the new States anting m the unappropriated lands of the
United States,' to designate the political communities,
Territories as well as States, within the dominion of the
United States."
Here it is, and he goes on to prove it, as he
says; and the proof is so amusing that I will re-
lieve this rather tedious discussion by reading it
for the amusement of the Senate:
" The woid' States' is used m the same cense in the or-
dinance of the 13th of July, 1787, lor the government of the
territoiy northwest of the uver Ohio, which was parsed
hy the remnant of the Congress of the Confederation, sit-
ting in New York, while its most eminent members weie
at Philadelphia, as delegates to the Federal convention,
aiding in the fonnatioh of the Constitution of the United
States.
" Jn this sense the word ' States' is used in the clause
providing for the rendition of fugitive slaves, applicable to
all political communities under the authority of the United
States, including the Teriitones as well as the seveial
States of the Union. Under any other construction, the
right of the ownei to recover his slave would be lestucted
to the States of the Union, leaving the Territories a serine
place of lefuge lor all lugtiives. The same rematk is ap-
plicable to the clause of the Constitution which provides
that' a poison ehaiged in any State with ueason, felony, or
other cume, who shall llee lrom justice, and be found in
another State, shall, on the demand ot the executive au-
thority ot the SUcte fmni which he fled, be deh\ered up to
be lemoved to the State having jurisdiction of the cume.'
Unh as the term State, a^ used in these piovnions of the
Constitution, shall be construed to include every distinct
political community under the jurisdiction of the United
State>, and to apply to Teriitones as well as to the States
of the Union, the TeriUoiies mu-t become a sanctuary for
.ill the fugitives hum M-ivice ami justice, Ibi all tne felons
and ciirmnaN who slial1 escape from the several states, and
seek refuge and immunity m the Tcrritoncs.
" If any other illustration weie necessaiy to show that
the political comnmmiu s which we now call Tcwitories
(but which, during the whole period of the Coufedeiation
and the formation ol the Constitution, weie alwaysrefeiic-d
to as 4 States' oi * new States') aie recognized as ' States'
in some of the provisions oi the Constitution, they may be
lound in those clauses which deelate that 'no State' shall
enter into any ' tieaty, alliance, orcontedetation ; grant let-
teis of m.iique and repusnl; coin money; emit bills of
credit; make anything but gold and silver coin ,i tender in
payment ot debts; pass any b.ll oi attainder, cx post facto
law, or Jaw impairing the obligation ot conliacts, or'grant
any title of nobility.'
It must be home in nund that in each of these cases
where the power is not expressly delegated to Congiess,
the ptohibnion i.s not imposed upon the Federal Goverri-
menr,but upon the Staff«. There was no necessity for any
such prohibition upon Congress or the Federal Govern-
ment, forthe leason that the omission to delegate any such
poweis m the Constitution was of itself a piohibition, and
so declared m express tenris by the tenth amendment, which
declarehthat1 tne powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, noi prohibited by it to the States, aie
reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.'
"Hence it would certainly be competent tor the States
and Territories to exeicisc these poweis but for the pro-
hibition contained in tho.se provisions of the Constitu-
tion ; and inasmuch as the prohibition only extends to the
(States,' the people of the k Teintones' are still at liberty
to exercise them, unless the Terntoues are included within
the trim States, within the meaning of these provisions ot
the Constitution of the United States."
That is a constitutional argument elaborately
propounded to what the honorable Senator from
Georgia yesterday said was the nonsense of the
country. Mr. President, is it not observable, does
not everybody see, that the Senator from Illinois
was driven into just that nonsense when he as-
sumed the power of the people of a Territory to
exercise what he terms squatter or popular sov-
ereignty? If they be, indeed, sovereigns, he is i
right; there is no prohibition on them in the Con-
stitution of the UnitedStates, for the prohibitions
are upon States alone, and not upon territorial
governments. If, therefore, they be popular sov-
ereigns, he does not get rid of his difficulty by
saying that when the Constitution talks about
Statesit means Territories, because that is not so;
but he brings himself just to that reductioad ab-
surdum which, with his peculiar perspicacity he
saw straight before him: if the Territory is sov-
ereign, as there is no restriction upon that sover-
eignty in the Constitution, because the Constitu-
tion restricts only the sovereignty of the States
and the Federal Government, necessarily the peo-
ple of a Territory have a right to raise armies, to
wage war, to emit bills of crcdit, to exercise all
those powers that the Constitution of the United
States prohibits the States from exercising. In
order to get rid of this direct additional absurdity
into which he was plunged, he saw no other rem-
edy than to appeal to the nonsense of the public
with a statement that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States meant "Territories" when it said
" States."
But, sir, I have said that the honorable Senator
from Illinois had in this magazine taken the ar-
guments used by his Republican opponent in the
senatorial canvass in Illinois and put them be-
fore the people of the country asai guments against
his Democratic associates who differed with him
in opinion. I have read to you what Mr. Lin-
coln said on that subject in his speech in Septem-
ber, 1859. Here is what Mr. Lincoln said in the
speech delivered by him m reply to Mr. Douglas,
at Jonesboro, on the loth of September, 1858:
" To this Judge Douglas answered, that they [the peo-
ple of a Teiutoiy] can lawfully exclude slavery fiotn the
Tevntory puor to the formation of a constitution. He goes
on to tell us how it can be done. As I understand lum, he
holds that it can be done by the Territoual Legislature re-
fusing to make any enactments forthe protection of slavery
in the Territory, and especially by adopting unfueridly
legislation to it. For the sake of clearness i will state it
again, that they can exclude slavery fioin the Terutoiy,
hist, by withholdmg^what he assumei to bo an indispensa-
ble assistance to it in the way of legislation ; and, second,
by uulneridly legislation, if I rightly understand him, 1
wish to ask yout attention for awhile to his position.
"In the tir t place, the Supieme Couit ol the United
States has decided that any congressional prohibition of
slaveiy In the Teintones is unconstitutional—that they
have leached this proposition as a conclusion from their
former proposition, that the Constitution of the United
States expiessly recognizes pioperty in slaves, and fiotn
that other constitutional piovi->ion, that no pci on shall be
depnved ofpioperty without due process of law
Pretty straightforward propositions, one would
suppose.
" Hence they reach the conclusion that, as the Constitu-
tion ot the United States expressly recognizes propeity m
slaves, and piohibits anypeison fiom being deprived of
property without due pioeessol' law, to pass an act of Con-
gross by which a man who owned a slave on one side of a
line would be depnved oi him if he took him on the other
side, i  depriving him of that propeity without due process
of law. That I understand to be the decision of the Su-
preme Couit. I understand, also, that Judge Douglas ad-
hcies mo.st firmly to that decision; and the difficulty is,
how is u possible for any power to exclude slaveiy Horn
the Teiutoiy unless in violation of that decision ? That is
the difheulty.
"In the Senate of the United States, in 1850, Judge
Trumblll, in a tpeeeh, substantially, if not duectly, put
the same mtenogatory to Judge Douglases to whether
the people of a Teiritory had the lawful power to exclude
slaveiy pi 101 to the foiuiatiuii of a constitution. Judge
Douglas then ansvveied at considerable length, and his
answer will be found m the Congressional Globe under the
date of June 9,
I have not that answer, but I have his answer
of the 2d of July, 1856, which the Senator from
Georgia read yesterday, in which he says:
"My answer then was and now is'1—
Hereishis senatorial answer in Congresshere—
"My answet then was, and nowis, that it the Constitu-
tion cairies slavery there, let it go, and no power on eaith
can take it away ; but it the Constitution docs not cairyit
theie, no power but the people can carry it thgre."
Not just what he said in Illinois. Mr. Lincoln
proceeds:
" The Judge --aid that whether the people could exclude
slavery prior to the formation of a constitution or not, was
a question to be dccided by the Supreme Court. He put that
proposition, as will be seen by tl*e Congies&ional Globe, in
a variety of forms, all running to the same thing in sub-
stance—that it was a question for the Supreme Court. I
maintain that when he says, after the Supreme Court have
decided the question, that the people may yet exclude sla-
very by any means whatever, he does vntually say that it
is not a question for the Supreme Court. He shifts hi3
ground. I appeal to you whether he did riot say it was a
question for the Supreme Court. Has not the Supreme
Court decided that question? When he now says the peo-
ple may exclude slavery, does he not make it a question for
