1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3183
mcnt, as well as the contract. Now, in the face
of that fact, although Mr. Russell says he does
not claim in the form which they claim, he docs
say he claims for precisely what the House agrees
to allow, and then the dilFerence between the full
contract price and the curtailed price, upon the
idea that it had cost them as much to do the cur-
tailed service as the other. Russell says he claims
for that, and that claim is known to us, and is
pending before us; and if the provision which the
House has sent us in the appropriation bill for
1860passes,Mr. Russell isentitledto receive that
compensation; and thus we shall have paid double
to these parties, once to Hockaday & Liggit,and
another time to Russell, for the same thing. That
is the state of the case. I think 1 have said enough to
show to the Senate that it is acase which deserves
then* investigation; for I tell gentlemen there is
no ground upon which this can be allowed, except
that we will go behind the contract and look inio
the equities, and pay damages for exercising the
privilege of curtailment where the privilege was
provided; and that if we allow it in this case, we
must allow it in every other, from the beginning
of the Government down to this time.
Gentlemen say that the damage for which they
claim resulted from the failure of the appiopria-
tion bill. I meet them upon that point hy refer-
ring the Senate to the memorial of the parties, in
which they expressly negative that as a ground
of claim to us; and, apparently in order to
strengthen theii asscition, they say that the cause
of their injury was solely due to the curtailment.
Now, that it could not be due to the curtailment,
I have shown, by the two facts, that they sold the
contract for a bonus, after [ho reduction, of §50,000;
and by the other fact that the Department states,
in a letter, what every contractor knows, that if
the number of trips is reduced, the contractor is
not bound to take any more than the description
of service he has contracted for can conveniently
convey. That is the ground upon which I con-
sider it my duty to oppose this bill.
Now, sir, I wish to say a word further, which
does not belong to the case, but which belongs to
my friends, who are so much interested in this
bill. T know their feelings are very much inter-
ested in it by the character and personal merits
of the individual who is here claiming; I know
they feel somewhat excited towards me for the
opposition that I make to this case; but I felt it
to be my duty, a public duty, acting as a member
of the committee to which this matter has been
intrusted, to call the attention of the Senate to the
principle involved in the case, and to the facts con-
nected with it, in order that, if it docs pass, we
may know what we are passing-, and what prin-
ciple of legislation we are establishing for the fu-
ture. I do it, of course, without any personal feeling
at all in the matter, but purely with the purpose
of calling the attention of the Senate to the sub-
ject, in order that they may pass upon it under-
standingly; and, having done so, I am perfectly
{satisfied, and perfectly willing that it shallgive
all that is asked for, if they can propeily do it.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, 1 fuel no sort of
excitement towards the Senator from Florida; but
I feel that, in resisting this claim, he has been
doing what he thinks to be his duty; and there-
fore I have no objection to make to it at all. I
wish to say that, while the Senator from Florida
thinks the exercise of this curtailing power—that
is what it is—governmental power, m the hands
of the Postmaster General, was kindly and ten-
derly exercised, there are others who think it was
most hardly enforced. I have before me the affi-
davit of Mr. R. H. Porter, as respectable a gen-
tleman as can be found, and who lives in the same
county with Mr. Liggit, and who knows Liggit
and the public sentiment there, and he says:
" Evpry onf at all conversant with the matter, in Mis-
souri, tlunks these contractors have been eiuelly Heated
by their Government; ami affiant enta tains nodouht ihe
estimate of £61),000 will not cover their lo s Irom the cau.-es
referiod to."
Mr. YULEE. I ask my friend if the cruel
treatment was not the simple curtailment, not the
manner in which it was done? Mr. Porter knew
nothing about that.
Mr. POLK. Of course; for I have no doubt
it was done in as honeyed words as it could be
done, and just as kindly, so far as that is con- 1
cerned, as'could be; like the sharp knife that took 1
a man's head oil* almost before he knew he was
touched; but the misfortune was, the head fell
over the block. There is the difficulty, and the
kind words do not lessen the force of the blow.
Nfcw,Mr.President, the Senator has said there
was no loss to these parties, because they sold the
contract before ihecurtailment actually took place.
| The fact was, that they were notified early in
| May that the contract was to be curtailed; but the
; curtailment was not to commence until the 1st of
July; but in the eaily part of May, they found
themselves utterly incapacitated to carry on the
contract—utterly ruined—and were compelled to
sell at as great a sacrifice as they would have been
compelled to sell at if the sale had taken place
after the 1st of July. Therefore, I am sorry to
say, it seems to me that if the attempt is not so—
I do not l^fievc it is—the result is to make a false,
fallacious,and deceptive impression on the minds
of the Senate on that point.
The Senator denies that the curtailing service
left the amount of mail matter to be carried
just as much as it was before. He says there
is a letter from the Postmaster General's Office
to the effect that the curtailing of service does not
compel the party to carry more than the amount
of mail matter his coaches will be able to trans-
port. No such letter as that was sent to Mr.
Hockaday, when he protested against the reduc-
tion. When he protested against the curtailment,
it was not said to him, " run a coach once in two
weeks,and take what you can." If that had been
the case, it would have been undoubtedly differ-
ent; but they left him to his contract as it was.
Let any Senator look at the contract. 1 say the
contract leaves him to carry the whole mail mat-
ter; and in that bid, to which I shall have occa-
sion to refer the Senate by and by again, when he
bids for six hundred pounds service, (1 ought to
say here, in justice to him, that this was in June,
18.37,) the estimate is furnished for six hundred
pounds service, at some sixty-two thousand dol-
lars a yeai; but when he bids for the whole mail
matter, it is $145,000. It is more than double;
j and yet the Senator says it is not true that, after
! the curtailment, he was compelled to cairy the
whole omountof mail matter that has accumulated
there.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
Mr. POLK. I am soiry that is said, Mr. Pres-
ident, for it looks like double-dealing on the part
of this Department; for when Mr. Hockaday
wrote his first protest, and insisted upon that as the
main ground of injury to him, and they lesponded
to him, they made no such response as is now
made by this Department, after this matter comes
before them.
Mr. YULEE. It was a matter of regulation
known to the contractors. It is a rule governing
the practice of the Department.
Mr. POLK. 1 hope the Senator will not inter-
rupt me too often.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly not.
Mr. POLK. We have not enough time anyhow.
But what I have to say in answer is this: when he
wrote that protest, and made it one of the special
grounds of complaint, in their response to him
they never once undertook to correct that impres-
sion. They could not correct it. The contract
called for it, and their regulations could not inter-
fere with the contract. He understood hiscontract,
and acted on his contract; and when lie insisted on
his contract, they did not tell him he might run
only once in two weeks, and carry as much as
might be convenient.
Then it is said that there has been a transfer of
the rights of these parties to Messrs. Russell
& Co., and that the House have given them just
what Russell & Co. claim. Mr. President, we
have nothing to do here with the basis of es-
timate on which the^Mouse put this matter. I
will grnnt that the House put it on a wrong bot-
tom. They put it on this bottom: that the Gov-
ernment should pay back to Hockaday & Liggit
what the Government had gained by this outiage
upon them. But that is not the true ground. If
the Government did not gain a cent; if the Gov-
ernment did them a wrong, the Governmentought
to repair and indemnify them for that wrong.
The House made that mistake. 1 admit that. But
I deny that there is any transfer by this contract
by Hockaday & L'gg't to Mr. Russell, of any
claim for damages m tins case, and for the claim
that they makehere. in the fust place, the phrase
in the contract of sale—I dislike to take up the
time of the Senate by referring to these things,
but perhaps I ought todo it—is this: Mr. Russell
wished to get the right to come before Congress
for additional compensation for carryingthis mall
for once a week; for he knew very well he would
have to carry it once a week; and he did carry it
once a week. He knew it was less expensive to
carry it once a week, and he did so carry it, and
in his contract, in order to get the services of Mr.
Hockaday, it is provided:
And tlie said John M. Hockaday further agrees to give
hi* personal aid and influence to secure the interest* of
Jones, Russell & Co. before Congress for an increased
compensation for carrying paid mail, so far as lie can with
convenience to bis own business intei eats. The said Jones,
Russell 8c Co. agie« to pay liim a liberal compensation
therefor in case of success."
Now* I say this is what Russell & Co# were
contracting to get from J. M. Hockaday. And
then it is added:
" It is expressly understood that the said J. M. Hocka-
day and J. M. Hockaday & Co. sell, assign, and set over
with said con tt act, all claim or claims in behalf of the sarae^
before Congress oi the Depaitmeut."
"In behalf of the contract." It was not for
the injury they had received, by being crushed
down in taking away this contract from them
that they sell to Russell &• Co.; but they say to
Russell & Co. that any claim that can be made,
and the fruit of any claim that can be made, for
carrying this mail weekly, notwithstanding the
reduction from once a week to twice a month,
they are willing they should have, and they would
exercise their utmost influence for the purpose of
getting that for them, so far as they could exer-
cise that influence. In accordance with that
agreement, we have a letter from Mr. Russell, in
which he distinctly states that he makes no claim
upon Congress for the matter that he understands
these parties claim for; that is, for the injury that
has been done, and damage consequent upon it
by this, as 1 think, unlawful violation of the con-
tract—I may say a word about that bcfoie I con-
clude—but only for the increased compensation.
That is* all he claims. And, sir, allow me to say
that T would carefully add the Senator's amend-
ment to the House bill; and he has framed that
amendment, and the House bill itself is so framed,
that the benefit o.f it goes to the contractor, and
not to the assignee of the contractor. Jones, Rus-
sell & Co., who are the assignees of Hockaday &
Liggit, make no claim to that.
Then it is said by the Senator from Florida that
for this inference the contract stipulates there
shall be a month's pay; and in his report he says
that the contractors have received it by their as-
signees.
But,Mr. President, it has been suggested to me
that the time is nearly out. I will not take up
more of the time of the Senate in explaining this
matter. I wish a vote on it this morning; but I
am satisfied that the grounds on which the Sena-
tor puts it are not the tiue grounds. He refers
to the returns of this contract. In the first place,
I think it is a poor business for Congress to say,
in a case like this, which is intended to put all
the power in the hands of the Government, that
if the Government, in a contingency that was not
contemplated when the contract was made, shall
interfere to crush a man to the ground and ruin
him, they shall not give him redress, because the
contract was so broadly diawn as to cover his
case, and leave him without stiict legal lemedy;
but when you come to apply his argument, itdoes
not apply here at all; for this contract does not
say tliat the Postmaster General is the arbiter to
determine whether this exigency has arisen upon
which the contract shall be intei iered with at all.
This correspondence shows that when Mr. Hock-
aday is notified that they had made this curtail-
ment, he said: '' You have no right to do it, and
cannot do it without consulting me; I have some-
thing to say on this subject, as well as you.M He
contests the point right there.
Then the Senator says this contract was drawn
with special reference to the condition of things
in Utah. It is so drawn. It is unfortunately the
fact; it was an oversight on the part of the Post-
master Genera], or the party who drew the con-
tract, no doubt; but the fact is so. that $190,000 is
stipulated as the price to be paid, even though it
may be reduced. That is, perhaps, by filling a
blank; but it was so drawn.
Now, I have one word to say about the bonus
of which the Senator speaks. In this case, the
