1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22W
the people ? Does he not virtually shift his ground, and say
that it is not a question for the court, but for the people?
This is a very simple pioposition—a very plain and naked
one." ******** *
u Again: I will ask you, my friends, if you were elected,
members of the Legislature, what would be the first thing
you would have to do before entering upon your duties?
Swear to support the Constitution of the United States. Sup-
pose you believe, as Judge Douglas does, that the Consti-
tution of the United States guaranties to your neighbor the
right to hold slaves in that Territory—that they are his prop-
erty—how can you clear your oaths, unless you give him
such legislation as is necessary to enable him to enjoy that
property? What do you understand bysupporting the con-
stitution of a State or of the CJnited States? Is it not to
give such constitutional helps to the rights established by
that constitution us may be practically needed? Can you,
if you swear to support the Constitution, and believe that
the Constitution establishes a right, clear your oath, with-
out giving it support? Do you support the Constitution if,
knowing or believing there is a right established undei it
which needs specific legislation,you withhold that legisla-
tion? Do you not violate and disregaid your oath? 1 can
conceive of nothing plainer in the woild. There can be
noihingm the words ' support the Constitution,' if you may
run counter to it by refusing support to any right established
under the Constitution. And what I say here will hold with
still more force against the Judge's doctrine of' unfriendly
legislation.' How could you, having sworn to support the
Constitution, and believing it guarantied the right to hold
slaves in the Territoues, assist 111 legislation intended to de-
feat thatright ? Tnat would he violating your own view of
the Constitution. Not only so; but if you were to do so,
how long would it take the courts to hold your votes uncon-
stitutional and void? Not a moment.
u Lastiy, 1 would ask, is not Congress itself under obli-
gation to give legislative support to any right that is es-
tablished in the United States Constitution? I repeat the
question, is not Congress itself bound to give legislative sup-
port u  any right that is established fn the United States
Constitution? A member of Congress swears to support
the Constitution of the United States ; and if he sees a light
established by that Constitution which needs specific legis-
lative protection, can he clear his oath withoutgiving that
protection? Let me ask you why many of us who are op-
posed to blavery upon piinciple, give oui acquiescence to
a fugitive slave law? Why do we hold ourselves under
obligation to pass such a law, and abide it when tt is passed?
Because the Constitution makes provision that the owners
of slaves shall have the ri^ht to reclaim them. It gives the
right to reclaim slaves, and that is, as Judge Douglas says,
a barren right, unless ihete is legislation that will entoice
it."
Now, sir, let it not be said that I am reading
Republican doctrines here, becausc these very
passages from the speeches of Mr. Lincoln were
introduced as discoveries by the Senator from Illi-
nois—these and the other passages in relation to
the confusion between a State and a Territory.
When the Attorney General had replied to the
magazine article of the Senator from Illinois, a
rejoinder was issued, called " the rejoinder of
Judge Douglas to Judge Biack," in which he
says, speaking of the magazine article:
In that article, without assailing any one"—
He never assails any one—
" In that article, without assailing anv one, or impugn-
ing any man's motives, 1 demonstrated beyond the possi-
bility ot cavil or dispute by any tiwr-niindod man, that if
the proposition were true, as contended by Mr. Buchanan,
that slavery exists in the Tcrntoiiea by vntue of the Con-
stitution, the conclusion is inevitable and irie^istible, that
it is the imperative duty of Conaicss to pa>s all laws ne-
ces aiy for its protection; that theie is and can be no ex-
ception to the rule that a right guarantied by the Constitu-
tion inu^t be protected by Jaw in all cases whcie legislation
is essentia! to its enjoyment; that all who conscientiously
believe that slavery exists in the Territories"—
Senators, listen to me now. The Senator from
Illinois stood here last week, hour after hour, and
asked what was this new issue which we were
trying to force on the patry, and whence its ne-
cessity. Why not stand, said he, on the plat-
form of 1850'; why not take that Cincinnati plat-
form which we agreed to in lSSG5 Who is it, he
says, that is forcing these new issues on the party ?
i have tracked him through Illinois. What did
he say in his defense of the Harper's Magazine
article about the necessity of putting tins very
resolution in the platform? He says he has dem-
onstrated
"That all who conscientiously believe that slavery exist*
in the Territories by virtue ot the Constitution aie bound
by their consciences aTid their oatns of fidelity to the Con-
stitution, to support a congressional slave code for the Ter-
ritories."
I deny that; but I want to show his view of
what our duty is:
iC And that no considerations of political expediency can
relieve an honest man, who so believes, fiom the faithful
and prompt performance of this impeiative duty."
That is Judge Douglas's view of our position;
and yet, hour after hour, he stands up here and
attacks us for doing that which he says our oaths
and our consciences impose on us, as a duty so
imperative that it is impossible for us, as honest
men, to avoid doing it. He says further, in the
same " rejoinder:"
<■' I also demonstrated, In the same paper, that the Con-
stitution, being unifoim throughout tile United States, is
tiie same in the States as in the Territories—is the same in
Pennsylvania as in Kansas; and, consequently, if slavery
exists in Kansas by virtue of the Constitution of the United
States, it must of necessity exist in Pennsylvania by virtue
of the same instrument; and if it be the duty of the Fed-
eral Government to force the people of the Territory to sus-
tain the Institution of slavery, whether they want it or not,
merely because it exists there by virtue of the Constitution,
it becomes the duty of the Federal Government to do the
same thing in all the States for the same reason. .
"This exposition of the question produced consternation
and dismay in the camp of my assailants."
He just copied the arguments from Mr. Lin-
coln's dispute with him, put them into the Har-
per's Magazine article, and tells us that this ex-
position of his of the constitutional rights and
duties of the States of this Union, produced con-
sternation and dismay amongst his assailants!
Why, Mr. President, what is there in this argu-
ment which the honorable Senator from Illinois
has copied from those Republicans who again and
again have attacked the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States—that under the doc-
trine of the Di ed Scott decision slavery exists as
well in the States as in the Territories; a sophism
so bald, a proposition so destitute of a shadow of
foundation, that it never was used by any man
who believed it, but was put forth to deceive those
who could not understand the question.
What is the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States? It is this, plainly and simply:
Congress has jurisdiction over and power to gov-
ern the Territories the powers of Congress under
the Constitution are-limited; amongst tlie limita-
tions is a prohibition to destroy and inip.iir or
confiscate the property of citizens without due
process of law. Slaves are property, and therefore
Congress has no power to confiscate them, to de-
stroy them, or to impair the right of property in
them, without due process oflaw. That is what the
Supreme Court says. What lias that to do with
a State? Does Congress legislate for a State ? Does
Congress govern a State ? is there anything in the
Constitution of the United States prohibiting a
State from doing as it pleases m its own legis-
lation, except a certain list, which is expresly laid
down, and in which is not included this question
of slavery. There are certain prohibitions on the
States in the Constitution, and amongst them are
emitting bills of credit, raising armies and navies,
levying taxes or duties on imports, on exports—
all these are prohibited to the States. The States arc
not prohibited from legislating on slavery in their
own limits; but the Supreme Court of the United
States hold that Congress is prohibited by the
Constitution from doing so, and yet the Senator
from Illinois repeats this absurd position, thatbe-
causc Congress cannot destroy property in slaves
in a Territory, therefore State constitutions can-
not destroy it in the States !
It was, Mr. President, well known to the Sen-
ator from Illinois when he penned this article, that
there was nothing in it whatever. He was driven
to it. Every time he discusses the question, if he
holds to the principles he has promulgated in the
Senate, and now stands to before the nation, he
will be driven step by step, back and back, to the
Black Republican camp. Let him beware. Let
himbeware of the firststcpoutsldeoftheintrench-
mcnts of the Constitution. Lot him beware lest
he get so far that return becomes impossible. He
has already got to using then-arguments, to adopt-
ing their principles, and has vaunted here that he
is the embodiment of the Democratic party, and
offers indulgence and quarter to all Democratic
Senators and all Democratic States that disagree
with him, and he joins in the cry that Democratic
sentiments truly expounded lead to disunion.
Sir, I have trespassed on the attention of the
Senate rather longer than I intended. I shall bo
as brief as possible for the remainder of the time
I shall occupy. The Senator from Illinois, the
other day. went further. He has not only evaded,
avoided, and circumvented the South by the Ne-
braska bill, if inaeed it be susceptible of the con-
struction he gives it, and confers on the people
of the Territories the right he now alleges, but,
with all his promises, the cloven foot again sticks
out. He warns us—yes, Senators, he warns us
that if the Tennessee resolution, is .adopted at
Baltimore he will explain away that, too. Noth-
ing can bind him, according to his present state-
ments. Let me read this Tennessee resolution;
and I will ask every man within the sound of my
voice whether it does not seem Jo be as plain and
clear.as the English language can make it? Pass
it, and, he tells you, it will not bind him. He says
it has a double construction and a double mean-
ing. He has prepared everybody for a double
meaning to it. He asked the Senator from Ohio
to read it; and here it is.
" Mr. Pugk read, as follows :
"' Resolved, That ail citizens of the United States have
an equal right to setUe with their property in the Territo-
ries, and that under the decisions of the Supreme Court,
which we recognize as an exposition of the Constitution,
neither their rights of peison or property can be destroyed
or impaired by congressional or teriitorial legislation.5 "
I confess that I read it over and over, and could
not see a loop to hang a doubt on. All the citi-
zens of the United States have an equal right to
settle with their property in the Territories, and
no territorial legislation can impair it. That is
the Tennessee resolution. What is the warning
given to us by the Senator from Illinois? Here
it is:
" We have had predictions that the party was to be re-
united by the adoption of that resolution. The only ob-
jection that I have to it is, that it is liable to two construc-
tions."
The Cincinnati platform that he wants us to -
stick to—that, of course, is not. Oh, no ! But
this will be liable to two constructions; and I have
puzzled my brain for an hour to get at that other
construction. I will readhvhat the Senator said,
and perhaps other Senators may be more fortu-
nate than I have been. I think I have got a
glimpse. He says it is liable to two construc-
tions—
<k And certainly and inevitably will receive two, directly
the opposite to each other, and each will be maintained witb
equal pertinacity."
We know what the South will maintain under
that resolution; and who will maintain any other
construction* Surely, the Senator from Illinois
means that he will, because he knows we will
not. We can see but one meaning, and no
man imbued with constitutional principles can
discover but one j and that is, that all citizens—
those who own slaves, as well as those who own
horses—have a right to go with their property
into the Territories; have an equal right to go
there; and that their property shall not be im-
paired. But the Senator from Illinois says there
is another construction that will be maintained,
and persistently maintained. And what is it?
He says:
"The resolution contains, in my opinion, two truisms ;
and fahly consideied, no man can question them.*'
What is the fair consideration he gives it?
"They are, first, that every citizen"—
Not " alHhe citizens." The resolution says
all the citizens. He says eveiy citizen. But I
will show you why he says so:
" Every citizen of the United States has an equal right
in the 'IVwitories; that whatever right the citizen of one
State lias, may be enjoyed by the citizens oi all of the
States." *
See how he is changing it now!
" That whatever property the citizen of one State may
cauy there, the citizens of all the States may carry."
And then they will go on with the old Repub-
lican objection, that we are all at perfect liberty to
go into the Teiritories without our property; that
we are all 011 ail equal footing. The old Repub-
lican argument that was brought up here in the
discussions on the Kansas-Nebraska bill in 1854,
the Senator from Illinois tenders to us now for the
canvass of 1860. He will tell us, <rYou are not
excluded from the Territory; a northern man goes
with his horses, you may go with horses; a north-
ern man goes with a cow, you may go with a
cow; a northern man does not go with aslhve, and
you shall not go with a slave;" and that is the
equality that he says it means. The Senator from
Illinois is kind in warning us in advance this time
how this proposition will hegotrid of. The South
will be fools if they do not take advantage of the
warning, and see if something cannot be devised
which the astute and practiced ingenuity of the
Senator from Illinois cannot get around, if the
English language can hold him. Now he says:
"And on whatever terms the citizens of one State can
hold it, and have it piotucted, the citizens of ail States can
hold it, and have it piotected, without deciding what the
right is, which still remains for decision."
So that the Tennessee platform will leave us
