1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
was very much in favor of this bill some two
years ago, made use of an argumeYit which was a
very ingenious one, I admit, as all his arguments
arc ingenious and able; but I think there is a fal-
lacy in it. He says there is no hardship in the
world in passing this bill, because we have got
land enough in the United States to give every man
one hundred and sixty acres, and we only pro-
vide that those who choose may go and take pos-
session of their lands now. If that were all of it,
his argument would be conclusive; but, unfortu-
nately for justice and equality, the men who go
and settle on the land will derive just as much
benefit from the residu<?of the domain as we do,
who do not get any of it. A man will go there
and get his one hundred and sixty acres, and then
the remainder of the land, if it is worth anything
at all — and the Senator alleges it will be just as
valuable as it is now-—is sold, and goes to sup-
port the Government, thus relieving the individual
of taxation, so that he gets a double portion. He
is m the condition that Benjamin was in when he
got twice as much as the other brothers. 1 might
illustrate it in this way; Suppose a man has ten
sons, and has a thousand acres. He can afford
to give to each one of them a hundred. One of the
sons says; "Give me my hundred acres now; I
want to make something out of it." It is very
well if he goes off and stays there, and makes no
demands; but if he remains at the family table,
boards and is clothed as a member of the family,
then it is very unequal and very unjust. That is
the very position we now stand in. The men who
go and get their part of the public lands, and take
possession of it. still come in, take their share,
and draw with the rest of us for the residue.
My proposition, therefore, exactly meets the
view of the Senator from Tennessee, I take it. By
it, we make a fair division of all the land; the old
man says to each of his sons, " here, I give each of
you one hundred acres; you may take it and uso
it as you like; if you do not choose to cultivate
it, sell it to some of your neighbors, and put the
money in your pocket." That would be the ef-
fect of my proposition. Pass it, and a man who
is living m North Carolina, and is a farmer, says:
"I do not care to settle on this new land; I have
paid for as much as I need or want; I will buy a
plow horse." He may sell his warrant, and get
a plow horse; and if a mechanic wants to add to
his stock in trade, he may sell his warrant.
But really, Mr. President, I promised to make
a short explanation. My proposition is so just,
that the more Senators look at it the better they
will like it. If so, and it passes, it relieves us of
all the difficulties of this question. We divide the
public property fairly among all persons.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion ? He seems to suppose that
the principle of this bill granting tracts of land to
actual settlers is something new in the history of
the Government, or in the management of the
public lands. Is that so ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. This is a new proposition.
Mr. PUGH. 1 tell the Senator it has been the
fixed policy of this Government, commencing
with the acquisition of Louisiana; and therefore
all the evils he anticipates cither have occurred or
never will occur.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think my friend will
find, when he looks into those acts, that there is a
difference. I admit that there were special grants
made in Oregon.
Mr. PUGH. In New Mexico and Louisiana
it has been the fixed territorial policy.
Mr. CLAY. It was never done in Alabama or
Mississippi.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I know my friend, the
Senator from Ohio, is very ingenious, and I shall
hear him with pleasure. I am now making an
explanation of the principles of my amendment;
and if, when I hear him, I do not agree with him
entirely—and he did not convince me in the last
Congress, and I am very much afraid lie will not
a -ain—I may have something to say in answer.
I "have said thismuch, however, merely to explain
the principle of my amendment. I think he will
find that the measure now under consideration is
one in some respects different from any that has
been adopted heretofore. I will not, however,
weary the Senator with further discussion now.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, this whole thing
has come up ill a shape that I wish to rectify ; and
I think it ought to be set right before we begin
with it. The Senate bill was made a special order,
I believe; and right on that, this morning, as it
came up, the committee reported back the House
bill; so that both these propositions are really
before us. I think, out of respect to the other
House, in considering this subject, we ought to
consider their bill, and not the Senate bill. Of
course, it can make no difference in the ultimate
result, whether we take the one bill or the other;
but, if we should pass the Senate bill, that will
have to go to the House of Representatives to be
acted on. If, however, we procecd to the consid-
eration of the House bill, and agree with the House
in it, then we pass the bill, and there is an end of
it. Bythecoursewhich I suggest, every man will
understand what lie is about, and we shall pro-
ceed in order; and I make the motion, for the
purpose of putting matters right, that we post-
pone the present and all other orders, and proceed
to the consideration of the homestead bill of the
House of Representatives, as reported back by
the committee this morning; and I hope all the
friends of the bill, and I hope all Senators, will
agree to that for the purpose of putting ourselves
right.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I propose to say
a few words in reply to the Senator from North
Carolina, as lie made ail appeal to me; and I am
glad he did, because I want to answer him. I
wish that, when the Senator was explaining his
amendment,he had gone on,and, with his accus-
tomed frankness and candor, told us whether he
was really ill favor of his proposition as a sub-
stantive measure, and would v'-to for it if it was
adopted, or whether it was a mere piece of legis-
lative tact to defeat the bill. That might possi-
bly have explained some of his positions.
Mr. CLINGMAN rose.
Mr. HALE. The Senator need not answer
now, unless he chooses.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think the Senator did
not hear the first part of my remarks. I stated
that I was opposed to this system; but if we
are to have it in any shape, I prefer an equal
one.
Mr. HALE. So that, I suppose, if we should
adopt his amendment, then he would vote against
it after all; and therefore, the speech which he
made, and to which I listened, may be considered
rather as a philosophical' dissertation than a legis-
lative recommendation of the measure which he
proposes.
But, sir, there were one or two suggestions he
threw out that I want to answer. He said: how
can wo—appealing particularly to New England
and to those who have strikes in our vicinity—
justify this measure to our people? Sir, I have
never had the slightest difficulty in the world ill
justifying any vote I gave, since 1 have been a
member of the Senate, to my people. I never
was called in question for any vote; and when I
attempt to justify my voles, I think I can doit.
But, sir, if there is ever a measure upon which I
think I call justify my vote to my people, by the
soundest principles of legislation and of philoso-
phy, it is a vote in favor of this free homestead;
anil I will tell you why.
The experience of this Government, for a long
time, has satisfied me, and satisfied the Senator
from North Carolina, I have no doubt, that not
one of the old States can ever derive any direct
benefit from the public lands. We have tried it
in every possible way. We tried to get a grant
of public lands for the purpose of aiding agricul-
tural colleges to be established in the different
States, but we found a majority dead against us.
An appeal was made to the heart of this nation by
one of the greatest philanthropists that exists—I
refer toMissDix, who had traveled through every
State of the Union, and had gone across the At-
lantic on her mission of benevolence. She came
here and appealed to the heart of the nation, rep-
resented in Congress, and asked you, out of the
great abundance of your land, to give but ii pit-
tance to aid in the greatest philanthropic scheme
that the age has witnessed—something for the in-
digent insane. That appeal was listened to by
Congress, but it was met by an Executive veto.
Every possible scheme that has been suggested
by which the old States were to get any, even the
most remote benefit from the public lands directly,
has utterly failed; and it has failed, too, in a great
measure,from the votes of the political party with
which the Senator from North Carolina is asso-
ciated and acts. They have uniformly, in a body,
voted against anything of that sort.
Now, sir, let me say one word in regard to,that
peculiar state of society which exists in our States,
and to which the Senator alluded, and I am gla^d
that he did allude to it—I refer to those combina-
tions of mechanics, journeymen, laborers, which
began with the shoemakers, by which they haye
struck for higher wages. They have struck, and
it has become very general, and I hope it will
continue to do so. My sympathies are with them.
I hope they will combine and confederate until
the highest possible amount that is consistent with
the prosperity of the whole community may be
given to the hand that toils. I thank God that
m his good providence he has given us a system
of labor in our States by which, when the laborer
feels that lie is not amply compensated, he may
"strike," without finding himself subject to the
penalties that are imposed on insurrections. I
am glad, sir, of these strikes. They are indica-
tions of the material of which our laboring classes
are composed, and I glory in them. I hope they
will continue; and X hope that the day will be far
distant that any class of laborers in our States,
when they feel themselves aggrieved for the want
of sufficient compensation for their daily toil, will
fail to organize, as they have organized, and de-
mand what to their judgment seems to be right.
Let me all Senators—and it may, perhaps, be
some information to them—this thing is too intel-
ligent, and it is too deeply seated, to be turned
into the political or party channels of the day.
The laborers of this country understand who are
the best protectors of their rights. I live in one
of the largest manufacturing towns in the State
of New Hampshire. I live in a town where one
of those strikes has been organized to a very con-
siderable extent. I live in a town where the shoe-
makers pay to their journeymen something like
twenty thousand dollars a month in cash. They
have organized a strike there, and it has been
pretty universal; and some of the foul birds of
the party who thought that this strike might be
turned to political capital came down to my town
the Saturday night before the late election, which
took place on Tuesday, and undertook to make
the strikers all vote what they called the Demo-
cratic tickct. They called them together in the
City Hall, and addressed them bn the outrages and
enormities under which they were suffering, and
counseled them to turn their attention, their sup-
port, and tlieir sympathy, to the Democratic party
which was the great friend of the laborer; which
was the protector of the oppressed, and which
would see that they did not suffer any of the
wrongs under \vhich they were groaning! Well,
sir, they were heard patiently; they had the last
word; they spoke on Saturday night late, ran into
Sunday morning, and the election came off on
Tuesday, and I will tell you the result. The
Democratic party twelve months ago threw in
that place six hundred and fifteen votes. Well,
sir, this year, after this attempt to turn the action
of the strikers to their account, the Democratic
party threw six hundred and fifteen votes—just
exactly to a unit what they threw last year.
Well, sir, if it should be my fortune to address
them—and I hope it will be, for I usually have a
talk with my neighbors when I getliome—I would
tell them that I had voted for this free homestead,
this giving away of the lands to those who would
go and take them, this giving a free home to every
head of a family who would go; and I would jus-
tify it in this manner, if I was called upon, but
they have too much sense to want a justification.
In the first place, they would have confidence
enough in me to know I would not give a wrong
vote, [laughter,] to begin with;and then their own
good sense would furnish them with a sufficient
reason, without any explanation of mine; but I
would say to them:" We m New England are, and
have been, the great bee-hive of this country; we
have a small teivitory; \vc have a sterile soil; we
have a severe climate; but against all these we have
contended, and we have sent out from the begin-
ning of our history our young men, and they have
carried with tlum the principles of civilization, of
liberty, of knowledge, and of scicnce; and the re-
turn which they make to us is the planting of free
institutions in t'lieirown land, making wide-spread,
and broad-cast those great principles of liberty, of
humanity, of righteousness, and of justice, upon
which the permanent foundations of national pros-
