1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2%
of tlic regular nominee, and achieve victory or fall
under its folds. Sir, it is, I believe, a settled prin-
ciple in military tactics or strategy that after a
skirmish and retreat, the rally and onset are always
more formidable than the first assault. Such was
my purpose and such my hope on the present
ballot; but my friend [Mr. Brabson] having nom-
inated the distinguished gentleman from Tennes-
see, Mr. Maynard, a gentleman who is consid-
ered a conservative member of this House, I place
myself under his colors, and change my vote,
giving* it for Mr. Maynard.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man from South Carolina 
Mr. GROW. I must interpose. There can be
no excusc for gentlemen speaking whose names
are not called. 1 do not propose to interrupt the
gentleman: but I do want to coll the attention of
the House to the matter now, because by-and-by
we shall see this innovation upon our usual pro-
ceedings cariicd further, and we shall never get
through.
MrtHARRIS, of Maryland. Now, Mr. Clerk,
I want to ask my friend from South Carolina
|Mr. Asiimore] if 1 understood him correctly
[cries of "Down in front!"] in saying that he
would-vote for Mr. Maynard because he was not
a member of the American party?
Mr. ASHMORE. No, sir. I did not say
that.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon.
Mr. ASHMORE. I said that I understood
that Mr. Maynard was a conservative member
of this body, and one opposed to the Republican
party in the House, and that therefore I declined
voting for my friend Mr. Bococtc, and now vote
for Mr. Maynard.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I beg the gen-
tleman 's pardon. I shall also vote for Mr. Ma\-
nard.
Mr. ENGLISH, when his name wao called,
said: Disavowing all sympathy with the peculiar
doctrines of the American party, but preferring a
national and conservative man upon the slavery
question to a sectional man, I vote for Mr. May-
nard, of Tennessee.
Mr. FLORENCE, when his name was called,
said: Opposed utterly,first, last, and all the time,
[cries of "That's right!"] to a sectional organi-
sation such as is represented on the other side of
the House, ["Oh !" " Oh !" and laughter from the
Republican benches,] but wishing to cast my vote
for a conservative man;and to pass the impropri-
ation bill ["Good' "from the Republican benches]
which our friends on the other side are so sensi-
tive about, 1 shall vote for Mr. Horace May-
nard.
Mr. HARDEMAN, when his name was called,
said: Indorsing, as I do, the American principles
of Horyce Maynard, I vote for Horace May-
nard.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, when his name
was called, saul: On th.• same principles 1 also
vote for Mr. M\ynvud, of Tennessee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, when his name was
called, said: In the spirit of the resolutions of the
Virginia Legislature, 1 cyst mv voie outside of
the party to which 1 belong. In doing so,l shall
not make any reservation, as the gentlemen on
the other side have just done. The period has
arrived in our country when all party piefercnces
and party prcdilccrionr, ought to be buried. I am
willing to vote for a national man without regard
to his political tenets. All I ask is that he may
' be true to the Union and the Constitution. Al-
though a young man myself, I have sat here and
observed old members, old politicians, and old
stagers—and excuse me for saying that I behe\e
it is the old politicians of the House who prevent
its organization. They will not vote for aLecomp-
ton man. They will not \ otu for au anti-Lecomp-
ton man. They will not vote for an American or i \
"Whig or Democrat who is not a Lecomptnmte,
unless his past and present record agrees with ^
theirs. I think that all these things, in tin- present j,
condition of the country, sink into msigniheance.
The past ought to bo buried on this great issue j,
of the Union and the Constitution. When I Ik ar j,
a man talking about Democracy or Americanism \\
or anti-Lecomptonism in this great crisis, it re- j!
minds me forcibly of that man in the Revolution jj
who, when his beef was taken, brought a suit for
its value; and, Patrick Henrv said, on the trial '''
of the case, when the whole nation was crying,
"give me liberty or give me death," old Hooks
could be heard crying "beef, beef, beef." [Laugh-
ter.] I say, when the Constitution is in danger,
when the Union is m danger, we ought to forget
the past and come up like national men, true to
the Constitution. 1 tell my friends on the op-
posite side that if they want to elect Mr. May-
nard, they must not vote for him as an American
but as a constitutional Union man. For one, I
vote for Horace Maynard.
Mr. HARDEMAN. "Them's my senti-
ments." [Laughter.]
Mr. HASKIN, wnen his name was called,
said: Opposed as I am to the principles advo-
cated by the gentleman who has been nominated
by the American party on this floor, [Mr. May-
nard,] and indorsed by a part of the Demociatic
paity on the other side of the House; conserva-
tive in principles, as I am; recognizing as I do, a
North* and recognizing in that North a superi-
ority, and that superiority which will protect the
rights of every southern State under the Constitu-
tion; and also recognizing, as I do, that on this
floor Mr. Sherman, ofOhio, is the Representative
of the conservative elements of the North; [cries
of "Good!" from the Republican benches;] for I
have voted for him heretofore, appreciating, as I
do, his Union-loving sentiments as given in the
speeeh read the other day by Mr. Morris, of
Pennsylvania, I cannot consent,asa Democrat—
for I am such [laughter]—to any union with the
American party of this country. I shall, there-
fore, cast my vote now as I have heretofore done
—for John Sherman, ofOhio. [Loud laughter.]
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 should hke toknowif the
gentleman from New York did not vote the other
day for Mr. Gilmer, who is a member of the
American order >
Mr. IIASKIN. In r< spouse to that I will say
to the gentleman, who is the nominal parent of
the English bill, that I have voted for Mr. Gil-
mer, not as a member of the American party, but
because Mr. Gilmer, in the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, stood alongside of Mr. Sherman and my-
self in opposition to the Leeompton policy of the
Admimstiauon, which Mr. English sought to
coverup by abill which, in my judgment, was the
meanest bill offered at the last session. [Loud
laughter.]
Mr. ENGLISH. I would call the attention of
this House and the country to the fact that Mr.
Gilmer himself voted for thot "English bill."
[Applause and laughter.]
Mr. HASKIN. And I will state to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, who has the nomine 1 pater-
nity of the so-called " English bill," that Mr. Gil-
mer, of North Carolina, voted for that bill stating
that it was a shilly-shally, namby-pamby, nasty
kind of a bill, but that, asit came from a northern
member, he, as a southern man, owning eighty-
six "niggers," as has been announced upon this
floor, ana ns he knew that that bill submitted to
the people of Kansas the question whether they
should accept or reject the Leeompton constitu-
tion, could not consisiently \ ote asiunst I he " Eng-
lish bill." I, as a noithernman,eonsichTnigthat,
by the terms of the k' English bill," a discrimina-
tion was made,unjust to the Noi th and infamous
to tin.* Soul h, also voted against the " English bill."
And I thank my God now that 1 did, because the
people of Kansas* rejected that bill, in n vote that
was taken, bva majority of about ten to one.
Now, sir, I voted for Mr. Gilmer, because
with me. and with all the anti-Lecompton men of
this House, he was against the policy of this Ad-
ministration in forcing the Leeompton constitu-
tion upon an unwilling people; because he was
against the extravagance and corruptions of tins
Administration, and did all m his power to expose
them by every vote which he gave in the Thirty-
Fifth Congress.
Mr. ENGLISH. The gentleman's remarks,
sir, only amount to this: that he thinks the hon-
orable gentleman from North Carolina who voted
for that " shilly-shally, namby-pamby" bill, as
he is pleased to term it, W peculiarly well quali-
fied and deserving to b< the Presiding Officer of
this -House.
Mr. HASKIN. Now, sir, I say that, as a
southan man, as a conservative statesman, Mr.
Gilmiui voted for that bill to please his constit-
uents, who, with himself, believed that by the
terms of the bill the essential features of th.' doc-
i trine of popular sovereignty were preserved; and
!! I respect him for that vote and his whole course
|i at the last session.
ij Mr. ENGLISH. Now, the gentleman from
i| New York, as the House will perceive, changes
; | his position, and says that Mr. Gilmer voted for
:| the English bill as a conservative man, and to
ij please his constituents.
i Mr. HILL, when his name was called, said:
I It seems to be expected that every gentleman shall
j have, something to say when his name is called,
! Now, sir, I should hate to damage my friend's [Mr.
Maynard] prospect by voting for him at pres-
ent, and I believe I will withhold my vote, in the
hope that he may catch the vote of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] [Laughter.]
A Member. It is too late for that. He has
already voted.
Mr. HILL. Then I will vote now for Horace
Maynard.
Mr. KILGORE, when his name was callcd,
said: I vote for John Sherman, a national pa-
triot.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia* when his name
was called, said: 1 have no apology for the vote
I am about to cast. Horace Maynard, coming
from an extreme northern State, removing to the
South, and seeing the beneficent results of slavery,
and the good condition of our negroes, having
voted on a former occasion for one of the Demo-
cratic party, I now cast my vote for Horace May-
nard, of Tennessee.
Mr. LOGAN, when his name was called, said:
Inasmuch as I am not willing to participate in
making this House a slaughter-house of north-
western Democracy, I cast my vote for Thomas
S. Bocock.
Mr. McRAE, when his name was called, said:
When Mr. Maynard was put in nomination, I
asked the gentleman who did it whether the mem-
bers of his own party would,all sustain him?
Mr. BRABSON. " I take it for granted they
will.
Mr. McRAE. They have not done so up to
this time Several members of the American
party, I understand, have voted against him—
two at least.
Mr. BRABSON. They may change their
votes.
Mr. BRIGGS. I will answer for one, that when
the Democratic party will unite on Mr. May-
nard, they shall have our votes.
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Clerk, will you please call
gentleman to order who interrupt me? I have
stated that up to this time several members of the
American pai ty have not voted for Mr. Maynard,
two at least, and therefore I shall not vote for him.
1 vote for Ciiarli:s L. Scott.
Mr. BRABSON. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi desires to know whether
all the southern Opposition members will vote
for Mr. Maynard. I cannot tell him. Sir, I put
Mr. Maynard in nomination as a sound conserv-
ative national man, and I did it upon my own
responsibility without consultation with anybody,
because I am anxious to organize the House by
the election of a national conservathu man as its
Speaker.
Mr. McRAE, I judge of the position of parties
in this House by their votes as they stand upon
the record, and I say, up to this time several
members of the American party have not voted
for Mr. Maynard.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky. I notify the gen-
tleman from Mississippi that 1, for one, will read-
ily change my vote, and vote for Mr. Maynard,
and my'colleague, Mr. Anderson, will do the
same.
M). McKNIGHT. I object to these negotia-
tions upon the floor of the House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, when his name was
railed, said: Mr. Clerk, I went into caucus and,
participated in the nomination of Mr. Boco<?it,oif
Virginia, as the Democratic candidate £or.Speaker
of this House. I adhered in my votes to that
gentleman so long as his i\ame was before this
House. I then voted foi General Millso.v, of
Virginia. I entei-iain foe that gentleman a hig;h
respect, and wogtld, have the utmost confidence in
his adn\uu;..tratitm of the Speaker's office. There
wa« *10 prospect of his election, and I then voted
foi on^ of my colleagues, Colonel McClernand.
That gentleman is true and gallant, and worthy, 1
thought, of the rotes of this side of tlie Homo,
