SI 84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
outlays Were $394,000, end it is shown that all
(hey "got wfts $144,000. That is every dollar they
got ill the sale of the contract for a bonus or any-
thing else. The question is, how much they got?
They got §144,000 for what cost them $394,000;
and then they got the compensation that was
paid by the Department, which reduced their loss
down to something over fifty thousand dollars—
very nearly sixty thousand dollars.
Mr. President, I will not take up the time of
the Senate any longer, if wo can have a vote on
this case. I know this thing has been put off for
a long time. I have not been willing to call it up,
except for a whole morning hour; and if Senators
are disposed to occupy time, they can kill Liggit
by speaking, as many a man has been killed. I
hope he will not be.
Mr. YULEE. I shall not kill him by speaking.
I have done enough to call the attention of the
Senate to the subject; and there are more facts
than are before the Senate. 1 wish only to say
that there is no evidence of the expenditure of
$394,000, and that, on the contrary, I think I
show, in the report which I made, that it was im-
possible any such sum could have been spent with
any sort of discretion.
Mr. POLK. 1 am very sorry we have not time
to go into that subject.
Mr. GREEN. 1 think the evidence shows ex-
actly the contrary; but I ask the vore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
The amendment was ageed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time.
Mr. YULEE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN My attention has not
been turned at all to the case. I do not under-
stand it; and, uuless it is necessary therefore, I
will not vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 10; as follows:
Yl'.AS — Messrs. Anthony, Dialer, Bingham, Brown,
Cameron, Che nut, Dixon, Doolittle, Pitch, Foot, Green,
Hale, Ui'inpliiil, Ivemon, Jollnsmt of Tcnncshcc, Kennedy,
Ijjine, l.atlnun, NVhulson, I'oll^Hioe, Si'lm-tian, Simmons,
Sumner, Wiuie, YVitftait, \Vtlkin*on, and WilMm— 28.
NAY.S—.Mes^i*. ISiniij,', Claiit, Ilavis, Fn.-ier, H,ii]an,
Peaioo,Sow.ird, Thomson, Tt'nnibull, and Yuleo—10.
So the bill was passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. TOOMBS. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing vote of the two Houses on the
bill making; appropriations for sundry civil ex-
panses of theGovernment for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861, have hud the same under con-
sideration, and have agreed upon alt the amend-
ments except one, and that was the amendment
by the Senate to the bill appropriating $300,000
to the New Orleans custom-house and to pay for
materials for that building. The House have
amended that amendment by appropnating$ir>,000
for taking: care oflt, and $25,000 for paying for
materials, but are opposed to so much of the ap-
propriation as proposes a continuance of the work
at tliis time. We have agreed upon all other ques-
tions, and the Committee desire the instructions
of the Senate whether the Senate will insist or
recede from its amendment. I am in favor of it
myself; and 1 will make the motion either way,
or any other gentleman can.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. I voted for this amend-
ment, and I do not know but that it would be
proper enough for me to make the motion.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I \oted for the amend-
ment appropriating this sum, and am very strongly
and decidedly m favor of it, but have become sat-
isfied that it is quite useless to attempt to agree
upon the subject with the committee of confer-
ence of the House; and it is very doubtful whether
it could be carried through the House. I there-
fore make the motion that the Senate reccde, and
concur in the action of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Senate recede from its amendment to the bill
of the Hous>e,in relation to the New Orleans cus-
tom-house.
Mr. BRIGHT. In theabsence of both the Sen-
ators from Louisiana, it is proper to state that it
is ten years since the custom-house at New Or-
leans was commenced, and it is still in an uncov-
ered condition. It is in a state of dilapidf#ion.
The ground was given originally by private indi-
viduals, on the consideration that the Government
would come forward and make this improvement.
The land is estimated at something like a million
dollars. Good faith towards private individuals,
who have contributed to the erection ofthis build-
ing, requires that it should be completed. I think
there is great propriety in the Senate insisting on
its amendment. /
The VICE PRESIDENT. The questi/n is on
the motion to recede.
The motion was agreed to.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of twelve
o'clock having arrived, the Chair calls up the un-
finished business of yesterday, being the Post
Office deficiency bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the motion of
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] to re-
consider the vote by which House bill No. 338,
to provide for the payment of outstanding Treas-
ury notes, to authonze a loan, to regelate and
fix the duties on imports, and for other purposes,
was postponed until the second Monday of De-
cember next.
Mr. YULEE. I hope that will not be done.
It must be perfectly well known to the Senate,
and every member of the Senate,that it is entirely
impossible there can be action upon the tarilf
question at this session; and it must also be
known to the Senate that it is indispensable that the
appropriation bills should be disposed of. I trust
that the Senate will permit this Post Office bill,
which is now before the body, and which is in a
condition to be voted upon directly, to be pro-
ceeded with, and when that is disposed of, if the
Senator desires to make his motion, I for one shall
not be m his way. But this bill is now under
way; we have discussed it; we are about ready
for a vote upon it; and in a very few minutes it
can be disposed of. I hope the Senate will not
postpone it.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall not detain the Senate
this morning. It is useless to discuss this ques-
tion. It is perfectly understood. I say to my
friend from Florida J can see no more becoming
occasion than the present on which to submit this
motion. At tins stage of the session it will be
quite impossible, I presume, to get in my motion
without interfering with some appropriation bill
or other; and I prefer to have the question settled
now. I hope sincerely that the Senate will take
this question up with a view of considering it de-
liberately, and modifying the tariff laws 1 do
not desire any Senator to vote for the reconsider-
ation with any other view. The Senator from
Florida argues the want of time. I have answered
that over and over again; that is a question that
is within our reach entirely. We can have time
or not, just as we please; and I do not feel at lib-
erty, under the pressure of sentiment from my
State, to recognize the plea of time. This flimsy
resolution we can dispose of in an hour, and take
as much time as we please. Convinced, as I am,
that the exigencies of the country require us to
take that time and perform that duty, I have
made this motion, and I hope it may prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania to
postpone all prior orders, with a view to take up
the motion to reconsider the vote postponing the
tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDE!#!". The question now
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill (II. R. No. 338) to provide for the pay-
ment of outstandmgTreasury notes, to authorize
a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on imports,
and for other purposes, was postponed until De-
cember next.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, 1 shall vote
against the reconsideration, unless there is to be
an understanding upon this question. If the time
of Monday next, fixed for adjournment, is ex-
tended one week, two weeks, three weeks, or four
weeks, I am ready, and not only ready, but willing-,
to vote for a reconsideration, and devote our time
exclusively to the consideration of the revision of
the tariff. I think that we ought to do so. But,
sir, if the idea is to reconsider this vote, and take
this question up to-day, with a view of adjourn-
ing on Monday next, 1 shall not vote for a recon-
sideration under such circumstances, for it is not
real; it is a mere show before the country for
effect, and I am against shamming before the coun-
try in this warm weather.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I hope that the motion to
reconsider the vote postponing the tariff bill of
the House until December next, will prevail. I
do not, at this time, propose, upon this question,
to make any extended remarks. I think that
would be ill-timed in view of the present position
of affairs, and the prospective short period of time
at which the session will be terminated. Ye-,
sir, I desire to say that the people of the State of
New Jersey, whom I have the honor in part to
represent upon this floor, desire, irrespective of
party, almost as a united people, that a tariff bill
may be passed at this session, not only for pur-
poses of revenue, but also for the purpose of pro-
tecting the industrial pursuits of the country. I
know that to be the temper and the feeling of the
people of my State, and I beg leave to call the
attention of the Senate, at this time, to a resolution
which was presented by my colleague early in the
session, and to read it before the Senate, for the
purpose of sustaining the allegation I have already
made in relation to the wishes and feelings of the
people of New Jersey. A joint resolution passed
by both Houses of the Legislature of New Jersey,
and approved by the Governor on the 22d of
March last, is to the following effect:
111, l)e it resolved by the Senate and General Assembly
of the Slate of New Jersey, That our {Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congioss be Requested to u<-e a)l lionoiable
mean? to revise the ptcsent taulV, fOthat the revenues aris-
ingfrom duties on imported merchandise shall i>c sufficient
to defray an economical administration of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and soon extincuUh our national debt, discumi-
nating so as to piotect our own manufaetuioh.
2. Jlnd be it resoUetl, That the Governor of this State
he, and he is heieby, respectfully leque^ted to cause to be
tiansmitted to each of oui Senators and Representatives a
copy of these resolutions."
Now, Mr. President, in the name and in behalf
of the people of the State of New Jersey, I ask
that a tariff bill may be passed at the present ses-
sion by which a sufficient revenue may be ob-
tained for the purpose of carrying on this Govern-
ment—a sufficient sum of money raised for the
purpose of extinguishing the national debt, anu
that the duties may be so arranged as to protect
our people m their industrial pursuits of each and
every kind and character—in the workshop, in
i the factory, in the field, in the mine, in the forest,
in the furnace, and at the forge. Sir, I am not
actuated or influenced by the feeling which seems
to move the honorable Senator fiom Massachu-
setts. I regard this as so important a measure
that I think we should remain here to dispose of
it, no matter how anxious we may be to get away;
nor do I know, nor am I at liberty to believe, that
this Senate or this Congress is disposed to ad-
journ on Monday next, whether or no, leaving
so important and beneficial a measure as this is
to the people of the country undisposed of and
unsettled. Sir, I hope that this motion to recon-
sider will be carried, and that we shall remain here
until we have performed the most important and
beneficial duty to the people of our county that
we can now perform here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 desire simply to say,
that I shall vote for the reconsideration upon this
principle: we arc expending more money than
we raise; and I think the example of a great coun-
try like tins, in a ume of peace, with no extraor-
dinary expenditures pressing upon us, laying out
more money year after year than we collect, and
running in debt, is one that ought not to be con-
tinued longer. 1 am in favor of raising sufficient
money to pay the necessary expenses of the Gov-
ernment. The expenses of the Government are
much larger, m my judgment, than they ought to
be. I have fought against them here; I have voted
against the extravagant appropriations which have
been made; yet they have carried; and if Congress
will appropriate the money, let us raise enough
to meet the appropriations and not tax posterity
to pay the debts which we are incurring.
Mr. IIALE. I agree with what the Senator
from Illinois has said; but I do not think he sug-
gests the appropriate remedy. Just as long as
