THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOIIN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session*.
THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1860.
New Series No. 200.
you keep a Democratic Administration in, the
. expenses will go on increasing, and we shall have
to increase the tariff every year. The appropriate
remedy is to turn them out of office and put in a
faithful, economical Administration that will ad-
minister the Government with legitimate and fru-
gal disbursements of the public funds. Mr Buch-
anan camc into power with about twenty-three or
twenty-four million in the Treasury, without a
single dollar of public debt.
Mr. BIGLER. He had only $17,000,000 on
hand.
Mr. SIMMONS. That was on the 30th of
June, 1857. The Senator from New Hampshire
is right as to the amount that was on hand on the
4th of March, 1857.
Mr. HALE. So 1 understand it. He had
about twenty million dollars in pocket, and did
not owe a dollar. He has spent all that, and all
that he could get besides, and all that he could
run in debt for.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator is mistaken. We
owed $20,000,000 of public debt at that time.
Mr. SIMMONS. And we owe it now.
Mr. COLLAMER. There were $17,000,000
of surplus in the Treasury, but there was a bal-
ance of old debt due, and it is yet due.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, it is bad enough, any-
how. [Laughter.] The statement 1 make is sub-
stantially true. We were without any great pub-
lic debt, and had money in the Treasury, when
Mr. Buchanan came in, but the public expend-
itures have been lunning up to something like
eighty million dollars a year; and the idea of rais-
ing additional revenue for the purpose of paying
these bills, and encouraging such an Administra-
tion, is absurd. I am willing to agree t<? " a ju-
dicious tariff;" that is, the same one thatGeneral
Jackson was in favor of. I am in favor of that
now; but, sir, the idea of taxing the people to
keep pace with Democratic extravagance, is ut-
terly absurd. The more you give, the more they
will take. The true remedy is to change the
hands that hold the control of the purse strings,
put m an economical Administration, and that will
settle the tariff question in the best way it can
possibly be settled.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to make a single re-
mark. 1 wish to say to Senators who are anxious
to dispose of the Post Office deficiency bill, that I
will agree, if the motion to reconsider prevails, to
allow this bill to go over informally until the Post
Office deficiency bill shall have been disposed of.
I wish to make this statement to relieve some of
my friends on this side.
Mr. YULEE. If that be the disposition of my
friend from Pennsylvania, 1 submit to him if it be
not much better that we procced at once with the
Post Office deficiency bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I merely
wish to say a word on thisquestion. I have been
astonished somewhat at the persistence with which
our chairman of the Committee on Finance, our
Chancellor of the Exchequer, seems to suppose
that the existing tariff will furnish sufficient rev-
enue to meet the expenses of the Government,
As 1 understand, the estimate of income from the
present tariff, made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, was, that at the utmost it would no more
than meet the estimate of expenditures which he
himself presented. We know that estimate of
his has been exceeded a number of million dol-
lars. 1 understand that the chairman of the Com- j
mittee of Ways and Means of the House of Rep- i
resentatives considers that it will not even do that; |
whereas the chairman of our Committee on Pi- j
nance seems to suppose that he is altogether mis-
taken. I say 1 have been surprised at these dis-
crepancies; but I do not wish now to dilate upon
that matter. To me they present a very clear
necessity for the increase of our revenue in some
mode.
It was said by the Senator from Massachusetts,
that he would not vote for this reconsideration
unless he could have an assurance of the extension
of the session; for he thinks a faithful attention to
the duties which devolve upon us in the revision
200
of the tariff will demand more time than can be
given to it between now and next Monday. I
agree with him in •that. But, sir, how can we
ever apply to the House of Representatives for an
extension of time unless we take up this subject?
At present, the tariff bill which they have sent to
us stands deferred until next December. It has
been postponed until the next session. It is dis-
posed of. The House, therefore, now deal with
us as having, at least for the time being, disposed
of that question; and we therefore are not want-
ing any time from them on that point; nor can we
ever ask them for an enlargement of the time until
we proceed to the consideration of it and show,
by our action, that we arc in need of time; for, as
things now stand, we are in need of no time what-
ever on that point. To my mind, so far from the
fact that if faithful attention be given to this sub-
ject wc shall want, in all probability, a longer
time than is now before us by the existing adjourn-
ment resolution, being a reason why we shonni
not take it up, it is the very reason why we should
now take it up, that wc may make a seasonable
application to the House for an enlargement, so as
to give us the necessary time to attend to it.
These are my views as to ihc propriety of the
reconsideration; hut I confess that 1 have serious
misgivings whether, if the vote be reconsidered
and the subject taken up, it will amount to any-
thing more than what has been sjggested from
the opposite side of the House, and that is, an at-
tempt to revive the act of 1846; and if that is all
that is to come out of this reconsideration, we had
better not ha\e it at all, because that act is the
very act under which Pennsylvania died; and when
she comes here and asks for some bread, and you
give her that stone, it will amount to no relief. If
that is to be the result, a reconsideration is of no
value to us; but I cannot presume, in the absence
of any proceeding on the subj< ct, that any part of-
the Senate will neglect to attend to the necessary
business of increasing the revenue of the country
according to the demands which their own appro-
priations have rendered necessary. 1 shall, there-
fore, vote for the reconsideration.
Mr. HUNTER. If this vote, postponing the
tariff, is reconsidered, 1 think I shall show that the
reason for it cannot be the want of revenue. The
Secretary of the Treasury has persistently main-
tained that if we confine the appropriations to the
estimates, he can get along with the present re-
sources; and that, even, since he reduced his esti-
mates of receipts $,5,000,000. The cleikof the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives has made an addition of the ap-
propriations; first of those that have passed finally,
then of bills which have passed the House and
have been amended by the Senate, and are before
committees of Congress; and here is his estimate.
We have passed the pension, the consular, the
Military Academy, the Indian, the Army, and
the Post Office appropriation bills for 1861. The
total amount thus appropriated is $24,368,141 99.
There are now pending before committees of con-
ference these bills: the legislative,$6,310,000; the
Naval bill, $10,263,000; the civil ormiseellaneous
bill, $5,499,000; making §22,271,944. That is to
say,if the committees of conference do not reduce
the additional appropriations made by amend-
ments of the Senate—and we know that they
always do—the sum total of these bills would be
$22,271,944. The sum total, then, of these gen-
eral appropriation bills, as we now know, cannot
exceed #46,040,086. The estimate for these bills
of the Secretary of the Treasury was $46,278,000,
making but a difference of about three hundred
thousand dollars between the bills as they now
stand and the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does that include the for-
tification appropriations?
Mi. HUNTER. Yes, sir. This approaches
with nearer accuracy to the estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, 1 venture to assert, than
the appropriations of Congress have ever done
before in the last forty years. It is true that the
Secretary estimated some things that we might
pass which we have not passed, and some that
did not pass either House, and some things have
passed which he did not estimate for, as, for in-
stance, the #2,000,000 for the Choctaws. The;
Texas regiment is cut out; the fortifications arc
reduced, and so on. Then, if we adjourn now,
wc shall stand in that position in which he says
that he can get on, according to all his statements,
for it appears on this statement of the clerk of the
Committee of Ways and Means that our appro-
priations in all these regular bills can exceed his
estimates by but a trifle; and the probability is,
that when the committees of conference come to
report their reductions, they will not quite equal
his estimates.
It is not, then, for want of money that youi
have to reconsider. It is very certain that if we
comc within $5,000,000 of the Secretary's esti-
mates of receipts, we shall have money enough
to get along the next year. We see, then, the
result of this change in the revenue system has
been that we have reductions now actually of the
appropriations of Congress very nearly to the
estimates. I am for holding on to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to assign, very briefly,
the reasons wiiy I shall vote against this motion
to reconsider. I have a very strong impression
in my own mind that it will become necessary to
revise the present tariff. I think it probable that
we shall require greater rates of taxation for the
support of the Government than are imposed by
the present tariff. But the question is, whether
it is advisable now, on the eve of an exciting con-
test connected with the political destinies of the
country; whether it is wise, either m regard to
the quantum of revenue, or still more so in refer-
ence to what is called the incidental effect of pro-
tection to any branch of the industry of the coun-
try, to attempt to revise the tariff at this period
of the session, and under the pressure of such an
excitement.
I agree with a remark that I think was made
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts a
few days ago, that nothing could happen more
dangerous to the manufacturing interests of this
country than to make political issues in reference
to the details of a tariff. I suppose it is settled
now as a principle from Which you cannot get
the country to recede—or if you did, very soon
a bill of that kind would be recalled—that duties
shall not be imposed beyond what is requisite for
the support of the Government, for the mere pur-
pose of protection. I hold that that doctrine is
settled in this country, and that without respect
to party. Noparty generally would propose any
other system, although individuals might under-
take it. The question of difficulty has been with
regard to the discrimination the incidental effect
as a matter of protection to various branches of
industry, whilst you impose no more than a suf-
ficient revenue for the wants of the Government.
There is where the difficulty arises, because it is
a question of detail, and I think that any man,
who really desires to advance the interests of any
portion of the manufacturing industry of this coun-
try that is to be affected by this species of dis-
criminating duty or incidental protection, should
not desire to make the question of the adjustment
of the details of a tariffa matterfor decision pend-
ing an exciting presidential contest.
Now, sir, what is the state of facts here? The
House of Representatives, after a lapse of five
months from the commencement of the session,
on the 11th of May, sent to us a tariff bill, which
not only changes the rates of duty, but the mode
and manner of collecting it. It is complicated m
itself; it requires extended consideration; it will
give rise to great variances of opinion in its de-
tails. Objections have been made to it. I know
that from communications made to me by manu-
facturers and agriculturists and commercial men
as to the details of the measure. There will be
those variances of opinion here. We must ex-
pect, as we did in adjusting the tariff of 1857, that
differences of opinion must give way, and that we
must attempt to arrive at such an -adjustment as
we suppose the best interests of the country
