2242
THE CONGRESSIONAL
GLOBE.
May 22,
isiana wants to vouch in somebody else who was
not the arbitrator; who was not appointed to de-
cide the case; who did not hear it according to
the terms of the award; and to persuade us to ac-
ccpt that as a fulfillment of the bargain. That is
his proposition; ihat is what he has been attempt-
ing to do this whole day. Has there' been any
act of a Territorial Legislature excluding slavery
brought under review by a judicial tribunal?
None. Has there been any writ of error as pro-
vided in the Kansas-Nebraska bill ? None.
But it is said that in the decision of another
case that did not arise in any Territory; that had
been instituted before the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill; that was not in the contemplation
of the parties; that involved other and different
questions; that, in the course of the argumenta-
tion of the court on that case, astute lawyers,
like the Senator from Louisiana, can pick out de-
tached sentences not applicable to the question,
and make them decide a controversy that was
never argued by counsel, and never considered
by the court; and the Senator from Louisiana
calls that the fulfillment of the bargain. That is
the plighted faith you made; and for refusing that,
when we call for the award of the arbitrator, when
we call for the bond of submission, when we call
for the case and the question, the Senator tells us
that in another case, upon another question, where
the counsel did not suppose this to be involved,
he, with h,is astuteness, can discover certain par-
agraphs which, in his opinion, are tantamount to
an award. That is the whole of it. It is that
which has made all this controversy. I did not
think, m the year 1854, nor m the year 1856, that
a difference of opinion on the power of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature was of sufficient consequence
to divide members of the Democratic party; and
possibly, if the question stood to-day where it
stood then, I might be willing, on account of agree-
ment with the Senator and others on so many
other points, to go a vast way towards conces-
sion and compromise on that. But, sir, I consider
it an experiment on the manhood of the northern
Democracy; that is the whole of it. When we
have made an agreement thoroughly understood,
not disputed, that we would abide by a certain
deteimmation in a certain manner, then Senators
say to us, "You shall take another determination
in another manner, and you shall close your
mouths forever." If that is the price of pence
in the Democratic party, I warn you that all
peace is at an end.
But, sir, I would have gone further. Although
the case of Dred Scott was m no si'iisc any such
case as was contemplated by any man who voted
for the Kansas-Nebraska bill; although it was
no such case, in any aspect, as was < ontempluted
at the time the Cincinnati platform was adopted;
nevertheless, if the question had even been sub-
mitted to the court for examination; if it had
passed under the minds of the judges, and they
nad delivered their opinion upon it; for the sake
of peace in the country and in the Democratic
party, I would have said, let us make a new ar-
rangement—let us take that decision as the end of
it. "Hut, sir, hen; is a case in which the question
did not even arise; where it could not arise. It
is an action brought in the circuit court for the
district of Missouri; not in a Territory. It in-
volves no question of any attempt by a Territo-
rial Legislature to interfere either with the right
of property in a slave or the right to introduce
slavery m the future. There is no such question
in the record; and if the Senator from Louisiana,
instead of being m the Senate of the United States,
had gone into any court, or before any judge,
and undertaken to persuade him that a decision
of a question not contained m the record was
decisive, he would have been laughed at for his
citation, and he would be the first to laugh at
anybody else who attempted it.
"Was the question even argued ? This argu-
ment transpired at a time when the Senate of
the United States was 111 session. It was twice
argued at an interval of a year. One of the
eminent counsel who appeared in favor of the
defendant in error was a Senator from Missouri,
Mr. Cfever. He was here two years, at least,
since 1 have been here. He is now dead. The
other one (Mr. Ileveidy Johnson) has been a
Senator; has been Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States. He is one of the most eminent men
in his profession now living in the United States.
He tells us that he never thought the question
was involved; that he never addressed any part
of his argumentto it; that his colleague never did;
that nobody ever did. Here, then, is a question
not involved; not argued; and the Senator says
we shall take that for the settlement of the con-
troversy; that we referred to a particular method
of determination; and that is just the way the
thing stands now. When I call on these gentle-
men to show me the decision of the court on that
point—to find me the case, according to.the terms
of the Kansas-Nebraska bill—I am told I must
take an argument or opinion of one judge talking
on another subject in Dred Scott's case. "When
I ask for bread, they give me a stone. When I
ask for fish, they give me a hissing serpent.
That is tly> way the dispute exists in the Demo-
cratic party.
Now, sir, I come to the case of Dred Scott. I
have shown that there was no such question, and
the Senator might just as well have gone and
brought me from the Library the old case of the
six parsons in Coke's Reports and read it to me,
for anything it had to do with this matter. The
first paragraph which the honorable Senator from
Louisiana read was not from the opinion of the
Chief Justice in Dred Scott's case; it was from
the opinion of Chief Justice Marshall in Canter's
case, and it had been cited to Chief Justice Taney
as being a contradiction of his proposition. Here
is the paragraph that is quoted which the Senator
from Louisiana read, which upon my asking the
question, he at once admitted was from Marshall,
and not from Taney:
{k Perhaps the power of governing a Territory belonging
to the United Slates, which lias not, by becoming a State,
acquired the means of self-government, may iesu!t, neces-
sarily, from the tact that it is not within tlte jurisdiction of
any particular State, and is within the powerand jurisdic-
tion of the United State*?. The right to govern may be the
inevitable consequencc of the right to acquire terntoiy.
Whichever may be the source fiom which the power is
derived, the possession of it is unquestionable."
In a subsequent portion the sentence is used,
that the Congress of the United States exercises
"the combined powers of the General and of a
State Government" in the Territories. Judge
Taney denied the very proposition in the univer-
sal terms for which Marshall's language was then
quoted, and for which the Senator quoted it to-
day. After having quoted the paragraph which
the Senator read, and commented upon it, the Chief
Justice says on page 444 of the nineteenth volume
of Howaid's Repoits:
"There is another sentence in the opinion which has
been commented on, winch even m a still moic striking
manner shows how one may mislead or he misled by taking
out a single sentence iroin the opinion of a court, and leav-
ing out of view what precedes and lollows. It is in page
f>U>, near the clo->eot the opinion, in which the court say:
4 In legislating tor them, [the Temtories of the United
States,] Congtess exeicisps. the combined powers of the
Geneial and of n State Government ' And it is said that
as a State may unquestionably prohibit slavery within its
terntoiy,this sentence decides m effect that Congress may
do the t^aino m aTerutory of the United States, exeieismg
there the powers ot a State, as well as the power of the
Geneial Goveinnient.
" The examination of this passage m tiie ease referred to,
would be more apptopiiatc when we come to consider m
anothei part of tins opinion what power Congress can con-
stitutionally eveicise m a Termor}, over tin* rights or per-
son ot tight- of piopertv of <i cituen. Hut, a«, it is in the
same ease with the passage we have bcfoieeomiuentedon,
we dispose of it now, as it will save the court fiom the ne-
cessity of icterimg again to the case. And ft will be seen
upon leading the page in which this sentence is lound, that
it has no leferenoe whatevei to tiie power of Congio^s orei
rights ot pei>on or rights ot ptopert)—hut relates altogether
to' the powei of establishing j udicial tribunals to administer
the laws constitutionally passed, and defining the jurisdic-
tion they may exercise.''
Thus I dispose of two of the Senator's cita-
tions. They are citations in which the court was
not even speaking of the question, but speaking
of a wholly different question. He quoted next
this sentence:
"And if Congress itself cannot do this—if it Is beyond
the power* conferred on the Federal Government—it will
be admitted, we piesume, that it could not authorize a tcr-
ittorial government to exercise them."
Undoubtedly, nobody disputes that, standing
by itself; but what has it to do with this ? Is the
Judge speaking of the question for which the Sen-
ator from Louisiana quoted it? Notatall. What
was he speaking of? Here is the way he intro-
duces the whole of it:
"This brings us t  examine by what provision of the
Constitution the present Federal Government, under us
delegated and restucted powers, is authorized to acquire
territory outside of the original limits of the United States,
and what powers it may exercise therein over the person
or property of a citizen of the United States, while it re-
mams a Territory, and until it shall be admitted as one ot
the States of the Union.
'• There is certainly no power given by the Constitution
to the Federal Government to establish or maintain colo-
nies bordering on the United States or at a distance, to be
ruled and governed at its own pleasure."
And yet the Senator from Louisiana undertook
to say that the decision of the court in the Dred
Scott case was that Congress had the right at its
own discretion to govern the Territories by what-
ever form of Government it chose, or graciously,
at its own decision, to commit to their inhabitants
the power of self-government. That is what he
undertook to demonstrate was the argument and
the decision of the court; and yet the court have
denied it in the very strongest language. I will
read the passage again:
"There is certainly no power given by the Constitution
to the Federal Government to establish or maintain colo-
nies bordering on the United States, or at a distance, to
be ruled and governed at its own pleasure, nor to enlarge
its terutorial limits in anyway, except by the admission of
new States. That power is plainly given; and if a new
State is admitted, it needs no further legislation by Con-
gress, because the Constitution itself defines tiie relative
rights and powers and duties of the State, and the citizens
oi the State, and the Federal Govei nment. But no power
is given to acquire a territory to be held and governed per-
manently in that character." ******
•' Y\ e do not mean, iiowever, to question the power of
Congiess m this respect. The power to expand the terri-
tory of the United States by the admission of new States
is plainly given; and in the consuuction of this power by
ail the depaitments of the Government, it has been held to
authorize the acquisition ot terntoiy, not fit for admission
at the time, but to be admitted as soon as its population
and situation would entitle it to admission. It is acquued
to become a State, and not to be held as a colony and gov-
erned by Congress with absolute authority."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not with "absolute;" but
the court goes on to say that it is to be governed
by Congress under the restrictions of the Consti-
tution.
Mr. PXJGH. That is the way the Chief Jus-
tice disposes of the mam proposition of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana. Then, a suggestion is made
to him at bar that there might be another view
taken of the subject; and what is that other view?
That the Constitution docs not prevail in the Ter-
ritories; and that, therefore, although Congress,
under the Constitution, can exercise no such
power as the Senator claims, it might exercise it
on the ground that the Constitution did not con-
trol Congress in the Territories. That is the next
step he takes in his argument. Now, then, how
does he answer it? lie quotes the bill of rights
in the Constitution of the United States:
" A reference to a few of the provisions of the Constitu-
tion wdi illustrate tins pioposition.
'•For example, no one, we presume, will contend that
Congress can make any law in a Teintory respecting the
establishment of religion, or the free exercise thereof, or
abridging the freedom of speech or of the press, or the right
ot the people of the Terntoiy peaceably to assemble, and
to petition the Government fot the redress of guevances.
" Nor can Congress deny to the people the right to keep
and bear arms, nor the right to trial by juiy, nor compel
any one to be a witness against himself in a criminal pro-
ceeding.
aThese powers, and other?, in relation to lights of per-
son, which it is not nece>sar> heic to enumerate, are, in
evpiess and positive teims denied to the Geneial Govern-
ment ; and the rights of puvate pro petty have been guarded
wuli equal care. Thus the rights of pioperty are united
with the lights of person, and placed on the same giound
by the fifth amendment tothe Constitution, which provides
that no peison shall bo depuved of life, liberty, and piop-
eity without due pioeess of law. And an act of Congress
which deprives a citizen of the United States of his liberty
orpioperty, merely because lie came himself or brought
his piopeity into a particular Teintory of the United States,
and wiio had committed no offense against the laws, could
hardly bo dignified with the name of due piocess of law.
'• So, too, it will hardly be contended that Congress could
by law quarter a coldier in a house m a Teiritory without
the eonsent of the owner, m time of peace ; nor in time of
war, but m a mannci prescribed by law. Nor could they
by law forfeit the property of a citizen in a Terntoiy who
was convicted of treason, for a longei period than the life
of the peison convicted; nor take private piopeity for pub-
he use without just compensation.
"The powei,-> over person and property of which we
speak"—
What powers? Those covcred by the amend-
ments to the Constitution'of the United States,
those covered by the bill of rights, which,he says,
limits Congress everywhere within the States, as
well as within the Territories. He makes no dis-
tinction . He says they are disabilities in the very
frame-work of government itself; that they apply
to all its departments, as well within the States
as in the Territories and on the high seas. The
Chief Justice goes on:
"The powers over person ami property, of v. inch we
speak"—
