1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
can be made out of it in one direction or another.
.1 repeat, I have been pained to see an attempt to
give this measure a party direction. I have been
pained to see men in different portions of the
country seizing this measure and trying to incor-
porate it as part of their creed, for the purpose of
affecting the public mind. If there are friends of
the people in the Senate and in the other branch
of Congress, let them be friends, and friends upon
correct principles. If there are Senators here
who believe that this is a great measure, calcu-
lated to ameliorate and elevate the condition of
the common men and advance the great cause of
civilization, let them stand by the great measure
upon principle; not upon party, or the feeling or
direction that may be given to it. All these move-
ments, though they may be made with correct
intentions, are calculated to weaken, to retard,
and in the end to defeat, its final consummation.
I speak what I know, when I say that no bill
can pass the Senate containing the provisions of
the House bill. Then, he who is a friend of the
homestead proposition, when he can get the sub-
stance of that great proposition, when he can get
all the essentials, all that is material in the bill now
under consideration, it does seem to me is not
ftcting in good faith when he takes that course,
and gives the measure that direction that is likely
to defeat it. If we cannot get what we most de-
'sire, let us take what comes the nearest to it. If
we cannot get some of the details of the measure
that may be desired by some, let us come forward
and take the substance. Let us take the great
principle; let us incorporate and place upon our
statute-book this homestead principle, which will
carry relief, which will ameliorate,as I remarked
before, the condition of thousands, if not millions,
of the people of the United States.
Why, then, should we not proceed regularly,
and consider the proposition legitimately and reg-
ularly before the Senate ? If the Senator simply
wishes to test the strength of the two propositions;
if he wishes to throw this side of the Chamber in
opposition to some points that he conceives ma-
terial in the House bill, for the purpose of effecting
party objects, let him test it on the Senate bill.
If we cannot get that which we most desire, let
us take that which comes the nearest to it; leaving
those who are desirous to pass the measure to
stand on practical grounds, and where they prop-
erly belong.
The time has been, Mr. President, when this
was no party measure. In 1846, when it was in-
troduced in the other wing of the Capitol, it was
not looked upon as a party measure. Then Whigs
and Democrats sustained it; and in 1852 it passed
that body by a majority of two thirds. In 1854 it
was considered, debated, and finally put upon its
passage, and passed by a similar majority. But
recently, itis true, some of the parties of the coun-
try have assumed to make itatenet oftheir creed;
but let me ask the Senator or meRiber who started
originally for this great measure upon principle—
let me say t<j him who looked at the measure and
its application to the toiling millions of the United
States, and was for it upon great national princi-
ples—let me ask him, either on this side of the
Chamber or on the other side of the Chamber, is
he now going to be driven from its support, be-
cause some to whom he stands opposed in poli-
tics favor the measure ?
I say for myself that I care not who sustains
it; but, on the contrary, I am anxious to obtain
support for this measure, come from what quar-
ter it may. it is right in itself; it embraces a
great principle; and I intend to pursue this prin-
ciple, carry me where it will. J have learned in
early life that, in the pursuit of a great principle,
you never can reach a wrong conclusion. If this
great measure is right in itself, I say the politician
and the statesman is timid, and has not the moral
courage which should accompany every man in
high place, when he is driven from its support be-
cause some may assume to support it to whom he
stands opposedin reference to their political creed.
It is right in itself; it is a great measure, calculated
to do great good. Why, then, should we abandon
it? Why should we not act on it, without refer-
ence to its bearing on any particular action that
may come off hereafter? I say, let the measure be
passed now, or as soon as it can be considered;
let it be placed on your statute-book as a law, and
take it out of the hands of wrangling and contend-
ing and misrepresenting parties. It is above par-
ties. Parties have scarcely aspired to the eleva-
tion of the principle involved in this measure.
Parties too frequently, on both sides, forget the
people, the intwests of the great masses of the
toiling millions-of the United States who bear all,
who produce all, who toil all, who pay all. Their
rights and their interests are overslaughed and ne-
glected in many contests and conflicts that tran-
spire between the parties of this country.
It was not my purpose, sir, to make a speech
on this occasion. It was not my purpose, when
I entered the Senate, to obtrude myself upon it,
unless where I believed the importance of the
measure with which I was connected, or the in-
terests of my people, required me to speak. I
hope, then, that we shall consider our own bill.
If the Senators wish to test the sense of the Senate
upon the leading points, it can be done. If this-
bill is rejected, the other bill can come up as a
matter of course, and we can have the sense of
the Senate upon it in that shape.
But while I am up, Mr. President,J may allude
to the amendment that has been proposed. Per-
haps, however, I ought not to speak of that now.
The question before us is simply a motion to post-
pone; but it seems to me that before the action
of the Senate is had on the postponement, the
suggestion-made by the Senator from Alabama,
which is a good one, is entitled to consideration:
that the two bills be read, and the comparative
difference between them understood, so that the
Senate can act understanding^. In reference to
the amendment offered by the Senator from North
Carolina to the Senate bill now under considera-
tion, I do not know whether it be legitimate or
not to discuss it now. Probably it is not, until
the Senate determines whether it will postpone
the one measure and take up the other, and there-
fore I will not touch that point. All I desire, I
will say to the friends of the homestead measure,
is, that it will receive the sanction of the Senate
and House of Representatives—feeling confident
that, if wc can pass the bill in such a shape as to
indorse the policy, in a very short time Congress
will cure all the defects that th^-e may be in the
original bill. I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will proceed to consider the bill that is now be-
fore it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, I propose
very briefly to-give my views in reference to the
question before the Senate—the comparative mer-
its of these two bills—and if I should wander
i somewhat, as the Senator from Tennessee has
| done, from the immediate question 
! Mr. WADE. If the gentleman will permit
j nie, I will inquire if it would not be better to settle
; this preliminary question before we debate the
I bill ? I do not know but that the Senator is in
I order; but it seems to me to be better to adopt the
| course 1 have suggested; and I will here state that
it is no part of my purpose to check or to inter-
rupt the debate, and I cannot see how my propo-
! sition could possibly do it. I would suggest to
1 my friend from Tennessee—nay friend on this
question, at all events—that 1 do not wish to put
myself in antagonism to him or his way of pro-
ceeding upon this subject; but it seemed to me to
be right that, both these bills coming together,
we had better take up the House bill, and then,
undoubtedly, those who preferred the Senate bill
would move that as a substitute for it.
Mr, BIGLER. If the Senator will allow me a
moment, that will not be necessary; because the
committee have reported back the House bill, as
I understand i^, with amendments to make it con-
form to the Senate bill. The fact is, there is no
difference in the questions whatever. The bill
which the Senator from Ohio moves to consider
is precisely the bill which is under consideration.
The first question that will come up, will be on
agreeing to the amendments of the committee.
That will be the first question; and on that the
merits of the two bills will be tested.
The Senator from Ohio is obviously right, so
far as relates to the order of business. The House
having first passed the bill, it is proper that the
Senate should consider that bill; and if notagree-
able to the Senate, the bill ought to be amended.
The committee have proposed to amend the bill?
they have reported amendments; and the first
question will be on agreeing to those amendments.
Therefore, the first question which the Senate will
decide, will be precisely the question between the
two bills, as the Senator from Ohio proposes; and
there is nothing at all in the whole question but
the order of business Now, I suggest to my
friend from Texas, as ho desires to go into the
merits of the whole question, that he will be per-
fectly free to do so on the consideration of the
House bill, as suggested by the Senator from
Ohio; for the amendments of the committee bring
up the merits of the Senate bill in antagonism
with the merits of the House bill, just as dis-
tinctly as the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WADE. I do not understand, as the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania does, that the committee
reported back the House bill with the Senate bill
as an amendment to it.
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, they did.
Mr. WADE. I did not understand it so.
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly they did.
Mr. WADE. If that is so, then the question
would be on agreeing to their amendment, and the
friends of the House bill could vote against it;
but I do not understand that to be so.
Mr. BIGLER. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the Senator
will allow me, I stated distinctly that I was in-
structed to report back the House bill with an
amendment, in lieu of it, to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert what was substantially
the Senate bill now under consideration.
■ Mr. WADE. Then the first question turns on
the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Exactly so;
which is the Senate bill.
Mr. WADE. Then I withdraw the motion,
and am willing to take the question on the amend-
ment, if that is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohicus
under a misapprehension. There is no amend-
ment now before the Senate; but there will be, if
his motion prevails. This is the position of the
case: we are now considering the Senate bill, not
as an amendment; the Senator from Ohio has
moved to postpone the Senate bill, and to take up
the House bill. When you do postpone the Sen-
ate bill and take up the House bill, what have
you got before you ? You have got before you
the House bill with the proposed amendment of
the Committee on Public Lands, which is to strike
out the House bill and insert the Senate bill which
we are now considering. Then, if the motion of
the Senator from Ohio prevails, we shall have the
whole question before us in a regular shape; we
can all understand it, and it seems to me we had
better, by common consent, postpone this bill and
take up the House bill, which has with it the very
Senate bill we are considering, and then we shall
have the whole question before us. That is the
natural course, and then we have the whole prop-
osition before us. But now we only have the
Senate bill before us. I hope the motion of the
Senator from Ohio will prevail.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, the prelim-
inary question of order being settled, I do not pre-
cisely understand how 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have a vote on that,
if the Senator from Texas pleases. Let us settle
that question and know where we stand.
Mr. WIGFALL. ["Go on!"] I say I do
not precisely understand how, but understanding
that I have the liberty of going on, I shall, as
briefly as possible, give my views on the subject
now before the Senate.
■ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question before the Senate. The bill un-
der consideration-is a Senate bill, reported from
the Committee on Public Lands, to which The Sen-
atorfrom North'Carolina has moved an amend-
i ment, and the question was upon the adoption of
I that amendment. In that condition of tilings, the
| Senator from Ohio moved to postpone the Senate
; bill and the amendment, and to take up for con-
j sidcration the bill from the House of Represent-
atives, and that is the motion now before the
Senate, unless he has withdrawn it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Precisely; and, Mr. Presi-
dent, I propose now to discuss that, and I trust
that I may be excused for following the example
that has been set before me. 1 shall speak to that
question as closely as those who have already
spoken.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I would like to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair: whether it is in order to discuss
the merits of the bill on a question of postpone-
ment ? I thought it had been decided that it was
not.
