278"
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 29,
would vote for any member of my own party in
the present attitude of the House, for it must be
apparent that we cannot organize the House as
we desire, unless we have aid from those who
have presented the name of Mr. Maynard. Then,
while we expect their aid to organize it according
to our peculiar notions, it seems to me that it
would be illiberal in us to refuse to vote for a na-
tional man presented by them.
I have heard it'said that gentlemen upon this
aide cannot afford to vote for a man of his pecu-
liar political tenets 
Mr. TOMPKINS. I must object to this dis-
cussion continuing any longer. It has been a very
long minute.
Mr. HAMILTON. Only half a minute longer.
They cannot afford, they say, to vote for a man
of his peculiar tenets, because they cannotgoback
to their foreign-born constituents, after they have
done so, with any sort of justification. I have to
say to them that I, too, represent a foreign born
constituency—perhaps eight or nine thousand
votes. I believe, however,that they are sensible
men. I believe, above all, that they have devo-
tion to this common country. Believing that, I
think that they will appreciate my motive in voting
for Mr. Maynard. If they do not, and are not
satisfied with my action, they have thirty-five
thousand other gentlemen from whom they can
select my successor. I vote for Mr. Maynard,
of Tennessee.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I change
my vote from Mr. Bocock, of Virginia, to Mr.
Maynard, of Tennessee.
Mr. JOHNCOCHRANE. X wish to propound
a question in reference to the vote I have given.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object to further discus-
sion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not intend to
enter upon the debate. Indeed, sir, I will not
disturb the composure of this House to the ex-
tent that the gentleman does who objects.
I wish, Mr. Clerk, to know a fact ur two in
reference to the position of the House before I
shall be able accurately to have my vote recorded.
If I understand rightly the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard,] who has been nomin-
ated, and for whom votes have beeif cast, was
nominated by a gentleman in regular standing in
(he American party. If I understand rightly, he
lias been supported by different gentlemen upon
this floor, us a member in regular standing m that
party.
Mr. BRABSON. One word
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Not now. Now,
sir, I stand here as a Democrat, associated with
my fellow Democrats from all sections of the
Union, and have given them support. Then' are
other of my Democratic associates from the North
who stand in the same position, and who, with
me, will so continue. As such a national Dem-
ocrat, one of my principles has always been op-
position to that sectional, restricted party, which
would impose conditions upon the adopted citi-
zens of this laud. And I warn gentlemen here
to-day, that if the principles of the national Dem-
ocratic party are to be neutralized, or in one jot
or tittle affected in that respect, then that party at
the North will be swept from existence as with
the besom of destruction. Therefore, sir, under-
standing the matter in this light, I leave my \ote
where I have recorded it—for George S. Hous-
ton, of Alabama.
Mr. BRABSON. The gentleman desires to
know whether the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] by me put ni nomination for the
Speakership, is m regular standing in the Amer-
ican party. I can answer him. I tell him that,
so far as I am concerned, from my cradle up I
have fought the D^mocnicy, and I expect to light
them upon ail the great questions of tke day, ex-
cept the slavery question, so long as the dod of
heav.-n permits me to breathe, i never was in
a Know Nothing lodge. I have no apology to
make Jor Mr. Maynard. 1 want that understood.
! have not mad'1 any. I understand, from his own
Ijp>,tha! ho ne\< r was in an American lodge. He
is not ail American, although lie was by my side
for Fillmore, in 185(J. And, sir, the most glorious
battle I ever fought was for Fillmore, in my own
beloved native State of Tennessee. [Applause in
(he galleries.J
Mr. GROW. Go on with the call of the roll.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I desire to changc
my vote, for the purpose of conciliation and har-
mony, and with the nope of producing an election
by a union of all the elements of the opposition
to the Republican party. To show my willing-
ness for that union, I vote for Mr. Maynard.
Mr. McRAE. I want it noted upon the record
of our debates who they are that now change their
votes. When we come to another regular vote,
then we can ascertain whether all those gentlemen
will vote for Mr Maynard, or not.
Mr. COBB. I do not purpose to change my
vote. I have not voted yet. 1 will not imitate
those who will do wrong because others do not do
right. I intend to do right, although every other
man upon this floor does wrong. I believe it is
right at this time to vote for Mr. Maynard; and
so believing, I cast my vote for him.
Mr. SIMMS. I will change my vote from Mr.
Bocock to Mr. Maynard.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is my vote recorded?
The CLERK. It is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I vote for Joshua Hill.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will change my vote
from Mr. Taylor to Mr. Houston.
Mr. LOGAN. I will change my vote. I vote
for Mr. McClernand, of Illinois.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to make
a remark defining my position before the result of
the vote is announced. My name is among the
first on the roll, and, as the House know, I did
not vote for Mr. Maynard. Mr. Maynard is
acting with the American party of the Union. It
is said he does not belong to that party. It is
said he belongs to the old-line Whigs of the coun-
try. I am ready, and have always been ready,
as announced in my first speech, to organize this
House, and to vote. if my vote would eiTect that
result, for any gentleman of any party in this
House, outside of the Republican party. So far
as I am concerned, I would prefer to vote for an
out-and-out American, who will take the respon-
sibility of that organization before the country,
than to -\ote for a man who, acting against the
Demociatic party of the country, has never taken
that responsibility. I like a bold man; I like a
man who marches up and places himself squarely
upon the record of the country, and takes the re-
sponsibility of his position, f do not like a man
who shrinks from the responsibility of his posi-
tion. I, therefore, did not vote for Mr. Maynard,
nor do I now propose to vote for him.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I change my vote
from Mr. Piielps to Mr. M^Ci.ernand.
The result of the vote was announced as above
lecorded: and then, (at five o'clock p. m.,) on
motion of Mr. COX, the House adjourned.
;j HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
;j Thursday, December 29, 1859.
j; The i louse met at twelvi o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Byron Sunderland.
; j The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
li THE SPKAKEKSrilP.
l' The CLERK. The question hefoie the House
is upon the admissibility of the resolution of the
'j gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Wins low,]
'! presented on Thursday last: and on that question
jj the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.MoRBis] is enti-
!; tied to the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, resumed and eon-
;; eluded his remarks commenced yesterday. [See
: I Appendix.]
; | Mr. GROW. I have sought the floor at this
r time, Mr. Cleik, not for the purpose of engaging
' in tin general discussionof any political questions,
> all of which, as it seems to me, are wholly irrel-
evant to the proper business of the House at this
time. My only object now is to respond briefly
to the remarks made some days since by thegen-
; tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Branch,] in
i: winch the prerogatives of this House were called
1 m question in such a way as to make it almost
, necessary for me to reply in the nature of a per-
, sonal explanation. I shall, therefore, trespass
unon the time of tin House but a few moments.
!; 'Mr. RUST. Will the gentle man ;«lhnv ine a
! moment?
j Mr. GROW. I cannot; ] am opposed to all
:j interruptions.
Ij Mr. RUST. I want the fioo ronly for a moment,
i for the purpose of making a personal explanation.
Mr GROW. Wh''t I have to say myself i* in
the nature of a personal'explanation. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I am opposed to this whole
system of one gentleman occupying the floor and
yielding for other gentlemen to make speeches.
Mr. RUST. I only want to make an explana-
tion m reference to a vote I gave yesterday.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman wishes merely
to correct the record, I yield to him, of course,
for that purpose.
Mr. RUST. I voted yesterday upon the ballot
for Speaker, when it appears that I should not
have done so. I stated and understood that my
pair with the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Wood] had expired yesterday. I am informed,
however, by the gentleman's colleague, [Mr.
Millward,] that the pair extended until Wednes-
day next. I should have regretted, even if great
good had resulted from it, any breach of faith
upon my part in reference to any engagement 1
had entered into with that gentleman; and I take
the liberty now of asking that my vote may be
withdrawn. I understand, however, that Mr.
Wood was paired off with some one else.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Thatwas,however, but for
one day.
Mr. GROW. Not being able, sir, to obtain the
floor at the time the remarks were made by the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Branch]
and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smitii,J
in reference to the Post Office appropriation bill of
the last session of Congress, I am necessarily com-
pelled, at this time, to repeat a small part of the
record which they introduced, and then I shall
refer to a part of the record on which they did
not seem disposed to comment. On the 26th of
February last, a bill passed this House making
all the necessary appropriations for the support
of the Post Ofiice Department for the present year.
It appropriated about twenty million dollars : about
two million dollars was for the erection of post
offices and custom-houses in different States of
the Union; §3,800,000 was to supply a deficiency
in the appropriations for last year. So it left for
the current expenses of this year about fifteen
million dollars. The bill was went to the Senate,
and it was afterwards returned to this House upon
the morning of the 2d of March, with thirty-three
amendments attached to it by the Senate, one of
which provided for an increase of the rates of post-
ages from three to five and ten cents on letters, and
doubled the postage on printed matter. When
the bill was returned to the House, as was said by
the gentleman from North Carolina, who referred
to this subject, I rose to a point of privilege that,
under the Constitution, the-Senate of the United
States could not originate a revenue bill; and, as
they could not do that, they could not put a rev-
enue measure as an amendment to a bill to which
it was not germane. The resolution offered by
me was in these words:
'• Resoh cd. That the IIous*e hill (No. 6'r2) making appro-
priation-* tor defiaynig the expenses ot the Po-t Otlice De-
paitmcnt for the yom ending the 30th Jnrro, 1860, with the
Sfnato amendments thereto, he ictmned to iho Senate, as
section thirteen of .'-aid amendment* in the nature of a
revenue bill."
This was the resolution referred to by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, sending the bill
back with the suggestion that one of the Senate
amendments was m the nature of a revenue bill.
Why do it? We made that suggestion in order
that the Senate could lea\e that amendment out.
if they chose to, and then return the bill to us
with their other amendments winch, m that case,
we should have taken up and considered. That
resolution passed the House J17 yeas to 76 nays.
Twenty-nine Democrats voted for the resolution,
and nine South Ameiicans, and e\eiy Republi-
can who voted. Yet the charge by gentlemen on
this floor, arraigned me and the gentlemen with
whom I cooperate, as attempting to invade the
prerogatives of the Senate, and as adopting an
unjustifiable course, tor selfish purposes, under
the plea of preserving the privileges of this House
against encroachment. The Republican party
upon this floor in the last Congress had but ninety
members, whilst the Democrats had one hundred
and thirty; and yet, notwithstanding the forty
Democratic majority, this icsohuion passed the
IIoufc by a majoiity of forty-one. So far I give
credit to those Democrat?: who stood with to
protect the constitutional prerogative j of the House
against encroachment by a coordinate department
of the Government. The resolution was sent to
the accompsmed by the. bill. They re-
