1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It has been the
decision of the Chair, within a short time, that
debate upon the merits of a measure was not in
order, when a question merely as to the order of
business was before the Senate; but debate has
gone on without interruption, and the Chair will
not feel, like interrupting it now.
Mr. WIGFALL. I presume, if Senators will
be patient, and not call me to order, the Chair will
not interrupt mo; and as other Senators have not
been interrupted, I trust I may be allowed, as I
am iii the humor of speaking, to say a few words
on this question. With that distinct understand-
ing, I shall discuss the question before the S«nate.
The Senator from Tennessee begs that this may
not be considered a party question; I am at a loss
to know how it can be anything but a party ques-
tion; and there we differ. I suppose that every
question that comes before either "branch of Con-
gress, or before the President, is ipso facto and, as
our friend John Tyler would say, per se a party
question; for what is the very foundation of any
matter coming under consideration here ? It is the
power of the Government. I care not what the
measure is; if it is a bill for establishing a post
office or post road, or if it is a tax bill, or a bill
disbursing money, or increasing the Army, or
diminishing it; every single imaginable question
that can come up involves, first, the power of th«
Government; and that again involves the idea—
and that must be settled—us to what is the form of
Government under which we are living.
Here is a bill providing land for the landless,
homes for the homeless, and leaving out the im-
portant matter, in my opinion, of niggers for the
ni^gerless. [Laughter.] If this Government is
an eleemosynary establishment; if it was intended
by the fathers to provide for the indigent, the halt,
the blind, the deaf, and the dumb; if those who
cannot support themselves have to be supported
by the Government, then, when you give land to
them, I think you ought at least to furnish those
who arc to work the land. That is but fair. I
would regard it as a very great outrage to give a
man one hundred and sixty acres of land, and
force him to work it, when by staying at home he
has shown his indisposition to work at anything
else. If we are to give men land, let us furnish
those who will work it for them; and do the entire
thmgfor them at once; and I was almost going to
say, reopen the African slave trade; but that would
involve another idea; for it would convert this
Government not only into an eleemosynary estab-
lishment, but a missionary concern also, that wo
should undertake, by reopening the African slave
trade, to Christianize Africa by catching Africa
and bringing Africa here, where Africa can be
preached to without endangering the cloth; for it
is my deliberate opinion that about three preach-
ers are eaten to every convert that is made by those
who go to that country. [Laughter.]
But, the Senator fromTennessee says that this is
not a party question, or he trusts it may not be so.
I am a party man, and I cannot vote for anything
except on party grounds. If it is not a party ques-
tion, I cannot vote at all, [laughter;] and 1 expect
to vote on it, and therefore I must consider it as
a party question.
Now, Mr. President, what is the proposition
beforp the Senate ? It is that we shall give homes
to the homeless; that this Federal Government
shall furnish for those who have no homes a place
in which to live. I am in the habit of looking at
things plainly and dealing with them practically;
and if I know myself—and I am not in the habit
of talking very often aboutmyself—I think if there
is anything for which I have an utter abhorrence,
it is demagoguism, or sailing under false colors. I
never run into a port and claim neutrality, but am
ready to show my flag either within the three
marine leagues or out upon the high,seas. If this
Government is a consolidated, central Govern-
ment; if sovereignty resides in the Federal Gov-
ernment; if the legal title vests in the Federal Gov-
ernment to all the property owned by the United
States, and not only the legal, but the equitable
title; if this Government is not the trustee, but the
cestui que trust, then I say we have a right to do
what is proposed by this bill; not otherwise.
Then is this Government sovereign ? How was
it formed ? Where does the power reside ? Where
is the legal, where the equitable title to everything
that is owned? for I shall, before we get thiough
with this question, propose to give, not land, but
money. I shall improve some what, for I am rather
progressive, upon my friend from North Carolina,
by substituting, not one hundred and sixty acres
of land for every man, woman, and child in the
United States, but $160, in money, to every one of
them, and we will hold'the land; for, being the
friend of the people, 1 think the people ought to
have something that would be of some use to them.
Give them the money; they have as much right to
the money as they have to the land. Give them
the money; and then I think they ought to have
their mileage, because it would be a crying.evil,
it wcjuld be a gross outrage, it would be a mon-
strous wrong upon the sovereign people of this
country if they should be required to pay their own
expenses here to the seat of Government to get
only §160! Sir, it would be aristocratic in every
feature, [laughter;] it would be establishing a mo-
nopoly in favor of wealth; it would be enabling
those who could travel upon steamboats and rail-
roads to come here to Washington and get the
$160, and tlu; poor, hard-working man who lives
by the sweat of his face would be unable to get the
bounty of this Government. Therefore,I shallnot
only propose to exchange land for money, but to
add mileage also; and, if that shall be voted down,
then I give fair notice that I intend to propose that,
if we are to give land, we shall furnish those who
shall work it; and I think about three negroes
would be enough—one woman, with a child, and
her husband, with a prospect of a large increase.
[Laughter.] Then we shall be doing the clean
thing.
But before I begin exhibiting my affection for
the people, and making these demonstrations, I
propose to consider whether we have a right to
do this, for all of us are here under oath; and I am
not disposed to vote for any measure unless I be-
lieve I have clearly the constitutional right to do
it. How stands this Federal Government? I can-
not say that the question is sprung upon me, be-
cause I have known always, ever since I can
recollect, that this question was before the country;
I have at different times considered it, but I have
not considered it^yith a view to debating it to-day.
I, however, happen to feel in the humor, and
therefore I speak upon the question.
Some years ago—it began a long time ago—first
one of the kings of England, and then another of
them, established colonies on this continent by
metes and bounds; and after a while there got to
be some thirteen, or fourteen, or fifteen colonies,
established under different charters, all of them
different each from the other, some of them colo-
nial governments, some of them charter govern-
ments, and some of them proprietary go vernments;
buteaeh a separate, distinct political organization
and community. Time rolled on; and in 1776,
thirteen of these different political communities
declared their independence. Canada did not;
there were other British possessions and colonies
that did not; but these thirteen political commu-
nities declared their independence; and when they,
by seven years' hard fighting,achieved that inde-
pendence, they became sovereign, separate, and
independent States.
As I have said, I can consider nothing, except
as a party man; and I can vote upon nothing here,
except upon some well-established principle. His-
tory has been ignored. Men who understood it,
or ought to have understood it, have laid it aside.
Theories have been substituted, and men have
predicated theories upon facts which never ex-
isted, except in their own imaginations; and
among these, I would name that distinguished
jurist, Mr. Justice Story, who wrote books; and,
if he was remarkable for anything else, I happen
never to have ascertained it.
When these colonies, all of them separate and
distinct political communities, each holding its
power under the Crown, declared their independ-
ence, what became of the colonial governments'
When I speak of colonial governments, I mean
those governments that were established by the
Crown. Some of them were colonial; some were
proprietary; some were charter governments; but
all of these governments were established and did
exist, because of the authority which the Crown
had given. When the authority of the Crown
ceased, what became of the authoi ities of the gov-
ernments? They ceased, of course; they were no
longer m existence, because the foundation having
been removed, the superstructure toppled and fell.
Then what became of them ? Sovereignty vested
somewhere; the sovereignty that had been in the
Crown devolved somewhere. Where did it de-
volve? In the governments? There was no gov-
ernments on which it could devolve, for the gov-
ernments were, all destroyed by the act of the.
Declaration of Independence. Then, sovereignty
devolved upon the people. Upon what people?
Upon the people of the thirteen different colonies
which had declared their independence. Upon
any others? No. Canada did not declare her
independence, and therefore the sovereignty of the
Crown old not devolve upon the people of Can-
ada; but upon the people of the thirteen independ-
ent, separate colonies this sovereignty devolved, ,
and they became eo instanti thirteen sovereign,
separate, and independent States. This is history.
There is a general sentiment prevailing in the
country that our Union is of Divine origin, and it
has had a most pernicious effect on the Union it-
self. I believe that this tery sentiment has had
more to do, or will have more to do,"with its de-
struction, if destroyed unfortunately it ever shall
be, than any other sentiment that ever has per-
vaded the country. It has had the same effect
that the old idea of toryism had in England.
Had Sir Robert Filmer never written his book
proving the Divine right of kings, probably the
revolution in England never would have occurred;
and had this idea of unionism never prevailed in
the United States, probably this Federal Govern-
ment, under the direction of a dominant party in
the country, would never hereafter commit any act
that would precipitate a dissolution of the Union.
It is well, therefore, to call things by their right
names, and discuss matters as they present them-
selves to us. Unionism, as unionism merely, and
toryism, are synonymous terms. I call things by
their right names, and I shall continue to do so.
If, in the course of human events, it had hap-
pened unfortunately that but one single colony had
been established, and that its metes and bounds
had been described by the Canada line on the one
side and the Florida line on the other, and th«.
South sea on the west, and a Declaration of In-
dependence had been declared and a Government
established for that, I hazard the opinion that
that Government would nothave lasted ten years.
The wisdom of man could not have devised, for
such a State, a republican or democratic Govern-
ment that could have lasted ten years. The in-
terests of the different sections were so antagonis-
tic that such a government as they have in Rhode
Island, such a government as they have in Texas,
such a government as they have in Virginia, such
a government as they have in Georgia, such a
government as they have in any State in this
Union could not possibly have existed ten years,
had it been established. Such a Government must
have been established, had the people of theUnP
ted States been one people; had there, in other
words, been but one colony, and, when the Dec-
laration of Indffpendcnce was made, had sover-
eignty devolved upon one single political com-
munity. But, fortunately or accidentally, there
were thirteen colonies, and the sovereignty de-
volved upon thirteen separate political communi-
ties. Having declared their independence, they
fought through a war of seven years, most of it
under a loose league. They knew that they had
a common enemy, and they joined together to
fight that enemy without any written stipulations.
About the year 1781, Maryland, upon this very
squatter-sovereignty, homestead doctrine, came
into the Union, and she said that they were fight-
ing for these lands, and they ought to be owned by
the States in common; and that though Virginia,
and New York, and the other States, had the pa-
per titles, Maryland was not going into this mat-
ter unless she could come in and have these lands
set aside for Federal purposes; and there is no
man upon this floor, orin this Union, who knows
the character of Maryland, that would ever ac-
cuse them of standing upon anything except a
question of principle—not the love of money.
In 1781 a confederation was formed—between
whom ? Mr. Justice Story says the people of tha
United States as one community. Amongst whom
was it formed ? Amongst the people of the thir-
teen different colonies, then States, and amongst
those thirteen States that had declared their in-
dependence; and the second article of that Confed-
eration declares that l: each State retains its sov-
ereignty, freedom, and independence, and every
power, jurisdiction, and right which is not by this
