1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27%
turned to us the answer which was read the other
day, and I desire to refer to it again. This is it:
" Resolved by the Senate of the United Slates, That the
Senate and House being, ol" light, equally competent each
to jud,y;c of the propriety and constitutionality of its own
action, the Senate lias exercised said light in its action on
the amendment sent to the House. leaving to the House
its right to adopt or reject each of said amendments at its
pjoasuje."
Wc agreed with them on that doctrine. Each
House could judge of the constitutionality of its
action, and we had the same right to judge of oars
that they had of theirs. Early in the day of the
3d of March, Mr. Phelps moved to take the
bill from the table, and the House refused to take
it up, and on the adjournment of-Congress it was
left upon the table, as the gentleman said.
This bill had on amendment of the Senate upon
it increasing the postages of the country, almost
doubling them: and the question arises, could
the Senate originate a bill to increase postage ?
The point was made the other day that this House
violated its proper duty when it raised this ques-
tion, and the gentleman fromVirgima [Mr. Smith]
said that the sands of the Congress were running
out when it was made, and therefore it was too
late to raise a constitutional question. I thought
it was proper to raise constitutional questions at all
times, no matter whether the last sand in the hour-
glass had run out or not.
To justify the action of the House, Mr. Clerk,
I read from the Constitution of the United States,
section seven, article first:
" All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the House
of Representatives.
That is a plain, express provision. Then the
question arises, is the collection of the Post Office
receipts raising revenue? On that point I will not
rely alone upon my own judgment, 01* upon the*
sense of the House, expressed by its forty-one
majority^ but I will call the attention of gentlemen
to the decisions, not only of the circuit eomt of
the United States, but of the, Supreme Court also.
Without referring to all the laws of Congress
which have been poised in reference to the Post
Office receipts, in all of which they are termed
revenue, F enll attention specially to the act passed
July 24,1836, (fifthvolume StatutesatLarge, page
80.) The first clause of the act reads thus:
"That the icvemie arising in the Post Office Depait-
ment. and all debts due to the same,, t-hall, when collccted,
be paid, under the ducction of the Postmastci General,
into the Ttea^ury of the United States."
These Post Office receipts all go into th.' Treas-
ury; and, when onee there, every gentleman upon
this lloor knows that there is no way to take money
out of the Treasury save by an appropriation by
Congress; and that, if there were a surplus m the
receipts for' postages over the expenses of the
Post Office service, we could appropriate it for
any other purposes of the Government. So, then,
they go into the common fund under the laws of
Congress, and belong to the revenue of the Gov-
ernment. I will read from a decision of Judge
Ingersoll, of the circuit court of the United States j
for the district of Sow York, delivered March 17, j
1859, in which the only point raised was, whether :
Post Office receipts wc *e revenue or not. Mr. ■
Fowler, postmaster at New York, had been sued j
by James A. Warner, bccause he did not deliver ;
up certain letters which Mr. Warner claimed be- j
longed to him. By the third section of an act j
of Congress, passed the 2d March, 1833, (Stat- i
utc3 at Large, volumc-.4, page G33.) it is pro- ;
vided that, when a suit or prosecution shall be j
commenced m a court of any State, against any |
officer of the United States, or other person, for j
or on account of any act done under the revenue j
laws of the Unilcd Slates, or vnder color thereof, the 1
defendant can remove lus suit from the State court |
into the circuit court of the United States by ;
taking the proper steps. The defendant did that
in this case; and the question aiose whether the j
case should be remanded to the State court. I read ;
from Mr. Ingersoll's decision: j
"The plaintiff moves afterward befoto this comt, and \
makes Ins motion to have the cau^e remanded to the su- 1
picme court of the State, and to have all the piocecdoigs '
toi the removal of the same into this coutt vacated, on the j
giound that the Pos-t Office law* ot the United States, un- ;
der coloi of which the defendant acted, are not lovenue \
iiws of the United States, within the meaning of these |
t''im{, a& they aie used in the above lecitcd act of Consul i\ '
of March, 1333. Jind whether they are rcier.uc laics vithia i
the meaning of the e tcr/nr.} c/i they arc I'srr/ in that act of [
Congress, is the only question presented. '
"The revenue o! tho Stito 15 the produec cf t i
cisc, custom?, duties, which it collects and receives into
the tiea^ury for public u*e It is the income which it re-
ceive^ to enabie it to pei form it^ pioper functions. And
laws relating to the revenue, or revenue laws, aie such
laws a-> aio enacted m lefoioncc'to income ; such as give
rules to the mode of its collection, and as to the manner in
which the officials employed in sucli collection shall con-
duct.
"All taxes which are imposed by the State, whether such
taxes be direct or indirect, when collected, aie the revenue
of the State. They arc its income. As they are the icv-
enueof the State, all laws 1 emulating such taxes, and giving
such mles for their collection, are tax.es relating to the
revenue.
•• The duty paid for the caniage of letters by the agency
of Government at timed a mo^t important blanch of the
public revenue, and the laws relating to the same are of
the greatest importance to the revenue. From this duty
the Government, in t.mei> of war, 01 at anytime when from
any cause the income nom customs is miterialfy impaired
and cannot be increased, dciives an essential part of the.
levenue.
" Dutie?. or taxc^ collected under the tariff laws of the
United States, upon the importation ot foreign goods into
the country, ate the revenue of the State; and the laws
regulating "the collection ot such duties a.- taxes, and p«o-
bcnbing lutes to ollicials employed in such collection,
aie laws 1 elating to the levenue. Tins i« conceded. But
such duties or taxes are no more the revenue oj the State than
are the duties or tuxes collected under the Post Ojilicc lau. * of
the United State.*,for the carriage of letters in the public
mails, the revenue of the State. And the laws regulating
the collection of duties or taxes upon the importation of
loicign good.* into the countiy, and picvcubingiules for the
government ot officials in the collection of such duties nr
taxes, are no moie laws 1 elating to the revenue than aie
the laws which legulate the mode of collecting duties or
ta\C!5 for tho cairiageof letter 111 the public mails, or which
prescnbe rules for the conduct of officials in the collection
of such duties 01* taxes loi < uch eanidge."
This is the decision of the circuit court, which
is in conformity with the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
I read from 12th Howard's Reports of the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court, page 90, United States
vs. Bromley. Justice McLean "delivers the opinion
of the court, which was a unanimous one:
" ''Miis wnt of error \va< l^ued under tho act of the 31-<t
of M.u, U<M, entitled k An act to amend the judicial y act
pa^cd the 21th September 1789, which piovides that final
judmncnt-5 in any eueuit court of the United States, ;n any
civil action biought by the United^tates for the enlorce-
inentoi the revenue laws of the United States, 01 for the
collcetionol the dut<cs due 011 merchandise imported theic
in, ma;, be examined, and reversed nr affirmed tn the Su-
pieme'Courtof the United Stale-, without legaid to the
sum or value in controversy in such action, at the instance
of either pai ly."'
Under tluU law the case went to the Supreme
Court of the United States. The point raised
there was whether the Post Office laws were rev-
enue laws in the contemplation of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States.- I read now
from pa«c 97 the decision of the court in that case,
which decides that the PostOfHce laws are revenue
laws:
"■ Under tin* act of 18l3fv, the revenue o*' the Po-t Office
Department 1^ pud into the Tien^ny. Kevenue i.> the in-
come 0} a State, and tho revenue ol the Post OHic l)e-
paitment, being lawd by a tax on mailable niattei con-
vened m the mail, and which is disbursed m the piibiic
seiviee, is much a part oj tho income o{ the Government
a*' money-- collected for duties on imports."
XL re, then, Mr. Clerk, is the plain provision
of the Constitution of the United States, and the
decision of the circuit and Supreme Courts of the
United States. Upon those authorities we rely
for a justification of the conduct of the last House
of Representatives on the Post Office bill. But
if the Senate cannot originate n revenue bill, as
every gentleman upon this lloor must admit, can
they attach an amendment to a bill sent from this
House, not for the purpose of laisiog revenue,
which will accomplish that purpose: Such an
amendment to an appropriation bill would not, of
course, be germane, and could not be made under
the Constitution if the Senate could not origmotc
a bill for that puipose, as the foregoing author-
ities conclusively show. The proceedings of the
last House on the Post Office bill were not only 111
consonance with the plain provision of the Con-
stitution and the decision of the courts, but were
strictly in accordance with parliamentary piecc-
dent. I read from " May 011 Parliament," page
344. Kveivone, of course, will recognize itasa
conclusive authority upon the question of parlia-
mentary law:
(<Ai a geneial rule, bill-- may ongmatc m either House ;
but the exclusive 112)11 of the Common? to grant tupphes,
and to oppose and appropriate all charges upon the people,
lendeis il ucce^aiy to hmoduce by fai the gieatci piopor-
tion oi bill* imo that House. Bills ^elating to theichef
and management ot the poor, for example, involve, almost
nece^saulv, some charge upon the people, and generally
oiigmatc with the Commons. Two bills only leiatmg to
tht poor have been sent to th-i C ommons by the Lou!.
during the present century. The first, in 1801, was laid
aside nem. con., when Mr. Speaker called attention to it;
the second, in 1831, was received but n<?t proceeded with,
the first reading being postponed for three months."
The Lords have ceased all attempts to force
upon the Commons of Great Britain either amend-
ments or bills imposing taxation upon the people.
Yet it is proposed to introduce that practice into
our system.
Again, May continues:
" Such amendments, however, ought not to interfere with
1 egard to the amount of the tax, the mode of levying or col-
lecting it, the persons who shall pay or rcceive it, the man-
ner of its appiopuation, or the persons who shall have the
contiol and management of it. In any of these cases, the
Commons may insist upon their privileges, and it is only by
waiving them m particular instances, and under special
circumstances, that such amendments have ever been ad-
mitted."
Yes, sir; the Commons would never admit them,
unless it was expressly stipulated that, in partic-
ular'cases, they would waive their objection.
Again, says the same author, page 408:
" In bills not confined to matters of aid or taxation, but in
which pecuniary buiilens aie imposed upon the people,the
Louis may make any amendments, provided they do not
alter the intention of the Commons with regard to the
amount of the late or charge."
The Senate did not undertake to alter our bill,
but to impose adirect charge upon the people;and,
therefore, it was not germane to our bill. Had we
introduced a bill making an increase of the rates of
postage, or pertaining to that subject, then, under
that clause of the Constitution which permits the
Senate to amend revenue bills, they could have
done it. In Parliament there is no law allowing
the Lords to put amendments even upon bills of the
Commons which impose taxes or burdens upon
the people. The Senate may do it upon bills for
that purpose originating in the House, because
the Constitution makes that express exception.
To the following parliamentary precedent I wish
to call the attention of the House, page 408 of
May 011 Parliament:
u But all bills of thi.> cla^s must originate in the Co>n-
mon«, that llnuse \\ ill not agree to any provisions which
impose a charge upon the people if sent down from the
Loub, hut vill o'/der the bilk containing them to be laid
aside.',
Now, if the Senate had sent us a bill in this
case, we would have ordered it laid aside, as we
did this bill.
'• Neither will they permit the Lords to insert any pro-
visions of that natuio m bills sent up from the Commons;
but will d^a^roe to the amendments, and insist on their
disagreement, or luij the bill aside at once.
In accordance with this precedent, we did lay
aside the Post Office bill.
1 will read one other precedent from Ferrall's
Laws of Parliament, page 109, sustaining the
same thing:
c- Firot—that in bills of aid and supply, as tho Lord^ can-
not begin them, so they cannot make any alterations, either
as to the quantum of the rate, or the disposition of it, or,
indocd; any amendment whatever, except in correcting
veibal or literal mistakes.
Where tho bill, with amendments made by the Lords,
appear to be of a nature which, though not immediately,
yet, in iheir consequences, will bring a charge upon the
people, the Commons lmve denied the right of the Lords to
make t,uch amendments, and the Lords have acquiesced.
"The Commons aie not only treasurers to the nation,
but al«> possess the initiative of any bill imposing a tax,
lor whatever purpose/' * +
"•So tenacious have the Commons been of this money
privilege, tiiat they have frequently rejected bills, contain-
ing money clauses, solely on the groundof thctf nothaving
originated with themselves.   ,
■•'Oil the 24th July, 1661, the Lords sent down a bill for
paving the streets and highways of Westminster, to which
they defuic theconcuiiencc ot the Commons,' As soon as
the bill is read the first time, 'the House observing that said
j bill wa^ to alter the couisc of the law in part, and to lay a
1 charge upon the people ; and conceiving that it is a privi-
lege "inherent to this House, that bills ot that nature ought
to be first considered here,' the bill is laid aside, and it is
! oidcrcd ' that the Lords be acquainted therewith, and with
I the reasons inducing the House thereto; and the Lords are
i to be desired, for that cau?e, not to suffer any mention of
the said bii! to lomain on the journals of their House ; and
that the Commons, approving the purport of the bill, have
otdercd in a bill of the &amc natuio.'
"'On the loth February, 1604, a bill somewhat similar
wa« laid a^id^ on the same grounds."
3 could read more authorities on this point, but
will not take up the time of the House by doing
so. Such, Mr. Clerk, is the history of tlie pro-
ceedings of the two Houses of Congress on the
Post Ofrice bill to which the Senate attached their
amendment increasing the rates ofpostagc. Such
arc the authorities and decisions on which we re-
lied to sustain the action of the majority of the
Hou&c in relation to it. And had the gentleman
