3188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
1846 until wo have more revenue than we require,
and then to reduce it by deliberate examination
as to how we can scale the duties down for the
great mass of the consumers. So far as any dis-
crimination is made, let it be not for the benefit
of any home product, out to impose the burdens
of Government more upon property and less upon
consumption.
Mr. HUNTER. I certainly do not wish to
enter into the merits of the tariffs, or the compar-
ative merits of the two tariffs of 1846 and 1857;
nor am I aware that the latter was passed by cor-
ruption. I have seen no evidence that satisfied
me of that fact. It passed by very large ma-
jorities. I believe no measure of the sort ever
passed with the assent of so many of both parties
as that measure did. Nor do I believe the tariff
of 1846 is a more Democratic measure than the
tariff of 1857. It is true, it added somewhat to the
free list; but the large proportion of the free ar-
ticles in the tariff of 1857 were introduced into the
tariff of 1846. As well as I remember, something
like five sixths of the free articles were made free
under the tariff of 1846, and most of those which
are objectionable, that are in the free list, were to
be found in that tariff. I think the tariff of 1857
added very little to the free list, except in those
articles for which the manufacturers made the sole
demand. I do not see how anybody is injured
by making that free for which the manufacturer
make the sole demand. If they do not manufac-
ture, the articles do not come in, and you do not
get any revenue from them; and if the demand is
only created by the wants of rmmufacturers for
raw material and dye-stuffs, 1 do not see how
revenue is diminished or anybody injured by lot-
ting them in. It only makes the manufactured
articles cheaper. It only makes them reduce the
price of the foreign article by competition. That
is all that I see in it.
But how is it on the other hand ? On the great
items of consumption, on the necessary articles,
such us sugar, iron, and cloths,and things of that
kind, the reduction made by the tariff of 1857 on
that of 1846 is very large; and are we,for the pur-
pose of getting revenue to reintroduce the tariff
of 1846? What would bo the effect? Are we, for
the purpose of getting revenue from a list of free
articles, which, according to the estimate of the
Secretary of the Treasury would have given only
uader the tariff of 1846, I think in the first year,
1857-58, about a million and a half of dollars—
V are we, in order to get that, if indeed we should get
it, for the most of those articles, as 1 said before,
are demanded only by manufacturers for the pur-
pose of manufacturing—arc we, in order to get that,
to raise the tariff on these other articles one fourth
more than it now is, to raise the duty six per
cent, on twenty-four, to change it from twenty-
four to thirty percent? Brandies and wines I be-
lieve would come in still higher under the tariff
of 1846. Indeed, it would be found when you
came to try it, that what was a revenue tariff in
1846, is now so highly protective as to amount
to almost a prohibition of many of the articles on
which it once collected revenue. Such, at least,
I believe would be the case, and I rather incline
to the opinion that if wo were to substitute that
tariff for this, it would not give as much revenue
as this.
I am not satisfied, as I said before, that this will
not give revenue enough. We know that the
f>roceeds are increasing annually, and increasing
argely. From, say $50,000,000 last year, it goes
up to |54,000,000 this, with a prospect of a large
increase next. I had a statement the other day
from the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury,
who assured me that it would not be unfair to
estimate the exports of this year at something like
four hundred million dollars. With such exports
as these, if the imports correspond, the receipts
from this tariff would soon run up to sixty and
more million dollars. I, for one, am for trying
the experiment. I do not believe we have been
Injured by any curtailment in our expenditures
which it has enforced. On the contrary, I think
its operations have been salutary in that respect,
and 1 think it is a matter for congratulation,now
that we find that the estimates of innual appro-
priations (according: to a statement of the clerk of
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives, who is an experienced and
accurate man,) and the annual actual expendi-
tures correspond so nearly; and that shows that
we at least have time from now until December,
and jf Senators wish then to substitute another
tariff, they ccrtninly will have more time to con-
sider it. They will be better able to do it, and
under influences which look only to the good of
the country and which will not be so much dis-
turbed by political considerations as now—a mat-
ter which I think was very well enforced by the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I supported
the tariff of 1857, and with very great pleasure;
and I think it is, in principle, the best tariff act we
have had within forty years. 1 think the charge
that it was passed by corruption cannot be sus-
tained. I have seen it charged in the newspapers
that in Massachusetts there was some money
paid for free wool; and that is the whole extent
to which I have seen any allegation made; but
my recollection is that it passed the House of
Representatives by a majority of about seventy
votes, and in this body received every vote but
eight If it was passed by corruption, then there
must have been a pretty wholesale buying in both
Houses. ' The majorities were so large that if
persons expended any money, even to get partic-
ular articles free, I think it was very uselessly
spent. That the judgment of this body was in
favor of that tariff is very clear from the una-
nimity of the Senate, unless there was some lu-
bricating of this body, which, 1 suppose, is hardly
to be supposed to a sufficient extent to pass it;
nor did 1 ever hoar of the imputation before the
Senator from Mississippi made it; nor did I ever
hearany such charge before, except that the Law-
rences, I believe, spent seventy or eighty thou-
sand dollars to gel wool free that was under thirty
cents a pound. That is the only chaigc I ever
heard in connection with it. Whether that is so,
or not, I do not know; very likely it is; for it
seems that in certain quartets they sometimes
very unnecessarily spend money to get measures
through, even when legislators arc for theni.
I agree with the principles of the tariff act of
1857. Its free list is true free trade, sound free
trade, as acknowledged by the very best and most
distinguished free-traders m the world. The free-
trade party of England have followed upon the
plan. Great Britain has taken off the duties from
raw materials, and everything entering into her
manufactures. I think that it is true wisdom and
true free trade; and I am ready to vote for it now
and always. 1 believe it ia the true mode of pro-
moting the industry of the country, and that no
wise tariff can ho passed which will put a burden
on raw materials. That certainly would do more
to repress the labor and industry of this country
than any other system. Qn aceountof this course
of England we find that in the last thirty years
she has trebled her cotton manufactures. Eng-
land took off the duty, I think, in 1830, under
Eail Grey's administration; probably it had been
five eighths of a penny a pound. She took it off
on her account, not on ours. What has been the
result? Her cotton manufactures have trebled.
Recently, the Emperor of France has taken the
duty off cotton and other articles for the Same
purpose, not to benefit, us. England did not do it
to benefit the slave drivers; France does not do it
to benefitthe slave owners; but they do it for their
own account on this great principle of free trade.
It is to give their manufacturers the materials
which enter into manufacturing free of duty. I
am willing to act upon that principle here any
day.
1 like the tariff of 1857 for another reason.
Many of the very articles that come in under its
free list arc articles of general consumption by the
people. I like it for that. The tendency of all
taxes on consumption is to put burdens upon la-
bor; upon the poor. That would be the effect of
a tax upon tea,or upon coffee, or an excise upon
beer. It taxes the poor disproportionately to the
rich; and therefore that tariff is the best one
which, after legitimately giving manufacturers
the benefit of free trade upon articles which enter
into their consumption, puts the most of its bur-
dens upon property; the great object of all Gov-
ernments being to protect property, ninety-nine
hundredths of its expenses being to protect prop-
erty, for life and liberty generally protect them-
selves; at least a very small portion of the ex-
penses of any Government is ever devoted to
these two objects; whereas the vast ramifications
of Government, its legislative, its judicial depart-
ments, ninety-five per cent, of its whole expenses,
are for the protection of property; and under a
system of levying duties upon consumption, the
burdens of taxation are transferred from the backs
of the rich to the backs of the poor. The larger
the free list of articles of general consumption, the
better with me.
Hence, as the tariff of 1857 carried out these
two principles to a greater extent than any pre-
vious measure, I heartily favored it. I agree with
my honorable friend from Mississippi, that the
true basis of taxation is on property; and the rea-
son why it has been departed from is, that in des-
potic Governments, and, indeed, in all Govern-
ments, the financial question is the great question.
It is the all in all. Whatever may be its form,
the financial question lies at the bottom of every-
thing. It is much easier to get revenue by indi-
rection—to levy money out of people's pockets
when they do not know it; they are much more
quiet under it, much more peaceable under it; they
grumble less under it. It has Ken the invention
of governors to govern the people softly and easily.
That is the whole truth about it; and then it is
used indirectly to benefit property in other re-
spects. The effect of that system has been,in the
main, to throw upon the masses the burdens of
government to a great extent in all European
countries, and to a great extent here, except in
our States, where we have direct taxation. There
we have honorable governments, with some very
notable exceptions; there taxes are low, because
they fall directly on property; and property is
powerful enough and strong enough to protect
itself, especially when it knows what is being
levied upon it. That is the difference between the
States and the Federal Government. The taxation
in my State, I think, is about five tenths of a mill
on the hundred dollars—the entire public taxation.
It is so small that it is hardly fell. If you were
to raise it to a mill tax to-day, it would affect the
people of Georgia more—and I dare say the same
is true of Massachusetts—it would create more
dissatisfaction than forty per cent, tax by indirect
taxation. That is the reason this scheme is re-
sorted to. It is the scheme of the enemies of the
people, in whatever form they show themselves,
to plunder them without their knowing it.
Therefore, inasmuch as this tariff has these two
principles in it, I am for it. I like it for another
reason. By it the bulk of the revenue is raised
on articles that are consumed by the wealthy. I
have always held it to be a sound principle as to
the mode of levying duties, that I would put spe-
cific duties on some articles. The rigid, hard,
immovable rule of levying everything ad valorem
is shown to be wrong by the history of the rev-
enue systems of all countries. It is a dogma that
has been adopted here, and I think wrongfully
adopted. It was necessary to apply the ad va-
lorem system to a great many articles, and it was
necessary to the attainment of justice in some
articles; but wherever you can obtain justice in
the different classes of commodities by making
the duty specific, I deem it unquestionably the
best, both for the consumer and for the revenue,
as well as for the home producer; and, therefore,
I say I would make such a change if it could be
wisely done. I would not, however, raise the
public burden at all. I would act on a different
principle. When I voted for the present tariff,
I believed it would bring in $50,000,000 of reve-
nue. I am unwilling to raise the taxes until, at
least, I have exhausted every mode, by appeals
to the people and otherwise, to keep down the
expenditures to what they ought to he. I will not
allow legislation to be passed which I wholly dis-
approve of, increasing pay, increasing salaries,
expending twice as much money as you want,
and then say, "it is a public necessity to increase
the taxes." I do not call that a public necessity.
But if I had the adjustment of this tariff with
reference to other things, there is a very large
number of the present twenty-four per cent, du-
ties that I would make specific upon the average
value of the articles for the last eight or ten
years.
. These have been my opinions since I entered
public life. The tariff question has lost its po-
litical significance, especially with me, from my
present political or party relations; but my opin-
