1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1301
single article of prqgcrty belongs to the States, the
legal title vesting in the Federal Government; and
that the lands and the money, and every other sin-
gle article of property of value arc held by the
Federal Government as a trustee, the States being
the cestui que trusts. That being the case, they
must be administered forthe common defense and
general welfare,and cannot be distributed among
the people as individuals.
I take it that I have established the proposition
that there is no such political community as the
people of the United States; that these States,
having confederated together and agreed to exer-
cise some of their sovereign powers conjointly,
through the Federal Government, and the Federal
Government having the right to hold the legal
title to the lands anil the money, the Federal
Government can distribute the money as easily
and as constitutionally as it can the lands. This
being the case, I do not understand how it is that
my friend from Tennessee can discuss this ques-
tion except as a party question; because I under-
stand that all Democrats believe what I believe.
That is my understanding. I think I am one of
the straitest, of the sect.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permission
of the Senator from Texas, I wish to ask him a
question.
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
him Vhether there is any principle involved in
the homestead measure that has not been recog-
nized by laws passed in every Administration
from the days of "Washington down to the pres-
ent time ?
Mr. WIGFALL. I will answer as far as 1
know. The fact is, that I do not know, and it
would not make a particle of difference to me if I
did. There is nothing from the days of General
Washington down to the present time that can-
not be sanctioned by precedent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I was pro-
ceeding on the idea that the gentleman's proposi-
tion was a legal one, and that precedent would
have its due influence with him; and I simply re-
ferred to the precedents of this Government from
General Washington down to the present time;
and I thought perhaps they would be entitled to
some consideration from the gentleman.
'Mr. WIGFALL. Whether I have a legal judg-
ment, or not, is a question that my clients have
generally decided upon, and I think it would not
be due to delicacy for me to say whether I knew
much law or not; but I understand that political
questions and legal questions are very diffeient;
that whilst you can quote upon courts their own
decisions, and insist that they shall regard them,
though courts very frequently do not, the powers
of this Government depend upon the compact
between the different States m the organization
of the Government, and I have not yet seen any-
body except an old and dyed-in-the-wool Whig,
who ever talked much about precedents. Did
not General Washington recommend a university?
Is there one of the fathers who did not recommend
something that no Democrat would touch with a
forty foot pole? I do not except Mr. Jefferson
himself. During his administration was not there
an appropriation of the proceeds of the public
lands for internal improvements ? Why, sir, we
have reached a queer point of progress if this
Democratic party is to be held down to prece-
dents. I take it that we have reachcd a point in
which it is necessary to have a new understand-
ing of the bargain.
Toryism has had its day. The humbuggery
of the sacredness of the Union has had its day.
I do not believe" Sir Robert Filmer would ever
have been an anti-Mason or a Free-soiler. Ho
was a conservative man, and a gentleman; well
born and well bred. Sir Robert Filmer is dead,
and his doctrine with him. The Declaration of
Independence lives as far as it has a meaning;
further than that, we need not own it. It says
that every people have a right to establish their
own governments; they have a right to live under
such institutions precisely as suits them; and if
the people of these different States desire to-mor-
row a monarchy, I say they have a right to have
it; but this Federal Government has no right to
establish one over them; and if any one of the
States were to demand the interposition of the
other States through the Federal Government to
secure to them a republican form of government,
these States arc obliged to each other to do it.
But the right of self-government is one that is in-
alienable, and the only one that is. Individuals
have no inalienable rights. It is a fallacy that
had its origin within the last century, when Mor-
monism and Millerism, and frec-loveism, and
disorganism of every kind had its origin. Every
people have a right to live under such a form of
government as they see fit, and when a people
choose to change their institutions they have a
right to do it.
As to this thing of precedents, I am surprised
that any one who calls himself a Democrat should
talk to me about precedents. If precedents are to
govern, then a tariff for protection is constitu-
tional; then a bank of the United States is con-
stitutional; then internal improvements are con-
stitutional; then any thing that has ever been
done is constitutional; and if that is the doctrine,
I shall introduce a resolution here proposing, by
the authority of the Congress of the United Slates,
to declare that the Commentaries of Joseph Story
be, and are hereby, the laws of the United States
until wo have time to make better ones, as they
said in Connecticut, I believe, when they adopted
the laws of God. 1 am shocked that a man pre-
tending to be a Democrat tafks in that way. De-
mocracy in this country means one thing, and in
Europe it means another and quite a different
thing. Democracy in this country does not mean
wearing a dirty shirt; it does not mean being un-
washed and uncombed. I never saw a Demo-
crat m this country who denied that a man had a
right to associate with anybody he pleased. I
never saw a Democrat here who denied that every
man's house was his castle. I never sawa Whig
who would have abolished the writ of habeas cor-
pus ov the right of trial by jury. We did not
differ from the Whigs upon questions of social
equality. It has been simply upon the ques'tion
of the construction of the Federal Constitution.
The Whigs adopted the doctrines of General
Hamilton,"Mr. Story, Mr. Clay, mid Mr. Web-
ster. The Democrats have adopted the doctrines
of Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Calhoun, the great
expounders, I think, and the only two great ex-
pounders—Calhoun the commentary, and the
commentary better than the text. That is the
difference between the parties. The Democrats
have adopted the Kentucky and Virginia resolu-
tions as construed by the Virginia report, that
this is a Federal Government, and that in the last
resort each State has the right to judge for itself
of the infraction of the compact and the mode and
measure of redress. Beyond that, I do not un-
derstand Democracy to go.
This matter of constituting this Government a
sort of hospital for the indigent, the lame, the
blind, is a thing that never entered into the con-
templation of its framers. The States that estab-
lished this Government established—what? Mr.
Jefferson gave it its proper nomenclature. He
called it the foreign department. These States
confederated together, because neither one of the
States was strong enough to defend itself against
foreign aggression. They established this Gov-
ernment so that they might unite their forces to
resist foreign aggression; and as to all domestic
matters, they left each State to judge for itself.
That is the history of the matter, and it is the
philosophy of it; and if we had attempted any-
thing else it would have been a failure; and it is
because I believe that this Government is the best
that could have been devised by the ingenuity of
man, tliatlamaUnion mail. But when I say that I
am a Union man, 1 do not mean that lam aconsoli-
dationist; I do notmean that my happiness depends
on our being united to New England. The fact is,
that New England has been rather a nuisance.
[Laughter.] We have formed a partnership, and
we have found a very uncomfortable partner. The
snakes led a porcupine once into their place—-not
meaning to say that we are the snakes, or New
England the porcupine—but when the porcupine
got in she told the snakes to leave if they wanted
to do so; she was very comfoitable. [Laughter.]
This Government, as far as New England has
been concerned, has been a cow, as some one has
said, in homely phrase, with its mouth to the
South. We have been feeding the beast, and
New England has been milking it; and that is our
political history since the Union was formed. 1
would not have complained about that, because 1
am charitable, and I like to feed those who are
hungry. Providence did not provide well for these
people; but they have waxed fat, and are kicking
at their feeder; that is the difficulty. [Laughr
tor.] Providence macadamized that country at
first, putting the stone on top and«$he soil at the
bottom. Tlicy found that it would cost too mucl>
to dig it up in order to plant it.- Hence it was,,
that by Federal legislation, calling it national,
they have been able, without work, to get rich,
whilst we have been getting poor.
It is all twaddle and nonsense to talk about
fighting and bloodshed in the event of the disso-
lution of the Union. What would be the effect of
a dissolution of the Union? Their spindles would
cease to turn; their looms would cease to move.
Their ships would bo lai d up to rot in their wharves
when the navigation laws were repealed. Their
operatives and their sailors, turned out to starve,
to steal, or to bum, would turn upon them; and
when they gathered together irt the town of Bos-
ton, to say what should be done for their starving
families, the Senator from New York who talks
about the " irrepressible conflict," and the other
Senator, who seems very happy and contented—
the Senator from New Hampshire, who has done
all this wrong, and who is passing round now to
see what is going on—would have their heads
taken off close to their shoulders; they would be
stuck on poles and carried around; and some Dem-
ocrat would mount on a box and say to the people,
" I told you so; I told you that this irrepressible
conflict was going to produce a dissolution of the
Union, and that thisUnio* was a blessing to you."
Every Democrat in tlic North would stand by us.
I believe it, as I believe there is a God ih Heaven.
No, sir, there is nothing for these men to .under-
stand, for they dare not; they arc not going to coin
their hearts, and drop their blood for drachmas;
not they; there is nothing for them to understand
but that the South is united; there is nothing for
them to understand but that what the Democrats
have told the northern people is true—that there
is a possibility of a dissolution of the Union—to
make them turn pale at the prospect
Sir, that is the truth, and they know it. They
dare not dissolve this Union. Their people would
starve if they did. They know it. But they arc
going on blindly, supposing that, as one of the
Senators from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] said,
this was a farce that we were playing. Farce !
I tell yovi the day is past when farces are played.
The players have reached that point when it has
got to be farce or tragedy. I rise here not to make
any throats; and the clock indicates to me. that I
have spoken at least an hour and a half longer
than I intended; but, as I am up, I believe I will
continue; for I may just as well tell the whole
story, and J am as much in the humor as I ever
shall be again. [" Go on!"] These people of the
North have been misled, and those who have mis-
led them do not^believe that we are in earnest. I
should be recreant to my duty if I were not to
stand here and say that 1 donotbclieve, upon my
conscience and upon my heart, that a Black Re-
publican cancverbemanguratedPresidcntof these
United States. Now cut your leashes; turn loose
your terriers, and take in your rat-killers; and if
we do not go into Boston, into winter quarters,
before you ever get into Texas, you may shoot
me.
I should like to know how you ai'e going to
conquer the South. You conquer the South!
Why, sir, I look around me and I sec only one
man on the other side of the Chamber, and that is
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Ptjcn,] who hus ever
seen the flashing of a gun. I do not like to speak
of gentlemen in their presence, but there is n man,
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] who
has given a name to one of the arms that is used
in our Army—the Mississippi rifle. There sits
before me the man, [pointing to Mr. LaneJ—he
hangs his head, but not for shame. I thank
God, I see around me everywhere here, such men.
There is the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hemp-
hill;] he and I ate bard bread and salt pork in
Florida; wo wore together fighting the Seminoles
the day the battle of independence was fought in
Texas. I look on this side, and I see every whore
men who have seen service, and who understand
it; on that side I see none.
You going to conquer us! Blood is a very com-
mon fluid. It is worth vjjry little. A man is
killed; it docs not amount to much; it is really a
matter of small consequence to him, to his family,
