1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S189
ions, so far from having been changed, have been
strengthened by the observation of fifteen years
in the public service. Now, I have nothing "to do
but to serve the people; I am paid by the year;
and if gentlemen wish to go into this question, I
am indifferent about it. I do not think you arc
going to do it. I think this thing is knocked about
.among you with reference to your elections some-
where; and I have no respect for that on either
side.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from Georgia, as I
understood him, said ho had heard to-day, for the
first time, that the tariff of ,1857 had been passed
by corruption. If I gave him the information, lie
is very much behind the reading world. The pa-
pers have been filled with it; amounts have been
stated, and very large amounts. The defalcation
of a custodian of the money of a corporation or
of a firm attracted notice 
Mr. TOOMBS. I said that I had heard there
was money spent to procure free wool.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the distinction of the
Senator. He docs not say that there was no money
spent, but that the money was not effective.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say no such thing procured
the passage of the bill. I do not think it could
have applied to three people in Congress.
Mr. DAVIS. Thatgoes into the region of spec-
ulation, where I should be perfectly lost. How
far this large sum of money affected anybody's
vote who would not have voted for the bill with-
out it, I do not know; but he was a very indis-
creet agent who paid money to a* man to vote a
particular way when he intended to vote that way
without the money. That is all I can say. It is
a thing of which 1 have no particular knowledge.
In ajl the argument which goes for free trade,
I sympathize; butthe free trade which is presented
by persons particularly acquainted with all finan-
cial questions, like my friends from Virginia and
Georgia, of the Committee on Finance, is not the
free trade of which I have been an advocate. It
is free trade in dyes, so that the manufacturer
may be relieved, and finally it grows to be free
trade in everything which is required for the in-
dustry of the country; but where is the wood-
man's ax; where is the farmer's plow,and where
his scythe? These pay a duty still, and the cry
is constantly for a higher tax on them. It is,
then, merely to the dye-stuffs, that enter into the
manufacture of cloths and calicoes, that this free
trade extends. The salt and the iron, the two ab-
solute necessaries of life, are still to bear their
buidens. My friend from Virginia says it is to
reduce the price of the manufacture of the article.
How? His colleague from Georgia answers it—
answers it without intending to do so—when he
points to the fact that Great Britain is struggling
for the markets of the world; enlarging her man-
ufactures; taking off duties wherever it will in-
crease her manufactures, and that it is the price
of the British article with which we are to com-
pete. They regulate our standard; and when you
take the duty off the dye-stuff, you merely in-
crease the [ii ofits of htm who manufactures in this
country to sell to our own people. Gicat Britain,
with all hermanufactunng and commercial power,
is struggling for the possession of our maiket, and
she sends the goods here at the price at which she
can afford to sell them. They are then charged
with a duty, which duty is imposed for the ben-
efit of the manufacturer of the same character of
goods here, in many cases, and then the manufac-
turer here gets the price of the English aiticle
with the duty added, and his profit on it. That
profit will be greater or less m proportion as he
pays duty on the raw material or not.
But there is another phase in this free trade of
my fiiend from Georgia, that of specific duties.
I_cannot apply his theoiy of relieving consump-
tion, of imposing taxation upon property, and m
that I agree with the idea of specific duties. If
property is to bear the burdens of Government,
then you most equitably reach it by a duty of
impost when you adopt the ad valorem principle.
It is wealth which buys the high-priced article,
and poverty which buys the poorer. Then when
the tax is in proportion to the value of the article,
wealth pays its pi oportionate share for the sup-
port of the Government in return for the protec-
tion which property receives. It is .the only
mode, in my opinion, through which you can
vary the burden so as at all to assimilate to the
amount of property which receives protection, if
you collect your duties through an indirect sys-
tem. Direct taxation, we all know, would reach
property immediately. Persons would render
personal service for the protection they received,
and property would support the Government. I
am speaking now, however, of a system of rev-
enue which is collected from the imports of the
country. A specific duty, laying the same tax
upon an article worth twenty dollars as upon an
article worth two, operates to relieve property of
its fair proportion of burdens, and to transfer the
burdens so taken off property to the consumers,
the laborers. That is the effect of it; and it is,
therefore, that I have always vindicated ad valorem
duties, and ad valorem duties spread out upon
everything imported. If consumption be the basis
on which you are to lay the tax, then everything
which is consumed should be taxed; and least of
all is it fair to exempt from taxation those things
not produced in our country; and those goods
not produced in our country, and those alone,
would put every dollar which was taken from the
pockets of the people into the Treasury of the
United States. A tax laid on any other character
of commodity is a portion of it paid into the pock-
ets of the individual who manufactures or pro-
duces it, and a portion of it only into the Treasury
of the United States. We all know what the
English system has been. It has advanced to-
waids free trade; but the English circumstances
and our own are very different; and when we
apply their principle, we cannot do it by follow-
ing step by step in their path.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Mississippi to the facts con-
nected with this bill when he speaks of the injuri-
ous effect of specific duties, and to illustrate the
general principle by a single article taken from
this bill. I will take the instance of the duties
upon cotton goods.
Mr. DAVIS. To which bill docs the Senator
call my attention ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I speak of the one on the
reconsideration of the postponement of which we
are about to vote, and one which, if that vote be
reconsidered, I hope will be before the Senate and
be passed. TheSenator says he wishes a strictly
ad valorem duty placed upon all goods, in order
that the masses of men may pay less and the
wealthy pay more. .Now, take the duties on cot-
ton sheetings. Common brown goods that weigh
over five ounces to the square yard are taxed in
this bill one cent per square yard. They arc
of universal consumption for personal wear and
lidding all over the counti y. There is more con-
sumption of them than of any other article of cot-
ton goods. They vary in price from eight and
a half to twelve cents a square yard. The dnll-
ings that people wear for pantaloon stuffs, cost
about nine cents the lineal yard, being about three
quarters of a yard wide. Another finer fabric,
worth about eight cents, having a great deal less
stock in it, but moie labor, counting a certain
number of threads, is charged two ccnts a square
yard, although the market price of it is not as
much as of the coarse article that only pays one
cent. By the Senator's universal rule of ad valo-
7'eins, there would be two and a half cents a yard
on these coarse sheetings by the tariff he is com-
mending so much, and about two and a quarter
cmts, perhaps, on the article I am now speaking
of. Then, when yoiucome up to the article with
two hundred threads to the square inch, which
furnishes the wear for the Senator from Missis-
sippi and myself, the value of it m the market is
about thirteen cents, and it is charged in this bill
three cents a square yard.
I have instanced these three qualities of cotton
goods that arc extensively imported. There was
neaily thirty million dollars' worth of these arti-
cles imported last year. On the coarse goods of
universal wear, the specific duty imposed by this
bill, being a cent per square yard, is not over ten
per cent.; and the duty on the next grade is about
twenty-two per cent.; and on the highest grade,
which is worn by the wealthy, twenty-five per
cent., by these changes in the rates. The medium
rates of fine goods, being of so little stock, are
light, and the actual cost is as much as of the
coarse goods in the market, and they do not bring
as much; and hence, under the ad valorem system,
they pay less, instead of more, as they ought to
do. With an ad valorem rate, you would make the
coarse goods pay from two and a half to three
cents a yard, whereas, under this bill, they pay
but one cent; and there is no other way to reach
it but to fix different rates of duty; and no tariff
that I ever heard of before discriminated as this
does.
i come next to woolen goods. I allude to this
for the purpose of counteracting the impression
that has gone abroad by a statement of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, that this bill
which came to us from the House of Represent-
atives discriminated against the masses of men
and in favor of the wealthy, whereas its whole
purpose and end and scope are to put the lowest
possible duties on the goods worn by the masses
of men in every particular. Everybody knows
that cottons and woolens form the great bulk of
the clothing of the whole people of this country.
Though there is a large amount of silks worn, the
great mass of the clothing of the country is made
from cotton and wool Under this bill, upon
woolen goods costing less than twenty-five cents
a square yard, there is a duty of fifteen per cent.;
and when they come up to seventy-five cents,
there is a duty of twenty per cent., and a specific
rate by the pound to cover the duty levied on the
raw wool; and when they go above one dollar a
square yard, there is twenty-five per cent. duty.
They call these minimums. These prices are
merely put on as steps covering the kinds of goods
that are worn by the common mass of men, and
invariably the coarser kinds are taxed with the
least per cent. That indicates a purpose, and it
will produce the effect of putting the burden of
this imposition upon the wealth of the country,
those who wear fine goods in both classes; and
so it is with silks. About one half the rate of
duty is put on the common silks, which are worn
by the masses so far as they wear them at all,
and the duty is nearly doubled on the finer silks.
So it is with liquors. Everything is predicated
upon that basis. I know of no other way. Mr.
Guthrie, in his report, said that experience under
the schedules of the tariff of 1846, where there
were lower rates for d ifferent articles of the same
description, showed that the importers changed
the names, and contrived,by frauaand deception,
to get articles in under the low schedule which
ought to have paid a higher rate of duty. Where
you fixed your schedules to allow goods to come
in at a low rate for the benefit of the masses, they
contrived to bring in goods intended for the
wealthy under the low schedules; and you can-
not avoid this under the ad valorem system; but
if you put on specific duties, you prevent it en-
tirely.
Great objection is made to the details of this
bill; and it is said the officers will have to use
microscopes in oider to count the threads in 8
square inch. Why, sir, the goods have been sold
for forty years by the trade in that way, and so
advertised in every newspaper. Orders go outto
England in that way. The English priccs cur-
rent invariably give the price per piece according
to the number of threads in a square inch. They
sell their cotton goods now by the piece, not by
the yard; they sell on a larger scale than we do.
My colleague has just handed me a quotation
from the New York paper of last week, giving
the price of goods according to the number of
threads per inch. It is just as well known among
people who dual in these goods what is indicated
by a certain number of threads as it would be to
give a quotation of sugar by the pound. It is
very easy for people who have not had their at-
tention called to this business, and do nor know
what it means, to think there must be some mys-
tery in saying that there shall be a certain duty
on goods counting a hundred threads to the square
inch. There is no newspaper that you take up,
containing trade quotations, that does not give
you the prices according to this very standard. I
saw in our paper, hist week, an account of the
sales of seventy-seven thousand pieces of printed
cloths of sixty, sixty-four, and fifty-six threads,
giving the price according to each grade. People
order these goods all over the country, and all
over the world,bythis standard. When we were
making the tariff of 1842, I recollect to have seen
the English tanffon lmens, and I was utterly sur-
prised at the nicety of it. They raised the duty
every four threads tf> a square inch. I suggested
to the men whodrcwthis bill that I thought three
grades of cotton goods were enough, taking it
first at a hundred threads to the square inch, then
