1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2245/
to permit anyone of their delegates to be seduced,
by the tender of office, from allegiance to his con-
stituents? We had enough such spectacles; and
that was just the difficulty with the northwestern
States, at least of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mich-
igan, "Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota. They
did not intend to leave it in the power of a single
one of their delegates to swerve from his obe-
dience to their wishes. They did not intend that
any Administration should have it in its power to
seduce them from their integrity. Therefore the
resolutions were passed; but were they the only
people who were instructed? The Senator com-
plains of minorities suppressed. Does he not
know that two .delegates from his own State pro-
tested in writing, on the journal of the conven-
tion, against being- compelled to secede by the act
of the majority? Minorities suppressed, indeed!
Does he not know that there was a minority from
the State of Alabama? Two of them, at least,
have made speeches since that, protesting that
they were compelled, by the action of the major-
ity of the delegation, to a course that they did
not approve.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator permit me? -
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator ought to be advised
of the fact that those delegates accepted that trust
under a solemn injunction that they would with-
draw, if the principles enunciated in the platform
adopted by the convention at Montgomery were
not recognized by the action of the majority at
Charleston; and hence those men—if they had
been faithful to their trust—unless tliey had dis-
obeyed their positive instructions; unless they
had falsified their solemn obligations in accepting
the trust; unless they had misrepresented the
State, couid not have done otherwise than retire.
Then, why does he mention that they protested
against retiring?
Mr. PUGH. I did not say that in Alabama
they protested, but in Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. So far as Louisiana is con-
cerned, if the Senator from Ohio will permit me,
I will say that the two delegates fiom Louisiana
who did not agree with the,others in relation to
seceding, since they have gone homo have told
the people who sent them, that it was not because
they did not approve of the action of the remain-
der of the delegation, but they thought it would
have been more expedient to wait a little and see
if they could not get others to join with them.
They thought the time badly chosen.
Mr. RICE. The Senator from Ohio mentioned
Minnesota. I did not hear the words that housed
in connection with the name of my State.
Mr. PUGH. I said that Minnesota instructed
her delegation to vote for Stephen A. Douglas.
Mr. RICE. I wish to say that Minnesota did
not instruct her delegation to vote for Judge Doug-
las; and when a resolution was introduced, in-
structing them to vote for Stephen A. Douglas,
the State convention voted it down by neaily two
to one.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will pardon me.
All I know was that they had a little controversy
in the delegation down there at Charleston, and
that the resolution was read, and none of them
disputed it.
Mr. RICE. I know positively that they voted
the resolution down in the State convention.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will pardon me. I
stated the source of my information. He must
controvert that.
Mr. RICE. I care nothing about the informa-
tion: I state the facts from the record. I merely
wish to set my friend from Ohio, for whom I have
the highest regard, right on that one point.
Mr. PUGH. I understand. Of course the Sen-
ator does not mean to bring me into personal con-
troversy on it with himself.
Mr. RICE. Certainly not.
Mr. PUGH. I have stated all the information
I had: that it was so stated in the convention by
the delegates from Minnesota. If it is not true, the
Senator can settle it with them. Now, lam com-
ing to Louisiana.
Mr. RICE. I will state that, in a resolution,
they did express a preference for Judge Douglas;
but when a resolution was introduced instruct-
ing the delegation to vote for Judge Douglas,
it was voted down. I merely wish to have the
Senator right on the record, as I am his friend,
and I hope ho is mine.
Mr. PUGH. As I stated, the resolution was
read in the Charleston convention, and it was read
again from the chair by General Cushing; and it
contained the word " instruct." That is all I can
say about it.
Mr. RICE. The resolutions were read at
Charleston, and General Cushing decided that,
under those resolutions, the delegation from Min-
nesota were not compelled to vote as a unit, and
they did not vote as a unit.
Mr. PUGH. They did not in some cases, that
is very true, under a particular ruling of the Pres-
ident, which I do not think it necessary now to
comment on, for I do not like to comment'on any
gentleman's sayingswhen he is not here. Now,
as to the State of Louisiana, I do not pretend to
say what any delegate may have said after he
went home; and I shall not certainly say what
any delegate told me, though I had the pleasure
to sit next to the delegation, and had a great
many kind relations with many of them. But, I
say, two of them protested in writing, on the
journal of the convention, against being compelled
to secede, and it was read.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Ohio is
mistaken in point of fact. The delegation from
Louisiana were instructed to vote as a unit on all
questions, and did so vote. They determined to
retire from the convention. They drew up a pro-
test which I do not find in the proceedings of the
Charleston convention, and of which I have not
now a copy, giving their reasons for withdrawing
from the convention. That protest, that decla-
ration's you may term it, was signed by ten
members of the delegation; and two other mem-
bers of the same delegation signed the same paper,
stating that although in the main they accorded
with the other delegates, they thought it would
have been better policy, it would have been more
expedient, to remain longer in the convention,in
the hope that the principles established by the
majority platform would be adopted by the con-
vention ; and that paper was presented to the con-
vention; butby some accident or other it does not
appear in the printed proceedings, and I have not
now a copy of it; but I am not mistaken about
the fact. It was signed then and there in Charles-
ton.
Mr. PUGH. I only know there was such a
paper as I have stated. I said I would not tell
what they told me. They told me that they had
signed such a paper—that is all I will tell—and 1
have seen the paper. I would not pretend to state
from memory now what it was, and it is not ma-
terial. The Senator from Louisiana says Louisi-
ana instructed her delegation to vote as a unit.
There is no complaint of that; but when New
York instructs her delegation to vote as a unit,
his colleague is loud m his complaints. Was
Alabama instructed to vote as a unit?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have not complained that
any State instructed her delegation to vote as a
unit.
Mr. PUGH. Then what is it that the Senator
did complain of?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I complain of nothing but
this'—it is not fairly a complaint—I answered the
statement of the Senator from Illinois that he had
been more vigilant, wherehehad majorities where
he and his friends had got them instructed, and
where he was m a minority, his adversaries had
notbeen diligent in getting those instructions, and
the minorities were allowed to vote for him; so
that where he had minorities in his favor he got
them, and where he had minorities against him he
got them under instructions.
Mr. PUGH. Let us see how that woiks. It
seems his enemies were as astute m Louisiana as
his friends were elsewhere. They were instructed
to vote as a unit. How was it m Georgia? By
a ruling of the president of the convention, ten
delegates from Georgia were disfranchised, and
they stood up there and protested against it in the
face of the convention. They never had a chance
to vote. How was it in South Carolina ? Three
of the delegates would not retire, and did not re-
tire. Did you not instruct in Arkansas? Did you
not instruct in Louisiana? Did not you, as far as
you could, instruct in Georgia—what was after-
wards construed to be an instruction; and did not
you everywhere you could? And because you
could not instruct in places enough, you now com-
plain about it. Everybody understood it. Now,
sir, I am not going to say how many men there
might have been in the New York delegation who
were dissatisfied with the vote of the-majority. I
do not know. I never meddle with other people's
business; and I would never have mentioned these
other facts, if they had not been openly declared
in the face of the convention, and brought-to the
knowledge of the convention. I speak of noth-
ing private, and of no private information, I speak
of Louisiana becausejhe protest of a minority of
her delegates was spread on the journal of the
Charleston convention. I speak of the case of
Georgia because it happened there; and not once
only, but two or three times, was brought to the
knowledge of the convention. I do not know how-
many men there might have been in the New York
delegation who were disposed to vote differently
from the majority: but I know this, in the lan-
guage of my friend from Alabama, they were
elected under that instruction, and it was put there
for the purpose of keeping them from acting ac-
cording to any notion they might take of their
own.
Mr. THOMSON. The Senator has not re-
ferred to the case of New Jersey.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir; and I recollect the cass
of New Jersey.
Mr. THOMSON. I am very glad you do, and
I do, too; and I can say this in reference to the
State of New Jersey: that, though the State con-
vention did not use the word " instruct,they djd
use the word "recommend;" and I can say fur-
ther 
Mr. PUGH. Not the word "recommend."
Mr. THOMSON. Ibegpardop. "Recom-
mend" was the word; and 1 can say further, that
no man could have been elected by the convention
that was held in Trenton that dared to avow him-
self as a friend of Judge Douglas. I say that on
my own responsibility.
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, I will leave the friends
of Judge Douglas in New Jersey to try that ques-
tion with the Senator. I shall not enter into the
internal alfairs of any State. In the case of New
Jersey, she was instructed to vote for William
C. Alexander for Vice President, and her dele-
gates were advised, and possibly recommended.
It was a woid of advice.
Mr. THOMSON. The recommendation was
that, upon all occasions, it is recommended that
the vote of the State of New Jersey should be
given as a unit in the Charleston convention. If
that is voting for Mr. Alexander, I do not know
what it is.
Mr. PUGH. All I can say is, the resolution
was read, and the question was decided at
Charleston.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Ohio will
permit me, I will refer him to the record:
" Mr. Rtifl'city presented the following protect."
Mr. THOMSON. That is it.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then comes the resolution
of the New Jersey convention:
il Resolved, That we recommend to the delegates of this
State in the Ch.ulcston convention to cast, on all occa-
bions that may arise in that convention, a united vote."
Mr. THOMSON. That is it.
Mr. PUGH. "Recommend."
Mr. SLIDELL. And the chairman of the con-
vention decided in accordance with the decision
that had been made in the Georgia case, and I
think in that case they were " advised" 
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; "requested."
Mr. SLIDELL. The chairman of the conven-
tion decided that the words " recommend" and
" request" were equivalent; and that the majority
of the delegation had a right to control the entire
vote, and cast it as a unit. From that decision of
the Chair an appeal was taken. On that appeal
New Jersey was deprived of the privilege that
had been accorded to other States by a majority
of four; but the State of New Jersey did not vote
at all; and if she had been permitted to vote on
that question, and to vote as a unit, the majority
would have been three to sustain the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. PUGH. If these men had been permitted
to vote in their own case, I suppose they would
have decided it in favor of themselves. The rule
of the convention was the old rule of 1852; and it
had been modified to try and bring in those cases,
by a delegato from Alabama, for he avowed the
fact on the floor. The rule was, that wherever
a State had instructed or provided that har dele-
