282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 29,
Detected in a clandestine scheme of attack on the
sanctity of the Constitution and the peace of the
Republic, the member very naturally seeks to
shrink from the shame of exposure, and to hush
the voice of popular indignation. It is a vain
attempt. I can assure him he has not heard the
last of his connection with the Helper conspiracy.
Wc intend to blazon it until the public arc familiar
with the infamy. We intend to repeat the story
until the country resounds with denunciation of
the treason.
Above all, the member from Pennsylvania is ,
indignant at the introduction of the slavery agi- j
tation into this Hall. And this profession comes \
from a party whose only impulse is an instinct j
of sectional animosity; whose only object is the |
abolition of slavery: whose only employment is '
die exasperation of incendiary issues. This, from 1
* Representative who owes his own importance i
less to superior intellect and energy of character j
than to a truculent hatred of the South, its peo- .
pie, and its institutions: this is the party and this >
the person who deprecate the renewal of the sla- !
very agitation. But, there is no blush on the
brazen front of hypocrisy.
Mr. Clerk, the declarations of the member from
Pennsylvania arc of a piece with the uniform policy
of his party, and with the conduct of its repre-
sentatives since the commencement of this strug-
gle. Sir, it is not the policy of the anti-slavery
party to provoke the South beyond endurance.
Their strategy consists of tentative approaches
and gradual exhaustion. They do not intend to
flush the game too soon—to overrun the prey—to
hazard the success of their enterprise through the
indiscreetimpetuosity of its advocates. Consistent
only in the inexorable puisuit of their object, they
are unscrupulous in the employment of means, and
pliable under the pressure, of circumstances. At
times, haughty in their port and direct in their at-
tacks, they are again humble in their accents and
oblique in their operations. It is an especially
noteworthy circumstance, that whenever the South
betrays symptoms of resentment under aggres-
sion, and a perception of their purpose, this anti-
slavery party have recourse to moderate counsels
and protestations of innocent intention. Recent
acts of encroachment and insult, having enraged
the South to the point of armed resistance, the
Black Republican pai ty are quick to i enounce their
violent policy, and to afft ct the most pacific pur-
poses. Witness their call for a national conven-
tion—tin epitome of patriotism, a compendium of
conservative principles! So they assume
" The livery of hoaveu to servo the devil in ! *'
I say, moreover, Mr. Clerk, that the horror of
slavery agitation, affected by the honorable mem-
ber fiom Pennsylvania, is m keeping with the
conduct of his associates of the Black Republican
party since the beginning of this controversy. To
my mind, that conduct has not been sufficiently
remarked upon nnd signalled to the country.
Sir, we are all familiar with tin* principles of the
Black Republican party. That it proposes the
eventual extinction of slavery; that its immediate
objcctis to usurp possession of the Federal Govern-
ment, with the view of employing its power and
patronage for the restriction and disparagement of
slavery; that it disputes the validity of the fugitive
slave law, nullilies its effect, and agitates for its
repeal—that these are the principles and purposes
of the Black Republican party, we had thought
was a fact of historical record and universal noto-
riety. [Nevertheless, what do we see here? Under
the pressure of pertincntandpersistent inquisition,
and in pursuance of the policy I have already dis-
tinguished, the Representatives of the Black Re-
publican party on tins floor, have not hesitated to
affect an air of fidelity to the Constitution and
conservative regaid for the Union. They have an
object to accomplish in the election of Speaker, with
a view to the eventual realization of their ultimate
aim But success is difficult and doubtful in the
present temper of the popular mmd. They have
been pushing their encroachments with too grant
ardor of aggression. _ At last, the South feels the
sting of attack and insult m her bosom; her in-
dignation is aroused, and her encigies collecting
for immediate and effectual resistance. The fla-
graney of recent outrage, moreover, has shocked
the sensibilities of no inconsidei able proportion
of thi
propor:
northern people, and there is danger lest
by the recoil of public sentiment among their own
constituents. I'he exigencies of the occasion de-
mand a new phase in the Protean policy of the
Black Republican party; and a signal change we
witness. The Representatives of that party here,
renounce all their principles, repudiate all their
pladges, disclaim all their objects,disavowal! their
connections, and appear on the stage of public
affairs in a dccent disguise of respectable patriot-
ism. Nay, they oven deny responsibility for their
own sign-manual, and profess to repudiate prin-
ciples in the propagation of which they were con-
spicuously active and energetic. If their recanta-
tions were sincere wc would congratulate them on
their conversion. But who gives them credit for
candor? Their motive is as transparent as their
conduct is detestable. The mailed nand is gloved
for the moment, and we feel the pressure of a fra-
ternal salutation. The beast sheathes his claws,
and we arc fondled with an affectionate and in-
nocuous caress. So when Satan contrived the
depravation and destruction of mankind, he put
off the panoply of his infernal state, and assumed
the mean and lowly shape of the meanest and
lowest reptile. So when John Brown was plotting
murder and treason at Harper'sFerry, he appeared
i in the innocent guise of scientific research:
I " Wlien the devil was sick, the devil a saint would bo;
| When the devil got well, the devil a saint wat he."
j The \ictory won, and these Black Republican
| Representatives—they have given us assurance
i of the fact through the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
I [Mr. Grow]—will reassume their haughty airs,
reaffirm their discarded pledges, and renew the
work of encroachment and agitation. I tell the
gentlemen wc on this side of the House, and our
constituents at home, understand the game in
which they are engaged. I tell them we appre-
ciate, for what they are worth, all their Pecksnif-
fian proprieties and Joseph Surface sentimentali-
ties. We perfectly comprehend how itis and why
it is they put forward the gentleman from Ohio to
represent them as innocent in mlention and inof-
fensive in action; how it is and why it is that—as
lie imputes to them conservative sentiments, de-
nying even that they would invalidate the fugitive
slave law. or molest, the South in any of its rights
—the Black Republican Representatives sit bym
silent acquiescence; albeit, among them is the
member from' New Hampshire, [Mr. Tappan,]
who justifies the assassination of officers engaged
in the recovery of fugitives from labor; and the
memberfrom Indiana, [Mr. Kilgoue,] who main-
tains that a native negro is worthier the rights of
citizenship than a white man of foreign birth; and
the member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bciiun-
gamic.] who is so radical, revolutionary, and rhap-
sodical as to clamor for an " anti-slavery Consti-
tution, an anti-slavery Bible, and an anti-slavery
God."
Mr. KILGORE. "Will the gentleman yield to
me Tor a moment ?
Mr. PRYOIl. I ma)' as well define my posi-
tion here, in respect of interruption.
Mr. KILGORE. Does the gentleman refer to
me5i3 the gentleman from Indiana?
Mr. PRYOR. I did, indeed.
Mr. KILGORE. Then the gentleman is en-
tirely mistaken. He is no doubt misled by a
garbled extract from a speech of piine in the con-
stitutional convention. I know the gentleman
would not intentionally misrepresent, me.
Mr. PPvY'OR. Certainly not.
Mr. KILGORE. By reference to the correct
report of that speech the gentleman will see that
he does me great injustice m making that state-
ment.
Mr. PRYOR. I am glad to hear the iccanta-
tion, or rather the explanation of the honorable
member from Indiana. J, of cour.se, must be
mistaken. The gentleman knows what he said,
although I discover that I do notalways remember
what I have written m my day and generation.
But the fact is, that a well-informed gentleman,
conversant with the honorable gentleman's past
career, did bring me ;i book which showed that the
i gentleman from Indiana did propound the very
doctrine which I have designated. However, the
gentleman now stands corrected. Then he does
not think that the native negro is worthy of the
rights of citizenship ?
Mr. KILGORE. In that very speech to which
the gentleman refeis, I said that I wished it to be
distinctly understood that I was not in favor of
extending the right of suffrage to the -negroes;
but that I would extend it to every foreigner who
was here the required length of time. Permit me
to say to the gentleman that a proposition was
submitted to that convention, to extend, by con-
stitutional provision, the right of suffrage to the
negroes. That proposition was voted for by but
a single man, and he a Democrat.
Mr. PRYOR. 1 am glad to hear it. That, how-
ever, docs not affect the line of my argument at
all; and I repeat, that I desire Representatives on
the other side of the House to be persuaded that
we here, and our constituents at home, perfectly
understand their policy and ultimate purposes.
Mr. ENGLISH. I am unwilling that the re-
mark made by my honorable colleague should go
out without some correction. The gentleman to
whom he refers as being a Democrat "^as not>
according to my estimation, a Democrat, but has
always been recognized in Indiana as an Aboli-
tionist.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask my colleague if that
gentleman was not elected as a Democrat5
Mr. ENGLISH. That is not my recollection.
Mr. KILGORE. That is mine, distinctly.
Mr. ENGLISH. He has always been an Abo-
litionist, and he belongs to the Republican party.
[Cries of44 Name! "] His name is May.
Mr. KILGORE. 1 am informed by my col-
league [Mr. Colfax] that that gentleman was the
regular nominee of a Democratic convention.
Mr. COLFAX. He told me so hiixyself.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask whether that gentle-
man has c\ov been heard of in politics since?
Mr. KILGORE. That makes no difference.
Mr. JN7BLACK. Never, sir.
Mr. PRYOR. These interruptions on imma-
terial points are rather embarrassing: so I will
go on. Let me repeat, however, with emphasis,
to the Representatives on the other side, that we
of the South understand the developments here.
Wo understand their policy. All thisteis obvious
enough. It is the artifice of ambition, working
with the resources of hypocrisy. 1 repeat to the
representatives of the anti-slavery party on this
floor, that the people of the South will not be de-
ceived by this sham demonstration, nor bo dis-
armed at the suggestion of a treacherous friend-
ship. They are resolved to he prepared henceforth
and forever.
But, Mr. Clerk, despite the studied silence and
artful concealment of the Black Republican Rep-
resentatives, wc have an occasional revelation of
their suppressed feeling and hidden purpose. After
all theirelaboratc artifice of disguise, nowand then
we get a distinct glimpse of the " cloven foot.'5 It
is impossible, by any stringency of party drill,
to impose a padlock on the mouth of some among
their numbers.
And here, permit me to make my acknowledg-
ments to the honorable member from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Hickman,] for the speech which he
delivered seveuil days ago. Its doctrines I abom-
inate ; but its candor I must applaud. By contrast
with the truckling and shuffling, the timidity and
time-serving, the prevarication and dissimulation
which have characterized the conduct of the Black
Republican Representatives, the outspoken candor
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is indeed an
admirable exhibition. It is a refreshing spectacle;
it restores one's confidence m the virtue of mankind
—I use the word m its original sense—to hear a
man who has the pluck and the purpose to open
his mouth and speak the thoughts of his mind.
Further I cannot go in compliment of the honor-
able member's speech—I waive all consideration
of its conceded ability—for a speech of more vin-
dictive spirit and untenable doctrine, was never
delivered in the American Congress.
Sir, the honorable member has accomplished
the work from which the great abilities of Edmund
Burke recoiled m impotent endeavor. He has
drawn up an indictment against a "whole peo-
ple;* * an indictment, too, bristling at every point
with counts and criminations. He has exhibited
articles of impeachment against the entire South
He has arraigned the South upon the most hein-
ous accusation. He charged us explicitly and sol-
emnly, on his responsibility as a Representative,
with the violation of all compacts, compromises  and
covenants,' He stigmatizes us as a perfidious race,
as a people of Punic faith, as a community with-
out the fidelity to engagements which constitutes
