2246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
gates should vote as a unit, they should vote so.
The chairman decided, in the case of Georgia,
that the word " request," although it was stated
that the word " instruct" had sometimes been
used, was a provision, and equivalent to an in-
struction. At one time an appeal was taken from
that decision; but the appeal was withdrawn. It
was a wrong decision: it would have been re-
versed; but the Georgia delegates themselves with-
drew it. After the delegation had left the conven-
tion, he carried his decision to that point that he
would not allow the remaining ten members to
cast a single vote. In the case of New Jersey, the
decision was as the Senator from Louisiana says;
and it was right. A State has a right to instruct;
and her instructions bind. A State Legislature
instructs her Senators, and requests her Repre-
sentatives. What is the advice, the recommenda-
tion, the request to her delegates, but to bind them
personally? Instructions aie something else. The
distinction was perfectly well known, and settled
repeatedly in these general conventions. All these
things are after-thoughts.
Now, sir, Mr. Butler's speech is quoted as the
authority upon which the honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] stands li do not know
how good Mr. Butler's authority may be as to
the States of New York and Indiana; but I judge
of them from that which 1 do know. In the same
speech, and in the same place, he says there were
six votes from Ohio that would have gone against
the Senator from Illinois but for tins iule. He
states it as positively as he states all the rest-, that
is, that there were twelve delegates from Ohio;
that there were six votes in Ohio who were only
driven to vote for Judge Douglas by the instruc-
tions which bound them to vote all together; and
if that be untrue, as it is wholly and totally un-
true, 1 do not believe the rest of his statement.
He is no more authority tor the one than the
other.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator allow me to
inteirupt ban ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. B1GLEB-. I will stale, in reference to
one point m this cast-, what*! think is very good
authority, and an authority which I think the
Senator ought to recognize. 1 saw the statement
of Mr. Coming, a member of the New York del-
egation, which he told me he had piepared very
carefully, by which he showed that there were
sixteen votes m the New York delegation that
would not have voted for Mr. Dotolas if they
had been pdeasrd from the institutions to vote as
a unit, but they were contiolled by amajmity.
Air. Butler said fifteen. Mr. Coming's statement
to me, which he said he had eaivfuliy prepared,
made it sixteen.
Mr. PUGH. Be it so. [ have not seen Mr.
Coming's statement, and I do not care anything
about, it. I say Mr. Coming himself could never
have got to the Charleston convention but for that
instruction. The amount of it is, that if men op-
posed to Judge Douglas had been elected m
States in favor of him, he would have been de-
feated. That is the upshot of it. But I say Mr.
Butler's slateinenr, which attracted mv attention
last night in the New York Herald, is, that there
were six votes in Ohio; and 1 call upon lnm,and
1 call upon those who a^iee with him, to name
the men, m order that the delegation irom Ohio
may be relieved Irom the imputation.
Mr. SL1DELL. The Senator Irom Ohio pro-
pounds this question as if he desired an answer.
Mr. Pl'Gll. Yes, sir, i do frankly.
Mr. SUDELL. 1 wibli to state tu him the
authority. Governor Barthy, or Jud<r«' Hartley,
of Ohio, was decidedly opposed to Mr. Dorui.As;
and would have voted against him, had honot been
controlled by mstrucnmis. He told me, 1 do not
know how many votes, but 1 think that at least
three or four, or perhaps six oi ei^ht, delegates
would have joined him if they could have done
so. I gi\e you my authority.
Mr. VUUli. I make my statement to the con-
trary. On the Saturday night before the conven-
tion met, the Ohio delegates were all convened;
the roll was called; every man's name was called,
so that he should vote, first, for or against a mod-
ification of ihe Cincinnati platform; and secondly,
upon the candidate for President; and every dcl-
ey;at-\ when his name was called, voted to stand
by the Cincinnati platform, and to vote for Ste-
i'iiei: A. Douglas. Toward the end of the con-
vention—I may say that in justice to Judge Bart-
ley, because 1 believe the Senator's statement
would do injustice to him- 
Mr. SLIDELL. Judge Bartley was willing to
carry out in good faith those instructions, though
he felt they were not binding on him, from the
manner in which they were made. Judge Bart-
ley yielded, and was disposed to go with the en-
tire delegation, and give the unanimous vote for
a certain number of ballots; but at a very early
period of the controversy he would have changed
his vote, if he had not been controlled by the rule
that was adopted.
Mr. PUGH. I was going to say, in justice to
Mr. Bartley, that he came to me, I believe, before
the last ballot of all—certainly after the affair had
been very wearisome—and talked to me, as a
brother delegate, as to whether it was not advisa-
ble for us now, after so many ballots without
effect, to give the vote of Ohio to some other can-
didate; but as to intimating that Judge Douglas
was not his first choice, it never occurred to me;
and I can only say that he would never have been
chosen if it had been supposed anybody else was
his first choice. I know that congressional dis-
trict well enough to know that he never would
have been elected, if there was any other idea
there; and if he has authorized the statement
which the Senator from Louisiana has made, and
iL gets to the cars of his constituents before he
reaches Baltimore, he will have a particular in-
struction from his congressional district as to what
he shall do. But granting him, where are these
eleven other delegates? I consider it an imputa-
tion on the honor of the gentlemen who compose
that delegation; and I take the liberty of saying
that, knowing them all personally, as I do, and
have known them for years, he is the only mem-
ber of the Ohio delegation who at any time inti-
mated that, in any possible event whatever, he
would give his vote for any other candidate.
That brings me to the next question: what made
the rupture at Charleston ? I intended to have
said this somewhere else. Now, I will say it here.
The only incautious thing, I believe, that the Sen-
ator from Illinois ever did in public, is what is
called the Dorr letter, in which he said that, if cer-
tain things were put into the platform, his name
should not be used. As soon as ail the other can-
didates saw that there was a place to attack him,
they stirred up all this controversy, and joined
with some gentlemen who tune not acted uni-
formly with the Democratic party, and, by reason
of this very difficulty, for years past, to make a
rush on the Charleston convention, and put these
things into the platform, in order to prevent Judge
i)oiif;i\s from being nominated. In my judg-
ment, that was tiie scheme of the Administration
to keep up this controversy m the southern States,
and make a platform that Judge Douglas would
not stand upon. That is my opinion. It was so
at Charleston, and is yet; that that was what it
was all meant for; that, if he had not been a can-
didate before that convention, and with a number
of States having signified their wishes that he
should be nominated, the Cincinnati platform
would have been reaffirmed, without addition and
wuhout controversy. That is only my opinion;
but I wis at the Charleston convention and saw
u all.
But the argument of these gentlemen is that
they hod all the Democratic States. Indeed.
Louisiana is one of the Democratic States, is she ?
| She, having voted for General Taylor in 1843;
i having voted, I believe, more Opposition votes
j than she e\ei voted Democratic votes, stands tip
to call m question the State of Illinois, that never
f*ave any but a Democratic vote. Plow did Lou-
isiana come to 1)0 Democratic'1 You pressed this
slavery question until the local influence of it
brought into the party a large number of men,
very much as some of the old Whigs joined the
party; and the very same combination which en-
abled Air. Buchanan to obtain the vote of Lou-
isiana has just now earned the States of Rhode
Island and Wisconsin for the Democracy; and
Rhode Island and Wisconsin aie just as much
entitled to stand up to-day and call themselves
Democratic States, as either Louisiana, or Geor-
gia, or Florida, or Tennessee, or Kentucky, or
North Carolina, or Delaware
Air. CL AY. The Senator does not pretend to
say that Rhode Island has gone for the Democ-
racy.
Mr. PUGH. I say the Democratic candidate
was elected in the last election there.
Mr. CLAY. 1 deny it, and say the Republican
candidate, who was yet in favor of executing the
fugitive slave law, was elected; but he was a Re-
publican, nominated as a Republican. He was
willing, however, to execute the laws of the Uni-
ted States, but he was no Democrat.
Mr. PUGH. When we take up such a man
as that in the southern States and elect him, he
is a Democrat.
Mr. CLAY. You never saw such a man nom-
inated in the southern States.
Mr. PUGH. Not an old Whig or American?
Air. CLAY. No man who is called a Repub-
lican, who asserts the power of the Federal Gov-
ernment to inhibit slavery ill the Territories—
never.
Mr. PUGH. 1 say that notorious opponents
of the Democratic party, known to be such for
years, were taken up in some of those States and
promoted to office, and it was by their assistance
that you made those States vote for Mr. Buchanan
in 1856. The electoral tickets in those States
were full of men that up to that time had never
cast a Democratic vote; and now when the same
thing happens in Rhode Island, that is not De-
mocracy at all ! How comes Oregon a Demo-
cratic State? She has never voted for President
at all.
Air. LANE. She has oKvays been Demo-
cratic.
Air. PUGH. She gives us one vote in the
other House, and one vote here; and I believe
the gentleman in the other House representing
her.got through by about fifty majority. Oregon,
with not over fifty majority at one election, has
become the high priest of Democracy to preach to
others- 
Air. LANE. Aly friend must allow me to
speak when he brings up Oregon.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. LANE. She is very quiet here. Oregon,
sir, has a right to claim that she is a Democratic
State. She has been Democratic ever since the
Territory was organized. She is Democratic to-
day, and will continue so. At the late election,
when we ran through by so small a majority, I
will say to my good friend that every squatter-
sovereignty man, every one who held that the
people in a Territory could prohibit slavery, who
held that property should not be protected, voted
straight out for the Republican candidate, and we
beat them all united.
Mr. PUGH. By fifty votes.
Mr. LANE. The next time we shall beat them
by five hundred or twenty-five hundred.
Air. PUGH. I will say to my friend from
Oregon that, if the opponents of his particular no-
tions voted with the Republicans m the State of
Oregon, they had first rate precedents for it. They
followed the example of his friends in Illinois and
Ohio—some of the officeholders of the Adminis-
tration.
Air. LANE. I only say what I know, and
that is, that every voter of the Democratic party
who held that property was not equal m the Ter-
ritories, and that slavery had not the right to
protection there as other property, voted straight
out for the nominee of the Repuhcan party; united
with the Republicans to put down the sound, na-
tional, conservative Democracy of that young
State, upon the idea, the heresy, the fundamental
error, that all property was not equal m the com-
mon Territories of our country.
Mr. PUGH. Oregon is so far off that I cannot
undertake to say what principles were at issue in
the last struggle there. I only remarked, that if
any Democrats voted the Republican ticket,as my
friend said, they had first rate precedents for it in
the case of the followers of the Administration in
Illinois and Ohio; and therefore he cannot com-
plain.
How comes Texas to set up her claim to be pe-
culiarly a Democratic State ? The regular organ-
ization of the party was beaten there at the last
election. Sir, it is very easy for these gentlemen
to setup. Who calls North Carolina a Democratic
State? What is her vote in the other House? Sap-
pose your election goes there?
Mr. WIGFALL, Mr. President, I beg the
Senator to repeat 
Mr. PUGH. I thought I would call some of
you to your foet.
