3190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
at. one hundred and forty, and then at two hun-
dred: but if the English wore now to make a tariff
<Sf this kind, they would have twenty different
grades. Their linen tariff has more than twenty
grades or rates of duty, and it has been so for
forty years. Did you ever hear any complaint of
it? Is there any difficulty about dealing with
England for linen goods ? You send your order
out for linen of such a count, and everybody un-
derstands it just as well as if you ordered so
many pounds of sugar. The dealers understand
it. You would not expect a manwho knew noth-
ing about the business to understand it. If you
give an order for a hundred cases of linen accord-
ing to the different counts, they understand it by
the threads just as well as the grades of cotton
are-understood. If 1 send an order to Mississippi
for middling cotton, I know just as well whatwill
come back as if I were there to pick it out. So,
if 1 send for middling fair, or fair, or ordinary, I
know it just as well as if I saw the cotton and
picked it. If it does not come according to the
standard for which 1 sent, I am not obliged to
take it.
Mr. HAMMOND. I rise to inquire of the
Chair if it is in order, on the motion to reconsider,
to discuss the merits of the tariff bill, I desire to
know whether the tariff is up now for discussion
under this motion to rcconsidcr; for if it is not,
the Senator from Rhode Island, and many other
Senators, have been out of order.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am not discussing the
merits of the bill. I was only calling the atten-
tion of the Senator from Mississippi, who intro-
duced this point, to some of its provisions. [ was
merely calling his attention to it to show that
there is no such objection in the bill proposed to
be reconsidered as he supposes; but that, on the
contrary, it provides just what he said ought to
be provided m a tariii bill, and provides for it as
effectually, and more effectually, than 1 have ever
seen it done in any tariff bill framed m this coun-
try. Instead of our complaining of the intricacy
of this tariff bill, I think the members of the
House of Representatives who framed it deserve
the thanks of the country for their ability and
industry in doing it; and when it comes to be ex-
amined here 1 doubt whether there will be many
places where you can pick a flaw in it. 1 do not
doubt but that there arc some mistakes in it. I
never saw a bill of that length which could not
be improved. They may have omitted something,
or may liuvu miscalculated; but tins is tin; place,
and this is the time for us to remedy any such
delect, and 1 have no doubt we can do it in a sin-
gle day if the Senator from Mississippi and others
who lake ail interest in the quest ion will take
time and devote themselves for a day or two to
the bill.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator fiom Mississippi^
has charged very broadly that the tarifl act ot
1857 was passed by corruption, and says, that
ever since he discovered that he lias expressed
his willingness to vote for us repeal.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to con uct the Senator.
I think lie lias drawn his impressions from the
lemat'ks of the Senator from Georgia, rather than
from my own. I thoughtitan unfair construction
at tile tune. I stated that I was ready to do so,
since I had been satisfied that was the fact. I was
satisfied by what appeared in the newspapers,
and I believed it oil the evidence there presented.
Mr. WILSON. I have no doubt that in making
this declaration which tbe Senator from Missis-
sippi has made, he is convinced that the act of
1857 did pass by corruptappliancos of money; lor
I am sure that lie would not make the declaration
heie unless he entertained thutconviction. I have
made some inquiries m regard to it and relleeted
somewhat upon it, and my own judgment is that
money had no influence whatever in passing the
tariff act of 1857. That money was raised for the
purpose of influencing the action ot Congress m
some form, there can be no doubt whatever. I hat
fact is before the country, and a discreditable fact
it is. But, sir, in my judgment, that money was
raised that year through the influence of a class
of men who hang about Washington during the
sessions of Congress as lobby agents, and simple-
minded men, anxious for a change of the tariff,
thought it was best to comply with certain inti-
mations or requests made of them to send an agent
with money to Washington to operate upon the
Congress, though I do not suppose they intended
to bribe members of Congress, or had any idea
that money was directly or indirectly to go into
the pockets of members of Congress. But, sir,
there is a class of men who hang about Washing-
ton during the sessions of this body and. the other
House, who make it their business to sell the
votes of members of the Senate and House of
Representatives; who make it their business to
represent to persons having claims or interests
depending upon the action of Congress, that they
have a controlling influence with certain members,
or with portions or the whole of delegations. I
have no doubt that members of the Senate and
House of Representatives have their votes sold and
paid for annually, and they in perfect unconscious-
„„„« it «,.• ill/.™ nm men here this verv vear
ness of it. Sir, there arc men here this very year
who hang around these Halls, come into these
galleries, and represent to persons having busi-
ness before Congress that unless they are paid
sums of money they will have their measures de-
feated; and when the employers of such men have
had the facts brought before them, they have ad-
mitted the corrupt character of their employes.
In regard to the charge that $87,000 was raised
in 1857"to influence the action of Congress upon
the tariff, I have never seen any evidence; I have
never been able to discover any fact going to show
that members of Congress received any portion
of that money. Sir, it was not necessary to raise
or spend money to carry the tariff of 1857, for it
went by itself. There was a previous demand
before Congress to modify the tariff of 184(5, to
icdiice the levenue. That pressure was upon
both Houses. The question only was, how it
was to be done. Thefts was a general, universal
opinion among men of all parties, that there should
be a modification ot the tarifi to eflect that object.
If money was expended, it went into the pockets
of men who took the occasion to fill their pockets.
That it had any influence; that it was necessary
to have any influence over the action of Congress,
cannot bo maintained. You, sir, (Mr. Fitzfat-
iuck ill tbe chair,) and every member of Con-
gress ill 1857, will bear evidence that there were
no close votes upon that question. That this
money was raised under the influence of lobby
agents, operating upon a few business men of
limited capacity,Who did not understand the po-
sition of that question bel'oie Congress, 1 have not
a doubt; but that it had any effect in passing the
measure before Congress, 1 utterly deny. It was
pait of the lobby system that disgraced us at that
time; that has disgraced us during the present
session. Tlieie are lobby agents about this Cap-
i itol who make it their business to represent
persons who know no better that they influence
and control the votes of members of the Senate
and House of Representatives; and that such men
have received money this yeai for that purpose,
I entertain not a doubt. A person connected with
a paper in New York said to a leading gentleman
who came here with reference to a measure of
groat national concern, pending in Congress, that
unless lie would pay linn §1,500 he would defeat
his lull. Receiving no money from that quarter,
he labored with reckless zeal to defeat a measure
of public interest, because its friends would not
consent to be black-mailed by him.
Sir, it does not do to believe membeis of the
Senate and House of Representatives guilty of
the crimu of lorruption because certain men, m
order to put money in their purses, make igno-
rant people, who have claims or interests before
Congress, believe that they control or influence
the votes of members. That system has been
going on, it is now going on, and it will probably
go on hereafter; and 1 know that some of the
purest men, some whom I now see before me,
have had their names coupled with corruption,
all unconscious of it themselves. 1 say that so
far as the allegation of money having been raised
to influence Congress in 1857, in its action upon
the tariff, is concerned, I believe the whole of it
to be a corrupt matter of lobby agents, operating
upon the weaknesses of some business men, and
that it had no influence whatever over the legis-
lation of Congress that year. If there were mem-
bers of Congress who stained their souls with
corruption on that occasion, I hope the infamy
of their complicity with lobby agents to black
mail credulous persons, anxious to secure the
modification of the tariff, will yet be disclosed to
the world. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The question is on the motion to reconsider the
vote postponing House bill No. 338.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BINGHAM, (when his name was callcd.)
On this question I am paired with the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I must take this occa-
sion to bring to the decision of the Chair the ques-
tion whether it is any excuse for a gentleman that
he is paired off. I would myself, under the cir-
cumstances in which the Senator is placed, ask
to be excused from voting after the decision of
this question; but I hppe he will not consider it
unkind at all that I avail myself of this oportu-
nity and this occasion, it being the first since last
night, to make the question in his case. I want
to know whether it is competent for gentlemen to
pair off, and whether it is an excuse for a member
to say here "I have paired off." I think it is
not. I think this practice is becoming altogether
too fashionable among us; and we ought to know,
at any rate, what the law of this body is in re-
gard to it. 1 desire to have the decision of the
Chair;and insist upon it that the gentleman, being
present, is bound to vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright,)
The Chair understands the Senator from Ken-
tucky as insisting that the Senator from Michigan
shall vote.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I must do that in order
to raise the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the rule that relates to the question
raised by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. BIGLER. I beg to suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky that it would be better to go •
through with the list, and afterwards take yp the
question of the propriety of requiring Senators to
vote. I think that is in accordance with the rule;
and I make the suggestion to the Senator from
Kentucky, that he allow the call to go through,
and then raise the question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I fear that I cannot
make it if the call shall be concluded.
Mr. BROWN. You can at any time before
the result is announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point is
well taken at the present stage of the call.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 made it at this in-
stant because I supposed I was obliged to make
it now. If it can be made after the call is through,
very well.
Mr. BROWN. I think the question may be
made at any time before the result is announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general
consent, the call will be proceeded with until its
close, and the Senator from Kentucky can then
make his point of order. [" Agreed !"]
The Secretary continued the call of the roll.
Mr. FOSTER rose when Mr. Dixon's name
was called, and said: My colleague lias paired
with the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Cmngmaji.] They are both absent.
The Secretary concluded the call of the roll.
Mr. DURKEE, (who at first voted in the
affirmative.) I desire to withdraw my vote. I
am paired with the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Benjamin.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
vote will be withdrawn, if there be no objection.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I suppose this is the
proper time to have the decision of the question
I raised. A gentleman during the call excused
himself from voting on the ground that he liad
paired off with another gentleman who was absent.
I merely wish to have the question settled, that
members may know how to regulate their con-
duct, not that I desire it to be applied to existing
cases; becausc wo have indulged m this practice,
all of us—I have myself; but I believe that it
ought to be Stopped. I would not insist on any
gentleman voting now who is paired; but I want
the decision on the question whether it is a good
excuse for not voting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know how the question can be made, except
in the case of some Senator. Does the Senator
from Kentucky insist oil any Senator voting who
has declined to vote ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Of course; I am ooliged
to do that/or the purpose of raising the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin, for example, declined voting on the
ground that he had paired off. The Chair will.
