1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WIGFALL. One word. I want to know
when, and where, and how, the Democracy of
Texas were whipped in the last election, and by
whom?
Mr. PUGH. I do not inquire into the particu-
lars. It was done. That is all I have to say.
Mr. WIGFALL. How was it done?
Mr. PUGH. Your candidate did not get votes
enough. That is all the explanation I can give.
Mr. WIGFALL. What candidate ?
Mr. PUGH. The Democratic candidate, who
was a delegate to Charleston—one of the seceding
delegates.
Mr. WIGFALL. With the permission of the
Senator from Ohio, I will now make an explana-
tion. In the last canvass, when the Democracy
met and made their nominations, they did not, for
reasons that were entirely satisfactory to them-
selves, say anything about the President of the
United States. They adopted the Cincinnati plat-
form simply. After that nomination was made,
an da short time before the election, General Hous-
ton announced himself as a candidate; charged
upon the Democracy that they had not indorsed
the Administration; declared himself a Democrat
of the newest and strongest impression; declared
that he had voted for the' Lecompton constitution,
and supported the Administration; declared that
he was not only a Democrat, but an Administra-
tion Democrat; said that when he had defaulted,
and wandered from the ways of rectitude and
righteousness, he had been punished. He said,
sir, that he had been whipped like a cur, and he
acknowledged that the punishment was justly ad-
ministered. That is what he said; he published it;
and before we had time to meet it in a State of
such vast ex tent as that, without any opportunity
of meeting the argument, and showing that he
was not a Democrat, the election came on. At
that time there had been difficulties upon our
northern border with Indians. There was great
dissatisfaction with the administration of Texas;
and taking all these things together, General
Houston was elected as a Democrat. If the De-
mocracy wore defeated, I should like to know how
I happen to be here?
Mr. PUGH. Did you not vote for General
Houston ?
Mr. WIGFALL. I did not by a good deal;
for I was not one of those who were deceived by
false pretenses. I knew that there were those who
wear the livery of Heaven to serve the Devil in.
Mr. PUGH. For aught I know, General
Houston may be a Democrat.
Mr. WIGFALL. It was one win^g of the De-
mocracy fighting the other, and the Know Noth-
ings, Free Soilers, and the old Whigs, who never
had belonged to either party, coming in and join-
ing the Opposition, and General Houston claim-
ing to be not only a Democrat, but an Adminis-
tration Democrat; and he held up in that canvass
against us that we had not indorsed the Admin-
istration.
Mr. PUGH. I say, General Houston may
be a Democrat; but the last time I know him he
belonged to the American party.
Mr. WIGFALL. And does now, I believe.
Mr. PUGH. I do not know what he belongs
to; there are so many people calling themselves
Democrats now. These Richmond people call
themselves Democrats—theseceders, bolters, who
broke up and retired from the convention, gave
up their places m the Democratic ranks, and
came within an ace of taking a new name. I was
not calling in question General Houston's pre-
tensions when these gentlemen setup such extraor-
dinary pretensions; but this I say, that the reg-
ularnominee of the Democratic party for Governor
of Texas was defeated, and he was one of the
delegates from Texas in the Charleston conven-
tion who seceded, for I take it he represents the
regularity of the church in that respect.
Mr. WIGFALL. He does.
Mr. PUGH. Then the Democratic party was
defeated in Texas at the last election.
Mr. WIGFALL. By fraud.
Mr. PUGH. No matter by what. Everybody
says by fraud when defeated. I look only to the
result.
Mr. WIGFALL. Why am I here ?
Mr. PUGH. I hope for your general good
behavior. I should like to know when the State
of Virginia ever fell off so much as she has done
within the last twelve months, slipping down from
thirty to five thousand majority. I should think
she had better be looking to her own affairs at
home, and strengthening her Democracy there,
instead of preaching sermons to other people. I
hope she will come back to the old standard, for
I have always been very proud to follow that
State, and very sorry to think that she should fall
away from the faith.
But, as I said, who calls North Carolina Dem-
ocratic at present? If the election goes to the
House of Representatives, she will vote against
us. Who calls Kentucky Democratic ? Will she
vote for the Democratic candidate for President,
if the election goes to the House of Representa-
tives ? Will Tennessee vote for him, if the elec-
tion goes there ? Illinois will. You will have to
count on her, if you are looking out for Demo-
cratic States. But, sir, I only remind gentlemen
that, whilst they are so confident in the assertion
that they had either a majority of delegates or a
majority of the Democratic States, or all the Dem-
ocratic States, it is a bald assertion. They said,
in addition, that they had a majority of States'
They did not even have that. The majority that
reported the platform was composed of seventeen
delegates from seventeen States. In the first place,
Maryland and Missouri did not indorse the ac-
tion of their committee-men.
Mr. GREEN. That brings me up.
Mr. PUGH. Wait a moment. I am going
to tell you something else about Missouri. When
the second majority report was read, the commit-
tee-man from Missouri rose and said that, if ho
should get an opportunity, he would move to
strike out the third resolution—that was the reso-
lution declaring that Congress should protect
property in the Territories; and he further stated
that Missouri preferred the minority report. I
believe that is the very language he used. If not,
1 can be corrected.
Mr. GREEN. I will correct the Senator. Gen-
eral Clark, who was that spokesman, did say that
he did not desire the third resolution, because he
thought the other resolutions went far enough,
and came up to the measure of the Missouri reso-
lutions, I wish to read the Missouri resolutions,
so that the Senator may see what Missouri in-
structed.
Mr. PUGH. 1 cannot give way to have the
Missouri resolutions read. I thought you were
going to read General Clark's speech.
Mr. GREEN. Not at all. You state that Mis-
souri was divided. I want to show that JMissouri
was not divided, except by the defection of the
delegates.
Mr. PUGH. So the Senator may call it.
Mr. GREEN. When this resolution was passed,
and after the delegates were appointed, it became
a matter of surprise that certain men had got in
who had not been Democrats for ten years. They
got up and pledged themselves, and said: " Your
resolution is instruction enough; do not instruct
for any person; we will vote for nobody unless
he indorses this resolution." Here it is:
" Resolved, That the Demociatie party of Missouri hold
these cardinal principles on the subject of slavery m the
Tciritory: 1. That Congress has no power to abolish sla-
very in any Territory ; 2. That the Territorial Legislature
has no power to abolit-h slavery in any Territory, nor to
prohibit the introduction ot slaves therein, nor any power
to exclude slavery therefrom by untnendly legislation, nor
any power to destroy or impair the right of property m
slaves by any legislation ivhatev-er."
That was the doctrine of Missouri; and her
representatives, if they departed from it, departed
from their duty.
Mr. PUGH. Missouri may take her delegates
in hand at her own convenience. I have no time
for that just now. If I have misstated what Gen-
eral Clark said, I should be very happy to be
corrected; because he was at a great distance from
me, and it was reported to me afterwards by
others more distinctly even than I heard it; but I
understood him to say that, if he had an oppor-
tunity, he would move to strike that resolution out,
and that Missouri, as the matter then stood, pre-
ferred the minority platform. He was her man
on the committee. At all events, one half her
delegation were against the majority platform,
and one half of Maryland.
Well, sir, I need not go further. If these gen-
tlemen want to go on with these pretexts and
after-thoughts, and ways of accounting for their
defeat, the controversy may be prolonged to an
indefinite time. I tell you, gentlemen, there is
2241-
nothing m them. You went there, and did all
you could. You took all the power you had in
every State, and you took a good deal of power
that it was not intended you should have. If
delegates were guilty of 4fection in Missouri,
they were not the only delegates in the conven-
tion, perhaps not the only ones on either side:
but you did the best you could. You were rep-
resented by very able men.. In argument,' in
debate, in management, in everything, you did
the very best that it was possible for men to do
in your circumstances; and when you were de-
feated-—what then? You stood upon the rule
"heads I win, tails you lose.'* If you had de-
feated us, you would have compelled us to remain
there and submit; but when we defeated you,
you broke off, left the convention, went off, made
another party of your own in another convention,
denounced the regular convention, passed a plat-
form of your own, and then adjourned to Rich-
mond for the purpose of nominating a candidate.
I want you to nominate your candidate. I have
seen an address, purporting to be published by
Senators and Representatives, inviting those del-
egates to come back to the Baltimore convention.
They have no business there. Their seats are
vacant. They have left the party—left the organi-
zation. I do not know what others may do, but
I will teil Senators my course. I will sit and vote
until the 4th day of March, 1861, against allowing
one man of them to come back again, unless he
is newly elected as a delegate to that conven-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. \They will vote against
your coming in, too. Which shall decide?
Mr. PUGH. If they will gctachanceto vote
against my coming in, I will give it to £hem. The
difficulty is, that I am in and they are out. [Laugh-
ter.] The committee on credentials have reported
that I was elected, and they reported that they
were elected; but they went on and resigned their
seats, and protested against anybody casting the
votes of their States after they left, and finally the
convention declared their seats to be vacant, ad-
journed to Baltimore, and called upon those States
to elect other delegates. I can tell the gentleman
he is mistaken, if ne supposes that the men who
stood there at Charleston for two weeks in that
atmosphere voting down your resolution again
and again, and voting for Stephen A. Douglas,
aregoing to be tired when it comes to Baltimore,
which is a much more agreeable atmosphere for
them. He is greatly mistaken.
At all events, as I said before, you would have
the issue. You have made it a question of per-
sonal honor, and there you cannot stand. If we
cannot remain in the^ organization of the Demo-
cratic party, exercising our judgment and will,
according to the rules of the party; if when we
are in the minority with our candidates rejected,
with our declarations of principles ignored, we are
called on to stand firm, and to fight the Opposi-
tion in every shape year after year—to fight even
against hope—then, sir, when, by the established
rules of the party, we come to have a majority,
to be able to make our declarations of principles,
and to nominate our candidates, you claim the
right to tear the convention in pieces, I tell you to
tear it; claim the right to setup another organiza-
tion—rset it up. I want no fellowship with your
organization. I am notacandidate for admission
into it. Now that you have left us, if you intend
to stand upon that sort of usage, very well. I
say this: if you demand that you shall have
your way; that, whether a majority or minority,
you shall govern; that no Democrat from any
northern State shall presume to have any opin-
ion,or to vote for any candidates, until he has got
the leave of Louisiana, Alabama, and Mississippi,
and the rest of those States—if those are the terms
of union, I want it made known now. I believe
my people do understand them now.
Mr. RICE. I would ask my friend from Ohio,
with his permission, if that test was applied to'the
two delegates from Minnesota, who did not vote
with him in that convention?
Mr. PUGH. I do not know what test is ap-
plied to them. I had no personal acquaintance
with them. I was not speaking of States; and I
was not speaking of any State in particular. I
was speaking for my own constituents. I was
not a candidate forthe office of delegate to Charles-
ton. I had not been a member of any national
convention before, and f never want, to" be of an-
