1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13G3
Mr. AVIGFALL. That is a personal affair be-
tween Cicero and the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. [Laughter.] I saw the other night some
Roman citizens, one named Sansini and another
Terrimacca, and I looked at them and reflected, and
asked myself whether they could possibly be the
descendants of Scipio Africanus and Pompey the
Great. I do not know; but they are Roman cit-
izens; they are here, and if it will not put me to
too much trouble, I shall probably inform them
of the fact that the character of Cicero lias been
assailed here as a libeler; and if these Roman cit-
izens .have the pride which Romans once had in
saying," I am a Roman citizen, "probably the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will have to answer
them. [Laughter,] But, sir, I shall leave it in
the hands of the Romans. Cicero, however, did
regard these agrarians as a set of people who were
attempting really to distribute the property of the
rich amongst those who had none, and it has been
by common consent the accepted opinion and the
admitted doctrine for two thousand years. Nie-
buhr, a few years ago, started a new theory, in
which, I think, he is not sustained except by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
But admit that it is all right: the question is,
whether this Federal Government has a right to
act on agrarianism or not. What was the object
of the Government? Why was it instituted?
What powers has it? I say this—and I defy any
Senator here to answer me—that if we have the
right to distribute land, we have the right to dis-
tribute money. Land is property. The other
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Nicholson]—I did
not hear his speech read the other day, because
I do not like to hear speeches that are read; I in-
tended to read it some time or other, but 1 have
not had time; and I was betrayed to-day into this
debate through what the Senator from New Hamp-
shire said, for as soon as he got to de&nding
agrarianism I sent for the book, and I really got
up to answer him, and have been led off into a
speech on tire question generally, which I am
very sorry for, but, nevertheless, it is done—the
Senator from Tennessee the Other day read a
speech here, in which it seemed to mo he went
into a constitutional argument to show that the
object of the Federal Government was to acquire
territory in order to establish new States, and
those States to be admitted into the Union. He
argued that that was one of the Federal purposes.
If there is a policy that has ever seized upon Ten-
nessee, in which a Tennesseean has ever indulged
—and it is saying a good deal for him, for they
have been terribly loose in their construction in
the Democracy of that State, [laughter]—sound
as to the party, never splitting tickets, but gener-
ally terribly unsound in theory™—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. WIGFALL. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Before he an-
swers my colleague's speech, I think it would be
best for him to read it; and in the next place, so
far as Tennessee is concerned, in reference to her
loose construction, she is prepared and willing to
compare with Texas or any State in this Confed-
eracy.
As to the question of loose construction, I un-
derstand that'the Senator concedes the power on
the part of this Government to grant land for the
construction of roads, and to appropriate money,
which would involve the internal improvement
question to which he has alluded. I think be-
fore the Senator makes such broad strikes and
deals such indiscriminate blows, he had better
define distinctly and definitely his own position.
It is true, to-day he has made quite a miscellane-
ous speech. He has discussed everything—some
things that were m connection with the home-
stead, and many others that ljpd no more connec-
tion with it than the moon. Many things he has
said to-day have not had the slightest bearing on
the homestead proposition; and I do not think it
kind, or exactly legitimate either, in senatorial
or other discussion, to arraign a State and its cit-
izens, and that, too, upon a speech before it has
been read, and when he who makes the attack
has himself offered a pioposition that cannot be ;
defended on principle.
Mr. WIGFALL. Well, Mr, President, of the
railroads, I have simply to say that the Senator
has mistaken me. I deny in toto the right of this
Federal Government to build a railroad, or char-
ter an incorporation to build one, or to aid a com-
pany in building one: enough for that. I believe
the Federal Government has the right to contract
for carrying the mails, munitions of war, naval
and military stores; and if the hill that I have in-
troduced does not come within that boundary,
then I will vote against my own bill: enough of
that.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Tennessee. Withtheleave
of the honorable Senator, I ask him if he did not
introduce a bill himself that provides for precisely
that thing?
Mr. WIGFALL. I ask the Senator from Ten-
nessee if I did not tell him that I would not vote
for the bill I introduced, and that I had a substi-
tute which embodied my views?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the Senator
told me he would not vote for it, very well.
Mr. WIGFALL. Exactly. That is the fact;
but go on a little more.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I only wish
to say that I would not introduce a bill that I
would not vote for.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Iverson] the other day introduced a bill and
voted against it himself. 1 have high authority.
I introduced one here, and intend to amend it.
The Senator talks about its being unfair to crit-
icise a speech before I have read it. I think it is
a most monstrous thing to read a speech here. If
it had been delivered, I should have listened to it.
I will read part of it. I was speaking merely to
what I understood to be the purport of the speech.
I make no imputation upon it. It is known to
everybody that the Tennessee Democrats arc
rather loose in their notions. [Laughter.] They
have notstood with Virginia; they have not stood
with Alabama or Mississippi.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not wish
to interfere with the Senator; but as he seems to
be in a very happy humor, and very ready in rep-
artee, I would like to know how long the Senator
has been a Democrat?
Mr. WIGFALL. Me? Since 1840. I voted
for Van Buren; and have supported tin; nominee
of every Democratic convention from that time
down this for President; and if I can get forgive-
ness for having done all of it, I shall be very
lucky. [Laughter.] But, sir, 1 did that because
I found that party always, objectionable as its
nominees might have been, better than the Oppo-
sition. They, at least, professed what I believed;
the others had the honesty to come out and con-
fess to the truth that they were for administering
the Government as I believed they were not au-
thorized to do under the Constitution. I never
split tickets cither; nor do I over bolt a nomina-
tion ; but I have supported the Democratic party
on general principles that it was better to get half
a loaf than none. I think it better to have a half
Democrat than a whole Whig. I knew that there
were a great many so-called Democrats in whom
I could smell the wolf all the time; they were not
Democrats; and I knew they did not believe a
word I believed. I knew that they believed every-
thing old Story had ever written; ( knew that they
denied with bitterness; they denied as Peter did
his Lord, with an oath and curse, the Kentucky
and Virginia resolutions, as construed by the Vir-
ginia report; they had the hands of Esau, and it
was the voice of Jacob. I knew that; but what
was the use of voting against them for those who
had simply the advantage of being honest and
saying what they would do? In addition to that,
I always knew that- if the Democratic party got
into power, whilst the nominees might not be ex-
actly up to my standard, the majority of the party
was; and I hoped, by one influence or another, to
keep the Government somewhere within traces
for the next four years. Besides, I have already
stated to-day that 1 thought hunger would tame
the wolf; and the Opposition would break up if
they could not get power, and we would get back
things right.
The Senator from Tennessee says I have bean
a little wandering in my speech to-day, and have
talked about things generally. Well, sir, I would
say this: so far as that old Whig party is con-
cerned, I think it is not very much to blame. It
began upon a theory that was wrong, and it never
had the opportunity of trying the theory. We
kept them out of office all the time. If they could
have been put in for about eight or twelve years,
and worked the thing oi^t, they would have found
the impossibility of working the machine with their
notions; but they were just in-the condition that
old Samuel Pepys said the Royalists were during
the time of the Stuarts, after the protectorate was
over and Charles II. was inaugurated. His gov-
ernment was a failure, almost as great a one a%
that of 1842, when the omnibus turned over, ana
spilt tlie entire Whig party. [Laughter.] Sir
Samuel Pepys was writing his memoirs, and he
said these Royalists had been driven by Cromwell
and his people from England. They went to the
continent, and they lived there for such a number
of years that they knew nothing of English man-
ners and customs and habits, or the English con-
stitution; and when they came back, Charles II.
was obliged either to take Cromwell's people
into his Cabinet, which he could not do, or to
take gentlemeu who had been educated on the con-
tinent, which he was obliged to4o; and it was not
owing to any deficiency in their sense, but they
did not understand the English constitution, ana,
therefore, the whole government of Charles II.
was a failure. I have, in charity ^ always sup-
posed that if the Whigsftad had a fair chance, and
had ever held this Government more than four
years at a time, they would have found out that
their theory was wrong, and they would have al-
tered and have rectified it; but they never had the
opportunity. We always put them in the awk-
ward squad, where they could not keep step, or
get the touch of the elbow. We never gave them
a chance.
Now, the Senator from Tennessee has brought
up this matter of Tennessee. I simply say that
they are not and have not ever been considered
among the straitest of the sect. I have not read
that argument of his colleague; but I shall dis-
cuss it as I understood it; and it was, that this
Government was instituted for the purpose of ad-
mitting new States intotheUnion; and that being
the case, the public lands were to be used with a *
view to creating new States, and not as a fund. I
deny thatintoto. I deny that you can extend the
area offreedom, sofaras these Statesare concerned,
1 deny that you can spread American institutions,
and all that sortof thing, in the general acceptation
of the term. I ask the Senator from Virginia, who
sits before me, [Mr. Mason,] how is it that he
proposes to extend the area of Virginia? Virginia
is a State; it has metes and bounds; there are a
certain number of people living there; Virginia
has a government; they have the writ of habeas
corpus; they have the right of trial by jury; they
desire to be allowed to till their own farms; they
do not expect to live except by the sweat of their
faces: but they do expect to be allowed everything
in their pockets that they get from the sweat of
their faces, except what is necessary to defray the
necessary expenses of the Government. That is
what they expect. Now, sir, if you were to an-
nex Prussia, Russia, England, and France, to this
Government, would the people of Virginia have
any more the right to the writ of habeas corpus, or
the right of trial by jury, any more the right of
the proceeds of their own industry, than they
have now? Then, would they be benefited ? If
the people of Virginia found that they were not
able themselves to protect themselves against for-
eign aggression, then there would be reason why
they should confederate with other people. It
would simply be because they were not able to
defend themselves against foreign aggression—
that is the only motive. If they werj able to de-
fend themselves against foreign aggression, they
never would confederate with anybody else, and
never would have done it, and would not have
done it now, and would break up the Confedera-
tion in a day. If, then, they felt that they were
not strong enough to defend themselves against
foreign aggression, they would confederate with
other States, so that they and the other States to-
gether would be able to protect themselves; and,
having accomplished that object, why do they
want to extend the Confederation?
The Senator from Tennessee supposes that we
have a sort of blatherskiting Americanism that is
going to spread over the whole continent,and cross
the Pacific, and take in the Sandwich Islands; and
that, in the area of freedom, weare going to take in
the whole world, and everybody is going to benefit
us. The whole of that is a false doctrine. I think it
is a doctrine that no Democrat should ever enter-
tain . It is a doctrine that we ought to expose here
on the floor of the Senate. We ought to begin to
