1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am
call the attention of the Senate to the rule. The
rule provides:
" When the yeas and nays shall be called for by one fifth
of the members present, each member called upon shall,
unless for special reason he be excused by the Senate, de-
clare, opouly and without debate, his assent or dissent to
the question."
The Senator from "Wisconsin- 
Several Senators. The Senator from Michi-
§aThc VICE PRESIDENT. The same remark
is true of the Senator from Michigan. The Sen-
ator from Michigan having declined to vote, on
the ground that he has paired off, thefequestion for
the Senate to determine is, whether that reason is
sufficient; and the Chair will submit that question
to the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that my colleague
be excused.
. Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall make that mo-
tion myself as soon as we have the decision of the
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
is the excuse rendered by the Senator from Mich-
igan sufficient?
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will be deemed suffi-
cient. This practice of the Senate is according
to custom, and I think it is a good practicc. The
rule svas not passed to meet it. I believe the prac-
tice of pairing a judicious one in some cases, to
prevent advantage being taken of an accident
which may call a member away. It is a very
good practice, and may be indulged in without
injury to the public service, especially in a body
like this, where each gentleman must judge for
himself how far his presence here is necessary to
the public interest, and when it is proper for him
to pair olf, and on what questions. 1 think it is
a discretion which may well be left to each Sen-
ator, and I dislike very much to see an arbitrary
rule enforced.
Mr. MASON. I do not think the question,
whether the Senator shall bo excused, is at all
dependent on any principle which may be in-
volved in the right of the Senate to excuse him.
I agree with the Senator from Georgia that this
practice in the Senate is one that leads to very
good results, and the "Senate cannot well control
it. The rule is, that each Senator shall vote when
his name is called; but it has been the usage of
the Senate since I have been here—certainly a
much shorter time than the honorable Senator from
Kentucky—to allow a Senator, on his respons-
ibility, if he finds it necessary to leave the Sen-
ate, to do so by getting some gentleman of oppo-
site opinions, to avoid the consequence of his
absence, to agree not to vote. I think each Sen-
ator must do that on his own responsibility.
Suppose the Senate were not to excuse a Senator
for not voting: he has nothing to do but to leave
the Chamber before his name is callcd, and he
cannot be required to vote. 1 can well see that
there may be instances where, if the pairs were
numerous, the Senate might be reduced to a num-
ber below a quorum; and in such cases, perhaps,
it might be desirable to enforce the rule; but oth-
eiwise I should be reluctant to do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. The Senator from Louis-
iana has left the city upon the faith of my engage-
ment that 1 would not vote on any political ques-
tion while he was away; and I should not consent
to vote now, under any circumstances.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
shall the Senator from Michigan, for the reason
stated, be excused from voting?
The question being put, it was determined in
the affirmative.
The result of the vote on the motion to recon-
sider the postponement of the tariff bill until
the second Monday in December next was an-
nounced—yeas 33, nays 17; as follows:
YDAS—Mcssis. Anthony, Bigler, Iiright, Camnon,
Cluiodler, Cl.uk, Collauier, Cnttenden, Davis, Donlittle,
Fe^emlen, Fitch, l-'oou Foster, [laic, Hamlin, IlatUm,
Kennedy, King, Lane, |.,atham, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
Seward," Simmons, Sumner, Ten Kyck, Thomson, Trum-
bull, Wade. Wilkinson, and Wilson—33.
MAYri—Messiri, Buigg, Drown, Chesnut, Fitzpatrlcl:,
Green.Gwin,Hammond, Hemphill, Iluntei,Iver&ou, John-
son of Ti'imc-se**, iMallory, Mason, llice, Toombs, "VVig-
faU, and Ynlee—17.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider is agreed to; what will the Senate do
with the bill *
Mr. BIGLER. It will be remembered that, so
far as I have any interest in the matter, I gave the
Senator from Florida an assurance, that when the
bill was taken up, I would consent to let it be
passed over informally, while we proceeded with
the Post Office deficiency bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The bill is before
the Senate.
Mr. Li£NE. I move the amendment of which
I gave notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks that the bill lie over till the
Post Office deficiency bill can be disposed of.
Mr. LANE. If the bill is laid aside, let my
amendment lie over with it. I ask that the amend-
ment bo read.
The Secretary read the amendment as follows:
Strike out all after the cnacting clause of the bill, and
insert:
That the act entitled "An act reducing the duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes/' approved July 30, 1846, be,
and the same is heieby, reenaetcd and reestablished m
every section, schedule, and clause thcieof; and that the
act entitled "An net leducing the dutv on imports, and for
other purposes," appioved March 3,1807. and all other acts
and parts- of acts inconsistent with the said act of July 30,
1S46, be, aud the same aie hereby, repealed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest that the
amendment cannot now be in order, because there
is a motion to postpone the bill until December
next. All wo have done is to reconsider the vote
upon the postponement, and now I take it the
question comes back upon the motion to postpone-.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
looked that circumstance. The Senator from
Maine is correct. The vote which has just been
taken reconsidered the vote by which the bill was
postponeduntil the second Monday in December.
The question now is, shall1 it be postponed until
that day?
Mr. BUGLER. I hope that motion will be voted
down without a division.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. LANE. 1 renew my admendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. This hill was once referred
to the Committee on Finance, .md was by them
merely considered and reported with reference to
one question, namely, whether it should be post-
poned to the next session. The merits of the bill
itself have not been considered at nil in this body.
The vote to postpone it has now been reconsid-
ered, and the bill comes before us. Clearly, it
has never been considered in me Committee on
Finance, in relation to the details of its provisions.
The only question which by them was considered
and presented here, was the question of deferring
it, postponing it to another session, notexamining
it. The bill really not having undergone any ex-
amination by that committee on its merits, I move
now that it be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the amend-
ment?
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment, I take
it, is not in order. It could not be jeccivcd at the
time it was offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon offered the amendment the moment the
vote was taken upon the motion to postpone.
Mr, COLLAMER. If the amendment is re-
ceived as in order, I desire to have it committed
with the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that the motion to re-
fer the bill to the Committee on Finance will not
prevail. We voted to reconsider the vote post-
poning the bill with the idea that we were going
to set ourselves down and go to work to mature
it. I want the bill read: I want to lake it up sec-
tion by section, line by line, word by word, and
examine every part of it, and pass upon it. It is
fairly before the Senate now, and we can amend
each of the sections, as we take them up. We
have entered on the work seriously and soberly,
and let us examine and act upon it. We voted
for the reconsideration with that understanding-;
and t shall insist upon it, as far as I can do so,
that we act upon each section of the bill separ-
ately and in detail, and perfect the provisions of
the bill before we act upon the amendment ofthe
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. BIGLER. I cannot vote for the motion
of the Senator from Vermont. This bill has al-
ready been in possession of the Committee on
Finance. It is true, as the Senator says, that the
only question considered by the committee was
that of postponement, that the details of the bill
were not alluded to at oil. The Senator from
Vermont proposes to recommit it in order th&t
it may be perfected, that the committee may go
into an examination of the details, and cure any
palpable defects that may appear in it. But, sir,
we have had a very clear indication that that com-
mittee is not only against this tariff bill, but against
any other; and the committal would simply be
putting us where we were a few hours since—the
bill would be out of the possession of the Senate,
and, I take it, disposed of for this session. That
has not been my purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that he moved to re-
fer it to a special committee. Let a select com-
mittee of .its friends take charge of it, and make
such amendments as they may think proper.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall notinterfere so far with
the motion of the Senator from Vermont; but if he
had moved to refer the bill to a select committee,
I should not have felt disposed to interpose an
objection, provided I could have assurance of
promptand immediate action from the committee,
if the Senator from Vermont will change his*mo-
tion,and propose a select committee, I shall have
very much less objection to it. Certainly 1 can-
not agree to a reference to the Committee on Fi-
nance, understanding their views, as we now do.
I had supposed that, after disposing of the Post
Office appropriation bill, we should at least read
this bill, and go through its sections, and sec what
objections could be pointed out to it. I do not
feci disposed myself now to make a motion to
commit.
Mr. COLLAMER. As the friends of the meas-
ure seem to be divided about the propriety of my
motion, I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has never
been read at length in the Senate. -The Secretary
will read the bill.
The Secretary commenced reading the bill.
Mr. YULEE. I move the suspension of the
reading of the bill; and if it be agreeable to the
Senate, and the Senator from Pennsylvania, I will
move the postponement of this question, in order
to take up the Post Office deficiency bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I cannot object to that, of
course; for I agreed that it might be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida moves to suspend the reading of the
bill-: 
Mr. WILSON. I must object.
Mr. YULEE. I make the motion.
Mr. WILSON. If there is any special business
that the Senator wishes to do, I shall not object
to its being suspended temporarily.
Mr. YULEE. I want to take up the Post Office
appropriation bill for the present year.
Mr. WILSON I am willing to yield to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill must be
read unless, by unanimous consent, its reading be
dispensed with.
Mr, LANE. I think we had better get through
wuh this bill. We have but three days of the
session after this; and I regard this bill as a very
important matter.
Mr. TOOMBS. Here is an appropriation bill
pending between the two Houses which it is pro-
posed to take up.
Mr. LANE. No appropriation bill is of more
importance than this question. I will not, how-
ever, stand in opposition to the wish of the Sen-
ate in relation to this matter. If they desire now
to take up some other business, I shall not object.
Mr. BIGLER. I believe there is no motion to
postpone, but it is simply propobed, by common
consent, to lay this bill aside.
Mr. YULEE. I have no objection to that mode
of proceeding—any mode by which we can take
up the Post Office bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection; this bill is laid aside temporarily,
and the Post Office deficiency bill will be taken
up.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(&. No. 416) to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the public domain,.and for other pur-
poses; and it was signed by the Vice President,
NAVAL APPROPRIATION' BILL.
The message further announced that the House
insisted upon its amendment to the sixth amend-
