1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
the tie of all social confederacy. Nay, to impart
sting and poignancy to the accusation, ho couplcd
it with the aggravating imputation of ingratitude.
Yes, sir, he asserted distinctly that all these cov-
enants, which vvc are charged with breaking, were
made for our benefit; not perceiving tho limp in
his logic, the contradiction in the statement, that
we had violated engagements which operate to our
advantage. Perhaps, sir, he intended to imply
that the people of the South are fools as well* as
knaves; otherwise, I cannot see how he expects
credit for the assertion that they themselves have
loosened the bond of covenants which were all for
their own benefit. Nor is that all. There is this
additional and incomprehensible absurdity in the
gentleman's argument: he represents the North
as complaining of the infraction of engagements
which operated to its disadvantage and disparage-
ment. It will puzzle the gentleman's ingenuity
to explain why the South should be faithless to
favorable compacts, and why tho North should
urge as a grievance that they are relieved from
onerous restrictions. This is one of the dilemmas
into which malignity is so apt to betray its vic-
tims.
But, sir, I contest the gentleman's argument in
both of its propositions. I deny that all the com-
pacts and compromises of the Constitution are for
the benefit of the South; and J deny that she is
guilty of any, the least, violation of her cove-
nants.
In the first place, it is not true that the South
realized any enlargement of right by the so-called
compromises of the Constitution. ft is not true
generally, for the reason that when the Status of
the South assented to the Constitution and entered
the Confederacy, they were independent nation-
alities, and as such wore invested with all the
rights of sovereignty. Their power was com-
plete, and any modification of thnt power oper-
ated as a restriction and derogation. The only
acquisition of right and power which they could
have gained, arose outof the relations which they
contracted with other members of the Confeder-
acy. What that acquisition was will be exhib-
ited in the sequel.
Again, sir, it is equally untrue in fact as false
in philosophy, that tho States of the South are
exclusively the beneficiaries of the compacts of
tho Constitution. Examine those compromises
as they are enumerated by tho gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
First, is the partial representation of our slave
population. Evidently here is a concession of
right and a deduction of power on the part of the
South. The States of the South, befoie entering
the Confederacy, had a right lo insist that their
weight in the popular branch of th" Federal Con-
gress should be proportioned to their entiie negro
population; instead of which, they agreed to sub-
tract two fifths from this basis of representation.
Mere was a clear and important concession from
the South, at the instance and for the advantage
of the North. If they had demanded the enumera-
tion of all their slaves in the ratio of representa-
tion, as they had a right to do, their strength on
this floor to-day would be increased by the addi-
tion of sixteen members, and we would not be,
embarrassed now by the possibility of a Black
Republican Speaker.
So, sir, with the slave trade, which the South
had a right to perpetuate, but to the suppression
of which, after a given period, she consented, 111
the interest of the Confederacy. This, too, was
a signal concession by the South.
The gentleman adduces, and properly, too, Un-
constitutional stipulation for the rendition of
fugitive slaves as an advantage which tho South
gams in the Confederacy. It is true, sir, if the
southern States maintained thrir original independ-
ence, they would have no right* to reclaim their
slaves from the jurisdiction of foreign Powers.
But, sir, apart from tho nullity of this provision,
consider by what a concession the South purchased
the poor equivalent. By resigning the privilege
of levying tonnage and impost duties, and trans-
furring to the Fcdes a! Government all control over
the foreign and intr,r-State comm< rce of the Con-
federacy, they pieced their trade at the mercy of
antagonist interest-; in the North; and most effect-
ually have the North availed themselves of the
power for the aggrandizement of their manufac-
turing and commercial interests, at the expense of
the producing interests of the South. They have
plucked us with merciless and insatiable exac-
tions.
Thus, sir, it appears that in all the instances
enumerated by the honorable member from Penn-
sylvania,the South, in effect, has lost rather than
gained by the compromises of the Constitution.
I come, now, to the other proposition of the
gentleman's argument; to the burden of his in-
dictment; to the point of his invective against
the South; to the declaration that the South has
been faitl^ess to "all compacts2 compromises,
and covenants." Among the compromises of the
Constitution, which one has the South violated?
The honorable gentleman did not allege that we
had broken any except the engagement for the
suppression of the slave trade. Is this a just
accusation? I confidently affirm it is not. Ex-
ceptional instances of lawlessness do not impugn
the character of a community. As a body, the
people of the South are in no way concernedinthe
violation of the law against the slave trade. They
are not more guilty of the crime than the people
of the North. In fact, and notoriously, it is in
northern ships, by northern men, and for the ag-
grandizement of northern capital, that the slave
tiade is prosecuted in defiance of legal prohibition.
Those assertions I defy the gentleman to contra-
dict.
Well, sir, how stands the South in respect of
that other class of compromises—I mean the eom-
fromises of legislation? Here let me protest that
have no reverence for this sort of compromise.
I cannot comprehend the meaning of a legisla-
tive compact. It is an idea that eludes analysis.
No one enactment of the Federal Legislature has
moie sanctity and stability than another. All
laws rest upon their approved policy; and they
nre liable to repeal the moment their operation
becomes misclue\ous. It is a usurpation of power,
and an act of folly, for one Congress to undertake
to protect its legislation from amendment by a
succeeding Congress.
Still. I will follow the gentleman, step by" step,
in his iadietmcnt. I will take up specification
aftei specification, and exhibit, beyond question,
that the South is innocent of any infraction even
of these legislative compromises. More than that;
I will retaliate tin; charge. I will make the North
plead to an indictment, and will prove that it is
the anti-slavery party wh ich has violated 4 'all com-
pacts, compromises,and covenants."
The honorable member accuses the South of
an infraction of the Missouri compromise. The
facts show that the South adhcied to it, but the
Noith lepudiated it. He declared,explicitly and
emphatically, that the South had infracted and
violated the Missouri compromise. Sir, I hurl
hack the accusation, and tell him that it was not
the South, but the North, the North entirely and
exclusively, with his aid and his approbation,
that Molated this legislative compromise of 1820.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman further than to correct a slightmis-
take into which ho has fallen. lie supposes that
the repeal of the Missouri compromise was passed
with my sanction and consent.
Mr. PRYOR. Not at all. I will come to that
point. If the honorable gentleman will let me
develop my idea, he will find that I am not far
out after all.
Mr. HICKMAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. 1 will say this, in order to put that matter
at rest: I was opposed to the repeal of the Mis-
souri line, and to the legislation of 1854. I have
stated upon this floor, on more than one occasion,
that if I had been a member of this body at the
time of the passage of the Kansas-Nehraskaact,
I would have voted against it, as I fore.-aw that
it would be pregnant of mischief.
Mr. PRYOR. I say, sir, notwithstanding, that
it was the gentleman's constituents, that it was
the anti-slavery party of the North, the party
outside of the Democracy, who violated this com-
promise of J8~0, whkh is now so sacred in the
contemplation of the honorable member and his
associates. How did they violate it ? Why, sir,
the South, with that ptmic faith which is <har-
aeteristie. of them, insisted, after the compromise
of 1820 was enacted, that it should be extended
and perpetuated. We so insisted in the case of
Oregon, in the case of the organization of govern-
ments for the Territory acquired from Mexico,
and in the case of the adjustment of the disputed
boundary between Ttxasand New Mexico—three
instances wherein the South, with the loyalty and.
chivalric regard for honor, which, if not peculiar
to her, is certainly characteristic of her, aid pro-
pose to insist upon the prolongation and perpet-
uation of the Missouri line of 36° 30'. What did
the North, this very party now clamorous for the
Missouri compromise ? They, upon those three
several occasions, did infract it, did violate it, did
refuse to perpetuate it. Afterward, the South,
finding that these gentlemen of irreproachable
and immaculate honor employed that compromise
merely for their own aggrandizement and our
oppression, finding that when it was to their
aavantage they adhered to it, and when to their
disadvantage they nullified it; the South, I say,
finding these things, and considering, meanwhile,
that the compromise was unconstitutional—un-
constitutional in that it proposed an arbitrary
exclusion against the States of the South—then
declared that inasmuch as the North will not keep
their faith, as they will not observe the compact,
the Government should revert to the principles of
the Constitution.
With a singular and unaccountable inaptitude,
the honorable gentleman adduces the tariff com-
promise of 1832 as another instance of bad faith
on the part of the South. This statement, sir, is
the exact reverse of historical truth. The com-
promise of 1832, with a view to appeasing the dis-
content of the South under an intolerable burden
of iniquitous taxation—a discontent particularly
developed m the gallant Palmetto State—stipu-
lated that the duties should undergo a gradual re-
duction until they reached a revenue level, where
they should remain. Nevertheless, this process
of amelioration was arrested, and, instead, amosL
grievous and outrageous weight of taxation im-
posed upon the South at the very moment when
she was promised relief from the oppression—im-
posed m the enactment of the bill of abominations
by the very North which now complains of bad
faith—imposed for the advantage of tho very
Pennsylvania which the gentleman partially rep-
resents. This is another instance of southern
perfidy!
I am conscious of treading on delicate ground
in reverting to the compromise of 1850; but here,
too, I affirm, the gentleman urges an unjust accu-
sation. The truth is, that, objectionable in many-
features as lhatmeasure was to the South,the South
yet adhered to its principle, and proposed to in-
corporate it in tho Kansas-Nebraska bill of 1854.
This suggestion the North resisted; but the South
was firm, and, aided by a number of faithful north-
ern Democrats, succeeded in securing an explicit
recognition and reaffirmation of the principle and
policy of the compromise of 1850. This is another
example of southern perfidy!
1 come now to the Kansas compromise of 1854,
as the honorable gentleman describes it, a reference
which I feel to be delicate and embarrassing. In
respect of this measure I give.my opinion that
neither the northern or southern Democracy are
guilty of an intentional violation of engagement.
Tho truth is, thnt tho Kansas-Nebraska bill was
susceptible of a various reading. Obvious enough
on its face, like a palimpsest, it contained matter
of grave import beneath the surface. We of the
South said the principle of the bill was, that the
people of a Territory might determine the ques-
tion of slavery in the exercise of State sovereignty,
and in the act of organizing a State government.
Others maintain that tho principle of the bill rec-
ognized the right of the people, by an act of terri-
torial legislation, to determine the question of sla-
very. It isapalpable, important.and, I apprehend,
irreparable, difference of construction. However,
since, for our interpretation, we have the author-
ity of the highest judicial tribunal, there is reason
to hope it may eventually prevail. But, be that
as it may, I piotest against the assumption that
an opinion on territorial power shall be made a test
! of political fidelity. I can understand how the
enemies of the Democracy may employ and ag-
gravate the issue as a wedge to rend asunder the
unity of our party; but I cannot comprehend how
any Democrat can assist m the suicidal operation.
In all political organizations there must be some
open questions, 'it is impossible to enforce an
exact conformity of opinion upon every subject of
speculation. The policy of the Democraticparty
has been to tolerate a difference of opinion in this
matter of territorial power.
The appointment of General Cass, the recog-
