1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
Mr. GROW. Was the motion to reconsider
entered ?
Mr. NOELL. It was entered the day before
yesterday. On that motion I desire to submit a
few remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri calls up his motion to reconsider. The
Chair thinks that that is in order.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman from Mis-
souri permit me to inquire what the bill is ?
Mr. NOELL. It is a bill to amend, an act estab-
lishing a territorial government for Utah. The
bill provides for repealing the fourth and fifth sec-
tions of that act—the sections which authorize
the people of Utah to elect a Territorial Legisla-
ture.
The Cleric read the title of the bill, as follows;
A bill (H. R. No. 408) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a territorial government in
Utah," approved September9,1851), and for other
purposes.
Mr. NOELL. With the permission of the
House, I propose to occupy its time for a few
moments with regard to this proposition. Pub-
lic attention has been for a long time directed to
the extraordinary condition of Slings in the Ter-
ritory of Utah. The people of the United States
have been looking to Congress to learn if some
means might not be legitimately adopted to put
an end to that condition of things. Under the
authority of this Government, the local legislative
tribunal of that Territory has established an in-
stitution and tolerated a crime that is shockingto
the moral sense of our people everywhere. I am
aware that it is a question of great difficulty and
great delicacy. The peculiar relations that exist
between the Federal Government and the Terri-
tories, the peculiar relations which the people of
all the States bear to these common Territories,
are such as to make the problem as to how these
difficulties are to be remedied a very difficult one,
indeed.
I have introduced this bill for the purpose of
withdrawing from the people of the Territory of
Utah the power to make their local laws through
an elected Legislative Assembly. The statesmen
who preceded us in the early history of the Gov-
ernment, discovered at an early period of time the
i n ex p o d i e n c vqi n d impracticability of direct and
immediate legislation by Congress forthe distant
Territories. They found it to be inexpedient,
because the members of Congress, being elected
from various sections of the Union, could not be
supposed to understand the local wants and ne-
cessities of the people of distantTerritories. They,
found it to be impracticable, because of the vast
amount of business that was necessarily thrown
on the hands of Congress, of a general character;
and because Congress, restricted and clogged by
its technical rules of procedure, could not take
such speedy action as would be necessary to sup-
ply and meet the local wants of people of partic-
ular localities. Such action could not be attained
by immediate and direct legislation by Congress.
Instead of that, they adopted the policy of dele-
gating the power which Congress possessed over
these Territories to the inferior local tribunal.
These Territories having been for the most part
settled by citizens of the different States of the
Union, trained up under our republican system of
government, qualified to exercise the power of
self-government, it was found that the best mode
of attaining this end was to confer, as a general
rule, on these people the power to elect a body to
make their own local laws and regulations. But,
sir, that has not always bee.il the practice of the
Government. The Northwest Territory was le-
gislated for by a Governor and judges appointed
by the President, by and with the advicc ot the
Senate. After the acquisition of Louisiana by the
treaty of 1803, a territorial government was estab-
lished for that country, providing for the appoint-
ment of a Legislative Council, to consist of thirteen
members, to be appointed by the President of the
United States, and to be ratified by the Senate. I
call the attention of the House to a short para-
graph from the act of 1804. It provides as fol-
lows:
" The legislative powers shall be vested m the Governor,
and in thirteen of the iuo-1 fit and discreet person3 oflho
Territory, to he called the Legislative Council, who shall be
appointed annually by the President ot the United States,
from among those holding real estate tti'-rcm, and who &hall
have resided one year at least m the said rnrntory, and hold
no office of profit under the Territory or the United states.
This provision of the fourth section of the act
for the establishment of a government for Louis-
iana conferred on the President of the United
States the power of appointing the legislative tri-
bunal to make laws for that distantTerritory. The
policy of that plan was founded on the fact that the
people of the Louisianapurchase were wholly un-
familiar with our system of government. They
had been reared under a different system of insti-
tutions; and it was supposed by the wise men
who legislated for us during the administration of
Mr. Jefferson that it was altogether improper that
the power to make their own laws should be ex-
tended to them—that the burden of establishing
institutions in consonance with our own should
be thrown upon a people who were unqualified to
perform that duty. Hence it was that this policy
was adopted of appointing a legislative tribunal
to make laws for them, until the condition of the
people became such as to warrant the conclusion
that they could carry on their government in con-
formity with our peculiar system of laws and
government.
This bill passed the Senate of the United States
by a vote of 22 to G. It went to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the House struck out that sec-
tion and provided for the election of a territorial
Legislative Assembly somewhat similar to that
winch has subsequently prevailed in the other
Territories of the United States. It wentback to
the Senate, and there, upon full consideration
and discussion, the amendment of the House
was disagreed to, and the fourth section, which
providedfor this mode ofiappoinling a legislative
body, was reinstated by an almost unanimous
vote.
Such, sir, is the history of this matter. The
proposition contained in that bill rested on the
idea that the people of the Louisiana purchase
were not in a condition to legislate for themselves
in accordance with our peculiar system of gov-
ernment. Subsequent to that period of time, as a
general rule, the Territories have been settled by
individuals going from the various States of the
Union, and qualified to exercise the right of self-
government, subject to the Constitution; but Utah
forms an exception to that general rule. That
Territory has not been settled in this manner. It
has been settled by a band of religious fanatics,
who, under the authority and sanction of this
Government, by virtue of the organic act, have
gone into that Territory and established institu-
tions shocking to the moral sense of our people
everywhere; who have tolerated the robbing and
murdering of our citizens in their transit across
the continent, and compelled the Federal Govern-
ment to expend millions of dollars without being
able to apply any remedy.
Now, it'we undertake, by direct and immediate
legislation, to apply a remedy to these evils, we
shall fail, for the simple reason that we do not
strike at the root of the evil; we do not withdraw
from them the power to perpetuate the system
which they have inaugurated in that Territory.
If we undertake to enact laws here for the pun-
ishment of polygamy, they will enact other local
laws, under the authority of the organic act, tol-
erating the same crime in another form; they will
pass o"her laws protecting individuals in that Ter-
ritory who commit depredations upon our citizens
crossing the continent, as they have heretofore
done. For this reason, I have introduced this
proposition to withdraw from the people of the
Territory the power of local legislation, and to
vest it in such inferior tribunal as will be properly
qualified to exercise it for the benefit of the peo-
ple of the Territory, and so as to protect the in-
terests of the people of the whole Union.
I am aware that the question has been raised as
to how far this Government should go in its inter-
ference with the local internal concerns of any
particular community; and 1 am the last man who
would undertake to set a precedent upon which
the right would be claimed hereafter by the I' ed-
eral Government to undertake, unless in case of
absolute necessity, to interefere m any manner m
the local institutions of a particular community.
Thatnccessity, in my judgment, hasarisen m this
case. It is a question of discretion whichappeals
to Congress. They have delegated this power of
legislation to a Territorial Assembly, which has
sliown itself wholly incompetent to exercise it.
The only means by which a remedy can be ap-
plied, m my judgment, is to withdraw the power,
and vest it in another tribunal better qualified to
perform the duty.
Mr. Speaker, I do not understand this ques-
tion of the power of the Federal Governmentover
the Territories as some gentlemen understand it.
I understand that the Legislature of a Territory
derives all its powers by delegation from .Con-
gress, and that there is no inherent power in the
people of a Territory to govern themselves while
they are in that condition. I claim thatthis power
is limited by the Constitution, and that under'our
peculiar form of government it cannot be exer-
cised by Congress so as to interfere with the
rights of the citizens of any State; neither can it
be cxercised when delegated to the local tribunal
so as to interfere with any of those rights; in
other words, that when the Congress of the Uni-
ted States undertakes to vest legislative powers
in a local tribunal, it can only delegate the powers
it possesses. I admit that Congress may confer
power upon another tribunal. When Congress
undertakes to confer powers on the judiciary,
these powers are conferred; when it undertakes to
establish an inferior legislative tribunal, the pow-
ers are delegated. That "is the distinction; and
gentlemen are often led into error by confounding
the two things—the delegation of power with the
act of conferring power. The Federal Govern-
ment confers power upon the judiciary to decide
cases; it delegates powers to an inferior legislative
tribunal, to be exercised by them over particular
subjects.
In this view of the subject, then, I claim that it
is a matter of discretion with Congress to what
tribunal they will delegate this power of legisla-
tion for a distantTerritory. They have, as agen-
eral rule, delegated it to a legislative tribunal to be
elected by the people. It was founded upon the
reason that the people of the Territory are better
qualified to determine what is best for their own
interests than any other tribunal. But when a
case arises when it is manifest that this exercise
of discretion by Congress has been abused, that
the tribunal to which the powers have been dele-
gated is wholly incompetent to exercise them, I
believe that in the exercise of its discretion it is
the duty of Congress to withdraw that power
and delegate it, to some other tribunal better qual-
ified to exercise it in conformity to our system of
government.
That there is a necessity for some remedy; that
this festering sore should be cut out from the body-
politic; that this foul blot upon our national rec-
ord should be erased, is a fact beyond all ques-
tion. The only difficulty is as to the manner in
which a remedy shall be applied. In looking at
this subject, I have seen the difficulty of applying
a remedy by direct and immediate legislation. We
cannot get a bill through this House with less la-
bor and time than wo can carry a complicated case
through a court of chancery. This kind of le-
gislation would never do for a Territory. Wo
cannot know the wants and necessities of the
people of the Territory, but we can delegate this
power to a tribunal which will put down these
abuses, without any direct interference on the part
of Congress. Such is the policy of this bill. I
have serious objections to any attempt on the part
of Congress to inaugurate a system of direct and
immediate legislation for the Territories.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow me two
minutes to indicate an amendment which I pro-
pose to offer ?
Mr. NOELL. Not just now. I am nearly
through. My only object in calling up the mo-
tion to reconsider was to submit, in this hasty
manner, the few remarks which I have submit-
ted. I am satisfied that it is the sense of the House
that some remedy should be applied to these evils.
There is a bill already pending before the House
to punish polygamy, and to abrogate certain of
the local statutes of Utah; but it is a measure
which would be dangerous in its effects hereafter
as a precedent; and I cannot conscientiously give
it my support. The remedy which I propose I
believe would be an effective one, without involv-
ing any violation of principle; and when a vote of
the House can be had upon it, at the proper time,
I trust some such measure will be enacted.
Having now, sir, accomplished the object I had
in view, 1 withdraw the motion to reconsider,ana
will allow the bill to go to the Committee on Ter-
ritories. , . ,
Mr. COBB. I object to the withdrawal of the
