1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion. Charles VII., of Prance, I believe, secured
the liberty of the Galilean church by a pragmatic
sanction; and, I think, Charles VI., the Emperor
of Germany, secured a throne to his daughter by
a pragmatic sanction, as it was called; but it be-
longs to this day and to this generation and to this
people and to the nineteenth century and to tfae
Senatorfrom Illinois to be setting up with the
prerogatives of royalty, and dictating to the Dem-
ocratic party. He does not, forsooth, sanction
any interpolations!
Why, sir, the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] the other day spoke of him-as assuming
all the power, the pride, pomp, and circumstance
of royalty, and occupying thcposition Louis XIV.
of France did, when he said "the State, that's
me." But, sir, Louis XIV. himself, when he
came to die, acknowledged his error, though his
sin might .not have been forborne him, for on that
solemn occasion he said: u 1 die; but the State will*
live forever." But Judge Douglas, whom the
Senator asks us to kill, and whose hleeding corpse
he begs that we shall send back to the Northwest,
over which I suppose he will make such a speech
as was made over that of Caesar, his bleeding
wounds each speaking—he, sir, will iind that he
is dead, and that the Democratic party is alive,
and will live, his efforts to destroy it to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator give way.to
an adjournment? We cannot get through to-night.
Mr. W1GFALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 22, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
Mr. COLFAX. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. DA WES. 1 rise to a privileged question.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the regular order
of business?
The SPEAKER. It is the call of committees
for reports. *
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I call for that order
of business.
MISSOURI CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privilege.
The Committee of Elections, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of F. P. Blair, jr., contest-
ing the rii?Ut of J. R. Barrett to a seat in this
House, have directed me to make a report, ac-
companied by two resolutions. I suppose there
will be a minority report. If so, I ask that both
of these reports be printed, i will say to the
House, that it is the desire of the committee, at
the earliest practicable moment after the reports
have been printed, to call them up for action.
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 desire simply to state, in
reference to this matter, that the chairman of the
Committee of Elections, [Mr. Gilmer,] who is
not now in his seat, has a minority report which
he desires to make. It will be presented to-day,
and I hope it will be printed with the majority
report.
No objection being made, the majority and mi-
nority reports were ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent,from the
same committee, introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolccd, That Hon. F. P. Blair, jr., have leave to oc-
cupy a seat upon the floor of this House, pending the dis-
cussion of the report of the Committee of Elections in the
case of Ins contest for the seat now occupied by Hon. J.
Richard Barrett, from the first congressional district of the
State of Missouri, and that he have leave to speak to the
merits of said contest, and the report thereon.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GROW, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the House the dis-
charge of Elisha Mathewson, a revolutionary
soldier.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC SYSTEM.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
make a report from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs upon an important subject recommended
by the State Department. My object is to have
the bill which I shall report printed.
No objection being made,
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, reported a bill
to amend an act to regulate the consular and diplo-
matic systems of the United States; which wasread
a first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. COLFAX, f believe the regular order of
business is reports of committees. Under that
head the Pacific telegraph bill comes up, as un-
finished business. Itwasunderconsideration some
two or three weeks ago.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman cannot call
up that bill, as it is not unfinished business. The
bill went to the Speaker's table, as the gentleman
demanded the previous question, which the House
failed to sustain.
Mr. COLFAX. A motion to recommit is pend-
ing, and that saves the bill and brings it up.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not know what the
Journal of the Clerk will show; but I know that
the motion to recommit was not entered before
the gentleman from Ohio moved to go into the
Committee ofthc Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman is mistaken.
The gentleman from Ohio did not move at all to
go into the Committee of the Whole. It was the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.]
The bill was reported by its title, as follows:
A bill (S. No. 84) to facilitate communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States by elec-
tric telegraph, with amendments proposed by the
Committee on the 3?ost Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask if that is the
regular order of business? If it is, I shall not
object.
The SPEAKER. It is, if it is called up.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The Chair
stated that reports of committees were in order.
This is a report of a committee; and whenever
you proceed to the regular order of business that
bill comes up.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be road for
the information of the House.
The Clerk read the 58th rule, as follows:
" Tilt; consideration of the unfinished business in winch
the House may be engaged at an adjournment shall be re-
Mimed us soon as the Journal of the next day is rend, and
at the same time each day thereafter unui disposed of; and
if, from any cause, other business shall intervene, it chall
be rcsunied as soon as such other business disposed of.
And the consideration of ail oth« r unfinished business shall
be resumed whenever the cla^s of business to which it be-
long shall be in ordei under the rules."
Mr. COLFAX. I think there can be no ques-
tion, under the ruie, that this is the regular order
of business.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to inquire 
Mr. COLFAX. I decline to yield the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I rise to a question of
privilege. I want to know what the Journal of
this House says in reference to the position of
this bili; and I want the Speaker's attention while
I give my recollection of the matter, though 1 do
not set up my recollection against the Journal.
Mr. COLFAX. I would like to know whether
that is a question of privilege. The Journal is
before the gentleman, and he can look at it him-
self.
Mr. BURNETT. Whether this bill comes up
or not depends altogether upon whether a motion
to recommit was entered, if the previous ques-
tion was called, and the House refused to sustain
it, and then the motion was made to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and the House did resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, I take
the position that that action of the House carried
the bill to the Speaker's table.
Mr. GROW. Not under the new rule.
The SPEAKER. The bill is properly before
the House.
Mr. COLFAX. As no appeal is taken from
the decision of the Chair, I will proceed.
I withdraw the motion to recommit, and also
the pending amendment, and offer as a substitute
for the Senate bill, the hill prepared by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. It
was explained in the debate which occupied a
whole day when this bill was before the House
on a former occasion. The Senate bill proposed
to give a subsidy of $50,000 a year to this tele-
graph company for the business which will be
done by them for the Government between some
point or points west of the Mississippi river and
the Atlantic States and the city of San Francisco.
The Post Office Committee have-reduced the sub-
sidy to $40,000per year. The Senate bill allowed
them to charge four dollars per message of tep
words; the Post Office Committee propose to re-
duce that to three dollars. An objection "was
suggested by the gentleman from New York [Mr."
Clark] that a telegraph line might possiblybe
extended by these corporators to Fort Kearny,'
and-that then this company would charge the
three dollars per message from that to San Fran-
cisco. In order to meet that objection, we have
chosen a point equidistant between North and
South, and have fixed St. Joseph, Missouri, as
the point whence messages will be dispatched to
San Francisco at those rates. That will be sat-
isfactory to all sections of the country, as St.
Joseph is in railroad and telegraphic communica- *
tion with all the Atlantic States.
The amendment of the Post Office Committee
also provides that if the incorporators named do
not accept these reduced terms within thirty days,
the Secretary of the Treasury is to advertise for
sealed proposals to build a line. This bill also
requires them to build the line within two years,
or the contract is forfeited. Those who arc famil-
iar with the business communications of the Gov-
ernment between the Atlantic and Pacific coast,
are aware that this bill will not cost the Treasury
one single cent, for those communications will
cost at least forty thousand dollars a year; and
there will, besides, be a great saving to the Gov-
ernment in having instantaneous communication
with the Pacific coast. As I said previously, if
there had been a telegraph to the Pacific during-
the Utah war, we should nave saved, in one year,
the whole amount of the subsidy during the en-
tire contract under this bill. By adopting this
bill, wc compel these corporators to cut down the
charge for private messages from four to three
dollars per message of ten words; and this is the
cheapest telegraph communication in the wholo
world in proportion to distance. If some bill
like this bo not adopted, and a telegraph line be
built slowly during the next decade of years, I
have no doubt that messages will cost from live
to six dollars each. The cost of a message now
from San Francisco to Genoa, in Carson's Valley
—only from three to four hundred miles'distance—
is two dollars. The building of this line, as con-
templated by the bill, will confer untold blessings
on the people of the Atlantic slope "and of our
far distant empire on the Pacific. I now move
the amendment which I have indicated. It is the
same as that first reported by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, except that the
city of St. Joseph is indicated as the point of de-
parture.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I would like to
inquire of the gentleman from Indiana whether it
is the design of this bill to create a monopoly or
grant an exclusive right?
Mr. COLFAX. It is not.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Well, would it
not be well to adopt a proviso that nothing in the
bill contained shall debar the Government from
giving the same privilege to other parties ? The
word " franchise" is used. I do not know what
" franchise" means there, except it means a.mo-
nopoly.
Air. COLFAX. There is no exclusive right
granted. The bill only grants the use of land
over which the line is to be built, and the use of
the stations at every fifteen miles. This question
was discussed in the Senate; and the jurists of
that body came to the conclusion that this does
not grant any monopoly. We have left the text
of that section just as it passed the Senate.
If the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bur-
nett] desires to move the amendment which he
indicated the other day, I will yield to him, and
will then move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana withdraw his amendment?
Mr. COLFAX. Yes; and I am directed by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
unanimously to offer the revised amendment
which I have sent up.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not desire to indulge in
any lengthened remarks in reference to the bill
now pending before us. If gentlemen will ex-
amine the bill, they will find it is one of great
importance, and which, in my judgment, ought
not to reccive the favorable consideration of this
