1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3193
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motions to
agree and disagree are equivalent; and if the
motion of the Senator from Florida is rejected,
that vote is an agreement with the action of the
House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the question may
just as well be taken in one form as another.
Mr. HAMMOND. I have been heretofore
disposed to vote for this House bill", but I have
discovered (when it is too late for amendment, I
am told, unless the amendment comes from a
commiltee of conference) that it is so worded that
no route is restored which has expired by its own
limitation; and it so happens that in ten of the
States, beginning in Pennsylvania and running
South, the contracts expired last July.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The House amend-
ment is still open to amendment.
Mr. HAMMOND. But the provision to which
I refer is in the House bill, as I understand. ^ It is
in the first section and twelfth line of the printed
bill before me", in which I would like to put the
amendment. I should like to know whether that
would be m order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The Chair will inform the
Senator from South Carolina that no amendment
can now be made to the body of the bill; but the
amendment of the House may be amended.
Mr. HAMMOND. I believe this is in the
body of the bill itself. The clause as it is, is only
a partial lestoration of the scrvice. Three north-
ern States—Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New Jer-
sey—and Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida,
are left out by the terms of this bill. Unless it
can be amended, I shall certainly vote against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend-
ment to the body of the bill is not in order. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Florida to disagree to die House amendment, nn<l
ask for a conference upon the disagreeing votes ot
the two Houses.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina that, if this amendment
prevails, the Postmaster General will have aright
to restore the service if he wants to do so and it
is in his opinion necessary. Without amending
the bill, 1 say the discretion is given to the Post-
master General to restore the service if he pleases.
Mr. TOOMBS. The objection which the Sen-
ate took to this bill is well founded, and still sub-
sists. We are called upon to restore the whole
body of discontinued service that has notcxpired,
without knowing what we are doing, without a
single inquiry, without a reference to a commit-
tee; and for no other purpose, I presume, but be-
cause gentlemen have determined to put back the
service, at the bidding of contractors, where it has
been discontinued." I do not think such legisla-
tion could possibly get a vote in this body, if it
were not for considerations of that kind. •
Mr. HAMMOND. I find that the House
amendment reported last, which I had not seen
when I was up before, does embrace the vei y
passage that I should like to strike out; and there-
lore the amendment which I before suggested is
in order. 1 move, in line eleven of the House
amendment, to slrike out the words " unless the
same have expired by their own limitation."
Mr. BRAGG. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. 1 wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from South Caiolina a difficulty which^ his
amendment will produce, although its object is to
obtain justice. It shows the viciousness of this
whole legislation. He proposes that we shall re-
store the service as it was on the 4th of March, 1859,
whether the contracts on the routes have expired
or not. In the lettmgs in ten States since, there
have been changes in the amount of scrvice;
changes m the routes by which the post offices
have been furnished; changes in the giade of
service; and new contracts have been made which
supplied all the offices that were then m existence
upon particular routes. Now it is proposed to
restore all the old service, so that you will have
double service in operation on many of the routes.
That is the simple effect of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not understand any
such thing as the Senator from Florida suggests.
There is no more difficulty in restoring service on
a route, if you have got another contract, than
where you discontinue the service. Say there is
a route numbered 2000. You had a contractor
upon it; he had a certain rate of service, so many
times a week. His contract expires, and another
contractor takes it. That very contract contains
a provision for setting up the service, and that
same service can be restored just as well as if the
old contractor had staid there. It makes no dif-
ference.
Mr. YULEE. If the post offices were supplied
by service upon precisely the same routes it would
not; but I will give the Senator a case—a case
which the report of the Postmaster General fur-
nishes us—where offices were supplied by steam-
boat ata high cost, and the same offices have been
supplied under a new arrangement by land ata
small cost. Under the operation of this provision,
he must restore the old service. That is an illus-
tiation.
Mr COLLAMER. I understand the proposi-
tion, and I intended to confine my remarks to the
amendment moved %y the Senator from South
Carolina, which is the question before us. The
remark which was made by the Senator from
Florida in relation to the inconvenience of restor-
ing scrvice does not apply merely because there are
new contractors. The exception which was in the
bill, that the restoration of service should not ex-
tend to those contracts that had expired by their
own limitation, the Senator from South Carolina
moves merely to strike out. You can just as well
restore the service where new contractors have
taken these routes, as you could if the old con-
tractors had remained. It disturbs nothing atall.
Thegentleman suggests that there may be found
cases where they have been superseded by other
provisions for the'service. That is provided for
m another part of the bill. There is already a
provision that the old set vice is not to be re-
stored where it has been superseded by railroad or
other service. The remarks of the Senator from
Florida, as I understand the case, do not at all
constitute any sort of objection to adopting the
amendment proposed by the Senator from South
Carolina. The routes may be restored just as
well, I say, under a new contract as underan old
one.
Mr. HAMMOND. I think the Senator from
Florida must apprehend that this is to restore the
contractors 
Mr. YULEE. No, sir.
Mr. HAMMOND. It is simply torestore the
service, and not the contractors, and I do not see
why it should work any greater difficulty to re-
store those whose contiacts expired in July than
those whose contracts did not expire. My ob-
ject is to put all the States on an equal footing,
and I will not agree, as far as my vote goes, to
restore the postal service in twenty-three States
and not in the other ten. 1 should have preferred
the amendment of the Senatorfrom Florida. That
is as far as 1 was disposed to go, tor 1 did not feel
disposed to vote anything that looked like a vote
of censure on the I'osi Office Department, becausc
I think it has been managed as ably as was pos-
sible, under the circumstances. 1 do not think,
however, the Postmaster General should have at-
tempted to organize any permanent reforms m
his Department,under the stringent circumstances
in which he was placed at the close of the last
session,by the loss of thcappropriation bill. That
was not a'time to organize with a view to perma-
nent improvements. He should have done, as he
did, the best he could do temporarily, with a cer-
tain knowledge that Congress would, at the next
session, restore the appropriations. He knew
how the bill was lost here, by what I thought a
rather unnecessary squabble between the two
Houses, and that there was no intention, by re-
fusing that appropriation, to break up the De-
partment or to institute any reforms in the postal
service, and I do not think it is any censure on
lum to ask him to restore that service. I should
suppose it would rather relieve him from many
embarrassments in the restoration, and I regret
that any one should regard it as a reflection on
him.
My idea of postal reform, m one word, is this:
there is no postal reform that you can make, un-
less you begin by doubling the postage. The
deficiency is nearly equal to the income; and it is
impossible to reform the Post Office Department,
and make it self-supporting, without doubling the
postage. All other plans are absurd. But of all
things, I would not pinch, in the way of reform,
the saddle-bag mails of the country. I think the
Post Office ought to double the postages, andthen
retrench on thegreat mammoth routes along which
the people get the news three times a day; "but I
would, if possible, run a saddle-bag mail to every
man's house in the country. That would be my
view of reform in carrying on the Post Office De-
partment, instead of striking at the weak routes,
as has been done so often. But I do not see,Mr.
President, how it is possible that there can be any
more difficulty in restoring the service, Where con-
tracts have expired, than in restoring it where
they have not, inasmuch as the same sort of con-
tracts have been made; and the provision is to
restore not the contractor, but the contract.
Mr. YULEE. The objection I suggested, I
think, is a good objection, and perfectly tenable.
The provision of the House is, that—
" The Postmaster General is hereby directed to restore
the inland seivice on all the routes under contract on the
4tll of March, 18o9."
And then come the words which the Senator
from North Carolina proposes to strike out:
" Unless tlie same have expired by their own limita-
tion"—
And it goes on—
" or where improved service over saiil routes has been
furnished by railroads, or otherwise."
The point I make is this: routes, at every let-
ting, more or less—I do not know how many in-
stances there may be of it in the case of these ten
States—are abandoned, and the same offices are
supplied otherwise, by changed routes and new
routes; yet, under this bill,you require a restora-
tion of service on all routes under contract on the
4th of March, "except where improved service
over said rou tes'y<  u d o not say,4' exccpt where
the offices are supplied by other service"—-but
" except where improved .service over said routes
has been furnished by railroads, or otherwise;"
that is, where you have given them coaches, in-
stead of saddle-bag mails. There may be instances,
doubtless there arc some; and if there are any, it
makes the legislation wrong, and it shows now
much in the dmk we are legislating.
Mr. HAMMOND. The plain effect of this
bill is simply this: it will cost the Government a
month's pay upon those routes that the Post-
master General does not choose to continue. We
recommend him to restore them; and I prefer the
Senator's recommendation that he should restore
such as, in his judgment, he thought necessary;
but if he puts them every one just as they were
last March a year, he can discontinue them the
next day by giving a month's notice, and the
utmost inconvenience that would arise would be
tlie compensation of one month's pay under the
contract; and that, perhaps, is a penalty that we
ought to pay for our legislation last year, which
has put this country to such great inconvenience.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I shall vote
against the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina, with the intention of voting against the
amendment proposed to be amended. I think
this whole subject ought to be left to the Post-
master General, or at least he ought to have a venr
large discretion. 1 shall vote against the a-mend-
mcnt proposed by the Senator from South Car-
olina, and then against the amendment of the
House.
The question being taken by yens and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Mes^. Bayard, Kright, Biown, Cameron, Chea-
i nut, Collamer, JJmkre, Fes&enden, Fitcb, Iitzpatrickj
Foot, Foster, Hammond, Ivcrson, Kennedy, Mason, Sew-
ard, Simmon1*, Thomson, and Toombs,—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Hiasg, Chandler, Clark, Crittenden,
Davi-, Poolittle.Gwiu, Haiian, Ilcmplrilh Johnson ofTen-
iip««cp Pparce, I'olk, Powell, Rico, Sebastian, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Yulce—21.
So the amendment of Mr. Hammond was re-
jected.
Mr YULEE. For the purpose of testing the
sense of the Senate upon this particular clause in
this provision made by the House with legald to
the payment to the contractors, I propose, in the
House amendment, to strike out all after the word
"otherwise," in-line thirteen, down to and in-
cluding the word"*' ordered," in lino sixteen. The
words to be stricken out are " and where the ser-
vice has been actually performed by the contractor
upon curtailed routes, notwithstanding such cur-
tailment, the Postmaster General shall pay the
contractors as if no changc had been ordered.
