2250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
House. The objections to it are numerous. The
first objection to it is that it creates a monopoly in
the matterof telegraphic communications between
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts. It not only does
that, but notwithstanding the fact, which is well
known to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, that a line of telegraphic communication
is now being erected, and will soon be completed
over this region, we are here conferring by this
bill extraordinary powers and exclusive privileges
on this company. That of itself ought to be suf-
ficient to defeat this bill.
Now, with a view of perfecting this measure—
if it is to pass—with a view of at least leaving it
within our own power to so regulate and control
this matter in regard to telegraphing that all the
people of the country may have a fair and equal
.opportunity of competing for this privilege and
for this bonus of $40,000 per annum from the pub-
lic Treasury, I propose to strike from this bill
the names of the corporators, who are the presi-
dents of the various telegraphic companies m the
country, and who have a complete monopoly of
the business. 1 am for breaking down that mo-
nopoly, and for giving to it no greater or more
enlarged powers than it now has.
This bill proposes to give to the presidents of
these telegraph companies, not only a subsidy of
§40,000 per annum, but the exclusive control of
telegraphic lines from this to the Pacilic coast,
with the right of way over the public domain, and
with one hundred and sixty acres of land every
fifteen miles. It proposes to increase the power
of a monopoly which is already oppressive to the
commercial interests of the country. I propose,
then, to strike out the names of the corporators.
Why do I propose to do that? Ours is a coun-
try noted for its enterprise; and I propose to
throw it open to the entire people of our country
to bid for these privileges. Hence, I desire to
offer an amendment to the first section of the bill;
and let me say that these amendments were offered
some time since, and I understood that on order
was made that they should be printed; and it
seems strange that, in my absence, they have not
yet been printed. I had hoped that they would
have been in the hands of every gentleman hore.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] who is now absent, and myself, looked
over tnis bill, and 1 understood him to concur fully
in the amendments which I offered. I hope that
gentlemen who intend to vote for the bill will
give us their attention, so that we may, at least,
pcrfcct the bill before we pass it.
I propose to amend the fiist section of the bill
by striking out the following words:
"To contract with Zenas Barnuni, Thomas 1\. Walker,
John H. Hcrryhill, Hirain Sililcy, Norviu (iteen, John D.
Caton, Frcd'Tic A. 15ee, <;haili'*  M. tftrbhms-, ;uid James
Graham, or their as-sign*, or .1 majonty of .viul contract-
ors or assigns,"
And inserting in lieu thereof, the following:
To advertise for sealed proposals, to he received for thirtv
days after advertisement, and the lulfillnient of which shall
1)0 guaidutifd by responsible parties, as in the ca>o of bids
for mail contracts.
That will enable the capital of the country, and
its enterprising citizens everywhere, to come m
and offer to erect this line of telegraph to the Pa-
cific at the lowest bid. That is my object.
My next amendment is, to strike out, in lines
eighteen, nineteen, and twenty, the following
words:
"At an annual rate of compensation, not exceeding
§10,000."
And insert in lieu thereof, the following:
And shall award the coutj.ict to Ihc lowest responsible
bidder or bidders, provided 'nirh profier does not tcqinre a
larger amount per yearlrom tile Government than §-10,000.
And also to insert, after the word " parties,"
in line twenty, the words: " to whom said con-
tract may be awarded."
Now, it does seem to mc that those amend-
ments must strike the mind of every member of
the House as just and proper. The first author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to receive
sealed proposals, as in the esse of bids for mail
contracts, those sealed proposals to be guarantied
by responsible parties; and then the Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized to award a contract for
the building of this telegraphic line to the lowest
bidders, provided that the amount paid therefor
is not greater than forty thousand dollars a year.
Can there be any objection to those amendments?
Yotihavo already aline of telegraph to the Pacific
in process of completion. I believe it is con-
structed for some five hundred miles without one
dollar of Government aid.
I propose, also, to strike out the fourth section
of the bill, which is as follows:
" Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if the persons
herein named, or a majority of them, fad to file their ac-
ceptance with the Secretary of the Treasury within thirty
days after the parage and approval of this act, the said
Secretary is hereby direetpd to advertise lor sealed propo-
sals, to be received for thirty days thereafter, (and the ful-
fillment of which shall be guarantied by responsible parties,
a& in the ca.->e of bids for mail contracts,) to build the line
or lines herein authorized, with the franchises hereby prof-
fered. and under the limitations and conditions herein
stated ; and shall award the same to the lowest responsible
bidder or bidden*, provided such proffer does not require a
larger amount per year from the Government than the
amount herein stated."
There is no necessity for that section, if we
throw this open to competition.
And I propose to add, at the end of the bill,
the following:
Jlnd provided further, That Congress shall, at any time,
have the right to alter or amend this act, so as to reduce
the tariff of prices for transmitting messages over said line
or lines of telegraphs.
In this bill, as it stands, there is no right re-
served to Congress to alter or amend the act, so
far as the tariff of charges is concerned.
Now, let me say to gentlemen, th&tif you adopt
my amendment, you will find that competent and
responsible parties in the country—men of capi-
tal and enterprise, men who understood this whole
system of telegraphing, from its inception down
to the present time—will build this line from here
to the Pacific coast, if you will give them only the
right of way, and grant them one hundred and
sixty acres of laud, as proposed in this bill, every
fifteen miles, for stations. If that is the ease, are
you prepared to vote $40,000 annually, from the
public 1 reasury, to confer these exclusive priv-
ileges upon the presidents of the various tele-
graphic companies in the country, and vote them
$400,000 out of the public Treasury, when they
already form an overgrown monopoly, possess-
ing exclusive privileges, and exercising them op-
pressively upon every interest in the country ?
If I had time—and if I had prepared myself for
that purpose—I think I could demonstrate to the
satisfaction of the House that the present system
of telegraphing in this country, which is managed
and controlled by some eight companies, is most
oppressive, and one of the most perfect and com-
plete monopolies that exists in the country in
. reference to any branch of business. And yet
gentlemen propose to increase those powers, and
to add to the wealth of these companies, by giving
them the lino of telegraph to the Pacific slope,
and voting to private individuals out of the public
Treasury a bonus of $400,000 in money.
Gentlemen say that that amount will be re-
turned to us in the shape of telegraphic commu-
nications to be sent by the Government. I say
that it is no part or parcel of the business of the
Congress of the United States to be aiding, by
appropriations from the public Treasury, private
interests for the purpose of building up a monop-
oly. That is the effect of this bill, I care not what
its purpose may bo. The presidents of these
various telegraph companies come here and ask
us to voce them from the public Tieasury $40,000
per annum, in the shape of a bonusjfoi it is noth-
ing else. This money is to be voted to them,
and they are to have the exclusive right of way,
and one hundred aiul sixty acres every fifteen
miles to erect stations; and this is to be done when
the line can he erected by permitting bids to be
filed in the Treasury Department, and a contract
given to the lowest bidder. I now offer my
amendments; and in accordance with what I un-
derstand to be the wish of the gentleman from
Indiana, I demand the previous question.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The gentleman
from Indiana assents to this amendment to the bill;
to add to the first section:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall confer
upon the paities hereinbefore named any exclusive right
to construct a telegraph to the Pacific, or to debar the Gov-
ernment of the United States from granting, fiom time to
tune, similar franchises anil privileges to other parties.
Mr. COLFAX. We agree to that amendment;
and now, if gentlemen wish to vote the bill down
they can do so. We have been talking about a
telegraph to the Pacific for ten years, if gentle-
men want a telegraph, they can vote for it now;
if not, they can vote it down.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to correct a little
injustice that I did just now. I stated that it was
strange to me that the amendments which I had
proposed had not been printed, i made that state-
ment from the fact that the gentleman from In-
diana and myself both sent to the document-room
two or three times for the amendments, and we
w$re told that they had not been printed. I find,
however, that they have been printed; and it
gives me pleasure to withdraw the remark which
I made in reference to the Public Printer.
Now, sir, one more remark, and I will renew
the demand for the previous question. I beg par-
don for again troubling the House. I forgot one
point when I was before up. The amendment
which has been offered by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads provides that if, at the
rate allowed in the bill, the messages sent by
the Government exceed §40,000 per annum, the
amQunt of excess, is to be reported to Congress;
thereby creating the presumption in favor of these
parties who are to build this line, that Congress
is to pay them such amount, whatever it may be,
over and above the amount of $40,000 perannum.
No limitation, no condition, is placed in the bill,
that no larger amount shall be paid; but, on the
contrary, the presumption is, as I have said, that
this bonus of §40,000 is to be increased on the
part of the Government to any extent that the
messages sent by the Government may amount
to. I now yield the floor to the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. COLFAX. I only desire to say, in reply
to the last argument made by the gentleman from
Kentucky, that it seems to me it entirely over-
turns all his former argument. His argument
before was mainly to the point that the business
of the Government would not amount to $40,000
a year at the rate of charges allowed in this bill.
He now argues that the amount will exceed
$40,000 a year, and that, therefore, more than that
sum will be likely to be paid by the Government.
It seims to me that one argument overturns the
other. I now renew the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. COLFAX. I will hear the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. ^
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object, unless the bill can
be open for general discussion. I object to any
yielding of the fioor.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, as I understand, desires to have a pro-
vision inserted that, in case the line is broken, the
Government shall not pay the amount. 1 will
say to the gentleman that his object is already
accomplished in the bill. In the thirtieth line, it
is provided " that no such contract shall be made
until the said line shall be in actual operation,
and payments thereunder shall cease whenever the
parties fail to comply with their contract."
Mr. MoKNIGHT. That refers, as I under-
stand it, to the building of the line.
Mr. COLFAX. It refers both to the building
of the line and keeping it in working older. I
insist on mv demand for the previous ouestion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question in relation to the textofthis
bill, that I may vote understandingly. As my
impression now is, I am inclined to vute against
the bill. The explanation of the gentleman from
Indiana, however, may change that impression.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to debate, unless the
qrevious question is withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order, if it
is objected to.
t Mr. BURNETT. For the purpose of saving
time, and testing the sense of the House, I move
to lay the bill and amendments on the table; and
upon that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I should be very
glad if the gentleman from Kentucky would wait,
before he makes that motion, till he has the floor
for that purpose. I am now in possession of it.
Mr. BURNETT. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I did not know that he was on the fioor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The question I pro-
pound to the gentleman from Indiana is this- 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is not my objection sustained
by the Chair?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What objection?
The SPEAKER. The objection that no debate
is in order pending the demand for the pievious
question.
