1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maroh 22,
motion to reconsider. I want the vote reconsid-
ered in order that I may offer the following amend-
ment to the bill:
Strike out ail after the word " assembled," in the second
line, and insert the following:
That the third and fourth sections of the act entitled "An
act to establish a territorial government for Utah," approved
9th September, 1850, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
I object to the withdrawal of the motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri had a right to withdraw the motion to recon-
sider, and he has withdrawn it.
Mr. COBB. Then 1 renew it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that the gentleman from Missouri had no
right to withdraw the motion to reconsider, if I
objected. If he had the right, I renew the mo-
tion.
Mr. McCLERNAND obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. COBB. Bo I understand that the gentle-
man from Missouri has a right to withdraw his
motion to reconsider, if objection be made ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had the right
to withdraw his motion to reconsider.
Mr. COBB. I then renew the motion to recon-
sider; and now I offer this amendment to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not in
order. The bill is not before the House.
Mr. COBB. Very well; I then give notice that
if the motion to reconsider is carried, I will offer
f an amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order;
I submit that this bill, having been presented on
the day before yesterday by the gentleman from
Missouri, by unanimous consent, with the ex-
press understanding that it was only for the pur-
pose of reference, it is not in order to bring it
back before the House by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. COBB. I suppose it is too late to make
that question of order.
Mr. BRANCH. If the Speaker decides that
my point of order is not well taken, I give notice
that I shall object in future to the introduction of
any bill by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. If tiiat was the understand-
ing when the bill was introduced, the Chair thinks
the point raised by the gentleman from North
Carolina is well taken.
Mr. GROW. That was the statement made
when the bill was introduced, that it was for ref-
erence only.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will'rule that
the motion to reconsider cannot be received.
Mr. NOELL. I will say that my only object
in makiog the motion to reconsider was to secure
the opportunity of making the remarks which I
have submitted, and I have myself 110 desire to
renew the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rise to a question of
order. I ask-if the Chair did not recognize me
as entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did recognize the
gentleman.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire, then, to ad-
dress some remarks to the House upon the motion
to reconsider, made by the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
fentleman from Illinois; but there was nothing
efore the House upon which he could speak.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is conceding the
whole point. The Chair says I am entitled to the
floor; and I now renew the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
motion to be out of order.
JOSHUA EDDY.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
moved that the Committee of the Whole House
be discharged from the further consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 246) for the relief of the heirs
of Joshua Eddy; and that the same be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
NEBRASKA RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill of the House
(No. 210) granting lands in the Territory of Ne-
braska to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads therein; the pending question being on the
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands; upon which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Davis] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that when the committees were last called
for reports, a bill had been reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, upon which a motion to
recommit is pending, and the previous question
demanded. I think that bill is the business first in
order, and that the Nebraska railroad bill will
come up when that bill has been disposed of, it
having been postponed to a day which has already
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say that the
Nebraska railroad bill was set down for a day
which has passed.
Mr. GROW. And therefore loses its place.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. This
bill having been first reported, the Chair thinks it
is entitled to priority. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Davis] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I supposed that the
Chair conceded the motion to reconsider to be in
order, from the fact that the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Noell] addressed the House upon
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The point was not made
until the gentleman from Missouri had concluded
his remarks.  
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I now ask for the
consideration of the Nebraska bill.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Indiana if it is his intention to ask
for a vote of the House upon this bill to-day?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That is my mten-
tion.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I wish to ask if it
is the gentleman's intention to offer the Kansas
bill as an amendmcnPto it?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I wish to ask the
gentleman further, if the modification yesterday
made by the Committee on Public Lands is in the
bill ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is not.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Then I ask if it is
the gentleman's intention to have the bill post-
poned for the further consideration of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have no objection
to postponing the consideration of the bill until
some future iy, if such is the wish of the House.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Indiana will permitme, I will offer an amend-
ment to the bill; and I am willing that a vote shall
be taken upon it without debate, and at once. If
the gentleman will permit me, I will have it read
for information.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Amend by adding the following as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be, and is
hereby, granted to the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas
alternate sections of the public lands, to the same extent,
and in the same manner, and upon the same limitations
and restrictions in every respect, as are specified in the pre-
ceding &eenons of this act, to aid in constructing a 1 ail load
from Fort Kearny, in Nebraska Territory, via Maryviile, to
the town of Elivvood, in Kansas Territory.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Now, if the gen-
tleman will permit me, I will ask for a vote of
the House upon that amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have been instructed
by the Committee 011 Public Lands to report an
amendment to the amendment which is already
pending to the bill. I presume that an amend-
ment in the third degree will not be admitted,
and without the consent of the committee, I can-
not assume the responsibility of allowing the gen-
tleman from Missouri to offer his amendment.
Of course thatamendmentmeetsmy approbation;
but I am here, in reference to this bill, as the
organ of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will say, if the
gentleman will allow me, that the Committee on
Public Lands did hold a meeting, at which the
gentleman from Indiana was not present, being,
as I understand, too unwell to attend, in which a
modification of the amendment was made, and
the amendment which the gentleman now holds
in his hand is not, therefore, the expression of a
majority of the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. In order to settle this
matter, if it meets the unanimous consent of the
House I will make a proposition that this bill be
further postponed, in order to give the Committee
on Public Lands an opportunity to act definitely
upon the matter; for there seems to be some mis-
apprehension as to what has been the action of
the committee. This bill will take up some time;
and not desiring to be in the way of other busi-
ness before the House, if it is the unanimous wish
of the House 1 will now move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until Tues-
day next, at two o'clock. If that postponement
take place, other business can go on this morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I am willing
that the further consideration of the bill should be
postponed; but I put it to the gentleman whether
we had not better put the bill in a position where
it can be amended? I understand, from the col-
loquy which has just taken place between the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Craig] and the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] that there is now
an amendment pending to an amendment; and
that is as far as amendment can be now received
under the rules of the House; so that, if the pre-
vious question be moved, other amendments which
gentlemen may desire to present and have the
House act upon will be excluded. It may be pos-
sible that my friend from Georgia, who moved in
a matter of this sort a few days ago, may desire
to get his amendment upon this bill. If the gen-
tleman from Indiana will move that the bill be
recommitted, it will answer the purpose I have in
view. All I desire is that the sense of the House
may be taken upon the various amendments that
gentlemen may desire to present.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I can make no such
bargain. I intend that this bill shall be put upon
its passage. I wish to be very frank about it. I
am perfectly willing that the further consideration
of the bill shall be postponed until next Tuesday,
at two o'clock; that is, if the House is of the be-
lief that it ought not, for this day, to be in the way
of other business. If the House is ready to have
the question at once disposed of, so am I.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, is it in order,
and will the gentleman from India^i agree, that
this bill shall be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union? Or, will the
gentleman allow the motion to recommit to be
entered?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am not willing
that the bill shall be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; for, as is
known to every gentleman acquainted with the
practice under the rules, that will be the end of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think so. If the
friends of the bill are in a majority, they can
reach it in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, as well as in the House. There
are various amendments which gentlemen wish
to offer to this bill; and if the gentleman from
Indiana, and the friends of the bill, will notafford
an opportunity for the presentation of these amend-
ments, by a reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or the entering
of a motion to recommit to the Committee on
Public Lands, I hope that the motion to postpone
will be rejected, and that the bill will be put in a
condition where it can be amended and perfected.
Let the House take charge of the bill itself.
Mr. GROW I will suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana that, under the amendments to the
rules lately adopted, he can call for the previous
question on the motion to postpone, and that de-
mand will not operate upon any o.uestion but the
motion to postpone.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I wish to say a word
further. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to be courteous
to every gentleman upon this floor, and I believe
that I have a reputation for being so; but I can-
not allowthe previous question to be called when
I am upon the floor. Now, what will be the con-
dition of this bill if the motion that its further con-
sideration be postponed be voted down ? Would
I be entitled to the floor, in order to move that the
bill be put upon its passage ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would be
entitled to the floor to make that motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then I am willing
that the question shall be taken at this time upon
the motion that the further consideration of thi3
