1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
at,\ys Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Durtsee, toot,
Gieen, Hemphill, Humcr, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Mason. Nicholson, Peaice, Sebastian, Seward, feimmoiis,
Sumner, Ten Eyelc, Toombs, Wigtall, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—27.
So the motion was not agreed to
CALIFORNIA AND WASHINGTON MAIL.
Mr. LANE. T move to take up the bill (H. R.
No. 715) to establish a mail, six times a week,
from Sacramento, in California, to Olympia, in
the Territory of Washington; and I hope the
Senate will allow it to come up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proper
motion will be to move to postpone the bil now
under consideiation, which is the tariff bill, foi
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration ot
the bill alluded to. , - i i
Mr. SIMMONS. The tariff bill was laid aside
informally for the Post Office bill, and has been
taken up affain I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair an-
nounced the tariff bill as thcfirstbusincss in order;
but a motion is made to postpone it. Does the
Senator from Oregon move to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill now before the Senate, or
the purpose of proceeding with the bill indicated
byMr"LANE. Yes, sir; for thirty minutes, or
only informally. It will lake but a few moments
to pass the bilt that I have named.
The motion was not agreed to.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
338) to provide for the payment of outstanding
Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate
and fix the duties on imports, and for other pur-
^°Mr WILSON. The bill lias not been read yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will pioceed with the reading from the poult at
which the proceedings were arrested by theintet-
vention of other business.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. Is there any Senator who de-
sires the reading of the bill ?
Mr. WILSON. I believe the rule requires tne
bill to be read through. a
Mr. BRIGHT. It must be read, ll insisted
upon; but I do not see anybody paying any at-
tention to it. Even the Senator from Massachu-
setts is not. listening. _ .
Mi. WILSON. I must insist upon it. 1 wish
to have the bill read through.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to make a motion to
postpone the consideration of the bill for the pres-
ent, in older to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution offered by the Senator fiom Indi-
ana [Mr. Fitch] yesterday, or the day before, to
rescind the order taking a recess from four o clock
to six o'clock. I think it is useless to take a
recess from four to six o'clock.
Mr MASON. I think the best way ot testing
whether the Senate intend to remain here to pass
this tariff bill will be to make a motion to adjourn.
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I hope not. .
M" BRIGHT. I desire to inquire of the onair,
if the vote should be in the affirmative, will the
Senate meet at six o'clock this evening, or eleven
o'clock to-morrow? M ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. At eleven
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BRIGHT. I want that understood.
Mr'. MASON. The meaning of the term " ad-
iourn" is to pass over, to go to the n^x' day.
J The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
understanding of the Chair.
The motion was agreed to, there beinp, on
n division—ayes 21, noes 12; and the Senate
adjourned.
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 18(il;
An act (H. R. No. 395) for the relief of Chauncy
W. Fuller; and
An act (S. No. 416) to secure homesteads to
actual settlers 011 the public domain, and for other
purposes.
CORRECTION OP JOURNAL.
Mr. HOARD. I rise to aquestion of privilege.
I notice that 011 the vote last evening, to suspend
the rules to enable the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Nelson] to introduce a resolution in regard
to the printing of reports of investigating com-
mittees, I am recorded as having voted m the
negative. I desire to say that I was not in the
House, and did not vote on that resolution. I
therefore desire to have the Journal corrected 111
that regard.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be corrected
accordingly. The effect of the correction will be
to change the result, and to refer the resolution to
the Committee on Printing.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 20, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr D AVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled .
An act (H.R.No.305) making appropriations
CHEROKEE TREATIES OF 1817, 1818, 1819.
Mr. YANCE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to grant me a favor. I have asked
nothing at all of the House tins session, and 1
have only one bill which affects the interests ot
mv constituents at all. I ask to have taken fiom
the Speaker's table House bill No. 270, to exe-
cute the treaties of 1817,1818, and 1819, with the
Cherokccs, by making provision for the reserva-
tions under the same. I desire to have it recom-
mitted for the purpose of having it again before
the committee. .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. VANCE I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be sub-
mitted at tins time.
OES15KAL HARNEY'S ADMINISTRATION.
The SPEAKER hud before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War , transmit-
ting papers called for by the resolution of the
House of the 12th instant, requesting all corre-
spondence on file 111 the War Department, not
heretofore published, having reference to Gen-
eral Harney's administration of the departments
Oregon; which was laid on the table, and 01'deied
to be printed.
MESSAGE i'ROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, notifying
the House that the Senate had ordered certain
documents to be printed.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENT RILL.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the
^°Mr. BARR. 1 asl: the gentleman from Illinois
to <-nve wnv to 11*10 for n moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have been
applied to by at least twenty gentlemen who want
the floor; and I cannot yield. I desire to have this
matter disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to a membci ot the Committee of
Wavs and Means? . , ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllniois. What does
he desire? ,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill. _ .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield for
thMr!DPAVis, of Maryland. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a bill
authorizing a loan and providing for the redemp-
tion of revenue notes. .
Mr STEVENS, ofPcnnsvlvama. 1 object to it.
Mr'. CRAWFORD. I hope there will be no
°bfe<i-t.1 WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not ob-
ject to the introduction of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
it, no matter where it comes from.
Mr ALDRICH. Will the gentleman from
Illinois give way to me one moment ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to any
^^w/sHBURNE.of Illinois. I submitthe
motion to suspend the j-ules m a somewhat dif-
i ferentform from that m which I submitted it last
nio-ht. There is a rule of the House which per-
I rafts a separate vote to be taken on every item in
a bill providing for internal improvements. My
motion embraces that rule as well as the others.
It is to suspend the rules, so as to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of House bill No.
113, to enable the House to consider the same at
this time, and to dispense with a separate vote on
the various items thereof. •
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a point of order. 1 he
only motion in order is to suspend all rules that
prevent the introduction of this bill.. The rule
specially referred to does not stand in the way of
the introduction of the bill, but secures a right
to members, after the bill is brought before the
House
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made the
suggestion merely to give notice to the House.
It is not necessary at all. My first motion sus-
pends every rule—that particular rule among the
others. .
Mr. BRANCH. It suspends every rule that
stands in the way of the introduction of the res-
ohuion. „ ,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Every rule
whatever.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the gen- .
tleman from Illinois to suspend that question for
the present, in order to allow the gentleman from
Maryland to present his bill, and to give him an
opportunity, if there be objection, to move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of reporting it to
the House for consideration. We can adjourn
at six o'clock to-day, if the House pass that bill
now 1 therefore ask the gentleman from Illinois,
without losing his right to go on with the ques-
tion which he submits to the House, to allow the
gentleman fiom Maryland to submit a motion
touching general legislation, that the House may
vote upon it, and determine whether or not it Will
take it into consideration at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 am very
willing to do that, if 1 can have the floor after-
wards" [Cries of "No objection!"] Very well;
if that be the understanding, I will yield the ilooi.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland can move to suspend the rules, without
prejudice to the rights of the gentleman from
Illinois. , , T11.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois withdraws his motion for that purpose, he
will be entitled to it afterwards. ■
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. How will
he be entitled to it?
The SPEAKER. By courtesy.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Do 1 un-
derstand the Chair to say beforehand that the
gentleman from Illinois is entitled to the floor,
whether he rises to claim it or not?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Davis 1 is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MOORHKAD. I object to any such ar-
rangement as that.
The SPEAKER. There is no arrangement.
The gentleman from Maryland has the floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I object to suspending the
rules for the purpose of introducing a loan bill.
We have already passed a loan bill through th is
House, ill connection with a tariff or revenue bill,
that will provide the means for paying the inter-
est on the loan; and 1 am in favor of adhering to
th<Mr.°DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to suspend
the rules to enable me to introduce a bill author-
izing a loan, and providing for the redemption of
Treasury notes, with a view to put it upon its
PaMrf STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The bill, which authorizes a loan of$rfl)00i),UUU,
W The question was then taken on the suspension
of the rules, and there were—yeas 100, nay b5; as
follows:
VP Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Allen, Alley, Avery,
Pail-t/lile jjurr, liocock, Bonhain, Botelcr, Bouligny,
noVCC Bram:h Brhtow, Buftmton, Burcll. Bur-
lingame. Burnett, ISurnliain. Biitteifiold, Carey, Clopton,
Colt'av, Cox, Buiton Ciaige, Crawtord. Ci"r5  ' f?"'
H Winter Havis. John G. DdVif. Dawes, De Jarnette, Del-
ano, Dimmick, Dunn, lidse.tnn, Ertmnndson,
Eliot, English, Foster, Fouke, I«rcnch, Gurnett, Gaurc i,
Gooch, Graham, Gurley, Hamilton, J. Morrison Ha"1':
John T. Harm,,, hatton, Houston, William Howard, \\i\-
