1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28T
time since, and so thinking, I shall vote with the
majority of my friends for Charles L. Scott.
Mr. BOUL1GNY. I wish to correct my friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Vance.] He said
that not one American had voted for Mr. Scott.
That is true in one sense; but immediately after
I had voted, I agreed to changc my vote. I now
change my vote from Hon. Miles Taylor to Hon.
Charles L, Scott, of California, and I hope all
of my American friends will do the same.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Desiring, as I
have said on one occasion, at least, to see this
House organized, if possible, and being willing
to vote for any member of the Democratic party,
or of the American party, or of the Whig party,
in opposition to the candidate of the Republican
party, I will change my vote from Thomas L.
Anderson to Charles L. Scott.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Pur the reason as-
signed by my colleague, Colonel McClermand,
I vote for Mr. Scott, of California.
Mr.MONTGOMERY. Mr.Clcrk, there seems
to be a universal desire to concentrate the vote of
the Democratic party upon some member of this
side, and although Mr. Scott would not be my
first choice for Speaker of this House, yet with
the view of concentrating the Democratic vote, I
vote for him, changing my vote from Mr. Ham-
ilton, of"Texas.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I hope that we
shall be allowed to have another vdte to-night.
I am in favor of a speedy organization of this
House. I, for one, am willing, for the purpose
of getting an organization, to vote for John A.
Gilmer, of North Carolina; and I hope other
Democratic members upon this side will do so. I
want the organization effected upon some ron-
servative man.
Mr. JOH N COCHRANE. There is no prob-
ability of the House deciding the question of
Speaker this evening; and I am persuaded that
our sitting here to a later period would be useless.
I therefore interpose a motion, at this point, that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes to four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December ,'SO, 1859.
The Journal of Tuesday last was read and ap-
proved.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS AXI) REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. AVADE, it was
Ordered, That the icpoitof the CouitofClaims, in favor
of the claim of Gcoige Ashley, administiator de bonis nm
of Samuel Holgatc, dcccn^cc], on the files of the Senate, bo
refencrf to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was v.
Ordered^ That the memorial of Joseph IC. Boyd, asking
lemuneiation for aiding in the captmeof liie filiate Phila-
delphia, on thefiU^ of the Senate, be refrried to the Com-
mittee on Churns.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the meuioual of James Fro =t and ElizaA
Johnson, legal lepre-ieiitativerf of John A. Fiost, late a boat-
swain in the Navy, on the file < of the Senate, be letened to
{he Committee on rCaval Affaiis.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the iucmoua! of Ohatlc- J. Bwett, on the
file^ of the Senate, be lei'eired to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. CHESNUT, it was
Ordered. That the petition ofWilham Ilazaid Wigg, piay-
ing compensation for losses in the icvolutionaiy Vox, on
the filed of the Sonata, It.0 lefcrred to tbo Committee on
Revolutjonaiy Claim-..
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the petition ot the Alexandra, Loudoun,
and Ilampshne Railroad Company, psavm^ authonty to
extend a branch of then unid into Geo:a,--town, Distnct of
Columbia, on the files nf the Senate, be reteucd to the Com-
mittee ou'thc District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of David Meriwether, praying
Congiess to pass an act, making an appropnauon fur Jus j
salary as Supeiiutcndent of Indian Affair m the Teintmy i
of New Mexico, finm .Tanuaiy 27, 185-1, to Apul 31, 1857, i
on the file? of the Senate, be lefeueu to the Committee on j
^Claims. ' j
On motion of All*. GRIMES, it was !
Ordered, That the petition of William Colheott. praying 1
remuneiatjon for losses sustained by him m the entry ot j
land, thiough the errors of Government officers, on the .
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Public |
Lands. I
On motion of Mr. IYERSON, it was
Ordered, That all the reports from the Court of Claims,
not heietOfoie disposed of, be lefcired to the Committee on
Claims.
CHANGE OF IIEFEHENCE.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs and
Militia be dischaiged fiom the furthei consideration of
the leport of the Court of Claims in the case of Richard
Fitzpatnck, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce tlie follow-
ing bills:
A bill (S. No. 26) extending the provisions of
"An .act to enable the State of Arkansas and other
States to reclaim the swamp lands within their
limits" to Minnesota; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (S. No. 27) making an appropriation for
building a military post near ihe forty-ninth degree
of north latitude, in or near the valley of the lied
River of the North; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
A bill (S. No. 28) making an appropriation for
the erection in the eity of St. Paul, State of Min-
nesota, of a suitable building for custom-house,
post office, court-rooms, and other offices of the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Oificc
and Post Roads.
NOTICES 01* BILLS.
Mr. RICE gave notice of Ins intention to ask
leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill providing for a temporary government
for the Territory of Dakotah, and for establishing
the office of surveyor general therein; and 1
A bill granting relief to the settlers upon the
Fort Ripley military reservation.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 30, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. R. P. Cutler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LIJIITATI0j\ OF DEBATE, ETC.
The CLERK. The question before the House
is upon the admissibility of the resolution of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Winslow,]
presented on Thursday, Dcccmbcr 22; and upon
that question the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Boyce] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PERRY, t ask the gentleman from South
Carolina to yield me the iloor for the purpose of
having a resolution I design offering read for in-
formation.
Mr. BOYCE. I will yield that the gentleman's
resolution may be read, but for no other purpose.
Tin.* clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That fiom and after thi.< day, until the organ-
ization of ihe Ilou^e by the election of u Spc;\koi,no mem-
ber fchull ot-eupy more than thirty minutes in debate ; nor
frhn.ll any member ?,peak more than once upon any ques-
tion belo/ethe limine, until everyinenibei de inngto speak
hholl have been hoaid. and all motiorw to lay upon the table
to bo decided without debate.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 object to thnt resolution.
Mr. BOYCE then proceeded to address the
House, and spoke for forty-five minutes, yielding
for interrogatory and explanation to Mr. Stan-
ton. Without concluding his remarks—the re-
port of which he withholds until they shall be
completed—he yielded the floor to*—
Mr. STANTON, who said: I do not wish to
trespass too far upon the courtesy of the gentle-
man from South Carolina; but I wish to state what
I understand to be the position of the Republican
party, as a body, in relation to the fugitive slave
law. Now, there are differences of opinion, un-
questionably, among the Republican party as to
what a fugitive slave law should be. 1 know no
man in the Republican party who denies the con-
stitutional obligation to sunendcr or permit the
recapture of fugitive slaves, and to provide eithei
a State or a national remedy for their recapture.
There is a difference of opinion among Rcpubli-
*The entire speech may be found in the House proceed-
ings of Tuesday, January 3, 1W>0.
cans as to whether that provision of the Constitu-
tion makes it obligatory upon the States, through
the State Legislatures, to provide a remedy, or
whether,undertho Constitution,itbelongsto Con-
gress to provide it. I speak so far as to what I be-**
heve to be the opinion of the Republican party
generally. Now, for myself, if it were an original
question, I should hold that it is a power intended
by the Constitution to be vested in the States; but
I am one of those who hold that cotemporaneous
constructions of the Constitution, constructions
that have been acted upon by all departments of
the Government, and acquiesced in by the people,
ought to be recognized. So far, therefore, as I am
concerned, I concede the constitutional power of
Congress to pass a fugitive slave law.
So far as the fugitive siave law of 1850 is con-
cerned, I do not believe it to be constitutional in
its details, in the mode which it provides for
making proof for the recapture of fugitives. I de-
sire to be understood here distinctly, that what I
want is a law which, while it may be available to
the protection of the slaveholder m the recapture
of his slave, may not endanger kidnapping under
color of law, ancl the taking of persons not slaves
by virtue of it. I hold that the judicial power of
the United States is vested by the Constitution in
judges appointed by the President and confirmed
by the Senate; and X hold further, that when the
fugitive slave law authorizes a commissioner ap-
pointed by a judge, not confirmed b-y the Senate,
to issue his warrant for the recapture of a fugitive
slave, and to sit in judgment upon the question as
to whether he be a fugitive skive or not, it is vest-
ing judicial power where the Constitution does
not authorize it to be vested.
Again, I hold it to be unconstitutional in this:
that it deprives a party of the right of habeas corpus
to test the question as to whether the process un-
der which the fugitive is claimed, is a forgery;
whether it be in conformity of law, or whether it
bo not a mere pretext to capture and kidnap and
takfc into slavery a freeman. These provisions of
the fugitive slave law I hold to be unconstitutional.
I know, in point of fact, that that law is grossly
abused in the free States. I know that men are
constantly kidnapped under color of its provis-
ions. I know that a notorious counterfeiter was
arrested in the State of Ohio, and upon his person
were found letters addressed to him by confeder-
ates in the slave States, requesting him to give
them the description of free negroes, and they
would find masters for them. Lawless men take
advantage of the provisions of that law, and it is
because the people of the free States desire to be
advertised whether a party sought to be arrested
is in fact a fugitive slave or not, that the difficulty
about its execution arises.
Mr. BOYCE. Does that practice extend to
Vermont?
Mr. STANTON. I know nothing about Ver-
mont. I am not a citizen of Vermont.
Mr. BOYCE. Then I will ask the gentleman
another question. Does he approve of the per-
sonal liberty bill of Massachusetts?
Mi. STANTON". I do not know anything
about it. I never saw it. 1 would not interpose
any legal obstruction to the proper execution of
a con.stitutional fugitive slave law. The Repub-
lican party has taken no ground upon the fugitive
slave law, and I am giving my own individual
opinions.
Mr. BOYCE. Have they not in your own
State ?
Mr. STANTON. They have taken grounds
against the details of the law of 1850. They have
not pretended to say, and do not claim that a
fugitive slave law, in subordination to the pro-
visions of the Constitution, is unconstitutional.
Mr. BOYCE. Does the gentleman approve of
the personal liberty bill passed by the Republican
party of Ohio?
Mr. STANTON. I do not know what it is.
I do not remember it. I will say this to the gen-
tleman: I do approve of some "State legislation
that shall enable the State authorities, when a
man is ai rested under color of process, to ascer-
tain whether the process is a forgery, or whether
it is m conformity with the provisions of the law.
I holdthat whenever a legal, valid warrantistaken
before a Siote judge, under a State law, issued by
proper authority, which is exhibited, a State court
cannot inquire into whether the party be a slave
or not, and cannot go into the merits of the ques-
