1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1309
strong facts were brought to the notice of the
committee, the application of Mr. Campbell was
refused, and the report of the majority was sus-
tained.
In the case of Newland vs. Graham, referred to
on page 7 of the report of the committee, Hon.
Lynn Boyd, of Kentucky, in making the report
of the majority of the committee, said:
"The committee, after hearing the arguments of the sit-
ting member ami the petitioner, rejected this application.
They could find no precedent it) which an application of a
similar kind, even if made at an earlier period, had been _
granted; but several in which, notwithstanding the exist-"
ence of more favorable circumstances, such applications
had been rejected both by Committees of Election and the
House, without very strong reasons to show the necessity
of lurther proof, (which the committee did not see in this
case,) they considered that the right of contesting a seat in
Congress would be useless and nugatory, if such postpone-
ment and protracted appointments for taking additional
evidence after the meeting of Congress should be allowed
when the parties had already had the same time to take
their depositions, and, as appeared to the committee, a suf-
ficient tim e."
I might adopt the language of Mr. Boyd, and
incorporate it into this report, it nil say to the
House that it would be useless and nugatory for
the contestant to proceed in any case, if, after the
lapse of more than a year, these frivolous appli-
cations for continuance could be entertained by
the Committee of Elections; that it would effect-
ually prevent our progress, and the term would
expire before the rights of the constituencies and
the rights of tl^e respective parties could be de-
termined. There must be a time when confusion
and dilatory pleas shall terminate, and when cer-
tainty shall commence.
I will refer to the action of this House yester-
day to show why the present application should
not be entertained. In the case of Williamson
■vs. Sickles, time was granted for a special reason.
Why? Because that case was not within the pro-
visions of the act of 1851. I wish to call the at-
tention of honorable gentlemen to the fact, that
the case of Williamson vs. Sickles presented a
strong case, in which alleged extensive frauds,
bribery, and corruption, were properly brought to
the notice of the House. Whether they had any
existence or not, in fact, it is for the future to de-
termine. By all the members who argued the case,
it was admitted that, if that case came within the
provisions of the act of 1851, further time ought
not to be allowed to the contestant, Mr. William-
son. The prayer of his petition was only granted
by the House, because he did not come within the
provisions of the act of 1851. There had been no
legal determination of the result. He was clearly
outside of the act; and the whole argument, on
both sides, proceeded upon the admitted basis,
that, if Mr. Williamson came within the provis-
ions of the act, ho was not entitled to further in-
dulgence under the circumstances of the case. If
he was without that act, this House felt it due to
their dignity, as well as to the rights of the par-
ties, to inquire into the allegations contained in
the memorial and the affidavits of his witnesses.
Sir, that case sustains this, and strengthens the
position which we take here. We claim—and it
is admitted by all parties—that this case is within
the act of 1851; and it has proceeded under the
provisions of that act up to this time~ On the other
hand, the case of Williamson vs. Sickles was not
within the provisions of the act of 1851; and so
the House decided.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. With pleasure.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I understand
that the gentleman is discussing the question of
the construction of the act of 1851. I have looked
over the reports in this case and read the evidence,
and I wish to submit a question to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. I understand lhat,underthe
act of 1851, the party against whom itisproposed
to take testimony, is entitled to at least ten days'
notice. The notice given by Mr. Howard to Mr.
Cooper, in relation to the testimony taken on the
last day, was given on the 16th of March, and
the testimony was taken on tlie2Gth. Now,'I sub-
mit tile question, whether, under a fair construc-
tion of the act of 1851, all that testimony would
not "be ruled out by a court having competent juris-
diction, because there were not ten days between
the 16th and the 26th of March ? Has tiie con-
testant, then, complied with the act of 1851 ?
Mr CAMPBELL. I will answer the gentle-
man with pleasure, for I think 1 can satisfy him
that the law has been stiictly complied with, and
that if there is any hardship in the case, it is on the !
part of the contestant. The act of 1851 requires j
that the contestant shall give notice to the sitting
member of the grounds on which lie intends to
contest his right to a seat. Mr. Howard, pro-
ceeding under the letter and'spirit of the law, gave
specific notice that he would attack the poll, for
reasons set forth in the notice, of the second ward
of the city of Detroit, at least sixty days before
he proceeded to take any testimony whatever. I
say, then, first, that Mr. Cooper had ample notice
that his seat would be contested, for grounds and
for reasons which were fully set out in the notice,
and that it was his duty to fortify himself with
proof to resist the attack and to sustain his own
position.
The second branch of my an wer is this: that
on the 14th day of March, ten days before the
expiration of this notice, Edgar's testimony was
taken; and by all the rules of legal computation,
from the 16th of March to 26th of March is ten
days. The 26th being the last day on which
Mr. Howard took testimony, Mr. Cooper had
ample notice of all the testimony to be taken;
and it was his duty to have procured testimony
to rebut Edgar's statements, if such was his in-
tention, or if he desired to impeach the charac-
ter of this witness. It was the duty of Mr. Cooper
to exercise due diligence. The laws are made
for the diligent; they are not made for the neg-
ligent. It was his duty to have procured evi-
dence to impeach the character of Edgar, or any
other witness, if he believed himself able to do
so. Will any gentleman, as a lawyer, contcnd
that, because a party ascertains that a witness
has testified to facts against the interests of his
client, he is, therefore, entitled to delay? that he
has a right to have the cause postponed, because
a witness has not testified to suit him? Yet, sir,
this case has not even that much merit m it; for
Mr. Cooper had ample notice of the -witnesses
who were to be examined, and ample time to
have asceitained the character of Edgar, or any
other witness, and might have rebutted their tes-
timony. But did ho make any attempt to do so?
On the contrary, he expressed himself perfectly
satisfied with all the evidence, and took no steps
to impeach the character of Edgar, or any other
witness. Mr. Cooper was present when the tes-
timony taken by Mr. Howard was given; he
was present by his counsel, a gentleman learned
in the law, perfectly able to advocate and protect
all his interests; and he cross-examined Edgar,
and all the witnesses; but expressed no intention
to impeach the character of any one of them.
Then, sir, I have pointed out the broad distinc-
tion there is between this case and the William-
son and Sickles case; that case being clearly out-
side of the law of 1851, and this being as clearly
within it.
But, sir, I hasten to the conclusion of my re-
marks. The second proposition contained in the
report of the minority proceeds upon the ground
that Mr. Cooper shows his ability by these affi-
davits (which set forth the reasons upon which
his application is based) to impeach the testimony
of Edgar upon two points.
Now, my proposition is that if you allow Mr.
Cooper to take the testimony which lie desires,
it would not touch the merits of this case on any
vital point. It would be totally immaterial if you j
gave his testimony the whole length and breadth ,
of that which he claims for it. It in no wise ;
touches the strength of the case which is presented
for the consideration of the committee. It is con-
ceded, upon both sides, that if these affidavits
do not go to the merits of the case on one side or
the other, so as to procure a different result, or so
as to influence the decision of the case upon its
merits upon one side or the other, then there is no
ground for the application, and no use in consum-
Tng further tune by going into anew investigation
of facts.
Now, sir, the testimony of Edgar goes to the I
extent of nine votes. If you believe the testimony j
of Edear, it has that extent, and no more. It ;
would affect the votes of nine persons given for ;
the sitting member, and no more. Now, the nia- ,
jonty of the sitting member, as returned, is 75; .
'the contestant, by iiis testimony, attacks552votes
given for the sitting member. He attacks votes
given at the different points, as follows: Goose ;
Point, 162 votes; fouith ward, Detroit, 262; sec- i
ond ward, Detroit, 76; fifth ward, Detroit, 1-7;
Van Buren district, 10; and from 25 to 40 Cana-
dian votes—say 25, and they will make 552 votes.
The evidence of Edgar, as I have already said,
which it is sought to impeach, refers to nine votes
only.
Now, sir, the affidavits in reference to the other
branch or point made by the minority of the com-
mittee, are that of J. Logan Chipman, a candidate
for the Senate, and the affidavit of the attorney
of the sitting member, and are offered for the pur-
pose of rebutting the testimony of four witnesses,
(not two, as is inaccurately stated in the report of
the minority,) to wit: the testimony of Larned,
Stebbens, Hornbeek, and Jackson, all relating to
the conduct of parties at the second ward of the
city of Detroit. But, if you reject the testimony
of these four witnesses, still the testimony of the
contestant attacks, by other evidence than the four
witnesses named, some sixty of the seventy-six
majority given for Mr. Cooper at this ward, leav-
ing but sixteen votes, and add to this sixteen the
nine votes tesitfied to by Edgar, and you come to
the result, to wit: that the whole testimony sought
to be taken by Mr. Cooper, and for which pur-
pose delay is asked for, extends to twenty-five
votes out of some five hundred and fifty-two
votes. It has no further extent; so that, if you.
admit all the sitting member proposes to prove, it
would not relieve the sitting member in the slight-
est degree. His application is to take evidence
that is wholly immaterial in the case; and the
committee, bearing in mind that fact, and in view
of the lapse of time which must take place if they
granted the motion, did not think the application
should be granted.
I have now brought to the noticc of the House
the facts of this case. The object of the Commit-
tee of Elections was to proceed fairly and dili-
gently to determine this case, and to bring it be-
ifore the House within a reasonable tunc, and they
came to the conclusion that, inasmuch as this ap-
plication of Mr. Cooper is based upon his own
negligence, it was unfair and unreasonable, as well
to the contestant as to the constituency interested,
to reopen the case, and allow these parties further
time to take testimony, which will throw the final
adjudication of the case over to the short session.
They believed that, under these circumstances, it
would be against right and against justice to allow
the motion, and they have therefore reported the
resolution which is now before the House.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to ask the gentleman'
from Pennsylvania upon what points the contest-
ant makes application to take further testimony ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is all embraced in the
two memorials of Mr. Cooper and the affidavit
printed with the reports of the majority and mi-
nority. He asks for further time to take the evi-
dence embraced in these affidavits. I submit the
case for the present.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the con-
testcd-clcction case of William A. Ho ward against
Hon. George B.Cooper, now representing the
first congressional district of the State of Mich-
igan upon this floor, came before the Committee
of Elections of this House, of which I am a mem-
ber, and the sitting member, who had taken no
testimony, asked, as a preliminary motion, for
further time to take proof for the purpose of re-
butting certain depositions taken by the contest-
ant in support of his claim. The majority of the
committee report a resolution refusing that indul-
gence, and the minority a resolution that it be
granted.
As one of the minority of the committee, I de-
sire, sir, to state briefly the ground upon which
the minority thought the sitting member was en-
titled to a period of thirty days in which to take
rebutting proof, I have read, with some care,
the report of the majority, and listened attentively
to the views presented this morning by the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Campbell] in support of the views of the ma-
jority; and, with due deference and respect to
that gentleman, I think I might safely appeal to
every legal mmd within the hearing of my voice,
to say whether the arguments adduced in that re-
port justify a refusal of the indulgence asked for,
or if the arguments offered in its support will
bear the touchstone of truth and are sustained
by the precedents in similar cases, which run
through the offtcial proceedings of tins body.
What is the ground alleged in the majority le-
