3198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
report, and I shall ask the House to assent to it
so far as we have progressed. The committee of
conference upon the part of the Senate will do the
same thing in relation to the bill in the Senate, I
therefore^isk that the House recede from its dis-
agreement to the amendments of the Senate num-
bers three, four, eight, eleven, fifteen and a half,
sixteen, and seventeen; and the-committee of con-
ference upon the part of the",Senate will make a
similar motion, that the Senate shall recede in re-
gard to their amendments numbers twelve, thir-
teen, fourteen, and nineteen.
There are two amendments, numbers eighteen
and twenty, which we have agreed upon with
amendments.
The amendment number three is for expenses
already incurred in the Senate for lithographing
■which has been already ordered.
Amendment number four is in reference to the
Congressional Globes for the use of the Senate.
Our committee would have been very glad if the
Senate had seen fit to curtail the number of copies
of the Globe heretofore ordered for the use of the
Senate; yet we did not feel that we ought to insist
upon a matter which it is claimed is exclusively
within the province of each House to judge for
itself.
in relation to the eleventh amendment, I will
say that there are, it seems, five extra clerks em-
ployed in the Indian Office, and have been so em-
ployed for the last five or six years, and the Com-
missioner of Indian Aflairs assures us that they
are indispensable.
In reference to the twelfth amendment, I will
say that there are also two other elei ks which the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs very much desires
to retain. We concluded to recede from our dis-
agreement to the amendment of the Senate num-
ber eleven, thereby allowing the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to retain the five clerks; and the
Senaterecedesfrom itsamendmcnf number twelve,
thereby catting off the other two clerks.
The Senate amendment number fifteen and a
half is in relation to one hundred and fifty copies
of the reports of the Supreme Court. It seems
that, by law, we pay a salary of §1,300 to the re-
porter of the Supreme Court, and he is under
obligation to publish annually a volume of reports;
and he may be compelled, by an order of the
court, as helms been, to publish two volumes;
and if so oidercd, he woulu be compelled to pub-
lish them without pay. The Senate thought that,
under the circumstances, we ought to purchase,
at the usual price, one hundred and fifty copies for
the State Department, where, I understand, they
are needed. Therefore we assented that the House
should recede from i ts disagreement to that amend-
ment.
Amendment number seventeen relates to the
auxiliary guard of the city of Washington. We
supposed that all the House desired in reference
to that matter was that the city should actually
carry out, in good faith, the law upon this sub-
ject, and ^ive us that ponce and quiet which, 1 am
happy to say, we have had for the last two or
three years, under the provisions of the present
law, which piovides for one hundred of these
auxiliary guards—one half to be supported by
tho United States, and the other half by the city.
Cei tainly there was some disturbance a short time
since, which caused some feeling in the House;
but 1 believe the Mayor of the city has exerted
himself, in all good faith, to preserve the peace
and good order of the city; and that such a dis-
turbance will not again be likely to occur. I do
not suppose it was the intention of the House to
repeal the law which was passed two or three
years ago, and which it must be confessed has,
in the main, produced so favorable results.
In relation to the amendments to be receded
from by the Senate, I do not suppose that it is
necessary to go into any particulars.
In relation to the twentieth amendment, we pro-
pose that the House shall recede from its disa-
greement thereto,and agree to the same, with the
following proviso:
Provided, That the whole amount paid ^Iiall not exceed
the > um of .$:).0U0.
This amendment relates to the rent of a build-
ing for the use of the district court m tho State of
California. It .seems that it is an existing debt,
and that it should be paid, though it ought to have
been inserted in the deficiency bill. We propose
the amendment in order that it may not be left to
the unlimited discretion of the Secretary of the
Interior.
It is also proposed that the House shall recede
from its disagreement to the eighteenth amend-
ment of the«Senate, and agree to the same, with
the following amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the twenty third section
of the act entitled " An act legalizing and making appro-
priations for such necessary objects as have been usually
included in the general appropriation bills without author-
ity of law, and to fix and provide for certain incidental ex-
penses of the Departments and offices of the Government,
and for other purposes," approved August2G, 1842^ is hereby
repealed.
This will circumscribe the discretion upon the
part of the different Departments of the Govern-
ment; so that no transfer can be made from one
appropriation to another, except for subsistence,
forage, and in the commissary and medical de-
partments of the Army. There it seems to be
absolutely necessary; for our men must be fed
and clothed, wherever they may be. All discre-
tion in reference to other Departments will be en-
tirely prohibited, if this amendment be agreed to.
The amendments we have not been able to agree
upon arc the seventh, twenty-first, twenty-second,
twenty-third, and twenty-fourth, which were con-
sidered as one amendment. The seventhamend-
mcnt relates to the subject of printing. At the
last session of Congress an amendment was intro-
duced by tho Senate, to one of our appropriation
bills, providing that the Printer of the body by
whichthedocumentshouldbe firstordercd should
print the entire number of extra copies ordered to
be printed by'both Houses. Under the operation
of that act almost all the printing ordered by the
House has been given to the Senate Printer. Wo
supposed that to be unjust, and that it was not in-
tended originally by the law; and we therefore felt
constrained to insist upon our amendment to the
Senate amendment in that respect, which will only
restore to the House Printer some portion of the
printing, and which will be, it is supposed, more
promptly executed.
The twenty-first, twenty-second, twenty-third,
and twenty-fourth amendments relate to the mat-
ter of a loan. Prom the very emphatic vote given
in this House, we did not suppose that it would
he possible to obtain a vote to agree to a loan
when att iched to any bill by the Senate. What-
ever the House mi^ht do upon it, aian indenend-
ent proposition when offered in this House, 1 take
it that they never will a^ree to a proposition em-
anating from the Senate upon that subject.
1 therefore move that the House recede from its
disagreement to the third, fourth,eighth,eleventh,
fifteenth and a half, sixteenth, and seventeenth
amendments of the Senate, and that they agicc
to the eighteenth and twentieth amendments as
amended; and upon that I call the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
will be on receding from the disagreement of the
House to the third, fourth, eighth, eleventh, fif-
teenth and a half, sixteenth, and seventeenth
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. MAYNAKD. Will it be in order to take
a vote on each of the propositions separately?
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose that if a division is
called for, it may be had; but I submit to the
House whether it is advisable or not to have a
separate vote. It is expected that a correspond-
ing proposition will be submitted to the Senate in
regard to the other amendments, and that they
will recede from their disagreement to them. In
that event, there would be but two points of dis-
agreement between the two Houses.
Mr. STANTON. All 1 want is a separate vote
on the amendment as to the auxiliary guard. I
do not mean to vote for that under any circum-
stances, even though the bill should be lost.
A Mkmber. The vote must be taken on the
report as a whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is not a
report from the committee of conference.
Mr. BUIINETT. Then, is it in order to re-
ceive it?
The SPEAKER pfo tempore. The gentleman
from Vermont merely reports that the committee
of conference could not agree; and then he moves
to icccde from certain amendments which he has
indicated, and on that motion he calls the previous
I question.
! The previous question was seconded, and the
1 main question ordered.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a question of order.
According to parliamentary rules, this bill is in
the possession of the committee of conference.
Neither the bill nor the amendments are before the
House. How, then, is it possible to have a vote
on insisting or receding?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill has been
returned by the committee of conference, and is
now open for the action of the House. Any gen-
tleman can move to recede from any of the amend-
ments. The gentleman from Vermont made that
motion, and called the previous question, and the
previous question has been seconded.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the gentleman
from Vermont to say that he reported a disagree-
ment, and that he had been requested to make this
motion to the House. He stated that it was apart
of the agreement that the Senate was to do certain
things, and the House certain other things. I am
willingto carry out that agreement.
Mr. MORRILL. The object was to reduce the
points of disagreement to but two. If the House
agrees to my motion, the Senate will act in a cor-
responding manner, or at least that proposition
will be made. ;
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 1 desire to state
that, to avoid complication, the House should
vote against the whole of these amendments or
for the whole of them, because the Senate will
act in that way. If you are opposed to any of
them, vote them all down.
Mr. STANTON. I cannot see the necessity
for that. If we recede from our disagreement to
all but three, then there will be but three points
in controversy.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to a question of
order. The previous question has been ordered;
and all this debate is out of order.
The question was taken on receding from the
disagreement of the House to the third, fourth,
eighth, eleventh, fifteenth and a half, and seven-
teenth amendments of the Senate; and*the House
receded from its action thereon.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays
on receding from the disagreement of the House
to the sixteenth amendment of the Senate, as fol-
lows:
For compensation of the auxiliary guard and one lieu-
tenant, and tor fuel, oil, arid lamp*, and lor twenty police-
men, to be appointed in the same manner as the auxiliary
guai d, $33,4U0.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—iVIes^i^. Alley, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale,
Burr, Bonham, Bolder, Boyeu, Branch, Biiggs, Bristow,
Butlinton, Buret), Burnett, Campbell, Caitw, Horace F.
Claik, Ciopton, Cobb, Colfax, Crawfoid, Curry, Davidson,
John i}. Davis, Dawes, Pimmick, Edwards, Eliot, English,
Floience, Foukc, Garnett, Gartrell, Gooch, Grow, Hale,
Hall, Hardeman, John T. Hairis, Helnnck, Houston, Wil-
liam Howard, William A. Howard, Hughes, Jones,William
Kellogg, Landrum, Lairabee, Leake, Love, Machiy, Mal-
lory, Elbert S. Martin, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Miilson,
Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Niblack, Oiin, Perry,
Peyton, Phelps, Pugh, lteagan, Uiggs, Christophei Uobm-
eon, JJufFm, Sherman, Sickle*, Singleton, William Smith,
WilliainN. H. Smith, Stallworth, James A. Stewait, Stoutl
Taylor, Thomas, Tiain, Undenvood, Israel Washburn,
Webster, Woodruff, and Wright—86.
NAYS—Mes^.Green Adams, Aldrich, William C. An-
derson, Beale, Bingham, Blake, Biayton, Bmlincame,
Burnham, Butteifield, Carey, Covode, Curtis, II. Winter
Davis, Delano, Dunn, Etlicrid^e, Fain* worth, Ferry, Fos
ter, Gilmer, Giaham, Iiatton, Hoard, Humphiey. Kenyon,
DeWitt 0. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Looim*, McICean,
McKnight, McPherson, Millwaid, Lahan T. Moore, Nel-
son, Nixon, Palmer, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Cluaric^, Koyee,
Scianton, Sedgwick, Somes, SpauUhng,Spinnet, Stanton,
Steven*!,'William Stewait, Stokes, Tappan. Thaj er, Tomp-
kins,Tumble, Vance, Vandever,Van Wyck, Wirec,Wade,
Walton, Ellihu B. Washburnc, Wells, and Wilson—65.
So the House receded from its action thereon.
Dunns; the vote,
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, stated that Mr. Pen-
dletojf was paired with Mr. Gurley.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that Mr. Allen was
paired with Mr. Hutciiins.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the House
insist on its disagreement to the seventh, twenty-
first, twenty-second, twenty-third, and twenty-
fourth amendments of the Senate, and ask for a
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
!1 the United States, by Mr. James Buchanan, his
