1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
port for refusing this extension of time? Is it
because justice and the substantial rights of the
parties do not demand it? No sir! It is, as stated,
because fourteen months have elapsed since the
answer of the sitting member was filed, and he
has taken no proof in support of his title to the
seat he holds. In ordinary cases, this might be
deemed laches, but it doe's not •necessarily follow.
Indeed, I confidently submit to the impartial con-
sideration of this House, sitting as a judicial tri-
bunal upon the rights not only of the contestant
and of the sitting member, but as impartial jurors
upon the rights of the suffragans of the first con-
gressional districtof the State of Michigan, wheth-
er, when they shall have heard and understood
the particular facts of this present application, the
minority are not justified in alleging, as they
have done in their report, that no authenticated
case can be found where a similar privilege was,
under like circumstances, ever denied.
-The distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania
asserts that the refusal of the majority of the com-
mittee is based wholly upon their construction of
the act of 1851; that the contestant and sitting
member both commenced this investigation under
that act, and that by its terms and provisions the
case must be determined. I might safely agree to
this assumption, and yet deny the justice of the
resolution reported by the majority. Mr. Cooper
took no proof under the act. The act of 1851 al-
lows sixtydaysfor tlietaking of testimony, and it
provides thatafterthose sixty days noproofcan be
taken up'on either side, without the permission of
this House. It is, however, admitted by all, and
well settled by a series of precedents under it, that
this statute is only directory. Its express pro-
visions look to an extension of time for taking
proof beyond the limitation prescribed by the let-
ter of the act in every case where the protection
and purity of the ballot-box require, or the sub-
stantial rights of the parties demand it. The sit-
ting member informs this House that the popular
rights of those whose Representative he is, not
less than his own, require that further time be
allowed him to rebut certain testimony taken by
contestant. Is he entitled to the indulgence asked?
To solve this question, the particular facts and cir-
cumstances under which his application is made,
must be fully understood and carefully weighed.
Let them be considered, free from party bias, as
by a judicial tribunal.
The principles of law are simple, readily com-
prehended, and of easy acquisition by the most
ordinary memory; the great difficulty occurs in
their application. To apply these abstract prin-
ciples safely, properly, and truthfully, in separate
cases, and under a complicated state of facts, va-
raint in each case, and yet upholding the princi-
ple itself, constitutes the highest merit of a legal
mind.
Now, sir, what are the particular facts upon
which this application is based ? I agree with the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania that
both parties had the right to go on anu take proof
at the same time, within the sixty days prescribed
by the act, upon the merits of the case. The sit-
ting member had the right to expect that die con-
testant would take his proof first. The sitting
member had the certificate as member elefct, and
prima facie was entitled to hold a seat here until
the contestant disproved his title by competent
legal evidence. The onus was upon the contest-
ant; and the sitting member would not, (although
he was authorized under the act of 1851 to do so,)
commence to take proof until some had been taken
by contestant.
When did the contestant commence to prepare
his case, and when did he give the first notice?
The first notice of the contestant to take testimony
in support of his claim, bears date February 21,
1859, and notifies the sitting member of the pro-
posed examination of four witnesses in Detroit,
upon the 4th of March, 1859, which was just
twenty-two daysbefore the expiration of the sixty
days authorized by the act of 1851. No proof
was taken under this notice. It does not appear
that the parties met, or that any subpena was
ever issued for the attendance of the witnesses.
No reason appears, and the failure to examine
the witnesses on the 4th of March is not accounted
for in the record. A second notice is served on
the 11th of March by the contestant, containing
the names of certain witnesses proposed to be ex-
amined by him in Detroit on the 21st of March,
and also a notice for other witnesses served on the
same day, for the 23d of March.
The first proof taken by the contestant, and the
first testimony taken in this case, was upon the
21st of March. That was but five days before
the expiration of the sixty days allowed either
party to examine wifhesses. On that day, but
one witness was examined by contestant. On the
22d, 23d, 24th, and 25th, several other witnesses
were examined. On the 16th day of March, the
contestant served a fourth notice upon the sitting
member, that he would, on the 26th t>f March,
(the last day for taking proof,) take the evidence
of certain parties named. It might be a pertinent
question to inquire why the contestant did not in-
clude the names of all his witnesses in the notice
of the 11th of March, for examination upon the
21st, 22d, 23d,  nd 24th of March, instead of
serving a separate notice on the 16th of March
for witnesses to be examined on the 26th ? Why
did contestant wait until the last day of the sixty
for the taking of the most important testimony
upon which he attempts to oust the sitting mem-
ber, and to secure for himself a seat upon this
floor?
It is worthy of remark, that in the two notices
of the contestant, under date of March 11, the
name of his important witness whose testimony
was proposed to be taken upon the last day—the
name of Edgar—whose testimony it is proposed
to impeach, does not occur. Is such a course of
procedure usual ? Is it not somewhat remarka-
ble that notice of the examination of that partic-
ular witness—Edgar—should not have been given
until the 16th of March and the examination post-
poned until the last day authorized for the taking
of proof, and when, in consequence of this limit-
ation of the statute, the sitting member was de-
prived of the opportunity of impeaching this wit-
ness and rebutting his testimony? The statute
of 1851 requires a notice of ten days to be given
the opposite party for taking testimony. In esti-
mating the time for service of notices, different
rules probably exist in different States. The rule
established by judicial precedent in my own State
is always to include one and exclude the other.
It is a safe exposition, and in Kentucky is ap-
plied in the legal construction of a proper service
of all judicial process. If this rule of estimating
the time be correct, the notice here would seem
to have been defective, as suggested by my friend
from Maryland, [Mr. Stewart,] because not
served within the ten days.
It is, however, insisted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] that the service
of the notice by contestant on the sitting member
to take proof on the last day on which either party
could take proof, affords no ground for the pro-
posed indulgence. If, however, the point that the
notice was not served in time be well taken by
my friend from Maryland, the depositions taken
under that notice ore not legally taken, and should
be excluded.
Mr. GOOCH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. GOOCH. I merely wish to ask the gen-
tleman whether he excludes both the day on which
the notice was served, and the day on which the
depositions were to bo taken, or only one ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Only one.
Mr. GOOCH. Then how many days does that
leave ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Nine.
Mr. GOOCH. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken. He will find it leaves ten.
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, it may be so. I
took it for granted that the gentleman from Mary-
land, who suggested the point, was correct in his
estimate of the time which the application of the
rule of excluding one day and including the other
would leave. This point is not relied on by the
minority in their report.
I come to another point. The notice of the con-
testant to take the testimony proposed to be re-
butted was served on the sitting member on the
16th March, and the witnesses were to be exam-
ined on the 26th.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman says that in
Kentucky one day is included and the other is
excluded.
Mr. STEVENSON. Piecisely.
Mr. STANTON. Then I would inquire, if
the opposite party appears and cross-examines,
does it make any difference whether the time is,
or is not, computed with exactness?
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir.
Mr. STANTON. Did the opposite party cross-
examine here ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Probably there was a
cross-examination. The gentleman, however,
mistakes the point. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Campbell] insists that the service
of the notice on the sitting member by contestant,
on the 16th March, for depositions to be taken on
■26th March, afforded the sitting member ample
time to rebut such proof by counter testimony on
the same day. The same gentleman argues that the
moment the sitting member received such notice
on the 16th for depositions on the 26th, he should
have immediately served a notice on the contest-
ant for his rebutting proof, to be taken on the
same day, namely, the 26th March. Now I put
it to the astute legal mind of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stanton] himself, or to any other
lawyer on either side of this Chamber, to say
whether such diligence has ever been required,
or whether a dictum can be found in any well-
authenticated legal decision in support of such a
rule ? In cases of notice, stricti juris—as, for in-
stance, in notices of protest upon bills of ex-
change—the party has always until the succeed-
ing day after receiving notice of protest to notify
a prior indorser.
Is it not as extraordinary as novel, that the
stringent rules of commercial law, as applicable
to negotiable paper, shall be applied by the hon-
orable gentleman [Mr. Campbell]%> the notices
required by the statute of 1851 for taking proof,
to be used in'contested elections before this tri-
bunal ? Upon what authority does such a postu-
late rest? If every indorser of a protested bill of
exchange is allowed until the succeeding day for
service of notice on a prior indorser, the sitting
member, [Mr. Cooper,] on receiving notice on
the 16th, would have been allowed until the 17th
for giving notice to take counter and rebutting tes-
timony. This would have put the proof thus
taken beyond the sixty days allowed by law,
and the testimony thus taken could not have been
read.
Again, the law never divides a day; and there
is no proof at what period of the day on the 16th
March this notice was served by contestant on
the sitting member. No presumption therefore
arises, or can arise, as to the exact hour of tha
day that the service of the notice took place. It
might have been served at so late an hour as, for
want of time, to deprive the sitting member, under
the stringent rule attempted to be established, of
giving a counter notice. Would the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Campbell] deny to the
sitting member all inquiry for witnesses by whom
to rebut the testimony of contestant taken on the
26th ? It must be remembered that the statute of
1851 requires that the notice for the taking of dep-
ositions shall specify the names of the witnesses.
The contestant's notice was not served until the
16th, and at what hour of the day does not ap-
pear. How could the sitting member, without
inquiry, have ascertained the names of the wit-
nesses by wlipm he could have discredited con-
testant's witnesses? And yet the names of these
witnesses would have been required to be inserted
in his notice. It seems to me a statement of the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
as to the diligence required of the sitting member,
carries its own refutation with it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Camp-
bell] argues that, as the notice of the contestant
for taking his proof contained the names of all
the witnesses proposed to be examined, it was
the duty of the sitting member, so soon as the con-
testant had served such notices, to have made dil-
igent inquiry as to the character of all the persons
named in such notices, and have given counter
notices for the taking of such rebutting proof. I
have.endeavored to show this was impossible as
to the notice served on the 16th; and it was in this
notice'that Edgar's name was contained. It is his
testimony particularly that the sitting member de-
sires, and is now capable of successfully impeach-
ing. It is palpable that it was out of his power
to do so, for reasons already stated. As to the
other witnesses named in contestant's notice served
on the 11th, I beg leave to say that these notices
contained the names of some seventy-five wit-
nesses, of whom but fifteen were to be examined.
