290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 30,
in this position, then: that, although he was clccted
upon the principle of protection, yet he will vote
for Mr. Seward, who opposed the principle of
protection, and who gave his vote and influence
to rcduce the tariff on the great industrial inter-
ests of Pennsylvania.
At the time, Mr. Clerk, that Mr. Banks was
elected Speaker of this House, the tariff of 1846,
passed by the Democratic party, and for which
we were denounced throughout the State of Penn-
sylvania, and throughout the North generally,
was in full operation. It was satisfactory to our
people; we asked no more. But that tariff was
repealed, and the Republican tariff of 1857passed.
And from that day to this we have been manfully
struggling to regain the ground we lost, by re-
storing the tariff of 1846—the good old Democratic
tariff. At the last session of Congress I intrq-
duced an amendment to the Post Office bill for the
restoration of that tariff of 1846. Where was the
gentleman's candidate for Speaker found voting
then? The Speaker decided my amendment out
of order. I was determined to test the question,
and I appealed from the decision of the Chair.
To sustain my appeal, I exhibited the precedents
of this House, where similar amendments had
been sustained. But, sir, the gentleman's candi-
date for Speaker voted against my appeal. He
would not consent to restore tin; tariff of 1846,
nor to repeal the tariff of 1857.
But my colleague [Mr. Campbell] has referred
proudly to Mr. Banks. Let me examine that
natter a little further. Mr. Banks appointed as
onairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
the Hon. Lewis D. Campbell, of Ohio, o Repub-
lican. Mr. Campbell was also appointed by Mr.
Banks the chairman of the committee of con-
ference on the tariff bill on the part of the House.
That committee consisted of Messrs. Campbell,
Letcher, and Dc Witt. Campbell and Dc Witt
were Republicans. Who has forgotten that a ma-
jority of that conference committee reported rec-
ommending the passage of the tariff oct of 1857—
that tariff which is now crushing out the life and
energy of all the great industrial interests of Penn-
sylvania* Yet a Pennsylvania)! can rise on this
floor and pronounce eulogies on that obnoxious
law.
But,sir, my colleague [Mr. Campbell] asset ted
ibat Mr. Bocock was a free trader, and m favor
of direct taxation. Where does he find authority
to sustain his declaration?
'Mr. CAMPBELL. Does my colleague put
that question to mo >
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I do; but I hope, if
my colleague answers, that he will not again elab-
orately eulogize his candidate for Speaker, but
confine himself to an answer to my question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. ( am not in the habit of
paying compliments to any one. I have, m what
1 have said, only referred the gentleman to the
iacts spread upon the record, to wit: that the tariff
law of 1857 was enacted by Democratic votes.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Bocock is for a rev-
enue tariff, and not for free trade and direct tax-
ation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If I am mistaken in regard
to Mr. Bocock*s position, I am open to correc-
tion, for I would not misrepresent any gentleman.
I refer the gentleman to the fact that the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] for whom he
voted for Speaker, did vote for the taiiff bill of
1857.
Mr.MONTGOMERY. So did Mr. Sherman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. ATo, sir; Mr. Sheumw
voted against the bill. If T am wrong, let me be
corrected now, sir. Brine out the record now.
I voted against that bill, and my candidate for
Speaker [Mr. Sherman] voted against it. (See
Congressional Globe, third session,Thirty-Fourth
Congress, page 971.) 1 want my colleague also to
bear in mmd that Mr. Cadwalader and Mr. Flor-
ence, Democratic Representatives from the Phila-
delphia districts, voted for tluit bill; and 1 want
him further to bear in mind that almost all the
gentlemen with whom he is acting, who were mem-
bers of the Tlurty-Fourth Congress, voted for that
bill. 1 want my colleague to stand by the record.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I have asked this ques-
tion: You asserted m this House that Mr. Bocock
was in favor of free trade and direct taxation.
Where do you get your proof?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman denounced
the bill of 1857—ahill which destroyed the indus-
try of Pennsylvania—as a free-trade bill. I refer
him to the fact that the honorable gentleman from
Virginia voted for that bill which he denounced
as a free-trade measure. (Congressional Globe,
| third session, Thirty-Fourth Congress, page
971.) I do not know that the gentleman from
I Virginia is in favor of direct taxation, but I do
i know that gentlemen upon that side of the House,
I with whom he associates, and who have voted for
; him for Speaker, are in favor of free trade and
: direct taxation. I can refer particularly to the
j honorable gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
I Boyce,] who made an able speech upon this sub-
I ject.
! But, Mr. Clerk, my colleague refers to the ac-
! tion of Lawrence, Stone & Co. -If that gentleman
knows, or has reason to believe, that Lawrence,
j Stone & Co., influenced the action of this House,
I lot him come out and inform this House what he
| knows upon that subject. I only refer him to
the fact that the Republican members of this
House from my State, myself included, voted
against the bill which he supposes was beneficial
to Lawrence, Stone & Co. My colleague makes
that a charge against the Democratic members
who voted for the bill; but I ask my colleague if
it is fair to refer to the action of Lawrence, Stone
& Co. in this connection,even against those who
voted for the bill, unless he comes forward and
makes his statements clear and distinct, pointing
out, if he can, where and how they influenced the
legislation of this House. Let the gentleman
speak out. Does he refer to improper influences
brought to bear upon the House Committee of
Ways and Means, iv/io did not report the present
tanfl law, which my colleague savs was beneficial
to Lawrence, Stone &. Co.?
If he refers to any influences directly, or indi-
rectly, brought to bear on me, or the committee
of which I was a member, the gentleman must
know it to be utterly untrue. Sir, I want the re-
sponsibility to attach where it belongs. The bill
of 1857, infamous as it was for the country, strik-
ing down, as it did, labor, and all the great in-
terests of labor, was framed by a Democratic
Senate committee, and voted for by every Demo-
cratic member oi this House, with two honoi-
able exceptions. And I call my colleague's atten-
tion a&ain to (he fact that every candidate for
Speaker of this House, proposed by the Democ-
racy, and whovcie members of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, voted for the enactment of the forever-
iniquitous tariff law. Will my colleague explain
that? I tell that gentleman, and those with whom
he votes, that that gentleman's candidate for the
Piosidency in 1856 recommended specific duties
m the first message he sent to Congress. He was
written down and placed in a ridiculous position
by his own Secretary of the Treasury. Will the
gentleman's camhdate for the Presidency play us
the same tri«*k in I860 that was played upon as
two years ago2 Is the President now sincere m
re-reeommeiuhng specific duties? Or will the
Secretary again; or will Mr. Douglas, or the rest
of the free-trade party, with whom my colleague
is acting, show that the President did not under-
stand the subject?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I will reply to my col-
league
Mr. HTJTCHINS. I rise to a point of order.
1 submit that it is out of order to put so much
tariff into the middle of the speech of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce], [Laugh-
ter ]
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 want to refer 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 must decline to yield
further.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 want to refer my col-
league to the Congressional Globe, third session
Thirty-Fourth Congress, page 971, where he will
find the final vote on the tariff bill. Why does
not my colleague refer to the record?
Mr.' MONTGOMERY. The gentleman in-
forms this House, that the President of the United
States intends to play some trick upon this Con-
gress. If the President of the United States in-
tends to play a trick upon this Congress, m rela-
tion to a tariff, it is the first trick he ever played
on that subject in his life. For lorry years he
has been a persistent and consistent friend of pro-
tection to American industry, and especially pro-
tection to Pennsylvania industry. I repudiate the
charge. It is a slander upon the Executive. He
intends no trick. The whole history of his life
vindicates him against the foul charge. He is both
honest and in earnest on the subject of the tariff;
and I hope his recommendation will be carried
out, and that my colleague will assist to do it.
Mr. Clerk, my colleague has told me that two
of my Democratic colleagues voted for the tariff
act of 1857. I regret the fact. But as I did not
vote for either of them for Speaker, I cannot sec
what I have to do with their action. They did
wrong; and so far as Colonel Florence is con-
cerned, he has made ample amends for his error
by his unceasing efforts to undo what his vote
assisted to do at that time. Since I have been on
this floor, Colonel Florence has been an earnest,
active, and zealous friend of protection, and has
contributed his vote and his influence to aid me
in restoring the tariff of 1846, with specific duties
upon iron. If he did wrong then, he has acted
nobly since.
When I made the charge of corrupt influences
exerted by Lawrence, Stone & Co., I merely
repeated an old story, which I never heard dis-
puted before. Nor can it be disputed, success-
fully, now, for the facts have been proven before
an investigating committee of this House. I refer
my colleagues to the clear and conclusive evidence
there adduced to sustain my charge. This is, no
doubt, a tender point with the gentlemen who
were instrumental in bringing forward that tariff,
and I care not to press it. I mentioned it as one
of the incidents which are inseparably connected
with that portion of the nefarious legislation of
the Banks Congress. It clings, like the shirt
of N\ssus, to the tariff of 1857; and no efforts of
the Republican party can separate them, for they
are iusepaiable.
My colleague tells us that Mr. Sherman, his
candidate for Speaker, is in favor of a protective
tariff. Unfortunately for my colleague, I have
the record here. When gentlemen make such
assertions they should remember that the Journals
exist. What, then, are the facts ? When the con-
ference committee reported the tariff bill of 1857,
my colleague who last addressed us, made a mo-
tion to lay the report upon the table, and thus to
dispose of it or defeat it in that summary way,
and Mr. John Sherman voted against that mo-
tion. Now, if my colleague is honestly and sin-
cerely a tariff man, let him cast his vote if he can
in favor of John Sherman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. One moment right here-
Mr. MONTGOMERY. No, sir; I will not
yield now. I read from the Journal, pages 609"
and 610. After the committee of conference had
made their report, the Journal proceeds to say:
" TheVame liavinc brcn rend after debate, Mi. Lewis D.
O oirBTLi. movu<] the picvloiu question; pending which,
7dr. Jvmpr II. Camvurli.1'—
the gentleman who last addressed the House—
"moved that the l'cpoit he laid upon tho tahle; and the
question hem? put, it was decided in the negative—yeas
Ot), nays 13^
Among those who voted in the negative is John
Sherman. Now, I say to my colleague, cast your
vote for him if you can, and go home to your con-
stituents if you dare, and tell them that you voted
m favor of a tariff candidate for Speaker of the
House of Representatives. And yet my feolleague
comes here to read mo a lecture on my votes.
Look, sir, to your own candidate and your own
record.
But the gentleman tells us that Mr. Bocock
voted in favor of that bill. Then Mr. Sherman
and Mr. Bocock stand upon an equality,and the
gentleman should have reflected before he began
his lecture to me. But the gentleman told this
House in his first speech, that Mr. Bocock was
a free-trader and in favor of direct taxation. He
now comes forward and disproves his own allega-
tions, and shows that Mr. Bocock voted for the
very tariff reported to this House, under Mr.
Banks, as Republican Speaker, by a Republican
committee of conference, and which originated
with a Republican Committee of Ways and
Means—the Republican tariff of 1857. With what
an ill grace charges against me come from a Re-
publican member of that Congress,
But, sir, I have another point. As I said be-
fore, these records are stubborn things. They
have tenacious memories, and always tell the
truth.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest, that for the ben-
efit of my colleagues and myself, as both candi-
dates for the Speakership claim to be tariff men,
