1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rectly increased their pay; among them was this
appropriation for newspapers. They also voted
themselves so much stationery, boxes, &c. Mr.
Chairman, all such appropriations are, in my
judgment, wrong, and we ought to strike, all of
them from our appropriation bills. Wejhave in-
creased our compensation; and the argument here-
tofore urged for such appropriations, that our pay
was notenough, doesnotnow apply. Thegentle-
manfrom Tennessee [Mr.MAVNARD] has referred
to the fact that members have drawn the money
from the Clerk's office, instead of subscribing for
newspapers to the amount. I suppose, sir, that
there is not a member here who does not pay
more than fifty dollars for newspapers. I pay a
much larger sum; but we prefer to subscribe and
pay for such papers as we desire, without the in-
tervention of the Clerk; and pursuing this course,
members draw from the Clerk the amount given
them for this purpose, and apply it, as far as it
goes, towards their newspaper subscription. I
have done this myself, and suppose others have
done" the same thing.
Mr. Chairman, I will not detain the committee
longer; but I earnestly hope they will strike this
item from this bill. It is an indirect way of in-
creasing our pay, and ought to be stopped. If
members think the present compensation not
enough, let them increase it directly, and not in
this way take from the Treasury these small sums.
But knowing the manner in which all proposi-
tions which have for their object the curtailment
of any appropriation for the benefit of members,
and how every proposition that proposes to cur-
tail abuses, is received, I must confess I have but
little hope that the motion which I have made will
be adopted.
Mr. MOORE *of Kentucky. I desire to ask
my colleague whether he offered the amendment
with the hope that it would prevail? [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Before these words are
stricken out, 1 desire to perfect them; and for that
purpose I move to strike out the words " twelve
thousand."
I make that motion for the purpose of making
a statement m reference to this matter, and call-
ing the attention of the House to the abuses grow-
ing out of this newspaper business. It is well
known to those who are familiar with the history
of these matters, that prior to the passage of the
compensation act, when members of Congress
received eight dollars per day, various methods
were resorted to for the purpose of increasing that
compensation. There were books voted to the
members to the amount of twelve or fifteen hun-
dred dollars apiece; there were boxes for the books
voted to members; there was stationery voted; and
there were newspapers voted—all of which went
to the increase of the compensation of members.
Members openly commuted theirbooks formoney
in many instances; they commuted their station-
ery for money; and I do not know whether they
have commuted their boxes or not; they com-
muted their newspapers in money—in all of which,
in fact, they received a larger compensation than
they now receive. Now, sir, I ask those gentle-
men who have introduced their propositions, and
urged them here for repealing the present com-
pensation act, to come up here and go with us for
striking out these abuses, which are, in fact, sim-
ply an increase of the compensation of members.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want to correct
the gentleman from Tennessee in one particular.
The gentleman says that in many instances mem-
bers are in the habit of commuting their news-
papers, furnished at the expense of the House,
for money. Now, if there be any such rule,
I watijt, to say that I am an exception to it. I
never did such a thing since I have been a mem-
ber of the House. I want to say further, that,
whatever may be the practice of the gentleman
from Kentucky or others, I do always take more
newspapers than are furnished at the expense of
the House. I take them and I frank them to my
constituents. This is the first time I ever heard
that members were in the habit of selling their
newspapers.
Mr. MAYNARD. So far as my own practice
is concerned, I have been in the habit of receiving
the fifty dollars and subscribing for the papers out
of my own pocket. But, sir, the fact I have stated
will be manifest to any gentleman who will take
the pains to look at the report of the Clerk of the
House of the expenditure of the contingent fund.
I have not time to demonstrate it in a five min-
utes* speech. What I desire now especially to
do is to call the attention of members to the fact
that this is an addition, in fact, to the compensa-
tion of members, and to appeal to gentlemen who
think the salaries of members are too large, and
who continue to make what will certainly be fu-
tile and abortive attempts to introduce bills, which
go on the Calendar in the Committeeof the Whole,
and will never be reached, now that this matter
is right before us and within our reach, to take
hold with "me and strike out this item of compen
sation of members. I hope the committee will
strike out this clause. I believe that the appro-
priation is wrong, and should be stricken out.
Mr. MAYNA RD, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. BURNETT, I move to amend by reduc-
ing the amount to one dollar.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will bear me witness that upon these mat-
ters to which he has called the attention of the
House I have uniformly, since I have occupied
a seat upon this floor, voted for striking out all
these matters. My colleague asked me a ques-
tion just now which I did not hear, and which I
ask him to repeat.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I understood my
colleague to say that he offered an amendment
without much hope that the House would pass
it. The question I asked was, whether he offered
the amendment with the hope on his own part
that it would not pass?
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to my colleague
that, if he knew me as well as I hope he will, he
will always find that I never submit motions in
this House that I am not in earnest about. And
upon this subject, as it constituted the principal
capital of the Opposition party in the State of
Kentucky during the last canvass, I hope I shall
have the hearty cooperation of my friends of the
Opposition party, certainly from Kentucky, in
this reform.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I will say to my
colleague that, upon this motion, he will have my
assistance. The reason I asked him whether he
really hoped that his motion would prevail was
from the fact that he cast suspicion himself upon
it, in saying that he had doubts whether it would
or not.
Mr. BURNETT. When my colleague has
served as long as 1 have—and that has been but a
little while—he will learn how difficult a thing it is
to pass anything through this House that will cur-
tail orcut off any of the benefits of members ofthis
House or its employes. I would rather undertake
to fight all the Departmentsof the Federal Govern-
ment combined, upon any proposition,than to fight
the employes of this House. The third estate here
is stronger to-day than both of the branches of Con-
gress. 1 have seen this House vote propositions
here, and, through influence and appeals made to
them by employes ofthis House, then change its
action within less than six months by an over-
whelming majority.
As was well remarked by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynaud,] in reply to the gen-
tleman from Missouii, [Mr. Clark,] no man in
this House sells his newspapers. 1 he mode in
which the thing is done is this: fifty dollars are
appropriated to each member of this House for
newspapers, and each member has the right to go
to the Clerk's office and subscribe for newspapers
to that amount, or to take the money. The prac-
tice has been, so far as £ know, for each member
to go to the office of the Clerk of the House and
draw his fifty dollars, and subscribe for what
newspapers he may want. If any member does
not want any newspaper, then he keeps the fifty
dollars. That is the way it has been done.
Mr. Chairman, the appropriation ought to be
stricken out. If the pay of members of Congress
be not enough, then, as I have before said, it
ought to be increased. During this session we
have seen member after member of this House
rise and offer proposition after proposition for the
reduction of the present pay of members of Con-
gress. There has been a sort of rivalry on the
subject of getting in propositions for the compen-
sation of members of Congress. I do not believe
that the pay of members of Congress is too much,
if it be equalized. If the pay is to be increased, I
do not wa t it done by indirection. What wc are
not willing to vote by direction I insist we shall !
not do by indirection. I hope that the appropri-
ation will be stricken out.
Mr. MAYNARD. By permission of the g&n*
tleman from Kentucky, 1 -will call the attention
of the committee to the reports of the Clerk of the
House for the first and second sessions of the last
Congress. They will be found to contain items
hke-this: for newspapers, furnished by himself,
first session Thirty-FifthCon^ess,thirty-two dol-
lars. That item, I think, will be found to occur
opposite the name of nearly every member of the
House.
Mr. SPINNER. Let me inform the gentleman
from Tennessee that most members buy their
own newspapers. The insinuation thrown out
by hi3 remarks, I think, is unfair. I pay more
than fifty dollars for newspapers, and when I get
them I send them to my constituents. The gen-
tleman makes an unfair statement, and he will
himself acknowledge it when he comes to look
into the subject, i do not employ a clerk to do
my business. I do it myself.
Mr. HOUSTON. Now, Mr. Chairman, I want
to say a word. I will go with the gentleman from
Kentucky for the purpose of striking out this ap-
propriation. I would like to see ail these small
out unnecessary appropriations stricken out. I
would like to see them stricken out, not alone for
the reasons assigned by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, but also for the reason that they are seized
upon for the purpose of traducing and slandering
members of Congress.
Mr. COLFAX. The speeches thus far have
been in favor of the motion to strike out; and I
think that we at least ought to have one speech
against the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will yield the floor in a
moment. I want to state this, in correction of
what has been said by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that members of Congress do not take
newspapers to the amount of money voted to them.
Now, while I am in favor of striking out this ap-
propriation, I want to state that the gentleman
from Kentucky is mistaken in what he has said.
My papers amount to more than fifty dollars. I
do not believe there is a member of this House who
does not subscribe for more than fifty dollars 'worth
of newspapers. If there be any difference in the
accounts, as published in the reports of the Clerk
of the House, it arises from the fact that some do
and others do not subscribe through the instru-
mentality of the Clerk's office. Some newspapers
I order through the Clerk,and others I order my-
self. My papers cost me much more than fifty
dollars. I believe the same to be true of every
man in this House. While the statement of the
gentleman from Kentucky may be strictly true,
yet, sir, it does great injustice to him, as it does
injustice to every man in this House, unless the
proper explanation be made. I have made an
explanation of the matter, that injustice may be
done to none of the members of this House.
Mr. BURNETT. My account for newspapers
amounts to more than fifty dollars. Some of them
I take at home, and others I take here. I was
speaking of the practice of members of Congress
here. If members will confine their account for
newspapers to what have been subscribed for
here, and not include the newspapers taken be-
fore they were members of Congress, I presume
that it will be conceded that no man takes fifty
dollars' worth.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are few men in this
House whose papers subscribed for here do not
amount to fifty dollars aside from what they have
to pay for newspapers at home. I certainly sub-
scribe for papers here beyond the fifty dollars'
worth. I venture to say that there are very few,
if any, members of this House who will como
within the category where the gentleman from
Kentucky seems to have placed himself. I, for
one, protest against being placed in that category.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, if there are any
abuses in the system which these gentlemen are
striking at, I am as willing as any to do away
with them; but itdoesseem to me to be too small
a matter to enlist the enthusiasm manifested here.
What is it? The Representatives in Congress
assembled have fifty dollars each out of the pub-
lic Treasury for newspapers. Newspapers for
what? To give them information of occurrences
throughout the country. You may say that they
will take these newspapers themselves. The in-
formation, at least, they ought to have; and itis a
