1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3199.
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed—
An act to authorize divorces in the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes;
An act for the relief of Josiah Atkins, of the
State of Ohio;
. An act granting an invalid pension to Ezekicl
Jones;
An act to incorporate the East Washington
Library Association; and
An act making appropriations for light-houses,
beacons, buoys, &c.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Mr. Patton, one of its clerks, noti-
fying the House that the Senate had agreed to the
amendments of the House of Representatives to
the bill of the Senate for the final adjustment of
private land claims in Florida, Louisiana, Arkan-
sas, and Missouri.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to'the report
of the committee of conferencc to the bill confirm-
ing certain land entries.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to repot t from the
committee of conference on the bill No. 501,
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1861. There was avery large number of disagree-
ing votes on this bill, and, as a matter of course,
a great variety of questions have been brought
before the committee of conference. The Senate
agree to recede from the fifteenthamendment, pro-
viding for gas pipes from Maine avenue to the
penitentiary; from the sixteenth amendment, pro-
vidingfor a superintendent of gas; from the twen-
tieth amendment, providing for the graveling of
Virginia avenue east of the Capitol; from the
twenty-fourth amendment, which reduced the ap-
propriation for seeds from $60,000 to §40,000;
from the amendment making an appropriation for
a jail. The Senate also recedes from its disagree-
ment to the appropriation for the Oswego light-
house and pier. The Senate agree to the House
amendments in regard to the Charleston and New
Orleans custom-houses, so that the appropriations
stand, $15,000 for the one, and $25,000 for the
other, to pay for materials, and nothing for con-
tinuing the work. The Senate agree to the House
amendment limiting the appropriation for the
Completion of the Capitol to the work necessary
to complete the building, excluding painting and
sculpture. In connection with that amendment,
the rlouse is recommended to concur with the
Senate amendment abolishing the art commission.
This was done by a majority of the committee;
one of the members of the committee [Mr. Bing-
ham] dissenting from the abolition of the art
commission. The effcct of the amendment is to
confine the expenditure of the $300,000 for the
Capitol extension simply to complete the build-
ing, and excludingtheexpenditure of any money
forpainting orsculpture. As, therefore, there will
be no employment for the art commission next
year, it is suspended or abolished.
The Senate concur with the House amendment
to amendment number eight, relating to marble
columns, insertingthe words " American marble"
in the proper place; so that the amendmentis now,
I suppose, grammatical. In regard to the thirteenth
and- fourteenth amendments, relating to gas, the
Senate and House conference committee agreed
to a substitute reducing the price of gas, not only
to the Government but to the citizens, by chang-
ing the law incorporating the company. It leaves
in the provision for the lighting of the streets in
Georgetown and elsewhere heretofore lighted, but
reduces the price of gas and also the amount ap-
propriated.
The Senate have agreed to the House amend-
ment in regard to the capitol in Nebraska Terri-
tory , appropriating $5,000 for repairs of that build-
ing.
The House recedes from its amendment in
regard to cents, leaving the Senate amendment
standing; which provides that the Mint may go
on and make cents, but repeals the old law, which
authorizes them to exchange cents for Spanish
coin.
The Senate recedes from its amendments from ,
forty to forty-five, in regard to the extension of i
the Capitol grounds; and the House agrees to an
amendment which provides for ascertaining the
probable cost of the grounds embraced within the
proposed extension, and to report to Congress,at
its next session, a plan for extending the Capitol
grounds. It makes no appropriation. On the
other hand, the House recedes from its disagree-
mcntto Senate amendments nineteen and twenty-
three, which provide for paving the front of cer-
tain reservations. On examining the law, we
found that the law requires the Government to
pave in front of their reservations whenever the
citizens pave in front of the buildings opposite.
Opposite two reservations, under the-autliority of
the city, pavements have been made by the citi-
zens in front of their dwellings; and in these cases
we provide for the pavement by the Government
in front of their reservations; which, I think, is
just and proper.
The twenty-ninth amendmentprovides forcon-'
verting the old Senate Chamber into a room for
the Supreme Court. The House committee agreed
to that amendment, but limiting the amount to
$25,000.
The thirty-seventh amendment provides for
paying certain persons who have been employed
as examiners in the Patent Office at the rate fixed
for the grade of service which they have pel formed.
The House concurs in that amendment. Certain
subordinate officers in the Patent Office have been
employed as examiners, and this amendment
allows them to be paid the salary of examiners.
The thirty-ninth amendment provides for set-
tling the accounts of the contractor for building the
San Francisco custom-house. The House agrees
to that amendment. Upon examination, we found
that there was a controversy between the con-
tractor and the paymaster or disbursing officer, as
to the fact of payment; and in case the paymas-
ter 1ms not, as he claims, paid the contractor, then
the Secretary of the Treasury is to pay him what
is due.
The thirty-first amendment is for inclosing the
Washington statue. In that the House concurs.
The House also concurs m the amendment
which provides for a survey of the boundary line
between Oregon and Washington. A letter was
introduced before the committee of conference,
from the Commissioner of Public Lands, stating
that this is indispensably necessary to prevent
controversies between the citizens of Washington
and Oregon.
The last amendment to which a majority of
the House committee concurred was the one that
gave us the most trouble, and that is the Wash-
ington aqueduct. The majority of the House
committee concurred in that amendment, with a
substitute, the effect of which is to appropriate
$500,000 for the completion of the water works;
but'it places them under the superintendence of
Captain Meigs m distinct and plain language.
From that recommendation I dissented, although
I agreed to the balance of the report and entirely
approve the selection of Captain Meigs to take
charge of the aqueduct.
I now move the previous question on the adop-
tion of the report.
Mr. BARR. I call for a separate vote on the
water works.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state that the vote must be taken on the report as
a whole.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is not the
report divisible ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It cannot be
divided.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then I
move to lay the report on the table. I want to
get rid of the whole of it.
Mr. LEAKE. If the report is laid upon the
table, will it not carry the bill with it?
The SPEAKER/>ro tempo)e. It will.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I desire to
know whether we cannot have a separate vote on
the Washington aqueduct''
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There can be no
separate vote taken.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I ask unan-
imous consent to have a separate vote on that
proposition.
Mr. SICKLES. I object.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I desire to
say that I am opposed to any appropriation for
that work.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. WILSON. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have a separate vote on the amend-
ment in regard to the art commission..
Mr. PEYTON. I object to that.
The main question was now ordered to be put.
Mr. COX called for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the report of the committee of con-
ference. .*
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers on the yeas'
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Lee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-two in the affirmative, a further count not
being demanded.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrieh, Allen, Al-
ley, Francis P. Blair, Blake, BotoJer, BouKgny, Boyce,
Brayton, Biistow, Bullinton, Buich, Burlingame, Burnham,
Butterfieki, Carey, Carter, Casw, Horace F. Clark, Corwin,
Burton Craige, Davidson, II. Winter Davis, Delano, Ed-
mundson, Edwaids, Ehot, English, Florence, Foster,
Fouke, Frank, Goocli, Helmiek, Hoaid, William Howard,
William A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Keitt, William
Kellogg, Lanabee,DeWitt C.Leach, Leake, Lee,Mallory,
Matston, MeKmght, MeRae,Millwaid, Moot head, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Ntblack, Njxom, Olm, Perry, Peyton,
Kenyan. Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Scott, Sedg-
wick, Sheiman, Sickles, Spau'dtng, Spinner, Stanton,
James A. Stewait, Stratum, Tappari, Taylor, Trimble,
Walton, Ellihu B.YVashburnr, Webster, and Woodruff—77,
NAYS—Messis. Green Adam's, William U. Anderson,
Ashniore, Avery, Barr, Beale, Bonhani, Brabson, Branch,
Brings, Burnett, Campbell. Clopton, Cobb, Collax> Craw-
ford, Uuiry.JolmC. Davis, Ihmmick, Duel!, Dunn, Bdger-
tori, Ely, Ethendjre, Farn&worth, Ferry, French, Garn<*tt,
Gaiticll, Gilmer, Graham. Hall, Hardeman, John T. Harris,
Hatton, Hill, Houston, Jones,' Junkm, Kenyon, lulgore,
Killmger, James M. Leach, Love, Maclay, Elbert S. Mar-
tin, Wayward, McKean,HlePheison,Mile->, Million,Laban
T. Moore, Sydenham Moote, Nelson, Palmer, Pettit, Por-
tet, Potlei. Pugh, Uuailo, Riggs, Kuflm, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, William N. It. Smith, Somes, Stailworth,
Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, Tompkins,
Tiain, Underwood, Vance, Van Wyek, Verree, Wade,
Cadwahulei C. Was-hburn,Wells,Wilson, and Wught—82.
Su the leportof the committee of conference
was rejected.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. COX stated that he had paired off with Mr.
Harris, of Maryland, who was absent from the
House, taking his family to the cars. Mr. Har-
ris would have voted u ay,5' and he would have
voted " no."
Mr. CARTER said: I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether this proviso attached by
the committee to the appropriation for the water
works was attached at the instance of the Senate
or House committee?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, and others,
objected to debate.
Mr. CARTER. I desire, then, to propound
that question to the Chair, for upon the answer
i given to it will depend my vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
reply to the gentleman from New York that he does
not know; and if he did, it would not be proper to
state what occurred in committee.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to change my vote
upon this report. I voted in the affirmative, be-
lieving, as I do, that the friends of the Adminis-
tration upon this side of the House, although
there may be objectionable features in the bill,
ought to vote for carrying through the appropri-
ations which are required for carrying on the Gov-
ernment. As many gentlemen on this side of the
House, however, have seen fit to vote against
this report, I now change my vote, and cast it in
the negative.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make one re-
mark in reply to the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate.
Mr. BURNETT. Just one remark. I voted
" no" upon, this bill; and why? Because, as re-
ported by this committee of conference, it con-
tains a provision which I believe to be in violation
of the Constitution of this country; and I am
ready to take all the responsibility of that vote.
[Cries of " Older!"]
Mr. PERllY. I believe in letting every Ad-
ministration pay its own debts; and i therefore
vote " ay."
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of confer-
ence was rejected.
