1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
having voted against the Treasury note bill up to
the last night of the session, after the Secretary of
the Treasury had talked to them in our presence,
voted to reopen the question, and the Treasury
note bill' passed and we got no tariff. [Cries of
" Good ! from the Republican benches.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Will my colleague yield
to me ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I want to ask my col -
league if he says that the Secretary of-the Treas-
ury talked to me ? He never had a conversation
with me in this Hall in his life.
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman did not come in
the last night at all. [Laughlel-.] The gentleman
was one of the absentees.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Then the gentleman
does not include me among those to whom the
Secretary of the Treasury talked?
Mr. COVODE. I have said that upon that
occasion you were one of the absentees.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 say, sir, that I was
in the House on that night; but that, for a matter
of fifteen minutes, T went out to get something to
eat. [Great laughter.] I will say further, that
the gentleman was to have sent me word, and that
lie (lid not do it. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. COYODE. The gentleman was absent
during most of the night, and next morning he
was land enough to tell me that if he thought the
thing was coming on the way it did, he would have
been here. [Great laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. "Mr. Clerk, my colleague
from the Schuylkill district, [Mr. Campbell,]
who expatiated so learnedly and curiously and
eloquently, referred to the fact that the Republi-
can members from Pennsylvania voted against
this act of 1857. Now, who does he speak for?
For, if I understand my colleague from the Dau-
phin district, [Mr. ICillinger,] he does not rec-
ognize association with any such party, but de-
clares himself to belong to the People's party.
Now, I ask my colleague from the Schuylkill dis-
trict if he is a member of the Republican party or
not?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, sir; entirely and alto-
gether—an American Republican.
Mr. FLORENCE. Now, I want to know how
many more Republicans there are from Pennsyl-
vania belonging to that destructive, sectional or-
ganization ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. We do not recognize any
sectional organization-——
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleaguefrom the Dau-
phin district [Mr. Killingeii] said truly that there
is no distinctive Republican organization in Penn-
sylvania; and I thank God there is not. I think
it redeems the soil of Pennsylvania from the asper-
sions which might well be cast upon it if there
were a distinctive Republican organization. No,
sir, they are whittled down to the little end of
nothing, and there is nothing left of them; and if
they did not sail under false colors—the People's
parly—acknowledging allegiance to the Republi-
can parly- they would be nowhere, just exactly.
So much for that.
My friend talks about free trade, and he rines
it with a malicious sneer that really makes one
almost shrink down into his seat. Free traders !
What does he mean? 1 ask him whether the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bo-
cock,] whom I supported cheerfully, and with all
my heart, for Speaker, is a free trader, as he un-
derstands it, or in favor of direct taxation? Be-
cause I tell him, if he says so, that he docs not
speak truthfully. Heisnotafrce trader; he voted
for the tariff act of 1857, if I understand his posi-
tion, proving conclusively that he was in favor of
a tariff, and a revenue tariff, with that incidental
protection which a revenue tariff gives to the dif-
ferent interests of the country. My colleague
says that the candidate he supports is a protective-
tariff man; and he says that he will answer ques-
tions. Why, sir, he is a dumb candidate. He is
dumb as a lamb before his shearers, and " open-
eth not his mouth." He sits here all the while,
but does not reply to a single call, or even respond
to his name when it is called; and he might as well
be outside of the House, for all practical pur-
poses, until the election of a Speaker.
The other day, however, the gentleman did ruler
us to his record for an answer to our questions;
and he took the ground—and I think it a very
proper one—that it was a degree of impertinence,
which ought not to be allowed in this House-, to
be continuallyasking-agentlcman questions. The
gentleman stands upon his record here. That is
what I stand upon. When I go home, I refer to
it, and my constituents have been pretty good in
sending mo back upon that record; and that is the
reason why I told the gentleman over the way, in
advance, that I am not in the confessional here
to answer any questions which he may propound;
for I do not agree with him in a single opinion,
and God forbid that I should. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, my friend from the Schuylkill dis-
trict [Mr. Campbell] was not in the last Con-
gress; but. my friend from the Westmoreland
district [Mr. Covode] has referred to the fact that
we of Pennsylvania stood as a unit for what was
understood to be the interests of Pennsylvania.
We did, and 1 stood with that gentleman. Esprit
de corps, says a gentleman near me. A glorious
band they must have been, to receive the com-
mendation and support of my intense friend from
the Westmoreland district, "[Mr. Covode,] and
a very clever gentleman ho is, by the way, [laugh-
ter,] but that is in parentheses. We did stand up
for what we understood to be the interests of
Pennsylvania. I supposed 1 was representing
the views of my people, and they gave me evi-
dence that I was, in sending me back to this
House.
But the gentleman from the Westmoreland dis-
trict says 1 deserted the interests of Pennsylvania
on the morning of the last day of Congress. If
it was desertion to vote to keep the wheels of the
Government in motion, I did desert; but I have
not been adjudged a deserter by my constituents
yet, for that act. I have in my district a large
class of people who depend upon the proceeds of
their labor for their support. I knew very well
that if the wheels of Government stopped" they
could not get anything to put into their mouths,
and 1 thought it very much better that the public
creditors should be fed, and that they should be
paid, than that we, should stop the wheels of
Government upon the idle idea that the gentleman
entertained, that in three hours and a half a bill
could be matured and passed through both Houses,
to change the tariff act of 1857.
Mr. COVODE. I want to ask the gentleman
from the first district of Pennsylvania whether
stopping the iron works of Pennsylvania, and
closing the coal mines, did not throw more men
out of employment than would have been thrown
out by the stopping of the Philadelphia liavy-
yard? [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not refer to the navy-
yard. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man',] made a pretty strong effort to stop the
navy-yard. I did not speak of the navy-yard.
That is a specter that haunts these gentlemen
every time when I appear. [Laughter.] I repre-
scnt'a people who work in the navy-yard. I rep-
resent a people who need defenders here, and
whenever my voice can be raised for them here in
defense of their just rights and privileges, it will
always be raised for them, as it is raised for the
proper observance of all lows, and in defense of
the equality and rights of the people of all the
States of the Union. The same principle governs
me ill that, that governs me in my course as a
member of this House in my votes upon this
floor.
Mr. COVODE. I would ask my colleague
whether he represents here a majority of his con-
stituents or only a plurality?
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I presume I do. I
take it for granted I do. There was a little diver-
sion in my district at the last election, but that did
not interfere with me; it interfered with the other
men. [Laughter.] I tell the gentleman, if lie
asks me, that upon the great question that is pre-
sented to us in this contest, the question of the
maintenance of the equality and rights of the
people of all the States, in the enjoyment in com-
mon of the common pioperty of the Union, I do
represent nine tenths of my constituents; and I
say, furthermore, to my friends from the South,
that I believe the public heart of the North is sound
upon that question. [Laughter from the Repub-
lican side.] And I am ready, when a candidate
is presented, to raise my humble and feeble voice
in advocacy of that doctrine. I trust the issue will
be presented by the nomination of the distinguished
standard bearer of the " irrepressible-conflict"
doctrine. Let us have a light. We will fight it out
arid v-p will drive him hack into oblivion, or I am
more mistaken than I ever was in my life. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I want to get the at-
tention of my colleagues from Pennsylvania to
another record. These records are unfortunate
things for their candidate for Speaker. My col-
leagues call me to task because I do not vote for
Mr. Sherman. I said that Mr. Sherman pre-
ferred the tariff of 1857 to the tariff of 1846. I
intend to prove that fact. Mr. Sherman shakes
his head.
At the last session, Mr. Hughes, of -Indiana,
moved to suspend the rules, in order to introduce
the following bill:
"Beit enacted, That the act of Congress, approved March
3,1857, entitled, 'An act reducing the duties on imports, and
foi other purposes,' be, and the same is hereby, repealed;and
the art of Congress, approved July 30,1846, entitled, 'An
act reducing the duties on imports, and for other "purposes,'
be, and the same is hereby, revived, reentered, and put into
force."
On the motion to suspend the rules the yeas and
nays were taken. On page 1364 of the Congres-
sional Globe, for 1859, will be found the yeas and
nays; and among the nayswill bo found the flame
of John Sherman._ He voted against suspend-
ing the rules to revive the tariff of 1846 and repeal
the tariff of 1857. There is the record.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to make a personal
explanation. I notice by the report in the Globe
on the vote taken for Speaker yesterday, that the
fact was not noticed that I was paired with the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley.] I desire to
say now, to the House and to my constituents,
that on every vote that has been taken for Speaker
on which my name is not recorded, I have been
paired with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ash-
lev,] who has had the magnanimity and kindness
to comply with my wish. And when I state the
reason why he has indulged mo on every appli-
cation, as a matter of personal courtesy to me, I
am sure none of his constituents or associates on
this floor will object to the act. In every case
where I have paired and where, consequently, my
vote is not recorded, my attendance has been ne-
cessary on a sick wife who has been under the
charge of a physician from the commencement of
the session to the present time. I was called off
yesterday to attend upon her, and the gentleman
from Ohio paired with me.
I desire to say further, inasmuch as I under-
stand that some complaints have been made in his
district, that Mr. Ashley has voted here persist-
ently, from the first day, for Mr. Sherman, and
that his pair with mc did not affect the result, be-
cause, although not very well myself, I could have
been present here in case of actual necessity. But
since the gentleman from Ohio was kind enough
to oblige me, I trust that none of his constituents
or of his Republican associates will make it a
matter of complaint, that he has so far indulged
me under the circumstances.
I make this explanation, not only as a matter
of justice to myself, but as a matter of justice to
the gentleman from Ohio, to whom I am very glad
to acknowledge my obligations, trusting that
hereafter I may have no occasion to call on him
or any other gentleman on the other side.
Mr. BOYCE resumed the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 think the temper
of the House is such that it would rather proceed
now to ballot for Speaker than listen to the re-
mainder of the gentleman's speech, which we can
hear more profitably in the morning. If, there-
fore, the gentleman from South Carolina will give
way, I will move to proceed to a ballot.
Mr. BOYCE. I yield for that purpose. I am
willing to do anything that the House thinks
proper.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move a call of the House.
| Mr. STANTON. If the House will hear me
for a single moment, I desire to submit a sugges-
tion in connection with voting. We have been
balloting here now for four weeks; and I think it
perfectly clear that additional balloting, in the
present condition of things, can amount to noth-
ing. It must bo perfectly apparent to every gen-
tleman that this House"can never be organized
except under the plurality rule. There are some
gentlemen who hold in their bands the balance
of power. They know what they intend to do
when they are brought to vote for a Speaker
under the -plurality rule. I can see no reason
