294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
December 30,
why they cannot do it now. If they intend to vote
against the candidate of the Republican party,
let them do it. If they intend to vote for him, let
them do it. If they intend to throw away their
votes under the plurality rule, I can see no reason
why they do not retire from the Hall, and permit
the majority of a smaller number to elect. That,
however, is their business. Now, what I was
about to suggest is this: whether the House will
not consent that a vote maybe taken on the reso-
lution to elect by a plurality,.fixing the day on
which the vote is to be taken, under that rule, at
any time that will suit the convenience of gentle-
men, and when they can have all their strength
present.
Several Democratic Members expressed dis-
sent.
Mr. WINSLOW. I take it for granted that
none of us want to sit here on Monday, which is
universally observed as a holiday. None of us
have had a single day this session to attend to
our private business, or to attend to business at
the Departments. Now, I propose that, by gen-
eral consent, and without taking the yeas and
nays, we agree to adjourn till Tuesday morning.
This will give us two or three days to reflect
seriously and to deliberate.
Mr. STANTON. I apprehend that there is
no objection in the world to adjourn from to-
morrow till Tuesday. 1 do not know that there
is to adjourn from to-day.
Mr. WINSLOW. As I said, we have not laid
a single day this session to attend to our private
business, or business at the Departments; and,
perhaps, if we had to-morrow and Sunday and
Monday to deliberate, we might come to some
conclusion.
Mr. STANTON. I have 110 objection in the
world to the gentleman submitting a motion to
adjourn till Tuesday.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Before the gentle-
man submits his motion, let me make a remark.
The gentleman from Ohio makes a suggestion. I
have nothing to say about the plurality rule. Rut
I give notice to the House that, after to-day, I
will move that a vote be taken upon my resolu-
tion, and force that vote, if I have tlie power under
parliamentary law to enforce it. That resolution
has priority of the plurality resolution, unless the
resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
i-orreet the Journal shall take precedence. if he
insists upon that resolution, let him doit. But,
sir, 1 shall press the vote from this day forward,
upon my resolution, before there is another ballot
for Speaker. We cannot say who ought to be
Speaker; but we can say who ought not to be
Speaker. I do not want to interfere. If it is the
pleasure of the House to adjourn to Tuesday, let
it be so. There are some gentlemen absent lYum
the Hall 011 both sides, as 1 understand. 1 do 1101.
want to press the matter against the wish tif my
friends; but. I dt-Mre a \ote on my resolution b< -
fore there is a vote for Speaker. It >m-<i 1 r to he
taken; and,so far as 1 am concerned, I repeat that
1 will press it.
Mr. WINSLOW. It is very evident that, we
shall not arrive a* any agreement to-day in refer-
ence to this matter. I desire to say,in reference
to the motion which I make to adjourn over, that
the Clerk of the. House has been verv sick during
rhc past week. He has had chills, ( understand,
every day. i tun informed that such is the con-
dition of almost all the officers of the House that
they absolutely need some rest and quiet. I there-
fore submit the motion, that when the House ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet 011 Tuesday
next.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 wish to say a single word
in reply to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Clark.] I am perfectly willing to reach the res-
olution that he has offered, 111 the right way; but,
as I believe there are several motions now pend-
ing before the House which have precedence of
bis, upon one of which I have been very anxious,
tor a long time past, to reach a vote^ I wish to
way to him that 1 am unwilling a vote should be
taken 011 his resolution until it shall he reached
in its proper order. I have had pending for the
last two weeks a privileged question of the highest
order—a correction of the Journal; and as it has
been determined here that all questions, 110 matter*
of what character they may be, are open to in-
terminable debate; as there is nothing to prevent
any gentleman from speaking here for the tarns
length of time it took to deluge the world—forty
days and forty nights—and as a vote can only be
reached when the House determines it shall be
reached, I wish, before the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Missouri shall be subjected to a vote
of the House, that I may have the Journal cor-
rected, or at least that it shall be decided that it
needs no correction.
If it shall so be decided, then I propose to have
a vote upon my question of order, which arises
upon my submission of the plurality resolution,
that that plurality resolution has precedence and
priority of his resolution. If it shall be decided
that the resolution which I had the privilege of
offering had not priority over his, as I supposed
it to have; and if that be determined by a nega-
tive vote, then we come down directly to the sub-
stitute proposed by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmf.r,] and if that shall be de-
cided in the negative, then we reach by regular
and proper steps the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri.
Now, I am perfectly satisfied myself—and in-
deed I think all the members of this body are—
that no election for Speaker can be had here by
a majority vote. Then the question comes up
whether we shall deteimine to filibuster through
the time of this session. Shall we determine to
go on till next spring withoutouraction resulting
in organization? I, myself, have a choice as to the
individual who should preside over the delibera-
tions of this body; but if I were satisfied that those
to whom I at this moment stand opposed had a
majority or a plurality here, I should still vote for
the plurality resolution, because 1 tlunk it is
needful to the interests of the country that this
House should be organized. We have stood here
long enough upon principle. We have defined
our positions before the country; or, if any of us
have failed up to this time to do so, I think the
country has patience enough to wait a little while
longer.
Now, I am perfectly satisfied that these ballot-
ings through which we are going every day are
more fliatters of form. Every man here under-
stands them to be matters of form. We have re-
solved that we will not be organized, because we
have resolved that the plurality resolution shall
not be introduced. It must be determined sooner
or late)'. 1 ,U)i anxious, in vself, to vote upon prop-
ositions which are brought before this body. I
will interpose 110 motions for delay. Mine was
not intended at all to interfere with the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Missouri. I will
take my responsibility in my vote 011 that, as on
all other questions.
What I ask at this time is to state this matter
distinctly—that I go for an organization of this
House; and as it cannot, be effected by a majority
vote, I go foi pie&.sing tin- plurality nile. And'l
wish it now lo be distinctly understood that I in-
sist 011 I lait at all time*; and those who speak are
interfering with my resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania wishes a vote on his point of order. If that
is decided in lus favor, what does lie next pro-
pose ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish first a vote upon my
privileged question.
Mr. WINSLOW. Suppose that is determined
affirmatively in your favor, what is the next
step ?
Mr. HICKMAN,
the question of order.
Mr. WINSLOW.
Mr. HICKMAN.
Tlv:n I want a vote upon
What is that ?
That the plurality resolu-
tion has precedence over the other resolutions.
Mr. WINSLOW". Btitif that were decided 111
the affirmative, it would bring us at once to the
plurality resolution ?
Mr. HICKMAN. That brings us up 10 ihe
plurality resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. It is no use to talk about
what cannot be done. I assure my friend from
Pennsylvania that he cannot get a vote 011 the
plurality resolution until we have a vote 011 the
resolution of the gentleman from Missouri.
Now, to show that I am disposed to do every-
thing towards an organization of the House, I
will make a proposition. I believe I introduced,
some days ago, a resolution to adjourn this House
till the 5th of January; and every day since the
Clerk has announced that to be tile' question for
discussion. Now, I will withdraw that motion,
if my friend from Pennsylvania will withdraw his
point of order, and let us vote directly on the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Missouri, and then
he may present his plurality resolution.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will respond to that offer
in a becoming spirit; and to show that I have no
disposition for delay, I will agree to withdraw
everything that stands on the Journal or before
the House, subsequent to the resolution of the
gentleman .from Missouri; and I will agree, so far
as I am concerned, to take a straight, square vote-
on that resolution, and on the substitute offered
by the gentleman from North Carolina, provided
that the other side of the House will agree to
allow these votes to be taken without discussion,
and that immediately thereafter they will take a
square vote on the plurality resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. As to the latter part of the
gentleman's proposition, I am not authorized to
accept it; and indeed, personally, I could not ac-
cede to it.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then, sir, I desire to say
this very distinctly and very positively, that, when
I offered my plurality resolution; when I raised
the question of order upon its reception; and when
I made my motion to correct the Journal, I did
so in good faith, believing that I had a proper
foundation upon which to rest them. And, so
far as my action is concerned, I never will allow
a vote tq be taken upon the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] or upon the
substitute of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Gilmer,] until votes shall be first taken upon
my propositions.
Mi. WINSLOW. Gentlemen know that I have
at no time during the session unnecessarily occu-
pied the attention of members; nor will I now do
so. For what I have done, and the position I
have taken, I am before the country, and willing
to take my share of responsibility. But, sir, let
that pass.
Mr. Clerk, I hold it to be undoubted, in a par-
liamentary as well as in a practical sense, that.a'1
legislative assemblies, 111 their primary condition,
1 are to be divided into two great parties, those who
I are in favor and those who are opposed to the in-
cumbent administration of Government. Soitis
in England, and so it should be here if it is not so
! now. We want an organization of the House of
j Representatives. That organization is, then, to
be effected by those who support this Government
; or those who oppose it. What is the controlling
! fact ? The members who are opposed to the pres-
I cut administration of the Government number a
j clear majority of forty-six votes. If, therefore,
| they cannot unite upon some common man, in
; order to seat him ill the Speaker's chair, upon
■ what principle of justice or fairness can they ex-
pect us, who support the Government, to come to
their aid ? Gentlemen upon all sides will bear me
witness that I have endeavored earnestly and ill
good faith, so far as it was within my power, con-
sistently with my principles of right, to secure an
organization of this House. In order toeffectan
organization, I have forgotten my party prejudices
and instincts, and voted for an American. I am
willing to vote for a gentleman of the anti-Lecomp-
ton party. I am willing, sir, to vote for anybody
outside of the Republican party. Who, in fair-
ness, can ask more at my hands ? Can the Repub-
lican party expect me to vote with them, and help
organize the House by the election of one of them
as Speaker? Certainly not; nor can any such
tiling be asked or expected from the national and
conservative men of this side.
There is no earthly chance for a vote upon the
plurality rule this year. Why, sir, before its
adoption can be decided it must be debated, and
up to this moment not one word has been uttered
on the subject. I appeal, therefore, to the House,
for our own sakes, for the sake, sir, of the officers
of the House, I appeal as a personal favor to you,
Mr. Clerk, that my motion be adopted, and that
the House adjourn over from this day until Tues-
day next,
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Clerk, I wish to say
but a single word, and it is this; when we reach
the plurality rule there will doubtless be some-
thing to be said upon both sides. Sufficient for
the day is the evil thereof. I am equally im-
pressed, with the honorablegentlcmanfromNorth
Carolina, that no good can result from any vote
taken at this time; that it will be a mere matter of
form; and, as I understand the Clerk of the House
