1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Mississippi a question for in-
formation. It is, whether he does not remember
that, when the Nebraska contested-election case
of Bennett and Chapman was before the House,
the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Stephens, read
and commented upon ex parte affidavits before the
committee, and that the whole question was de-
cided upon them? And I presume that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi voted entirely on that
question upon testimony not before the House.
Mr. BAltKSDALE, I desire to say that I
have no recollection of that case.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
will find that it is so.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My point is, that the
gentleman from Michigan has no right to speak
of facts in the case which are not contained in the
record. While he is speaking under the permis-
sion of the House, he should confine his remarks
to the matters I have indicated.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The House granted the
privilege to the gentleman from Michigan of mak-
ing any comments he pleased upon this case.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman has not
the right to go outside of the record and state
facts not in the case. That is the point I make.
Mr. CLARK} of Missouri. I raise this point:
when the House, by its resolution, agreed to let
the contestant speak in his case, as a matter of
course it was to the case reported by the com-
mittee; and that case is contained in the respect-
ive reports of the majority and minority of the
committee. He has no leave, under that resolu-
tion of the House, to range outside, and speak of
facts not contained in the case.
Mr. GOOCH. I wonder that this point did
not occur to gentlemen yesterday when newspa-
per articles wore read by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Sickles.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides, upon the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, that the House having
granted permission to the contestant to be heard,
as long as his remarks are germane to the case
under consideration, gentlemen cannot call him
to order. The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. HOWARD, (contestant.) Allusion has
been made to the case which was discussed and
decided yesterday. That was an application for
further time. So is this. In one respect they
are alike.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to make this
remark to the gentleman from Michigan: that he
has been allowed to address the House upon this
case, and not to give testimony in the case.
Mr. HOWARD, (contestant.) 1 am not giving
testimony in the case. ^
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 understand the gentle-
man to be stating facts and giving testimony in
the case, for that is the effect of the gentleman's
speech.
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the gentleman
from Mississippi that the gentleman from Mich-
igan is stating an argument in reply to what has
been said.
Mr. BARKSDALE. But he is stating facts
not contained in the record, and testifying in the
cause.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
made his decision m conformity to the action of
the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a point of
order. 1 understand that the gentleman from
Michigan is proceeding to make statements of
facts which lie says are within his own knowl-
edge, but which he acknowledges are not within
the record.
Mr. HOWARD, (contestant.) I said no such
thing; but 3 have long since passed that point.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well, then, I
have no objection to his proceeding
Mr. HOWARD, (contestant.) I was saying
that the case decided yesterday, and the case now
before the House, were alike in one respect, for
both are applications for further time. In every
other respect they are unlike. Nearly the whole
of the debate yesterday turned upon this point:
whether the action of the board of canvassers of
the State of New York put that case under the
law of 1851. It was concedcd, on all hands, that,
if ft was put there by the action of that board, it
remained there; and the limitation of that act ap-
plied to it, and there could be no remedy. My
learned friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Gil-
mer,] the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions, took the view of it that the action of the
board had put that case under the act of 1851; and
he was indignant that a case should be brought
here in which the laches had been so great. Others
took a different view, and thought it ought to be
granted; for the reason that, in their judgment,
the case was never under the law; and therefore,
the limitations of the law never applied to it. Now,
sir, it is conceded, on all hands, by the sitting
member and by myself, and by the majority and
the minority of the committee, that this case was
always under the law. The law commenced run-
ning, with its limitation; and it continued to run
till the limitation expired. There is no dispute
about that. Now, sir, I do not believe that there
are twenty men in the House who would have
voted to give Williamson the time asked, if they
had believed that his case was fairly and squarely
under the Itiw. If the State canvassers had de-
termined the election, and issued their certificate,
then the law would have run against Williamson;
and his application would have been refused on
account of laches, it would have been monstrous
to have asked this House to have done otherwise
than refuse it.
Now, sir, the election in New York and the
election in Michigan were held on the same day.
I state a fcict. Whether it is outside of the rec-
ord or not, I suppose it may come into the case.
The elections, 1 say, were held on the same day;
and yet this application of the sitting member was
not made until weeks after Williamson made his.
The laches is greater in this case than it would
have been in Williamson's, even if Williamson's
had been admitted to be under the law.
Mr. COOPER. I made the application the first
time that the case .was called on.
Mr. HOWARD, (contestant.) The sitting
member made his application on the 5th day of
March, 1S60. I do not know on what day Wil-
liamson made his application; but I do know that
the sittingmcmberfromNew York [Mr. Sickles,]
filed his answer on the 21st of February, two
weeks before. There has been laches enough,
since the Committee of Elections was appointed,
to cut off the sitting member in this application,
under the rule laid down in Newland vs. Graham.
That case occurred before the passage of the law
of 1851, but that makes it all the stronger. If,
when the law left the matter altogether uncertain,
and at the discretion of the House, the House
would not grant time, will it do so here, and o\ er-
rido the law ? All the authorities, in cases wiiere
applications were refused before the passage of
the law, are stronger under the law than they
were before.
Now, then, I have this point to make. I wish
to put it to gentlemen, how can any one of the
sixty-four men who voted yesterday against giv-
ing Williamson time, vote to-day to give Cooper
time, while Cooper's application was not made
till several weeks after Williamson's was, and
while both elections took place on the same day'
How can any one of the sixty-four who refused
to grant time to Williamson, under the belief that
he was under the law, do otherwise than refuse
to grant time to Cooper, whom they admit to be
underthe law,and whoselachesoutruns William-
son's by several weeks ?
I beg to call the attention of the gentleman from
Kentucky to a single point in the minority report.
It is the one alluded to by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Campbell :]
" Jt n claimed, howevos, on tlie othci side, that Cooper
should have f.cived a notice on Howard, arid gone on with
his ptoof after the cxpiiation ot the sixty days, although it
is admitted that such testimony could not have been read
without the contestants consent. No uiie ot' law can be
found in ruppoit of Mich a position. The Jaw never re-
i' qu;res any iitisant to take testimony which it is incompe-
l tent to read without the eom.cnt of tiie advene paity. No
; authenticated ca-e can hi iound in support of such a po-
sition."
What position? The position that he ought to
have served notice after the expiration of sixty
days, and gone on taking testimony, and come
here and asked to have it received. They say no
authentic case can be found for that; and yet in
the Vallandigham case, the majority of the com-
mittee used this precise language; the committee
there express the opinion that—
"If eithei party to a ease of contested flection bhould
desire fnither tune, and Confess should not he then m
session, he should give notice to the opposite paity, and
proceed in taking testimony, and preserve the same, and
ask that it be received, and, upon c;ood reason beins shown,
it doubtless would be allowed ; but it seems too much to
grant in this ease, for either of the reasons stated."
That is the exact point raised on the 35th page
of the minority report. Two of the honorable
gentlemen who signed the minority report in this
case, signed the majority repoit in the Vallan-
digham case, with this precise language in it; ai^id
I believe that three of the honorable gentlemen
who signed the minority report hero voted4n the
House to sustain the majority report in the Val-
landigham case.
Mr. STEVENSON. _ I ask the gentleman
whether Mr. Campbell did not inform Mr. Val-
landigham by letter that he intended to take testi-
mony beyond the sixty days?
Mr. HOWARD, (contestant.) I think he did;
but that has nothing to do with this point. Now,
in the minority repoit in this case, the objection
is stated m almost the same language as it was
stated in the majority report in the Vallandig-
ham ca.se. I have every confidence in, and re-
spect for, every* one of these gentlemen; but I
have not quite as much respect for their accuracy
in this particular case as I should wish to have.
I do not say that their opinion or their action is
at all influenced by the principle shadowed forth
in the fable in Webster's old spelling-book. I
do not say that, by any possibility, it makes a
difference with any one of these gentlemen as to
whose bull it was, or whose ox it was; but I do
say that no man can read these two passages, the
one from the minority report in this case, and
the other from the majority report in the Vallan-
digham case, without remembering that fable, if
he ever read it. The fact is, that one of them is
tweedle-dum, and the other one is most essen-
tially tweedle-dee. I again appeal to gentlemen
to compare these cases. They arc alike in one
respect; namely, they both ask for time. Wil-
liamson asked lor time on the express ground
that his case was not under the law. But in this
case the laches would have been worse than in
that, even if both were under the law—worse, by
several weeks.
Now, how can any one of the sixty-four vote to
grant time in this case, where not an intimation
was ever given by the sitting member that he
wished the privilege of anything, except the cross-
examination of my witnesses? I am informed
that Mr. Williamson Js petition was filed on the
9th of February—the day the committee was ap-
pointed—while this application was not made till
jj the 5th of March, nearly four weeks afterwaids.
If the bitting member had moved in this matter
!i the day the committee was appointed, he could
j, have had his thirty days, and we could be arguing
j| this case now on its merits, to say nothing about
the ladies that had occurred before.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the attention of the
House to the language of the report of the ma-
joiity. They say:
" Mr. Cooper presented this? application on the 5th of
March instant, more than sixteen jiionths after the election
was held, and more than Jourtcc.i i.xont!i$ after notice of
contest; moio than thnteen nsonths aiter his answer had
been saved upon the contestant; more than eleven months
aft^r the time foi tak'ns: testimony under the law had ex-
ptted, <md after one half of the time of the set vice of tho
Congress had elap-ed ; he nevei having previously exam-
ined" any witnes&or taken any testimony in Ills own behalf,
or given any notice of Ins intention to do to. And yet it
appeals he was present, by eounsei, more than eleven
months betore he made this application, at the taking ot all
the testimony m the ca«e, and ero-^-twamined evciy one
of coriu'stam's witnesses, but ofifcied none of in-, own.
'• ff this does not present a clear easeoi iaeheson the part
of the sittmi? member, the committee ate at alo^s to know
what conceivaole state of facts would make one."
I wish now, sir, to pay my respects to a point
which is pressed here with great earnestness, viz.:
the fact that Edgar's testimony was taken on the
last day of the sixty, or the fast day that testi-
mony could be taken; and it is contended that this
application should be granted for that reason. I
wish to call the special attention of the minority
of the committee to one point. In the ease of
Vallandigham vs. Campbell, the allegation was,
that Vallandigham had not only taken testimony,
important testimony, on the last day, but that he
had taken testimony on every one of the days: or
atleast, that his notices covered every one, and
he had so laid them one upon another that they
actually covered sixty-six days instead ot sixty,
and yet the committee refused to extend the time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I am
