1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
is indisposed and will not be able to stand further
fatigue to-day, I am willing to go with the gen-
tleman from North Carolina for an adjournment
of the House now and for an adjournment over
from this day until Tuesday next.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Before the ques-
tion is taken upon the adjournment, I wish to say
a word or two.
Mr. Clerk, when I stated that I would press a
vote upon my resolution I did not mean to be un-
derstood that I desired the plurality rule to obtain.
I deprecate the movement for the adoption of the
plurality rule. I do not suppose, sir, that there is
a member upon this floor outside of the Republi-
can party who would vote for that rule. I my-
self consider any gentleman who would vote for
the plurality rule in the present condition of the
House, as responsible for the election of a Repub-
lican Speaker as if ho directly voted for one, and
more so, sir; my purpose, sir, is to get an expres-
sion of the House as to the fitness of a Repub-
lican to be Speaker of this House. The coun-
try expects us to decide upon the fitness of the
Republican candidate to be Speaker of this House.
That is the question we have debated, and that is
the question the country wants decided. The
motion of the gentleman from Bennsylvama, [Mr.
Hickman,] for the correction of the Journal, I
regarded at the time as out of place, and an expe-
dient to evade a vote upon my resolution. The
substitute offered by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] I looked upon in the
same manner. Sir, my resolution is a plain one.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to say that my res-
olution was offered for no such purpose as that
stated by the gentleman from Missouri. I am
perfectly willing at all times that that gentleman's
resolution shall be reached; but, sir, it must be
reached regularly. My resolution was offered in
good fiuth, and for a specific purpose.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to make thatavo v.'al
when he was first upon the floor. Those who
want to meet the question of my resolution fairly
on both sides of the House, have nothing to do
but to face the music, and vote " ay" or " no"
upon it. If it is carried, then there is an expres-
sion of the House as to the fitness of a certain
gentleman for Speaker. After the question has
Been decided upon my resolution, the question
may come up on the plurality rule.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think that what the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania and the gentleman from
Missouri are talking about, is the subject of future
negotiation. I believe I have the floor. If 1 have,
I decline to yield further.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I wish to make one
remark more, and I am done.
Mr. GILMER. I wish to make a word of ex-
planation.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I shall vote against
the plurality rule; and first, and before all things,
I insist upon a vote upon my resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. I want a vote upon my
motion that, when the House adjournn, it adjourn
to meet on Tuesday next.
Mr. BUFFINTON demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wasiibtjrn,
of Maine, and Peyton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 44, noes 15.
So (one fifth voting in favor thereof) the yeas
and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. A call of the
yeas and nays will answer just as well as a call
of the House. We may as well have the yeas
and nays upon this question as upon any other,
and then we can take a vote for Speaker. [Cries
of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to offer a res-
olution, and I ask that it may be read for infor-
mation.
The CLERK. A resolution is not m order
while the House is dividing upon the pending
question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. It can be read by
unanimous consent. [Cries of " Object!" from
the Republican benches.]
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. An-
derson, William C. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale,
Barrett, Bocoek, Boteler, Bouligny, Boycc, Biabson,
Branch, liriggs, Bristow, Buieh, Burnett, Clemens, Clop-
ton, Cobb, John Coclnane, Cooper, Corwin, Crawford,
Davidson, 11. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis,
De Jaineltc, Edmund^on, English, Florence, Fouke, Gar-
nett, Gartieli,llall, Hamilton, Hiydeman, J. Morrison Har
ris, JolmT. Harris Hatton, Hawkins, Iliekman, Hill, Hind-
man, Holman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, Keitt,
Kunkel, Lamar. Lari abee, James M. Leaeli, Leake, Logan,
Love, Mailory,'Chailcs D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, May-
nard,McClernaiid, McQueen, Mcilac, Miles, Millson, Mill-
w.ud, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Edward Jov Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack,
Noell, Peyton, Phelps, l'ryor, Pugli, Quarles, Reagan,
James C. Robinson, Ituthn, Scott, Scianton, Sickles,
Simins, Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
Stanton, James A. Stewait, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Tay-
lor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandighain, \ ance, Webster,
Wlntelov, Winslow, and Wright—106.
nays—Messrs. Cliarles F. Adams, Aidrieh, Allen, Alley,
Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair,,Blake, fionhain,
Brajtoii,ButTinton, Burlingauic, Burilhain, Burroughs, But-
tcifield, Campbell, Carey, Case, John B. Clark, Coif:)*,
Conkling, Cox, Burton Ciaige, Curtis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge,
Fainswoith, Fenv, Foster, Frank, Fiench,Gilmer, Gooeh,
Graham, Giow, Gurley, Hale, Haskin, Helmiek, Hoard,
Iiowaid, Humphrey, Ilutcliins, Irvine, Junkm, Fianeis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgoie, Killineer, De
WittC. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maiston,McKean,
McKnight, McPlierson, Morrill, Morse, OUn, Palmer, Pen-
dleton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Poiter, Potter, Pottle,
Iiiec,Kiggs, Christophei Robinson. Itoyce, Schwann,Sher-
man, Somes, Spaulding, Spmnei, William Stewait, Tap-
pan, Thayoi, Theakei, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble, Van-
devei, Wade, Waldron, Walton, C'adwalader C. Washburn,
Elhliu 1). Wa«hbume, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson,
Windoin, and Woodiuff—105.
So Mr. Winslow's motion was agreed to.
During the call—
Mr. BONHAM said: I would vote cheerfully
for a motion to adjourn until Tuesday week, but
1 vote " No," upon this question.
Mr. FLORENCE slated that Mr. Verree had
paired off with Mr. DfkMiCK.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri, stated that
Mr. Woodsun had paiied off with Mr. Moon-
11ead.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. MOORE, of AJabama, stated that Mr.
Curry, being ill, had paired off with Mr. Fentonp.
Mr. PEYTON moved that the reading of the
names be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The result was then announced as abo\c re-
corded.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the House now
proceed to a vote for Speaker.
The CLERK. The pending question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. HOLMAN. My attention has been called
to a telegraphic report of the proceedings of this
House, of the 20th instant, which does great in-
justice to a portion of my constituents. The par-
agraph is as follows:
" Mi. Looin read an account of a Republican meeting
held ill Aurora, Indiana, sympathizing with Blown.''
I desire to state that the city of Aurora—one of
the flourishing cities of Indiana—is a city loyal to
the Constitution and to the laws of the land, and
that no such meeting was held there. The citi-
zens of that place are not willing to rest under the
imputation, for a moment, of having sympathized
with men who disturb the peace of the country.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I rise to make a personal
explanation, and I ask the gentleman from North
Carolina to withdraw his motion for that purpose.
Mr. WINSLOW. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose, if the gentleman will give me the
floor after he finishes his remarks.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Certainly. I desire to say,
that m the report of the colloquy which occurred
between the gentleman who occupied the floor
yesterday [Mr. Pryor] and myself, I observe the
following paragraph:
'■Mr. Pryor. I cannot allow the gentleman, under a
false, hypocntical pictense, to inject a flagitious speech
into mine."
I desire to say, that wlieu I took my seat I did
not hear that language on the pait of the gentle-
man from Virginia, though probably he used it,
as the reporters have got it. I merely wish to
state, that, I cannot understand what foundation
the gentleman had for any such allegation or such
language. I ccrtainly understood him to yield
me the floor to make an inquiry, or a series of
inquiries. As I occupied the floor by the courtesy
of the gentleman from Virginia, if I had, at any-
time during my statement, understood that he
wished to reclaim the floor, I would, doubtless,
have felt bound to yield it. But, owing to the
noise and tumult on that side of the House, witli
gentlemen calling to order, I did not hear the gen-
tleman from Virginia asking me to yield the floor.
If I had heard him, I would undoubtedly have
felt bound to'yield the floor, as loccupied itjyy
his courtesy.
Mr. PRYOR. The matter is just this: I in-
tended to yield the floor to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania for a specific purpose; and when he
went on,in violation,asl conceived,of that agree-
ment and understanding, to make a speech obnox-
iousto the line of my argument, and to the object
of my speech, I consideredit as done in bad faith.
Hence I employed the language which appears to
be offensive to him. He explains now, that he
did not hear me arresting him in that course of
argument; and with that explanation, without an-
other word, I withdraw the remark ["That's
right!" "That's good!" from the Democratic
benchcs.]
Mr. McKNIGHT. That is quite satisfactory,
sir.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine, called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Will the gentleman
withdraw that for a moment? I ask leave to in-
troduce a resolution. [Cries of " Object!" from
the Republican benches.] I ask that it be read
for information.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, and several other
Republican Members, objected.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I can read the resolu-
tion myself. I offer this resolution for the purpose
of organizing the House for twenty-four hours,
by the election of Hon. Thomas Corwin as
Speaker, in order that we may pass the deficiency
bill, and provide for redeeming the credit of the
Government and paying its contractors and cred-
itors.
[Loud cries of " Object!" and calls to order.]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is not in order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. All I want to show
is that the Republican members object to the in-
troduction of this resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 renew my motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I rise to a question of
order.
The CLERK. The motion to adjourn is pend-
ing, and a question of order cannot be raised.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I appeal from that
decision.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. { insist on
the question of adjournment being put.
The CLERK. That is precisely what the
Clerk is trying to get done, if members would
only come to order. The motion is made that
the House do now adjourn, and the yeas and nays
have been demanded on it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The motion to ad-
journ has been withdrawn. The gentleman with-
drew it with the understanding that he was to have
the floor to renew it.
The CLERK. Well, he did renew it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. He has not renewed
it. The gentleman will say so.
Mr. POTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
The question being on ordering the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn,
Mr. BUFFINTON called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Waldron
and John Cochrane were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 42, noes 130.
So (one fifth voting in favor thereof) the yeas
and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afiirmative—yeas 102, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Green Adams, Adrain, Tliomas L. An-
derson. Aveiy, Barksdale, Barrett, Bocoek, Bonham,Bote-
ler, Bouligny, Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Lnstow,
lSurcli, Buinett, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper,
Corwin, Cox, Bui ton Craige, Crawford, Davidson, 11. "in-
ter Davis, John G. Davis, lleuben Davis, De Jarnette, Ed~
mundson, English, Florence, Gamett, Gartrell, Hamilton,
