1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
March 22,
Must be received and treated as legal votes. These
illegal votes may be such, either by reason of some
disqualification in the elector, or Irom the want of
qualification. The one is affirmative; the other
negative. If the elector be disqualified by reason of
infancy, or want of citizenship, or the commission
of some inftmous crime, which deprives him of the
right of suffrage, then the contestant must allege
that John Johnson was not a legal voter, be-
cause not twenty-one years of age; or because an
alien, and not a naturalized citizen; or because in-
famous and disqualified from voting; and these
being affirmative averments, the contestant must
prove them. But where he alleges that the defect
is in the want of qualification, he simply says that
John Thompson is not legally qualified to vote,
according to the laws of Wisconsin or Michigan
or Virginia; and then the party who claims his
vote must show its validity. No man can prove
a negative; and if you throw the burden upon the
contestant to show that the party is not a legal
voter, he may introduce every man in the world
but one, and they may be all unable to state the
qualification upon which the man voted; while the
man himself may be enabled to prove affirmatively
his right to vote. All the rest may say that they
know nothing of his right to vote, and he may
be a legal voter nevertheless.
This, then, is the rule which should apply to
all cases where the vote given by the elector is
known and recorded. But it docs not the less
apply to those cases where the vote has been by
ballot.
And now, sir, I come to the consideration of
those contested-election cases occurring in States
where, under their constitutions, the vote is a
secret one. I do not know how far my argument
upon this subject will be acceptable to the House.
The principles I am about to announce have al-
ways controlled my own votes here, in every
case of contested election. I think, with all def-
erence to others, that they are sound and just.
Judging, however, from the course of decisions
here, 1 have no reason to believe that they are
very generally entertained.
I will not allow any contest respecting the le-
gality of any particular vote, once recorded on
the poll, in a State which allows this secret ballot.
When a vote is given by ballot, it is given under
a guarantee of the constitution of the State, which
intends that that vote shall be secret, and that it
shall not be inquired of. No man has a light to
break the seal of secrecy. It is not the personal
privilege of the voter; it is an institution of the
State. I think it a very bad system; but, never-
theless, where the State, in the exercise of its sov-
ereignty, determines that a voter shall vote by
secret ballot, there is 110 power upon earth that
can inquire for whom the vote was given, except
where provision is made by the law of the land,
as has been done in some of the States of the Union,
for the contingency of contested-election cases.
Are you to ascertain for whom any elector
voted ? Are you to receive the declarations of the
voter, made at the time, or before the time, or after
the time ? What are these declarations? The ob-
ject of the law, at least the object of the makers
of the law, is to secure independence in the elect-
ors. In other words, the object of the law is to
induce a man to vote one way, and to say that he
voted another. If that be not the object of the
law, then tell me how is this boasted independ-
ence secured? If itis intended thattheman should
speak truly of his vote, or that others shall give
testimony concerning his vote, how are you to
secure this independence?
You then encourage in these men a deceitful,
hypocritical, fraudulent disposition to give a vote
to Brown, and to hold out to the world that they
voted for Jones. The law intends this result.
The law invites a man to utter a falsehood, and
then, according to your practice, you make this .
falsehood the evidence of the truth, in the subse- 1
quent inquiries which you institute. Sir, I will
allow no such thing. I will not allow evidence
to be taken of the confessions of a man, which
confessions arc, by the law itself, intended to be
deceptive and fraudulent. Sir, I will not allow
such inquiries, under a law which, professedly
designed to secure the independence of one em-"
ployed under a master, encourages that man to
avoid the consequences of a vote given in opposi-
tion to his employer's wishes, by saying that he
"had given it in conformity with his wishes.
But admit that the vote given by an elector in-
volves only his own personal privilege, and that
he may disclose his secret at pleasure: still, it
cannot be dented that it was the object of the law
to secure to him the privilege of secrecy; and though
one man may waive it, a thousand may not. Tell
me, then, what will you do with those persons
who have never broken the seal of secrecy ? If,
among ten thousand voters, two thousand may
have been bold enough, or honest enough, or
fraudulent enough, to say that they voted for a
particular candidate, what will you do with the
eight thousand others who have not made any such
confession ? You do not know how they voted.
Then the theory is that upon the confession of
two thousand out of ten thousand, you will go
into an inquiry; and if you find that a majority of
the two thousand voted for the contestant, you
will give him the seat, though you do not know,
and never can know, how the eight thousand
voted. I hold that no court, no legislative body,
no human tribunal, would ever consent to enter
upon an inquiry for truth, when they knew, be-
forehand, they never could arrive at the truth.
You cannot know, you are prevented by the law
frbm knowing, how the eight thousand voted; and
yet, upon the mere ascertainment of the fact that
the two thousand disclosed their votes for A or
for B, you are to give the scat to that one of the
two candidates who appeared to have a majority
of the two thousand, without inquiring, without
knowing, and without the possibility of knowing,
how the others gave their votes. It is just as ab-
surd as if an accountant should undertake to strike
abalance of numerous dealings of two merchants,
upon the inspection of three pages out of twenty
of the debtor and creditor account; and gravely
report that A appeared to owe B, or that B ap-
peared to owe A, any particular sum of money,
because, upon three pages of the account, not
connected with the rest, he ifound that the items
preponderated in favor of one or the othcr._
Now, sir, I have said a great deal more upon
this subject than I intended; but it is only prelim-
inary to a statement of my position upon this case.
I would not grant any time for the taking of testi-
mony to a party who stated his own case so vaguely
as not to entitle him to an investigation. This, I
think, is the case with the contestant. 1 will give
some of the specifications in his notice: "That,
at the election in November, sundry ballots were
cast." Again: " Sundry ballots were counted by
the judges." Againt" Sundry persons were per-
mitted." Again: " Sundry persons were refused
to vote for him,"&c. Now,surely 110 legislative
body should institute an inquiry upon such alle-
gations as these. If the names of the voters had
been given, it would have been incumbent upon
the gentleman from Michigan, the sitting mem-
ber, to take testimony to prove that they were
legal voters.
If thetipplication were now made by the con-
testant to take further evidence, I certainly would
not feel disposed to grant it; becausc I should con-
sider that his notice was so vague and indefinite
that no evidence ought to be allowed to be taken
under it
I do not moan to say that this objection applies
to all the specifications in the notice, because four
or five of them may have been reasonably certain;
though even in the case where I think there is a
reasonable minuteness of specification, the ground
of objection to them is that they are insufficient
in point of law; as where he alleges, for instance,
■ that the inspectors of election in some cases were
j not sworn, which could hardly be a ground for
[ throwing out the votes received by them.
I I felt myself constrained to vote yesterday
| against the application of the contestant for the
1 city of New York; because, admitting the general
correctness of everything stated in his notice of
contest, I would not have gone into any inquiry
at all, because the complaint was altogether too
vague and indefinite. It was a charge to which
the sitting member might properly have de-
murred. Now, while I would not and could not
giant time to the gentleman from Michigan to
take evidence to contcst the seat of the sitting
member, the House will readily see that, after
such evidence has been taken, after the Committee
of Elections hasgone 011 to consider such evidence,
and held it proper to be received under the notice
of contest, it becomes a question whether the sit-
ting member shall take further evidence, which,
if he were the contestant, I would refuse him, but
which cannot be refused the sittingmember unless
the House is ready to say—and I presume they
are not ready to say so—that they would cxclude
all the evidence taken under this notice.
Ashe has not had an opportunity to furnish
such evidence, I say I would vote to give him
time; and that, too, without the slightest incon-
sistency between my vote yesterday and my vote
to-day. I refused to vote for time yesterday
to one petitioner. I should refuse to-day to vote
for time to the other petitioner. I would not
allow a man to take advantage of his own wrong.
I would not allow a petitioner to give a vague,
indefinite notice of contest, and to make that an
occasion for desiring further time to take evidence.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me a moment? He is laboring under
a mistake. The committee has not decided on
the testimony submitted by the parties. This is
a mere preliminary motion. Whether the evi-
dence will be received or rejeated depends on
future action. We have not yet decided whether
there is any competent evidence; or whether it is
all competent. We have had 110 action yet.
Mr. COOPER here made a remark which was
inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr.MILLSON. It may be true, Mr. Speaker,
that the committee has not yet come to any con-
clusion as to the character of the evidence; but
the very failure of the committee to report back
the petition of the contestant, with the request to
be discharged from the further consideration of
the subject, shows that they are entertaining it.
Why report this preliminary resolution against
taking further evidence ? If they regarded the
evidence of the petitioner as insufficient to found
a claim upon, why have they not reported that
fact to the House, and asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of theflfcubjeci. r X
infer,therefore, from the circumstances, that they
have made no such report, and have not asked to
be discharged; that they are proceeding to con-
sider this question as a pending question, founded
on that notice; and therefore I will not by my
vote deprive the sitting member of the opportunity
of collecting such testimony as he may bo able to
produce in answer to the complaint of the peti-
tioner; because, although I might not deem it ne-
cessary that he should take any evidence at all-,
yet I have no right to substitute my individual
impression as to what should be done, for the
deliberate judgment of this whole body.
Now, sir, I think that there is a very strong
case made out for the indulgence asked for. The
sitting member states that he desires to confute
and contradict certain statements made by one
witness in particular, whose name has been re-
ferred to as a Mr. Edgar; and it has been asked
why he did not impeach that man on the reception
of the notice that his evidence would be taken ?
That question was very fully and conclusively
answered by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stevenson;] but I desire to make an additional
answer. It is, that 1 never heard of any proceed-
ing to impeach the veracity of a person on the
mere reception of a notice from some party to a
controversy that that person would be examined
as a witness. And I do not think I hazard much,
as a lawyer, in saying that any man who should
venture to take testimony impugning the charac-
ter of a citizen as unworthy of credit, in a case in
which he had never been sworn as a witness—in
a case where, perhaps, the person himself might
never choose to be sworn as a witness—would
perhaps expose -himself to an action for slander
or libel, as the calumny may have been oral or
written.
In thiftcase, Edgar might never have chosen to
go forward as a witness. What right had Cooper,
the sitting member, to conclude that because the
contestant, Mr. Howard, gave him notice that
Edgar would bo a witness, therefore Edgar would
indeed be a witness; that he would consent to be
a witness; and that, as such witness, ho would
commit perjury ? It might have been that Edgar,
from his own knowledge of his bad reputation,
might have refused to subject himself to examin-
ation; and it would be altogether premature in
the other party, to take evidence to confute the
probable or anticipated statements, or to blacken
the character of one who was a mere possible wit-
ness, and who never had been examined in the
course of any judicial investigatipn. He must,
