206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton,
Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hindman, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, William Kellogg, Kilgore,
Kimkel, Lamar, Larrabee, James M. Leach, Logan, Love,
Mailory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Miles, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Syden-
ham Moore, Edward Joy Moras, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson,
Niblack, Noell, James C. Robinson, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor,
Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, Rutfin, Scott, Scranton,
Sickles, Simms, Singleton. William Smith, William N. H.
Smith, Stanton, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Stratton,
Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Webster, Whiteley,
Winslow, and Wright—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F.Adams, Aldnch, Allen, Alley,
William C. Anderson, Ashley, Ashmore, Babbitt, Bcale,
Bingham, Blake, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burn-
ham, Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Case, John
B. Clark, Clemens, Colfax, Conkling, Curtis, Dawes, Dela-
no, Duel!, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Erlieridge, Parns-
worth, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer, Goocli, Gra-
ham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall, Ilaskm, HehiucU, Hoard,
Hoiman, Humphrey,Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kenyon, KUlinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Loomis, L'ovejoy, Marston, Charles D. Martin, MeKean,
McKmght, McPberson, Milhvard, Montgomery, Morrill,
Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Perry, Pe'ttit, Porter, Potter,
Pottle, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz,
Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tram, Tumble, Vallandig-
hain, Vandever,Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilfedn,
Windom, and Woodruff—101.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. COVODE stated that he had paired with
Mr. Leake till Thursday next.
Mr. PEYTON moved to dispense with reading
the names.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at forty minutes past three
o'clock, p. m.) the Jiouseadjourned till Tuesday
next.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday. January 3, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. P. D. Gurley,
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
CLERKS IN THE SECRETARY^ Ol^ICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Senate,
showing the names and compensation of the per-
sons employed in J lis office during the year I&jD;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Na-
thaniel Clarlc, praying compensation for services
in preventing certain cannon falling into the hands
of the enemy during the war of 1812; which was
referred to tlie Committee on Claims.
Mr. BINGHAM presented the petition of John
Livermore, a soldier of the war of 181:2, praying
that the pay of invalid pensioners may commence
from the date of their disability; winch was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Nancy M. Gunsally, formerly widow of Lyman
M. Richmond, praying for a renewal of pension
or half pay; whu h was rdeired to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of the Gov-
ernor and other officers of the State of New York,
praying the adoption of a system of instruction
on board of the United States ships-of-war; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mi. BROWN presented an additional paper
in relation to the claim of George P. Stiles; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mi. IVERSON presented the memorial of Ed-
ward D. Tippctt, complaining of the decision of
the Court of Claims in his ease, and praying a re-
vision thereof; which was; referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Lieutenant
John L. Worden, of the Navy, complaining of |
the decision of the Court of Claims in his cose, ■
nnd praying a revision thereof; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Watertown, Wisconsin, praying the es-
tablishment of a harbor of refuge at the mouth of
Grand River, on Lake, Michigan; which was re-
ferred to the Committee* on Commerce.
He also presented two memorials of citizens of !
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, praying the establishment !
of a harbor of refuge at the mouth of Grand River !
on Luke Michigan; which were referred to the !
Committee on Commerce. !
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of John H.
Wickizer, of Illinois, praying compensation for
services and expenses incurred in taking the cen-
sus of California, in 1850; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Arkansas, in favor of
the location of the railroad to the Pacific on or
near the thirty-fifth parallel of north latitude;
which was ordered to lie on the table, no special
committee on that subject having been at present
appointed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, m favor of a law granting to the
clerk of the circuit court of each county, in said
State, a copy of the Journals of both Houses of
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, in favor of a modification of the
laws of Congress regulating trade and intercourse
with the Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas relative to confirming the selec-
tion of swamp lands, and granting patents thereto;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas relative to the passage of a law
for the relief of all persons who located lands by
preemption belonging to the Cairo and Fulton
railroad; which was lcferred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
H> also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
tuie of Arknnsas relative to redwing the price of
all public lands to all actual settlers: which -was
referred to the Committeemen public Lands.
He. also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas relative to the passage of a law
for the removal of JLhe land office for the second
land district in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He al so presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas relative to permitting actual set-
tlers on reserved lands to make entry and pur-
chase the same at the graduated price thereof;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas lelative to the passage of a law
legalizing and confirming all the entries of the
public lands belonging to the United States within
the several rdilroad reserves in said State, which
were entered in good faith; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
ROCHESTER UNION MEETING.
Mr. KING. I have had sent to me the pro-
ceedings of a Union meeting held in the city of
Rochester, m the State of New York, on Tuesday !;
the 28th day of December last, the last resolution n
of winch is as follows: !:
•• RctsOtvctl. Thar copies of the proceedings of this moot- j|
ing ho torwarded to each ot the United Btatc? Senators fiom ':
tiu*< State, and ;tH> to the number of Congress from this
district, at Washington, and that they be, and hereby aie,
respectful!) requeued to cause the same to he presented to
both Houses or' our national Legislature."
Although these proceedings appear m a news-
paper, I have a letter from the secretary of the
meeting stilting that they are the official proceed-
ings, and have been sent to me for the purpose
mentioned in that resolution. I ask leave to pre-
sent them, and I ask that the resolutions of the
meeting may be read.
Mr. BROWN. What paper is that?
Mr. KING. A Rochester paper.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tions will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
" Whereas, rcccnt events oceumng in difleient poi turns
of our common count!y have made prominent the question
of the continued union of the States composing our Con-
t^dciacv; and whoioas, it has been thought pioper for the
eiti/.em <>f Rochester to assemble in public meeting to de-
clare their sentiments on ihis question: Therefoie
£i Resoh-cd, That we affirm and reiterate our fealty and
attachment to (he Union ot tliese Slates, and that we cor-
dially unite with the. gre;it body of our people in the dec-
larationof our linn and determined purpose that this Union
' mie-t and shall be piese.ived.'
Jlesoltcd, That while we are free cm/.ens of tins great
Republic, we feel jeulou; of the iibeities we enjov under
our own independent soveieigntv, and are therebv'admon-
ished that the people of other States ol this Confedeiaey
have the tame franchise? and should be left free to enjov
them; that, while wc had an undoubted right to abolish
slavery in this Commonwealth, they have the same right
to retain that feature in their domestic institutions, found,
as it was, in nearly all the States in the original compact
that bound us together to defend the palladium of our com-
mon freedom.
" Resolved, That in our relations with the southern States,
we will, so far as in our power, cheerfully accord to them
what we claim for ourselves, the free and unmolested ex-
ercise of sovereign rights and privileges, and will manfully
and faithfully aid them in their defense against unhallowed
and treasonable designs of any combination of men, under
whatever guise, whether political, fanatical, or pseudo-re-
ligious.
" Resolved. That we hold in utter disregard and contempt
the cant and sneers of all those disorganizing and seditious
fanatics wiio go about the streets of our cities and towns
claiming to be wiser than their fathcis, and better than
their neighbors, and hold mutinous public meetings and
secrct conclaves, to impress upon the unsuspecting and
peaceable of our fellow-citizens the dangerous and unholy
doctrine that he who is not an abolitionist is a thief, a rob-
ber, and a murdeier; and we hold him moially guilty of
such dimes who openly or covertly endeavors to incite
the slaves of the South to lapine and violence, or encour-
ages tanatical emissaries to go forth on the errand of pro-
moting such an end. He is emphatically, in the judgment
of this meeting, a traitor to the social obligations that bind
us in a glorious Confederacy, and should be avoided by all
honest, conservative, and Union-loving citizens.
" Resolved, That the late insurrectionary movement of
John Brown, and those who conspired in person with him,
in his treasonable and murderous assault upon the peace-
able citizens of Virginia, at Harper's Ferry, has our most
unqualified condemnation and severest rebuke, and wc
consider his punishment, and that of his confederates, not
only just, but demanded both by the offended laws of the
country, and by the magnitude and dangerous tendency of
the offense; and should a like occasion arise, wc pledge
omselves, if need be, and to the utmost of our power, in
peison and with our fmtunes, to protect and defend the
constitutional rights and privileges of the South,and main-
tain those fraternal relations which exist between her and
the fiee State*, and which must never be severed, but held
sacred and cherished as the guarantee to the onwai d progress
of our countiy.
Resolved, That, while we icverc the teachings fiom
the pulpits of the tree States, so far as they aie confined to
the legitimate objects of church oiganization, we consider
all interference from that source, with the constitutional
lights of oui southern brethren touching the institution ot
slaveiy, not only entirely unwarranted, but calculated to
incite disloyal and treasonable action, to engender strife
and disaffection, and repugnant to most of those who wish
the spiead of the Christian religion, and desire to maintain
Intact the sacred compact which binds together these States
in one common sovereignty.
u Resolved, That we cannot too strongly rebuke the senti-
ment that the election of a Pie&ident by a uonstUational
majoiity, having views of public policy with which the
minority do not coincide, would furnish a just cause for the
dissolution ot our Union. We hold such sentiments to be
disorganizing and tiaitorou«, odious to all patriotic and
Uiuon-lovuiff men, and disgraceful to the civilization of the
age ; and we lieiebygive to our tellow-citizens East, West,
North, and South, our most solemn pledge, that whoever
may be elected Prc<ident of these United States, in a con-
stitutional way, shall receive fiom us, in the lawful dis-
charge of his duties, the same willing obedience and ener-
getic support which we have given to each and all of his
preder-essor-; and we heicby declare our firm and unalter-
able purpose to sustain and protect him, in the lawful dis-
charge ot tho^e duties, irom all enemies within or without,,
at home or abioud.
"• Revolved. That copies of the proceedings of this meet-
ing be (orw.udedto each of the United States Senators fiom
tin* State, <irid also to the membci of Congress irom this
distiict, at Washington; and that they be, and hereby are,
lespeetfully requested to cause the same to be presented to
both Houses of our national Legislatuie.'1
Mr. KING-. Mr. President, in presenting these
resolutions, and bringing the proceedings of this
meeting of citizens of the State of New York to
the attention of the Senate, I am gratified in being
able to say that neither now nor ot any time since
the Federal Constitution was adopted, have the
people of that State ever for one moment hesitated
or doubted in their attachment to our republican
form of government, or in their devotion to the
Union. They not only do not entertain hostility
to, or dissatisfaction with, the Union, but they
love their country, ond their whole country, with
all the devotion that patriotism inspires' The
people of the State of New York entertain the
sentiment common to them all—one common, res-
olute determination that "the Union must and
shall be preserved."
Desires nnd efforts may at times appenr in party
leaders to turn this common sentiment, universal
in that State, to party account. I think such ef-
fort has been made in Union meetings recently
held: but such efforts themselves prove the strength
of this sentiment which is universal there.
The proceedings of the meeting whose resolu-
tions ha\e just been read speak fur all political
parties. But, Mr. President, as a representative
of the State, without any such authority as these
resolutions furnish, I should not hesitate, on the
subject of the Union, to speak for all—for Demo-
crats and Americans as well as for Republicans.
They are all friends of the Union. At this meet-
