2260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
liament. There is the Times newspaper, which
reports with most marvelous fidelity the words
as they fall from the member's lips, and prints
them while he is actually speaking, without any
Government compensation.
Sir, I consider this an enormous abuse and
grievance, which ought to be redressed. In my
judgment, it has done more to deteriorate the char-
acter of the debates of Congress than all other
causes combined. Now, we have no discussion
here, but a dull monotony of stale, fiat, and un-
profitable didactic display. There is none of the
colloquy, none of the dramatic interest, none of
the spring and life of actual debate. And why?
Because ofthis Globe. A man does not seek the
floor under the inspiration of sudden thought,
because he knows that whatever he says will ap-
pear in print. Whether a speech be worth any-
thing or not, it appears in the Globe. The finest
outburst of oratory is awarded no more merit in
our contrivance for immortalizing stupidity than
the dullest harangue of tame mediocrity. Under
the procrustean operation of this arbitrary ma-
chine, for the support of which the people are
heavily taxed, the pigmy appears as large as the
giant. Sir, I am against it, and I hope the House
will have sense enough and manhood enough to
put an end to this abuse, and so vindicate its in-
telligence.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I desire to
say that I concur entirely with the remarks made
by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. Pryor's amendment was rejected; there
being, on a division—ayes 24, noes 98.
Mr. CURRY. I move to strike out the follow-
ing clause of the bill:
" For reporting proceedings in the Daily Globe for the sec-
ond session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, at J$7 50 per col-
umn, $8,000: Provided, That m auditing and settling the
account of John V. Rives for the reports of lloufC proceed-
ings and debates, nothing; shall foe allowed for levtaod
speeches, a report of which ha^ once been published, nor
for messages and repoit^ fiom the executive offices ot the
Government, except the annual message ot' the President
and the annual leport^ properof the head* of Departments,
nor for reports fsom committees of the Senate; and the
sixteenth section of the aet entitled ' An act making appro-
priations for certain civil expanses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th June, 18o7,' appioved lBtli Au-
gust, 1851), is hereby repealed."
As I stated the other day,a similar proposition
was made at the last session of Congress, and a
rote was had upon it in the House by yens and
nays, arid the House struck out the appropriation
for the Globe. The Committee of Ways and
Means, without any authority, as I think, and
contrary to th*  instruction of the J louse, put it in
the deficiency bill, and have also continued it m
this bill. I do not propose to anjne the question,
because I have said heretofore all that I tnink ne-
cessary to say on the subject. It is not because
I am opposed to a record of the proceedings of
Congress that I make this motion. The British
Parliament keeps a record of its proceedings. The
debates are published, and a certain number of
copies, as I understand,are paid for by the Gov-
ernment. But the reporters have no official con- .
nection with either Jiouse of Parliament. They I
arc seated in the reporters'gallery, just as the re-
porters for the Times and other newspapers in
Great Britain are; and Mr. Hansard is paid so
much, i believe, for a certain number of copies
furnished to the Government.
The same plan can be pursued here, if it is
thought desirable to keep up a record of the pro-
ceedings of Congress. 1 reg.uil it, as [ have re-
peatedly Paid, ay a tax upon legitimate debate. It
has been frequently remarki d hero, that with the
exception of the iive-minut" speeches, wc have no
legitimate debate in this House. "We certainly
have had none since I have been a member of
Congress. If members choose to write out and
publish their speeches, they would sull have op-
portunity of doing so at their own expense; and I
if they were worth publishing, they would be pre- 1
served, as speeches were before the establishment !
of the Globe. If they were worth ^reserving as !
a matter of history, tlity would be copicd by the ;
independent press; and in that,manner member^ !
would gain lor themselves all the reputation they \
ought to have, and sometimes more i
Now, Mr, Chairman, 1 lay down this pronosi- i
tion.and no man will deny it, that but for Uk- ex- :
istence of the Globe, no man would dare to rise I
th*sf House and ask permission to print a I
speech, no word nor line of which had ever been
spoken in the House. I will remark, that in the
whole history of deliberative bodies, I venture to
say, no occurrence overtook place,except in the
Congress of the United States, where this descrip-
tion of reporting is allowed; and it is done here
merely because in that way a member may trans-
fer, incorporate, and stereotype in the Globe his
own speech without any expense to himself; and
he supposes that by that means, he puts himself
in a fair way of going down to posterity.
Now, sir, I do not know how long I may con-
tinue in Congress; but I will say, that so long as
I remain here, I intend every session to move to
strike out the appropriation for this reporting.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 presented to the committee,
a few days ago, my views in reference to the
Globe, and I do not propose to repeat themto-day.
Ever since I have been in the House, this ques-
tion has annually recurred on striking out the ap-
propriation for the maintenance of the Globe. I
believe, for the reasons, which in part I stated to
the House the other day, that it ought not to
bo stricken out. I believe we ought to have an
official printed report of the proceedings of this
body; that justice to our constituents demands it;
that justice to ourselves demands that we should
have a corps of reporters here who will present,
not what they think worthy of being presented to
the country, but everything that occurs on this
door. I am not willing to place my reputation in
the hands of any gentlemen, howevermtelligent,
or however respectable they may be, who are not
responsible to me or to the body of which I am a
member. I have no objection to reports going
forth, such as are sent out from the reporters' gal-
lery. I sec a great many very excellent reports
going out through that medium, but they are ne-
cessarily partial; they do not purport to be full
reports; and will not answer our purpose, for
the reason that we should have full, accurate, and
reliable official reports of what occurs on this
floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the gen-
tleman from North Carolina if he considers it ne-
cessaiy to insert in the report of the proceedings
of this body personalities and bitter ebullitions of
feeling, as a part of our legitimate proceedings?
Mr. BRANCH. Not at all; and 1 have advo-
cated, ever since T have been a member of Con-
gress, that we should make u rule that nothing
should bepiintedm the Globe wh u h was declaied
at the time to be out of order. That would obvi-
ate many of the disorderly proceedings that occur
here. I was going on to say, when 1 was inter-
rupted by my honorable friend iromPennsylvama,
that 1 am in favor of making the reporters of this
House officers of the House. I would not have
them subject to any private individual. I would
not have them hold their office by the appoint-
ment of any private individual, or dependent for
their compensation upon any prhate individual.
They should be officers of the IIou.sc, with a sal-
ary fixed by law. The Globe should be printed,
notby a private individual, but bya Government
printing officer, along with all the mher printing
that the Government needs. That would be a
reform, and I admit it is one I would like to see
adopted.
But my honoiable friends from Virginia and
Alabama [Messrs. Piiyoji and Cnutv] spoke to
us of what js the practice m Europe. 'The hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia says that no such
thing as a system of official reporting prevails m
all Europe. Well, Mr. Chairman, thai is no
reason why it should not picvail in ours, which
is a representative Government. If my friend
can point me to one Governmexit in Europe m
which there is, m any just .sense of the term, any
representative responsibility to the people, then
1 will admit with him that there is force m his
argument. Hut, sir, we are the only fully, purely,
and truly representative body existingon the face
of the globe. Even the House of Commons m
Great Britain, although it is, to a certain extent,
a representative body", and although it is
approaching to a representation almost as pure
and perfect as our own, yet even England fails far
short of a icpresemarivu Government, We are
};ere as Itepre>->enratives,and inouVrepie&cijtfuhu
capacity our constituents have the right to know
what we do, and how we do it. If we do it m c
manner disgraceful fo ourselves, our constituents
have the right to know it; and it would be better
for the country if they would oftcner hold i*s
responsible for the manner in which wc do basi*
ness, as well as for the business we do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONKLING. I will offer an amendment
to the amendment, if necessary, in order to put a
question.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will be
allowed to proceed, unless objection is made.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to be informed by
the gentleman from North Carolina whether he
deems it due to impartiality and fullness of history,
to the members ofthis House and their constitu-
ents, that this Globe should contain, not only the
essays that are read here—and all the essays only
a part of which are read when nobody is pit-sent—-
but that it should contain matter purporting to be
speeches delivered in the active proceedings of
this House, which, in point of fact, were never
delivered at all, not one word of which was tittered
m this House in the presence of a quorum, or in
the presence of anybody? This subject occurred
to my mind at this time in part because, in the
very last Globe which I had the misfortune to see,
I observed what, according to my recollection,
was well nigh a page—perhaps not as much as
that—containing a speech delivered by a gentle-
man here, who rose and addressed " Mr. Speak-
er, "and delivered what seems to have been a very
plausible, fascinating argument, which, if I judge
by this official record, as the gentleman calls it,
must have electrified the House, to say nothing
about the galleries, when, in truth and in fact, I
was here myself until the House adjourned on
that day, and that gentleman did not address the
House at all, and nobody made any such speech,
or any part of it.
Mr. BRANCH. I reply to the gentleman from
New York, that if I had the power, I would pro-
vide that no single word should be printed in the
Globe that was not uttered on this floor. The
House will do me the justice to admit that, while
I often occupy the floor, I always do so in legiti-
mate debate. I do not revise the remarks I make,
not even those which I make cursorily. I trust
it all to the r<?porters of the House, and I find that
they put down pretty nearly what 1 say. I would
provide that not a single word should be reported
in our official debates that was not uttered upon
the flour. That is not all. I would, if it were
possible to reach it by a rule, prevent any gentle-
man writing speeches, committing them to mem-
ory, and repeating them upon this floor.
Air. TAPPAN. That evil is as bad as the
other.
Mr. BRANCH. It is just as destructive of
legitimate debate. I would abolish both evils if
I had the power.
Mr. ETHERIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make a remark,
if the gentleman will yield to me. l^or illustra-
tion, I referred to the last Globe, and to the gen-
j tleman whose speech appears there. He tells me,
what I have no doubt is true, that he obtained
i leave to print that speech without making it. 1
| am glad to make that remark, for I did not, in the
, slightest, desire to reflect in any way on thatgen-1
! tleman. If his were the only instance in which
[ it was done, it would be a trilling abuse; butmy
I point is that the evil is so great that it has turned
| what ought to be active, living debate in this
: House, into the merest false pretense; and that,
! under this system of appropriation, immense sums
! of money aiepaid to perpetuate and multiply that
i evil.
| Mr. FENTON, I wish to make a personal
explanation. On Friday last, I rose and gave no-
tice that I would, on Wednesday of this week, if
I could get the floor for that purpose, call up a
bill for the settlement of the claims of officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary army, and the wid-
j ows and children of those who died in the service.
; I stated further, that 1 had an argument prepared
[ winch 1 intended to make when the bill was called
! up; but that if the House wished to read it m ad-
i Vcince, and to save time, I would, with its consent,
have printed in the Globe. Those remarks,
almost verbatim, appear in the Globe of Saturday.
The House gave me its consent to print it. Th^re
wa j not a single objection. If the gentleman from
New York had been in his place, and an attentive
jistener, he v/ould have heard what I then stated.
