1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It is not an uncommon thing. I recollect, during
the last Congress, one of the leaders on the other
side (Mr. Letcher, of Virginia) printed an elab-
orate speech, I believe, upon the expenditures of
the Government. He did not deliver the speech,
but handed it in to the reporters to be printed.
Mr. SPINNER. It was in answer to the specch
of the gentleman, from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] on
the same subject.
Mr. FENTON. Yes; I am advised that my
colleague, [Mr. Conkling,] who has just ad-
dressed the committee, had the speech he deliv-
ered so far prepared that it was being put in type
in the city ofNew York while it was being deliv-
ered in this House. [Laughter.]
Mr. ETHER1DGE. If it be in order, I wish
to move a proviso, to come in at the end of what
is proposed to be stricken out. It is as follows:
Provided, That the reporters of tins House sliall not re-
port any remark made by any member who is not first
recognized by the Speaker or chairman who may be pre-
siding at the time, or which remark maybe ruled out of
order.
This, Mr. Chairman, if adopted and adhered
to, will not only be of advantage to the House,
in the preservation of order, but will be an actual
cuitailment of expenditure. It is common, when
the House is in session, for gentlemen to rise up
and address the Chair, without ever being recog-
nized by the presiding officer, and proceed to
make speeches, which go in to theGlobe; speeches
which they could not have made, if they were
prevented from speaking without first being rec-
ognized by the Chair. I hold that, when a gen-
tleman seeks the floor, he has a right to say no
more than "Mr. Speaker,"or " Mr. Chairman."
Modest men rise here and address the Chair, and
they do not proceed until they are recognized. I
will not say immodest men, but, sir, those who
are more impatient to speak, address the Chair,
and, without waiting for a recognition, proceed to
make their speeches, occupying half an hour, or
ten minutes, or five minutes, as they see fit, when
they have no parliamentary right to be heard at
all. If the proviso I offer be adopted and en-
forced, the effect will be this: no gentleman who
seeks the floor will be permitted, before he is rec-
ognized, to say more than "Mr. Speaker," or
"Mr. Chairman." If the Chair does not then
recognize him, but recognizcs some other mem-
ber, he will have to wait until he is duly recog-
nized. Unless wc enforce some such rule, it will
always be impossible to preserve order in this
House, or exclude from the Globe remarks which
arc made without the consent of the body.
It is not unfrequent, as I have said, when a
mem her rises, addresses the Chair, and waits to
be heard, for another member to get up, and pro-
ceed to address the House, impose a speech upon
us out of order, and contrary to our wishes, that
would not bo done if the member had to wait until
he was duly recognized by the Chair. A mem-
ber often addresses the House, and, notwithstand-
ing the Chair tells him he is out of order, he goes
on and makes his remarks, in defiance of the
Speaker, which go into the Globe. I desire to do
away with that unparliamentary practice. If my
amendment be adopted, we will not witness the
spectacle of a member occupying the attention of
the House when he has not been recognized by
the Chair. The presumption is, that the Speaker
and the House would be glad to hear those who
do not often claim attention; but, sir, we have, as
is known, members here who never dream of
waiting to be recognized, before proceeding with
their remarks. If this amendment I propose be
adopted, the Speaker will be left, as he ought to
be, to make such recognition of particular mem-
bers as is proper, and we will be relieved fiom
printing remarks which arc obtruded upon the
House against its consent, and in violation of the
letter ant} spirit of our rules. It is proper and
just that the amendment should be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee rise; but if there is any disposition
to go on with the bill, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. To-day and to-morrow are
the only days of this week when we can consider
the general appropriation bills, and there are four
of them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw my motion if debate be closed on the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very glad to see the
House in a "good temper to adopt some reform in
reference to the Globe. I am opposed to theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say that
no further debate is now in order. The question
is upon the motion to strike out and insert.
Mr. CURRY. My proposition was only to
strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Etherjdge] was
to strike out the same as was proposed to be
stricken out by the gentleman from Alabama, and
also to insert; and the question is upon the prop-
osition to strike out ana insert.
Mr. SHERMAN. I find, then, that I was in
order. The amendment of the gentleman from
Alabama is an independent proposition. The
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee was in
order as an amendment to what was proposed to
be stricken out. As I see the House is in good
temper to adopt some substantial reform, I offer
the following proviso to the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee-, and then I hope it
will pass:
Jlni provided further, That nothing said in this House
declared to be out of order, or that Is said by one member
without leave when another lias the floor, nor anything not
actually said in debate, shall be reported.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment which has been submitted by the
gentleman from Tennessee is clearly not in order.
It proposes to ingraft upon this appropriation bill
a rule for the government of the reporters of the
House. This is not the proper place to amend
the rules of the House, nor is it the proper time.
A proposition to amend the rules of theHouse is
not at all appropriate to this bill, which is a gen-
eral appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order is not well taken, because the
amendment describes the manner in which th<!
appropriation shall be applied.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that this section, as
reported from the Committee of Way s and Means,
embraces several importantimprovements. Under
the present law, Mr. Rives gets about $11,000 a
year extra compensation for publishing, under
the act of the 13th of June, 1857. That act is re-
pealed by the bill as reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means. We limit the quantity to
be reported to three thousand pages, and give no
extra compensation where the number of pages
exceeds that. So we make it the interest of the re-
porters to keep the amount within three thousand
pages for a long session, and fifteen hundred pages
for a short session. In that way we save about
§11,000 a year. We cut out also the various doc-
uments which have heretofore been published in
the Globe. Those have amounted to a fery large
number of pages, and have been paid for at the
rate of one cent for every five pages, amounting,
with other matter which we cut out, to §11,000 a
year. The Committee of Ways and Means did
not want to go further, because they did not know
that the House would sustain them in it. I
believe, however, that the amendment I have
offered would, ns explained, have received the
sanction of a large majority of that committee.
The proviso provides tnatspeechcs which are not
delivered in the House shall not be reported, nor
put into the Globe. 1 know it deprives gentlemen
of the opportunity of spreading their speeches
before the country; but as they are not made here,
and do not relate to the business before the House,
they ought not to be reported.
Again: nearly all the speeches made upon this
floor arc interjected with lemarks made by other
gentlemen out of order. Not a day passes but
gentlemen get up and make remarks which are
out of order, ana refuse to reeogni7e the call of
the Chair to order. Yet these remarks are re-
ported in the Globe as part of our proceedings,
although, by our rules, they arc not recognized
as part of our proceedings, and are made in vio-
lation of our rules. I hope this proviso will pre-
vent much of the disorder which occurs here.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. In order to make these
two provisoes harmonious, I will modify mine by
striking out the words, "or which may be ruled
out of order."
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment which I
.have offered to the amendment covers the whole
ground.
Mr. MILLSON. I am ,as every member must
be, in favor of the general object sought to be ac-
complished by the gentleman from Ohio; but there
is no proportion between the means used and the
end to be accomplished. Rules of politeness aJe
very valuably; but I do not thihlc they ought, tp
find their sanction in the laws of the land. We
cannot provide for civility and good breeding by
acts of Parliament or by acts of Congress,-" A.
remark made out of order, by one not entitled to
the floor, ought not to be reported; and it-was only
a few weeks ago I took occasion to say that I
thought the reporters were censurable when they
undertook to report conversations occurring in the
Hall because they overheard them; or ejacula-
tions by members because they happened to be
near enough to be heard by the reporters. I hold
that nothing ought to be reported except the re-
marks made by one entitled to the floor—one who
has received the floor by the award of theSpeaker,
or by the award of the Speaker and thejpermis-
sion of the member who held the floor. There is
no necessity to provide by law that such remarks
shall not be reported; because it is in the power
of the person who is entitled to the floor to strike
from the manuscript everything said by another
without his permission. That is a privilege I
should not hesitate to exercise; and which X nave
undertaken to exerciscupon a previous occasion,
when agentleman undertook to speak jn my time,
and uttered remarks which he had no permission
from me or the Chair to make. It does not re-
quire an act of Congress to regulate the duties of
the reporters in that regard; and the gentleiman
from Ohio will perceive that his amendment might
exclude from the Globe many things which ought
to a'ppear. Sir, if 1 should be called to order now,
and the Chair should decide me out of order, ought
not my remarks to be reportedCertainly; Be-
cause the decision of the Chair would have no
application, unless the remarks upon which that
decision was founded were reported.
It does not, therefore, follow that a mere remark
decided out of order should be excluded from the
Globe. I do not suppose that the gentleman from
Ohio would contend for that, and yet his amend-
ment would have that effect. I suppose that all
he intended to do was to provide that an ill-bred
man who insisted upon inserting in a speech that
which ho had no right to utter, should not be re-
ported; but 1 do not think wo that need an act of
Congress to bring about this reform, however
desirable it may be.
Mr. CONKLING. I propose to amend in the
one hundred and forty-third line by adding to the
word " published," and before the word " nor,"
these words: " nor for speeches not actually de-
livered;" so that it will read:
Provided, That in auditing and settling the account of
John C. Rives for the reports of House proceedings and de-
bater, nothing shall be allowed for revised speeches, a re-
portof which lias oure been published, nor for speeches
not actually delivered, &c.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
That amendment is not an amendment to my pro-
viso.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order. The question will first be on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Etiieridge, I as amended by himself.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence,
and Morris of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that we take a
recess till seven o'clock.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am perfectly willing to
do that.
Several Members objected.
The question was taken on Mr. Crawford's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
take a recess.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That cannot
be done except by unanimous consent, and I ob-
ject. I am willing to sit here till ten o'clock; but
if wc were to take a recess till seven o'clock,
there would be no quorum here at that hour,
The question being on Mr. Etheridge's amend-
ment, as follows:
Jlndprovided further, That the reporters of tlie Monse
shall not report any remark made by any memberwno has
not been recognized by the Speaker or Chairman whomay
