2262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
bo presiding the time; and that nothing said in the House
that is declared to be out of order, or that is said by one
member without leave when another has the floor, norauy
Uiing not actually &aid in debute, shall be reported,
the committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 77, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Curry's amend-
ment.
Mr. CURRY. I think that this debate has
demonstrated the necessity of my proposition to
strike it all out.
The question was taken; and Mr. Curry's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to ask if that
does not dispose of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] which
makes the reporters of the House judges of what
is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, as modified, accord-
ing to the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
has been agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the following clause:
For the usual additional compensation to the importers
of the House for the Congressional Globe, for reporting
the proceeding of the House foi the sccond session of the
Thirty-dixth Copsross, gtfOO each, $1,000.
The origin of the word " usual"! do not know.
I find a similar proposition in the deficiency bill
of the first session of the last Congress, and it
reads this way:
"To cuable John C. lllveg to pay to the reporters of the
Home, for reporting the debates of the present session of
Congress, the usual additional compensation, &S00 each,
$4,000."
Now, this proposition to strike out might seem
to be ungracious to the gentlemen who arc en-
gaged as reporters, if the purpose was to strike
at them. But it is not. Those gentlemen are not
employes of the House. They are not officials
here. They are employes of Mr. Rives. They
are employed by him, and paid by him. The
clause which I propose to strike out, is nothing
more nor less than a proposition to give John C.
Rives $4,000 additional for reporting and publish-
ing our proceedings. I concur in what fell from
the chairman of the Commuted wf Ways and
Means, that this thing had come to be an abuse
which required to bo remedied and retrenched;
and I am m favor of retrenching it by sinking
out this sum also. Lot us pay Mr. Rives as much
as is necessary to report the debates. Let him
employ his own reporters and pay them, as lie
employs his own printers and pays them.
And now, I would like to impure of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether he knows what has become of the piop-
ositiem made at the present session of Congiess
by two gentlemen—Larcombe & English—who
are, 1 am told, very worthy and respectable and
responsible men, to do the reporting of the House
at rates considerably lower than are now paid to
Mr. Rives? I saw a proposition of tkat kind,
which was printed, and submitted to me, in com-
mon with other members; but. J have heard noth-
ing of it since. It seemed to be one that was worthy
of consideration. If these gentlemen will do the
work for less pay than the present reporter, we
certainly ought to employ them. But, if wc con-
tinue to employ the present reporter, I am in
favor of giving him what shall be deemed fair
compensation, and then let him pay his own re-
porters, printers, type-setter*, and all Ins other
employes.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I oppose
the amendment, and ask for a vote.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is mistaken when he states that this money
goes mto the pockets of Mr. Rives. If lie will
examine the Congressional Globe, he will find, in
the discussion of this very subjcct heretofore, that
this money goes to the reporters. It is extra
compensation, in addition to the amount which
they receive from the publisher of the Globe.
Mr. MAYNARD. I did not mean to say that
Mr. Rives pockets the money; but if wc did not
appropriate it, he would have to pay so much out
of his own pocket.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is mistaken in that, too. Mr. Rives has
not a cent interest in this extra compensation. 1
am opposed to the whole thing. I believe that it
ought never to have been voted, and I have uni-
formly voted against it; but I only want the gen-
tleman to understand that he is mistaken as to the
matter.
Mr. CONKLINCr. Is it in order now for me
to offer the amendment which I indicated before?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; we have passed
that stage of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I intended to offer that
amendment in good faith.
Mr. KUNKEL. Before the vote is taken on
the paragraph referred to by the gentleman from
Tennessee, I propose to amend the clause by re-
ducing it from §4,000 to $3,000, in order that I
may make one remark, which was, perhaps, not
adverted to by any of the gentlemen who have
participated in this discussion.
These reporters, it is true, receive this sum of
§4,000 as a part compensation for their services
rendered in the House in reporting the debates of
the House. It is in the nature of extra compen-
sation; and it has usually been allowed them by
both Houses of Congress ever since they have
been employed in the positions which they occupy.
I presume it is given them for the reason, m part,
that, during the gieatcr part of the year, those
official reporters cannot cxcrcise as fully their
privilege of making engagements elsewhere as
stenographers; and, therefore, it isperhaps proper
that they should receive this additional compen-
sation of $4,000. 1 withdraw my amendment.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment submitted by Mr. Maynard; and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to submit an addi-
tional clause, at this point in the bill, relating to
another subjcct. I move to adit, at the end of the
one hundred and fifty-sixth line, as follows:
For compensation to Capitol police, under the second
section ot the: '• Act to amend the third section of the act.
making apptoprtutions for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses for the vcai ending June 30,1844, and for other pur
po^cV' approved Apul ±2, 1&>4, AO,860, to be paid in equal
amounts, tnmi the contingent funds of the Ilourfu and Sen-
ate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the qucstionof order
that that amendment is not in order to a provis-
; ion of the bill making an appropriation relating
| to the Congressional Globe.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
] amendment is not in order.
! Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the
: Committer of Ways and Means Co insert, lor the
! purpose of supplying a mere verbal omission, the
' words "and messenger," after the word k' clerk,"
i in the following paragraph:
| " For eons peivat ion ofthe < 'onum-^ioncrof Public Duild-
; mgs, and the cietk in his otlicc, >•
| The amendment was agreed to.
; Mr. BURNETT. I move to increase the ap-
\ propriation, m the clause of the bill providing for
! the contingent expenses of Washington Territory,
i from $],f>00 to ^,500.
j 1 will state to the committee that [ know the
j Governor of this Terntoiy well, and that I have
lj been assured by him that he row has to pay out of
I! his own private means the yalai y of a messenger,
!i and that the amount usually appropriated for the
j j contingent expenses of that Territory is not wu Hi-
ll cicnt to enable him to em ploy a messenger. I say
j! I know the Governor of this Territory well, ;md i
I! know that he would not ask for anything that he
jj did not believe was absolutely necessary for the
] | public service ofthe Territory. 1 received a let-
ij ter from him setting forth his reasons for asking
j, tins appropriation. 1 went to see the Comptrol-
ij ler of the Treasury, to ascertain if he had not the
11 authority to enable the Governor to employ a
j! messenger, lie informed me that there was no
jj fund our of which he could be paid at present; but
ji that, if the contingent fund was increased sufii-
ciently, it might be applied to that purpose. 1
'I move, therefore, to add $1,000 to the contingent
jj fund of that Territory.
j. Mr. SHERMAN." 1 trust that amendment will
'j not be agreed to. We have inserted in this bill
ji the same amount for the contingent fund of this
lj Territory that we have heretofore appropriated,
j' and the same amount that is appropriated for all
!! the other Territories, except Nebraska, which re-
j; ceives only 4,1,000. 1 suppose a messenger can bo
' employed for four or five hundred dollars a year.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PETTiT. 1 move to strike out the words
"Assistant Attorney General," as it stands in this
clause, and shall afterwards move to reduce the
amountproposedto be appropriated $3,000. The
purpose of the motion is to dispense with this of-
fice. This office was created at the last session of
Congress, is the very common manner of increas-
ing force in the executive offices, by provisons
grafted on appropriation bills. I will read the pro-
viso under which this office was made:
"Provided, That the Attorney Gcneial, m place of the
six cleiks now employed in his office, be, and ho is* hereby,
authorized to appoint one assistant in the said office, learned
m the Jaw, at an annual salary of $3,000; two third class
clerks, at salaries of $1,600 each, and one second class
clerk, at a s-alary of ,$1,400 ; and that the said Attoinej Gen-
eral he authorized, when necessary, to employ temporary
clerks.5'
It will bo seen that here an important public
office is made,to Iv? permanent, without any sen-
sible diminution of the clerical force of his office.
When the fact is considcied, so public and noto-
rious, and so much obtruded upon every body,
that no one could effectually shut his eyes against
it, that the principal officer, the Attorney General,
was able to devote himself much of the last year
to waging a war on the dissenters of his party, in
elaborate pamphlets, newspaper essays, and par-
agraphs, for the sake of the Administration, and
not the public—calling out from the minor party
organ here the praise that he had distributed
thirty thousandcopies, probably by transmission
in the mails, all for thy purpose of damaging a
heretic in the party—it cannot be doubted that, if
he had applied himself with the same devotion to
the duties of his office, an assistant would have
been wholly unnecessary. This principal officer
is liberally rewarded for official service to the pub-
lic, and not for any ingenuity or ability he may
display in wrangling in unprofitable discussions
in party politics.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Indiana; and I ought
to rest the case there. I feel assured that when it
is known that the Attorney General of the United
States is obliged frequently to employ additional
counsel in very heavy cases in the Supreme Court
of the United States, the necessity of an Assistant
Attorney General will be admitted by every gen-
tleman. I know, from the business which i have
had of an official character at his office, that the
Assistant Attorney General is a man eminently
well qualified for the office, and I do not think it
quite fair to criticise in this manner ttie private
conduct of a man who holds a high official posi-
tion in this Government. I regard the services of
the Assistant Attorney General as absolutely in-
dispensable.
In relation to the reduction of these clerks, I
recollect very well that, at the time this provision
was passed to which the gentleman refeis, it was
said that it would not increase the expenses at all
of that office, and it would reduce the number of
clerks,giving those who remained better pay, so
that it was really working a reform m the office.
I trust sincerely that, if for no other reason, for
the reason given by the gentleman on the other
side, this appropriation will not be stricken out.
If there had been any reason for it; if the re had been
any abuse, I take it for granted the vigilance of
the Committee of Ways and Means would have
ferreted u out.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether the
Attorney General is a pretty extensive contribu-
tor to the Democratic Review >
Mr, FLORENCE. I vvill state that the Attor-
ney General has never contributed a line to the
Democratic Quarterly Review, and I do not know
that he has contributed to any other publication.
I can certainly say, from the relation I hold to
the Democratic Quarterly Review, that he has
not contributed to that. I have frequently desired
him to contribute t« that publication, but he has
said to me that official business prevented him, if
he had even a desire to do it.
Mr. GROW. I hope my colleague will not
take this means of advertising bis periodical.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am very glad to avail
myself of this occasion to say that there are very
able pens connected as contributors with th.it Re-
view.
A Member. Who are the contributors."
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman wants to
know, I have mo objection to telling him. [Ones
of " Order!"]
