298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
ray motion by proposing to refer it to a scloct
committee, I have no sort of objection; neither
has my colleague.
Mr. GWiN. I think the proper committee
would be the Committee on Public Lands.
•Mr. CLAY and others. Let it lie over.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Unquestion-
ably the Senator from California is not right in his
supposition. The Judiciary Committee is un-
doubtedly a more appropriate committee than the
Committee on Public Lands. There are legal
questions to be examined, of the most abstruse
and difficult character, in regard to this matter.
Several Senators. Let it lie over.
The subjcct was therefore allowed to lie over.
the president's message.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the motion submitted by Mr.
Bright, on the 27th of December, 1859, to print
the annual message of the President of the United
States and the accompanying documents.
Mr. BROWN. When the motion was sub-
mitted, immediately after the reading of the mes-
sage, to print it, 1 said in my place that I desired
an opportunity of submitting some remarks in
regard to it. I have been very sorry to see it as-
sumed in various newspapers since that I intended
to attack the President, or to attack the message.
Nothing has been further from my purpose; and
X regret exceedingly that any such publication
should ha vegone to the country; and J avail myself
of this,the very earliest moment, to make the cor-
rection. I have no attack to make on the President,
none on the message; except, indeed, it be assumed
that to express, in respectful terms, my dissent
from some portions of the message, may be le-
garded as making an attack. I may say, sir, in
this connection, that 1 entertain for the President
of the United States now, as I have always enter-
tained for him, the most profound regard; and if
my personal feelings toward him were not of this
character, still his age, experience, and long and
distinguished service, would shield him against
any attack from me. But I hold to the right of
every citizen, and, of course, of every Senator, to
express, in courteous and respectful phrase, any
dissenting opinion he may entertain from the views
of the President.
Now, sir, with these preliminary remarks, I
call attention to the language employed by the
President on the fourth page, first column, of his
message, as I find it in pamphlet form:
" I cordially congratulate you upon the final settlement by
the Supreme Court of the United States of the question of
blavo.y ui thi! Tenitoric-#, which had piescntcd an aspect
truly Imnudable ivt the commencement of my adminis-
tration."
If I thought that the President of the United
States was accurate in his statement of the fact, I
should receive his congratulation with sreatpleas-
ure. There is no citizen of the Republic who
would more cordially rejoice at finding the fact to
be as the President states H. That the Supreme
Court has done everything in its power to settle
the slavery question, 1 am quite willing and highly
rejoiced to admit; but that it has settled the ques-
tion is, I think, not true in point of fact. These
doubts arc created from what wc sec on ail hands,
every hour in the day,and in all parts of the Con-
federacy. What mean newspaper comment and
newspaper controversy, what mean the contro-
versies in State Legislatures, what mean the con-
troversies in the two Houses of Congress, what
means the commotion which we see North and
South, East and West, if the question has in fact
been settled ? Sir, I hold unit iihas not been set-
tled: that differences of opinion exist now as they
have long existed; and that they give rise duily
to controversies between the two sections of the
Union. The President continues:
" The right has been established of every citizcn to take
his pioperty of any kind, including slaves, into the com-
mon 'Ierritones belonging equally to all the States of the
Confederacy,and to have it protected theie under the Fed-
eral Constitution."
I agree, in that, precisely with the President.
The ught to cany slave property to the Teni-
turies as you carry any other kind of property
has been adjudged by thtf Supreme Court, and it
that judgment shall be respected by the people
and by all the departments of the Government,
and faithfully earned into execution, then the
sentence which I first read will be found true in
point of fact; there wilf be a settlement of the
slavery question in the Territories.
t£ Neither Congress"—
continues the President—
" noi a Territorial Legislature, nor any human powei, has
any authority to annul"or impair tbuvrsted right."
Again, I agree most cordially with the Presi-
dent. When the Supreme Court has settled a
constitutional question, there is no power right-
fully lodged anywhere else, in Congress, in a
Territorial Legislature, or in any other power
known to this Government, to annul or destroy
it. The President is right in declaring what the
decision of the Supreme Court is; again right in
following up that declaration by the other, that
there is left no power anywhere to disturb a right
adjudged to be vested by the Supreme Court of
the United States. He continues:
"The supreme judicial tribunal of the country, which is
a coordinate branch of the Government, has sanctioned and
affirmed these principle!; of constitutional law, so mani-
festly just m themselves, and so well calculated to pro-
mote pijace and luumony among the States. It is a striking
proof of the sense of justice which is inherent in our peo-
ple, that the pioperty in slaves has never been distuibed,
to my knowledge, in any of the Tcriitories."
Property in slaves has never, to the knowledge
of the President, been disturbed in any of the
Territories! To that, sir, I cannot give my as-
sent. Property in slaves has been disturbed in
the Territories. Sir, what is the whole contro-
versy in Kansas but the disturbing of slave prop-
erty in a Territory? Yet in the very next sen-
tence the President continues:
" Even thioughout the late troubles 111 Kansas there has
not been any attempt, a-  I am credibly informed, to inter-
ior, in a single instance, with the light of the master "
No interference, in a single instance, with the
rights of the master! Sir, has not the whole dis-
turbance in Kansas, from the beginning down to
the present hour, been a disturbance of the rights
of the master? When John Brown led his robber
gang triumphant through the Territory, threaten-
ing to shootdown slaveholders in cold blood and
carry off their property, was that no interference
with the rights of the master? Why, sir, what
has this whole foui vcais' controversy in Kansas
been about> Who docs not know that it was a
controversy between slaveholders on the one side
for the maintenance of constitutional rights ad-
judged thi'in by the Supreme Court, and which
the President, 1 am happy to say, affirms in this
message, and a counteracting sentiment of anti-
slavery men on the other side to destroy and annul
those rights. That the President's mind led him
to this conclusion, that this is his honest and heart-
felt belief, I am not standing here to question; but
1 appeal to you, Mr. President, and to Senators
of all paities who surround me, and to the coun-
try, whether jt can be justly said that there has
been no interference with the rights; of the mas-
ters, the slaveholders m Kansas, in view of all the
facts which 1 have pointed out5 Then, the Pres-
ident continues:
Had any such attempt been made, the judiciaiy would
doubtless liave aflbided an adequate remedy. Should they
tail to do this heiealter, it will then be time enough to
stiengthen their hands by further legislation."
That the judiciary of Kansas have done all in
their power to maintain the constitutional rights
of every citizen, and of citizens of every section,
i do not pretend to deny. That they would have
done even more, if their arms had been strength-
ened by the legislation of the country, I am quite
ready to believe. But, sir, I do not admit in the
language of the President that, when it shall be
further shown that the judiciary is not upholding
the rights of slaveholders, as guarantied by the
Constitution, "it will then be time enough to
strengthen their handy by further legislation."
Sir, it will not be time enough. It will not be
time enough to strengthen the arm of the judici-
ary when that arm has been stricken down in a
fruitless effort to uphold the Constitution and the
rights of the southern people, it is never time
enough to pass additional laws after mischief has
been done. And if I shall be enabled to show,
as I think I shall, in the progress of mv remaiks,
that the. law as it now stands, is utterly insuffi-
cient for the protection of slave property m the
Territories, then I shall conclude,contrary to what
the President says, that it will not be (i time
enough " when this fact shall be shown in a court
of jiretice, but that the time has already arrived,
and Congress is to-day, at this very hour, at this
very instant, imperiously called upon to pass ad-
ditional laws.
I will not say that this position taken by the
President and maintained by others, is taken by
the one or maintained by the other because slave
property happens to be the specific kind of prop-
erty in controversy; but this L will say, that when
property of every other kind and description upon
the high seas or upon the land, whether within
the limits of this Republic or beyond its limits, is
assailed, is destroyed, or is threatened with de-
struction, we are not told by the President that it
will be " time enough" to act after the mischief
is done. Now, sir, I turn to a different part of
this message. On page 11, the President says:
" I deem it to be my duty once more earnestly to recom-
mend to Congress the passage of a law authorizing the
President to employ the naval foiee at his command, for
the purpose of piotecting the lives and piopcity of Ameri-
can citizens passing in transit, across the Panama, Nica-
ragua, and Tchuantcpec routes, against sudden and lawless
outbreaks and depiedations. I shall not repeat the argu-
ments employed in former messages m support of this meas-
ure. Suffice it to say that the lives of many of our people,
and the security of vast amounts of treasure, passing and
repassing over one or more of these routes, between the
Atlantic and Pacific, may be deeply involved in the action
of Congress on this subject."
This and other passages show that the Presi-
dent calls upon the Congress now instantly to act,
urges us, from year to year, to act for the protec-
tion of property in Central America and in the
South American Spanish States. It seems that it
will not be "time enough" to act in reference to
these interests "after the mischief is done," but
you are told to strengthen the arm of the Execu-
tive now. What does the President say about the
action of Congress?
,c But, can Congress only act after the fact, after the mis-
chief has been done? Have they no power to confer upon
the President the authontyin advance to furnish instant
redress should such a ease afterwards occur? Must they
wait until the mischicf has been done ? and can they apply
the remedy only when it is too late ?"
Sir, I invoke you to take that language and apply
it to the subjcct of that protection which I ask. I
ask you in the very words of the President, ap-
plied to the difficulties in South America, whether
Congress cannot act new in reference to difficul-
ties in Kansas; whether it will not be too late to
act after the. mischief shall have been done ? If
we can, in advance of the mischief being done, as
the President contends, strengthen the arm of the
Executive for the protection of property in Cen-
tral America, I ask why you cannot, in advance
of the mischief being further done, strengthen the
arm of the judiciary and the Executive in Kansas
for the protection of our property there ? Sir, I
shall go with the President and with his friends
here for further legislation to protect the rights of
others m Central America. I do not distrust the
patriotism of the President; I am not afraid to
trust him with an army and a navy to protect our
rights m Panama, Nicaragua, Mexico, or in any
other part of the habitable globe. I have great
confidence in his discretion, great confidence in his
patriotism, great confidence in his wisdom; but
while I say this, I claim the right to call upon the
President and his friends to strengthen the arm of
the judiciary and the arm of the Executive for the
protection of my rights in Kansas, and the rights
of the people whom I represent. _
I am tolu that there is no necessity for this; that
the Constitution, as expounded by the Supreme
Court, aided by the common law, furnishes us all
the remedy which wc need. Does the Constitu-
tion, aided only by the common law, furnish other
people all the remedies they need ? If so, for what
purpose does 'Congress sit, for what purpose do
the State Legislatures sit? The Constitution and
the common law are in force in ali the States, and
whatever rights they guaranty, are secured; and
if they furnish sufficient guarantees to me, why
do they not furnish sufficientguarantecs to others ?
What, Mr. President, is the whole basis of legis-
lation? Is it not to supply remedies whereby you
may secure those rights guarantied by the'Con-
stitution? Whenever any man shows that he has
a constitutional right, and comes to Congress, or
goes to thcTorritorial Legislature, orto that power
which makes the laws, and says, "here is my
right—I want a guarantee, and sufficientguarantee
by adequate legislation," he makes a point which
you must respect. That is what we ask; and it
is all we ask. We come with the Constitution,
and say this Constitution guaranties us rights, and
