1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Tho merits of the case have not yet been in-
quired into. That is for the future consideration
of the committee and the House. No opinion has
been, expressed upon them, and none will be until
they arc legally and fairly before them.
Mr. Speaker, I now call for a vote upon *the
resolution.
Mr. STANTON. If t)ie gentleman will give
me five minutes [Loud cries of " No !" " Go
on .'"J 1 will not ask it if objection be made.
[Cries of "Go on !"]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes, if he desires it.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unani-
mous consent. If there be no objection, the gen-
tleman from Ohio will be allowed to speak for five
minutes.
There being1 no objection,
Mr. STANTON preceded: I dislike very
much, when occupying the position of a judge, to
be placed in the position of being liable to the
charge of acting as a more partisan: and for that
reason I desire the attention of the House for five
minutes to vindicate myself from that aspersion;
for it does so happen that these two hundred and
thirty-seven judges generally make their judicial
opinions very nearly correspond with their party
prejudices.
Now, sir, one thing, I think, has been devel-
oped pretty clearly from the facts that have ap-
peared in the consideration of these cases; it is
that tho law of 1851, which confines the taking
of testimony, in all cases^ to sixty days, but docs
not confine either party to any particular portion
of that time, requires amendment. That, I think,
is pretty clear; but it also is evident that the ob-
ject of this law was to have the testimony in these
cases of contested elections prepared, as far as
possible, and ready for action upon the meeting
of the body to which it is intended to submit it;
so that these contests should not be inert* matters
of farm; th« contestant never having his rights
adjudicated upon until near the expiration of the
Congress for which tho election was held.
Now, sir,,it ought, m my'judgment, to require
a pretty strong ease of due diligence, and an ab-
sence of any negligence, to entitle a party to a
postponement for the purpose of procuring further
evidence. I voted, two years ago, to give my then
colleague from the third district of Ohio (Mr.
Campbell) further time; but Idid it for the reason
that he was then engaged here in a high public
duty during the time in which he was required
by the law to prepare his case for a hearing be-
fore this body. 1 did it for the further icasoii that
the contestant covered by his notice.*? the whole
sixty days within whieh testimony could be taken
under the law, and because the sitting member
used every means in hi.* power through agreement
which he- sought, but was not assented to by the
contestant, to take further testimony before the
meeting of the House.
In the ease before us, the contestant took his en-
tire testimony within tho time required by the law.
The sitting member used no elFort to take any
testimony; he indicated no desire to take testi-
mony until a month after the Committee of Elec-
tions had been engaged in the investigation of his
case. The petition was presented, as ] under-
stand it, on the 9th of February. On the 5th of
March, almost a month after the committee had
been engaged in the investigation of the case, the
sating member for the first time indicated to the
committee his desire to have further evidence.
Now, the point I make in this ease, in this: that
if, because a party takes important testimony on
the last days allowed by law, or upon the last day
to which a case may be postponed, that is suffi-
cient reason for granting further time, there is no
case in which parties acting in the most perfect
good faith cannot ask for a postponement from
time to time until the expiration of the Congress.
How stands the matter in this instance? Upon
the fifty-ninth or sixtieth day, it is said, important
testimony was taken. Whether the postpone-
ment of that important testimony until that time
was intentional or not, no man can know. Tes-
timony is constantly developing itself in these
contested-election cases, as in all cases, of which
the contestant cfbuld have no previous knowledge.
It was not his fault, then, that the testimony was
not taken earlier, so far as any evidence has been
produced.
• But, there is another reason why this court of
iastresortshould, in this instance, notpuonouncein
favor of the application that is made. If I, as one
of the judges in a former case, voted in favor of
granting a Similar application, but voted in the
minority, and the decision of the court was ad-
verse to the application, then it is my duty now,
as a member of the same court in a similar case,
if it be similar as is alleged, to carry out the rule
established by the court and reverse my individ-
ual decision; so that if there be anything in pre-
cedent, the precedent established here is against
the application of the sitting member m this in-
stanccjand this House is bound by its own decis-
ion to reject the application.
Mr. COOPER. I would like to know whether,
if the contestant comes in upon the last of the
sixty days and puts forward testimony of sixty
or one hundred witnesses, without opportunity
upon the part of the sitting member to rebut it,
there is not a discretionary power proper to be
exercised by this House in favor of an extension
of time to the sitting member to get in his rebut-
ting testimony ?
Mr. STANTON. It may be that there are dif-
ficulties growing out of it, and that injustice may
sometimes be done; but I say to the sitting mem-
ber, if he made the discovery that this injustice
was done him before Congress met, why did he
not give the contestant an opportunity to hear
this testimony and to meet it ? Why drd he not
give the contestant notice, and propose to him to
take testimony by consent, or something of the
sort? Or, when he first went before the commit-
tee, why did he not say that the case as presented
did not present his case fairly and justly ? If he
had then asked for a postponement, some thirty
days would have been saved.
Mr. COOPER. The first time I appeared be-
fore the Committee of Elections I asked for time.
Mr. STANTON. The records do not show
that the application was made on the 5th. [Cries
of "Question!" "Question!"]
Mr. COOPER. Tho first time I went before
that committee, I went with my affidavits, and
I asked for time to bring in rebutting testimony.
Mr. McKNIGHT. The first time the gentle-
man appeared before the Committee of Elections,
he will remember that he said he was ready to
go on, but that he would ask for time in order to
have his counsel present. Pie asked for a week,
and tho committee gave him a week, and after
that he produced his ex parte affidavits taken in
the mean time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is my recollection;
that tho first application was for time to secure
the presence of his counsel. [Cries of " Vote!"
" Quest.!"]
Tho SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to allow further time to
take testimony in the case of William A. Howard, con-
testing ihe light of Hon. George B. Cooper to represent the
fn>t congressional distiict ot Michigan in tins House, as
asked lur by tho ssitin^-momber.
Mr. GARTRELL. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of that resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is not the question first
to be taken upon the resolution reported by the
minority of the committee?
Tho SPEAKER. There is no proposition be-
fore the House but the resolution reported by the
committee—the majority of the committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand that both
resolutions arc before the House—the resolution
of the majority and the resolution of the minor-
ity; and that it has been the practice to take the
vote fiist upon the minority resolution as an
amendment to the resolution of the majority.
The SPEAKER. That was not the practice
yesterday.
Mr. STEVENSON. Was there a resolution
attached to the report of the minority in the case
of Williamson against Sickles?
The SPEAKER. There was.
Mr. COLFAX. I read the report of the mi-
nority m this case a few moments ago, and if the
gentleman from Kentucky will loolc at it, he will
see that the resolution attached to that report is
not offered as an amendment to ora substitute for
the resolution of the majority. The resolution of
tho minority ist an independent proposition, and
as it has not been moved in the House, it is not
now before us. 4
Mr. BOCOCIt. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that his resolution is not before
tho House. When a majority of a committee
make a report to the House concluding with a
resolution, the minority of the committee have no
right to make a report; but they are indulged in
bringing papers before the House which some-
times conclude with aresolution. The only prop-
osition before the House is the resolution of the
majority; and when that comcs up for considcr-
tion, it is the duty of some one, acting in behalf
of the minority, to-move the minority resolution
as a substitute. If that minority resolution is not
offered when the majority resolution is up, and
moved before the previous question is called, then
it is not before the House at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
Mr. GARTRELL. I ask that the minority
resolution be now received as a substitute for the
proposition of the majority of the committee.
Objection was made.
Mr. GARTRELL. I insist, then, on my de-
mand for the yeas and nays on the adoption of the
resolution of the committee.
The yoas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 79;' as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atririeli, Alley, William C.Anderson,
A&hley, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Bristow,
Buffinton, Buinham, Buttcilicld, Campbell, Carey. Car-
ter, Colfax, Conklmjr, Covode, Curtis, II. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Fcnton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, Frcnch, Good), Gra-
ham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, J. Morrison Harris, Haskm,IIcl-
mick, Humphrey, Hutehins, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
Kenyon, Ktlgore, Kilhngcr, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loo-
mis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKniglu, McPherson,
Milhvard, Moorhead, Morrill, Morse, Nixon, Perry, Pettit,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spinner, Stanton,
Stratton, Tappan, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble, Vnndcver,
Waldron, Walton, Ellthu B. Washbumc, Isiael Washburn,
Wells, Windom, and Wood—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Alien, Ashmorc, Avery,
Barksdalo, Bauett, Bocoek, Bonham, Botelor, Boyce,
Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, John G.
Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jainctte," English, Ethfridse,
Florence, Gartroll, Gilmer, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hat-
ton, Hawkins, llindmaii, Ilolman, Houston, Howard,
Hughe*, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Landrum, James M.
Leach, Logan, Love, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, McCier-
nand, Miles, Million, Montgomery, Lahan T. Moore,
Ne! on, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Prvor,
Pugh, Uuaries, Reagan, Riggs, James C. Itobmson.'Ruffin,
Scott, Sickles, Simm", Singleton, William N. II. Smith,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Taylor,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Whiteley, Woodson, and
Wnght—79.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the above call,
Mr. HOUSTON stated that Mr. Branch was
paired with Mr. Verree.
Mr. BINGHAM stated that Mr. Burroughs
was paired with Mr. Smith, of Virginia; and that
Mr. Maynard was paired with Mr. Maclay.
Mr. KILGORE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Case, was paired with Mr. Martin, of Virginia.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Babbitt, was paired with Mr. Edmund-
son; and that Mr. Barr was paired with Mr.
Thayer.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that he was
paired with his colleague, Mr. Fouke.
Mr. GARNETT stated he was paired with Mr.
Irvine; otherwise, he would vote 44 no."
Mr. HARDEMAN stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hill, was paired with Mr. Scranton.
Mr. PORTElt stated that Mr. Hickman was
paired with Mr. McRae.
Mr. LAMAR stated that he was paired with
Mr. Palmer.
It was stated that Mr. Olin was paired with
Mr. Curry.
Mr. HUTCIIINS stated that his colleague,
Mr. Wade, was paired with Mr. Leake.
Mr. JUNKIN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Morris, of Pennsylvania, was paired with Mr.
Webster.
Mr. MORRILL stated that he was paired with
Mr. Bouligny.
Mr. MOORHEAD said: I am requested by
my colleague, Mr. Stewart, of Pennsylvania, to
state that he was paired with Mr. Bouligny. Now,
I do not want two of our side to pair with one of
the other.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I will vote. I vote in
the affirmative.
Thevotewas then announced as above recorded.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
