1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana to withdraw his motion. It
only appropriates money topay'a salaried officer.
Mr. GARTRELL. The suggestion is not in
order at this time; the committee is dividing.
Mr. PETTIT. Understanding that it will be
proposed to repeal the proviso creating this unne-
cessary office, and that this appropriation will
then be nugatory, I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For salaries of the Attorney General, Assistant Attor-
ney General, and the clerks and messenger in liis office,
$17,000.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to strike out " the
clerks and messenger in his office." I make the
amendment for the purpose of submitting a few
remarks. I have this to say, in regard to the
statement made by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Pettit,] as to whether this officc of Assist-
ant Attorney General is necessary or not: I take
it for granted it is, since it has been authorized
by law.
The point I wish to make upon the gentleman
from Indiana is, that the private relations of an
official of this Government, and his expression of
his peculiar political views on any subject, are not
a legitimate matter of criticism in this House, in
connection with the amendment which the gentle-
man has offered. TheAttorneyGeneral,sofarasI
know, has discharged the duties of his office fully
and faithfully. The gentleman cannot deny that.
Mr. iVfONTGOMERY. I rise to a question of
prder. Thegcntleman from Kentucky is notdis-
cussing lus amendment. We want our dinners;
and if we are to be kept here, I want that we shall
go 011 with the business of the House. If we are
to have these speeches, 1 think that it is best that
we should have them, not in, but outside of the
Hall.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania seems to be very anxious to prevent the
defense of a gentleman from his own State, after
he has remained silent, and heard that gentleman
assailed, and his official conduct severely criti-
cised. lie did not raise his point of order then;
but he raises it now, when I want to do an act of
simple justice.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BURNETT. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman for any purpose.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I insist on my point
of ordei, that the gentleman must confine his re-
marks to h's amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to say to the Chair,
that when he sustains that point of order, I hope
he will begin and not allow members on the other
side to assail members of this Democratic Admin-
istration, out of order.
Mr. PETTIT. I trust the committee, by con-
sent, will, as a matter of magnanimity, hoar me
for a moment.
Mr. GARTRELL. I rise to a question of or-
der. I insist that the gentleman's remarks arc
not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is manifest that the re-
maining portions of this bill will give rise to
debate. I am credibly informed that there are
amendments to bo offered which will have to be
discussed. We have now been here for six and a
half hours; and I move that the committee rise.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to reply to a personal
remark made by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the gentleman
going on. I have had the point of order made
upon me. My amendment was withdrawn, and
no objection was made at the time.
Mr. PETTIT. I renew the amendment I made
a moment ago. I ask the committee to bear mo
witness that I have not attempted to cast any
aspersion upon the Attorney General's private
conduct; but only that another officer was made
necessary from his want of applying himself to his
office. I submitted a proposition which I knew
would be nugatory unless there was some subse-
quent legislation to provide for a repeal of the law
which created the office. The Assistant Attorney
General is, in my opinion, wholly an unnecessary
office. It is history that the service of the Attor-
ney General last year was devoted liberally to
political and party disquisitions which so far pre-
vented his personal attention to his office. One
of the organs of the Administration was pleased
to refer to his amazing industry, stating that his
political opinions, as published in opposition to
Senator Douglas, had been distributed by him-
self to the extent of thirty thousand copies. I
felt that it was not improper in me, knowing that
fact, to stigmatize it as delinquency on his part in
the discharge of his official duties.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let me say a word.
Mr. PETTIT. Not now. In reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Kentucky personal to
myself, that he is not to become my schoolmasterin
matters of decorum, I trust that my bearing here for
some years will justify me in saying that I have
endeavored to maintain, in my relations with
every gentleman, a propriety of condvict which
should leave no occasion for fault-finding against
me. It is improper, therefore, on the part of the
gentleman from Kentucky to attempt, in his re-
marks, to imply that I have gone beyond the
bounds of fair parliamentary propriety*in allud-
ing to the fact I have. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. EURNETT. I object. One word in ref-
erence to the criticism of the gentleman from In-
diana.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Pettit withdrew
his amendment..
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to insert, after line
seven hundred and ninety-eight, the words:
For compensation of watcliman employed upon reser-
vation No. 3, £'(iU0.
I am instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to offer that amendment. It is for the com-
pensation of a watchman who is provided for by
law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to strike out lines
eight hundred and six, eight hundred and seven,
and eight hundred and eight, as follows:
" For compensation of the auxiliary guard, and for fuel,
oil, and lamps, and for twenty policemen, $32,400."
The Government is paying $32,400 for an aux-
iliary guard, I do not know very well for what
purpose; and, without intending to give a party
complexion to this matter, it is certain that the
police of this city is so remiss in its duty that a
public political meeting cannot be protected from
a riot and a mob; and it is to very little purpose
that we pay the police under the control of the
municipal authority thirty-odd thousand dollars,
if we cannot be protected in our persons when
engaged in apolitical meeting in this city. I make
these remarks as applicable to all parties, for it
may so happen that we shall hereafter have the
ascendency,and I take it that all parties are enti-
tled to protection. If the police cannot afford pro-
tection, we ought to withhold the pay from that
police. I move to strike out the appropriation.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say that I do
not know whether this appropriation ought to
be retained or not. I am not posted upon that
matter. But I want to remark—and I want it to
go out with the fact that a public meeting has been
disturbed here—that it is not the first time in the
history of this city that such things have occurred.
1 admit that itisadisgracethatsuchthingsshould
occur; but I want it known that the Republican
party is not the only party that has suffered by
being disturbed by rowdies at their public meet-
ings.
Mr. PHELPS. I only desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio to those who
have served as long as I have here, to the scenes
of disordei which occurred three or foui yeais
ago in tins city. Provision was then made for
an additional force to this auxilliary guard, and
the gentleman from Ohio and other gentlemen will
bear witness that for the last two or three years
better order has existed ill this city than during
the preceding two years. I therefore think it ad-
visable to continue this appropriation; and I trust,
because the police did not happen to be present
to suppress any disturbance where disturbance
was not apprehended, that we shall not refuse to
make an appropiiation at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I Move to increase the
amount from $32,400 to §40,000. I concur'fully
with what has fallen from the gentleman.who has
just taken his seat. I recollect that, two or three
years ago, there was a great deal of disturbance
at the municipal election in this city; and, if"! am
not mistaken, fifteen or twenty men were shot
down; and, so far as I know, there has not been
a judicial investigation over the dead bodies of
those men from that day to this. And if there
has been an improvement, by the appropriation of
$32,000, so that now gentlemen may meet their
friends to discuss public questions in this city, as
they have the right to do—a right which we must
concede, whether we believe in the principles they
promulgate or not—I say, if there has been an
improvement in that respect, by appropriating
$32,000, let us increase the sum,and see whether
we cannot have absolute and perfect order in this
metropolis of the country, where wo all meet as
common citizens for common purposes. We cer-
tainly ought to be permitted to exercise the right
of speech, as well as of the elective suffrage,
without being disturbed and annoyed by rowdies.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. 1 rise to oppose the
amendment. I think that the appropriation is,
perhaps, too largo* but I object to legislation under
the influence of passion ana excitement. N o doubt
thehonorablegentleman from Ohio is acting under
such influence in moving- to strike otit this whole
appropriation for police. Can that gentleman be-
lieve that there is any member on this floor, of
any party, who would look with less disapproba-
tion than himself on any disorder or improper in-
terference, by lawless persons, with political meet-
ings.^ I venture to say that the occurrence in
question met with the disapprobation of every
good citizen of every party. The honorable gen-
tleman is sufficiently well acquainted with our
large cities to know that in most of them violence
and disorder not unfrequently occur at political
gatherings. We often see accounts of such dis-
turbances, Mr. Chairman, at the political meet-
ings in your city—the city of New York. They
happen, too, in Baltimore, Philadelphia, and all
other cities. And, therefore, it is not fair to
charge on the police or Mayor of this city re-
sponsibility for the disorders that took place the
other night.
Mr. Chairman, it is for the interest of all who
visit or reside at this capital, that there should be
a vigilant and efficient police kept up here; and I
think it is necessary and proper that the General
Government should make some appropriation for
that purpose, I should like to see the amount re-
ported in this bill diminished; but I would not
like to see it all struck out merely to mark disap-
probation of a slight disturbance that may have
been caused by a set of boys, as I understand
Was the case on-last Saturday night.
Mr. M AYNARD, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. POSTER. I would like to ask the gentle-
man who has just taken his seat whether a lieu-
tenant of marines did not lead the mob on that
occasion ?
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. 1 assure the gentle-
man that I have no information on the subject,
except what I derived from the public prints of
the city.
Mr. FOSTER. It is so stated. I do not know
whether it is true or not.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I ask tho gentle-
man to state the name of tho officer whom he heard •
charged. I heard of no such thing; and I think
it is doing injustice to the corps to make such a
charge without positive information as to its cor-
rectness.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 have not his name, and do not
know how true the statement is; but I was told it
as a fact.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I move to amend by
reducing the amount ten dollars. I suppose the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] in offering
his amendment, had reference to the meeting held a
few nights ago by his own party, in serenading
some of their distinguished men in this city. I
wasnotpresentat th'. meetingat Mr. Trumbull's;
but the other meeting took place at the house where
I board. I went out among the persons assembled
there, and I must say, in justice to the police, that
I saw some of them, at least, attempting to keep
order, and doing everything in their power for
that purpose. 1 do not think that any disorder
