1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
ther traffic in, and monopoly of, the public lands
of the United States, and that they be laid out in
farms or lots for the free and exclusive use of
actual settlers; which was ordered to be laid on
the table. . *
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of J.W.
Rea and An n Matthieson, praying the right to pur-
chase the lands settled by James H. Matlock and
Robert Matthieson, who were murdered by the
Indians at Spirit Lake, in Iowa; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of Martin
Bumgardner and others, citizens of Iowa, praying
theestablishmentof apost route from Forest City,
via Bristol, to Russells, on the State line in Hart-
land, via Steven's Corners, to Otranto, in the
State of Icwa; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LANE presented papers in relation to the
claim of John Carter, who lost an arm by acci-
dent while in the military service of the United
States, for a pension; which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Lawrence county, Ohio, praying a modification
of the tariff; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
TAPERS WITHDRAWS AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, Tiiat the petition of John Gordon, a messenger
in tiie Post Office Departincntjpraymg additional compen-
sation tor services perfoi mcd out of office hours, on the tiles
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Tost Of-
fice and Post Roads.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 305)
amendatory of the act entitled " All act to estab-
lish a territorial government for Utah," approved
September 9, 1850; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. BIGLER. I have charge of a very im-
portant public bill—a bill amending the patent
laws—which ought to be considered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will wait
until wo get through with the reports.
Mr. BIGLER. I had expected to have this bill
considered this morning; but I have discovered,
on the motion of the Senator from Florida being
made, an indisposition to take up any bill to in-
terfere with the private bills to-d,iy. I therefore
content myself with asking the Senate to take up
this bill, and mnke it the" special order for one
o'clock on Wednesday next. It is a very im- I
portant measure which ought not to be neglected.
I do not think it will take' much time. I submit
that motion.
The motion was not agreed to. *
JAPANESE MISSION.
Mr. MASON. Yesterday, before I came into
the Senate, a communication was presented from
the President, sending certain documents in re-
sponse to a resolution of the Senate, relating to a
mission from Japan, and there was an order made
that they should bo printed and laid on the table.
I move that they be taken up and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of George O. Foote, praying the right to
locate certain land scrip, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of S.
Eastman, of the United States Army, praying a
restoration of the copyright of his pictures, used
in illustrating the Government work on the his-
tory of the Indians, submitted a report, accompa^
nied by a bill (S. No. 308) for the relief of Seth
Eastman. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Charles J. Swett, praying compensation as purser,
during the time he acted as such on board the San
i Jacinto, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
, (S. No. 309) for the relief of Charles J. Swett.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
IIOHSIAS LAND GRANT.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the select committee to
whom were referred a memorial of settlers on the
Houmas lands in Louisiana, praying indemnity
for losses sustained by them in consequence of
the passage of the act of June 2,1858, and for the
investigation of certain abuses connected there-
with; a memorial of residents and owners of lands
in the parishes of Ascension and Iberville, in the
State of Louisiana, praying the repeal of the " Act
to provide for the location of certain confirmed
private land claims in the State of Louisiana, and
for other purposes,"approved .Tune 2,1858; and
a petition of owners of land under the " Houmas
grant" protesting against the repeal of the second
j section of the act of June 2,1858, and praying for
| the repeal of the joint resolution of March, 1859,
I submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
I 307) to repeal the second section andothcr por-
; tions of an act passed the 2d day of June, 1858,
entitled " An act to provide for the location of cer-
tain confirmed private land claims in the State of
Missouri, and for other purposes," and also to
provide for the final settlement of certain private
land claims m the State of Louisiana. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the report be
printed.
Mr. PUGH. Before the motion to print is put,
I -wish to suggest to the Senator from Georgia,
that there was a report made by Mr. Clifford,
while he was Attorney General, containing a num-
ber of original documents of which the committee
had but a single copy. It is a long time since
those documents were printed. I think those doc-
uments should be printed as an appendix to the
report of the committee, and I move that the re-
port of the Attorney; General made in 1845, and
the documents contained in it, and the decision of
Judge Campbell be printed as an appendix to the
report.
Mr. TOOMBS. I accept that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It occurs to the
Chair that that motion would have to go to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to its going
there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion of the Senator from Georgia, to
print the report.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGIA AND FLORIDA BOUNDARY.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, who were instructed by
a resolution of the Senate to inquire into the ex-
pediency of quieting the titles of such purchasers
of the public lands from the United States in
Florida as may fall within the State of Georgia,
under the adjustment of boundary between the
two States, and also of grantees under the State
of Georgia, where lands may fall in Florida, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 306) to settle the titles to
lands along the boundary line between the States
of Georgia and Florida; which was read a first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is a matter
about which there is no question whatever; and I
ask, as it will excite no debate, that the bill be put
on its passage. I ask that the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, which I send to the Chair,
may be read.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, whenever the dividing line between the States
of Georgia and Florida shall have been finally sur-
veyed, approved, ratified, and confirmed as the
boundary between those States, to adjudicate,
upon principles of equity and justice, all claims,
under sales or grants by the State of Georgia,"to
lands which may fall within the State of Florida;
and all claims which may be approved by him are
by this bill ratified and confirmed; but the State
of Georgia is first to ratify and confirm all sales
and grants made by the Utfited States of lands in
Florida, which may fall within the limits of the
State of Georgia, under the final adjustment of the
boundary line.
The Secretary read the following letter from the
Secretary of the Interior:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, February 98, 1860.
Sir: I have the lionor herewith to return the resolution
of the United States Senate of the 12tll ultimo, directin"
the Committee on Public Lands to inquire into the expe-
diency of quieting the titles to certain tracts of land which
lie near the line of boundary between the States of Geor ia
and Florida, and to report by bill oi otherwise. °
The inclosed copies of a letter of this Department, ad-
dressed, under date of the 14th ultimo, to Hon. R. Toombs,
and of a report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office of the 17th instant, together with the documents in
said report mentioned, will furnish to you all the informa-
tion upon the subject that is deemed important.
I entertain the opinion thatsome legislation by Congress,
to attain the end proposed, wilt be necessary and proper;
and therefore approve the draft of a bill which accompanies
thr report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Very rcspcctfullv, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. R. VV. Johnson, Chairman Committee Public Lands,
United States Senate. *
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM. I offer the following resolu-
tion, which I ask may be considered at once. It
is a mere resolution of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish the Senate with a report of the superintendent
of Indian affairs, or any other public officer, in California,
as to depredations committed by Indians in Rutte county
in 1852.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. MASON. I do not object to the resolu-
tion, provided the Senator will strike out the word
" requested" and put in " directed." That is the
usual phrase.
Mr. LATHAM. I am perfectly willing to
agree to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will ■
be made by unanimous consent.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
CESSION OP PUBLIC LANDS.
_ Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of ceding to the
States, respectively, all the public lands within their limits
which have remained, or shall hereafter remain, unsold
for four years after the pnee has been graduated to the low-
est standard.
LIMITS AND BEACONS ON LAKE SUPERIOR.
Mr. BINGHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, rJ hat the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
making appropriations lor the survey of Stanard's Rock,
Lake Superior, with a view to ascertaining whethera light
or beacon is best adapted to guide vessels clear of the dan-
ger from that dangerous reef; also, into the expediency of
establishing range lights and a fog-boll to guide vessels into
Copper haj bor, Michigan; and that they have leave to re-
port by bill or otherwise.
PEAY & AYLIFFE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If there be no further
petitions and reports, I ask the Senate to take up
the bill No. 328, which has passed the House
of Representatives, and is now on the table of the
Senate. It is a small private bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Pcay
& Ayliffe. It directs the Postmaster General to
adjust the accounts of Pcay & Ayliffe, late con-
tractors on mail route 7503, in Arkansas; and if
it appears from evidence produced by them, or on
the files of the Department, that they, in conse-
quence of the weight of the mails, were com-
pelled, between the lstof July, 1854, and the 15th
of June, 1857, to perform extra service not con-
templated in or covered by their contract, then to
cause their accounts for such extra service to be
audited and paid at a fair rate of compensation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has this bill been re-
ported by the committee of the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed by the Secretary that the bill was read
twice, and laid on the table.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will be committed. I
move to refer it to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
Mf. SEBASTIAN. I hope the Senator will
