3208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
by the Senate of the United States, and the only
alteration the House made was to require that the
marble should be American. The objection the
Senator makes was a very £ood one when you
put in the amendment; but it did not become the
Senate committee of conference to abandon its
own amendment, though I voted against it. You
argued the question, and the Senate decided
against you, and then the Senate sent me as one
of their committee men to the conference, to try
and get their amendments. The gentleman would
have had the committee leave out this amendment
of the Senate when the House was willing to
take it.
Mr. GREEN. I have no complaint to make
of the Senator from Georgia: I know he has been
right on this question all the way through; but I
ho-ld that a committee of conference is unrestricted
in its power overa bill; it can strike outanything
that is wrong in it, I care not what it is. I take
that ground.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I have entirely misap-
prehended my duty. I thought my duty, as a
committee man, was to support the amendments
of the House of which I was a member, although
I might be against them myself.
Mr. GREEN. 1 think the Senator is in error
on that point. Although 1 generally agree with
him in everything, I think be is wrongimthat
respect. "When we are in the Senate, or in the
House, we are governed by the rules of the Sen-
ate and the rules of the House; but when you arc
in a committee of conference, you are governed
Dy nothing except the subject-matter, and you
can strike out everything, even though it has been
put in by your own House, or by the opposite
House, if a majority willagree todo so. As this
provision is wrong, it ought to be stricken out.
1 think the House amendment improves it. I
stated that the other day. it is true that was the
only point of disagreement with regard to this
amendment; but when a whole bill is committed
to a committee of conference, they-have the whole
subject before them. They can reform it and make
a new bill. They can strike out everything after
the enacting clause, so that they follow the sub-
ject-matter. I perceive that the President differs
with me; but I am aware of the fact that it has
been done, and is in conformity with parliament-
ary law. The President dissents; but notwith-
standing, I claim the same right to have my opinion
as he has to have his. It is not a point of law
submitted to him to decide; and therefore my judg-
ment is equal to his, so far as I am now speak-
ing. A committee of conference lias a full power
—an unrestricted power within the scope of the
purport of the bill—to make it what they please.
They can strike out all after the enacting clause.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to inquire
from the Senator from Missouri if they can strike
out what both Houses have agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought a committee of
conference was upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, not upon whnt tney had agreed to.
Mr. GREEN, t will answer that. The dis-
agreeing vo*ck affect the body of the bill. There
are certain votes, which, if given a certain way,
will make the hill acceptable; but if given in an-
other, that will make the bill unacceptable. These
being the disagreeing votes, they affect the whole
bill, because the bill depends upon not only the
phraseology, but the incidents and amendments;
and hence they can strike it all out; and I can
show a hundred instances in Parliament, in the
Congress of the United States, in the State Legis-
latures, in which they have struck out the whole
hill after the enacting clause, and brought in just
what they pleased, provided it be in conformity
with the subject-matter.
But apart from that, if you say they are re-
stricted simply to the amendment of the House
to the Senate amendment, and the disagreeing
votes of the Senate and House on that question,
then I say we ought to disagree to this report;
because, with reference to these marble columns,
the Senate did wrong when no attention was called
to it. A binding, legal contract has been made
which will still subsist if you pass this bill, and
force the Government to take the Italian columns
now lying at Carrara—forty-seven in number.
How did they happen to find the number, forty-
seven ? I should like to know how the mover of
the amendment happened to pick out the number
forty-seven ? I will tell you how i think he did it.
There are just forty-seven columns lying at Car-
rara ready to be shipped here, and put up An this
Capitol. There are not forty-seven anywhere
6 Mr. DAVIS. Not even in the bill. \|
Mr. KENNEDY. Thirty-four. *
Mr. GREEN. But $47,000; just enough to pay
for the thirty-four. That is what 1 mean* It is
the same thing. The amendment appropriates
just money enough to pay for the thirty-four, at
§1,450 apiece. Will we undertake to make con-
tracts? Is the Senate competent to make con-
tracts? Is Congress competent tomake contracts?
I say it is not. Butif we pass a law authorizing
certain work to be done, let us hold the executive
officers responsible for the manner in which they
execute it. Here we pick out two men, and say
it shall be done with them. It is wrong, sir. ft
is not only wrong, but it is illegal; not only ille-
gal, but it is in violation of a contract. For I
assort, and 1 know what I say, that these gentle-
men violated their contract; stated in thfiir letter
to Captain Meigs that they were unable to fulfill
it, and begged the privilege of buying marble in
Italy. He refused; and he reported that there was
no marble in the United States equal to the marble
found in the quarry of Mr. Connelly, so far as
shape and size were concerned.
Mr. DAVIS. Will you state your authority?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; Mr. Meigs's own
letter.
Mr. DAVIS. I should be glad if the Senator
would reajl from the letter any such language as
he states.
Mr. GREEN. I have not got time to stop to
read it, but I will produce it. He said there was
no quarry in the United States where it could be
furnished of equal quality in the same size—mo-
nolithic shafts of one piece.
Well, sir, I will pass by that. The Senator
put in the amendment wrongfully. No division
was called on it. I think the committee of con-
ference had the power to strike it out; the Sena-
tor from Georgia thinks not. I will not raise a
question with him on that point. I think they
had. I think they ought to have stricken it out;
but as they did not strike it out, they have im-
proved it by saying that it shall be American
marble. 1 shall go that far.
On the other point, of legislating Captain Meigs
into ofTi'ce to superintend the water works, I will
simply say that, if he can do no better for the
conduit of water than he lias done for the conduit
of air into this Chamber, lie is unfit to have charge
of that work; and whether fit or unfit, Congress
ought not to undertake to put him into office, but
the matter ought to be left to the proper execu-
tive officcr, and hold that executive officer re-
sponsible.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senator from
Missouri, I have no doubt, is a competent archi-
tect; and therefore properly sits in judgment on
the work of Captain Meigs in construction.
Mr. GREEN. Not exactly a competent ar-
chitect; but equally competent with the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly; but I have not assumed
judgment, and therefore you have no right to
make the comparison. When I assume to sit in
judgment, it will be time enough for the Senator
to compare his knowledge with mine. "Whoso
humbleth himself shall be exalted;" and the re-
verse, no doubt, is true. I have my own opinion
of the capacity of Senators to judge of matters
of architecture.
Mr. GREEN. Your opinion amounts to very
little.
Mr. DAVIS. I will show that your statements
amount to less, before I have done.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; proceed.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator assumes, in the
first instance, that a legal, binding contract exists
with a Mr. Connelly to furnish columns. Now,
sir, if he had taken half the pains to learn the
facts which he seems to have taken to attack Cap-
tain Meigs, he would have found out that no such
contract could exist; that if any such engagement
had been entered into, it was illegal; and so far
as the public is informed, no such contract does
exist. There was no appropriation under which
it could be made. He would have learned still
further, if he had thought proper to inquire, and
been willing to present the ease fairly, that the
Senate were not picking out Rice & Heebner with
whom to make a contract; that the Senate were
not assuming to make a contract, but that the
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings,
not now in his seat, [Mr. Bright,] offered an
amendment upon a subject which had been under
discussion for years, and named in that amend-
ment those who had a legal, valid contract—Rice
& Heebner*
A word or two in relation to this contract, Mr.
President. After public advertisement had beer?
made, a contract was awarded to Rice & Heeb-
ner, to furnish marble for this Capitol. It was
f|und that, under their contract, they could not
furnish the ashlar in such size as some of it was
desired. Their contract did not provide for mono-
lithic columns for the Capitol. The question was
submitted to Congress. They decided by law to
authorize a modification of the contract, by which
these columns were to be furnished in monolithic
shape, and the ashlar furnished in larger blocks.
The contract was so modified; and when the con-
tract was modified—1 speak of that because I was
then Secretary of War—it was, in the judgment of
the Secretary, preferable that the whole matter
should be between the contractor and the super-
intendent, and that the Secretary should only
exercise supervisory power over it. The then
Secretary did not desire to be mingled with the
contracts. He knew he was not able to go and
attend to the delivery of the marble, and judge of
its material, and determine when it was not equal
to the contract. He put the whole matter under
the superintendent; and as that contract was made,
and as it stands, it required that the superintend-
ent should give the notice before the contract
should be vacated. The notice which Rice &
Heebnter served, was a uotiq^thatthey could not
get the monolithic shafts out of the quarry at Lee,
in Massachusetts. They never served notice that
they could not get monolithic columns at all. So
far from it, they were able to get monolithic col-
umns in a quarry adjoining that of Mr. Connelly,
.and for a much less price, and offered to furnisfi,
and so did the owner of that adjoining equally
offer to furnish it, for a price still less than Rice
& Heebner.
Mr. GREEN. Crowley?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. GUEEN. I understand it all.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course you do, but your state-
ments do not show it. I am dealing with your
statements, not with your knowledge. Then, sir,
the question was whether marble of lower mate-
rial should be adopted. Captain Meigs's letter,
from which I requested the statement of the Sen-
ator to be read which he made upon the founda-
tion of it, set forth, what was the fact, that in this
quarry in Maryland they could get monolithic
columns; but he never asserted that those mono-
lithic columns were fit for this Capitol. Tho
marble is so inferior that it would deface the Cap-
itol to raise a portico of it in front of the fine-gram
marble which has been used for the ashlar of the
building. Rice&. Heebner were willing to furnish
Italian columns; but there was no contract for
them; no order was given for them, and Captain
Meigs,overhisown signature,has lately,inapub-
lic paper, branded the statement as a falsehood.
They are importers of Italian marble; tiiey have
Italian marble at the quarry in Carrara. What
of that? They were importers of Italian marble
before they were contractor for the Capitol, and
will be, I suppose, after the Capitol is finished.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Mississippi allow me a moment? There must be
some misunderstanding as to our position. I
perceive that the doors are kept closed, but I be-
lieve we are in open session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Senate is m legislative session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The doors are all locked.
Mr. DAVIS. I was addressing the Senate,
and, theiefore, very careless whether there was
anybody in the galleries or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not on that account,
but I thought it proper, as we were in open ses-
sion, that the doors should be opened.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will have the doors opened.
Mr, DAVIS. I was proceeding in relation to
I these Italian columns. These importers of Italian
j marble were willing to furnish monolithic shafts
I for the Capitol of Italian marble. The Adminis-
