1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
withdraw that motion. It was reported by a com-
mittee of the House of Representatives, and passed
that body without debate,on the merits of the ques-
tion; there being no difference of opinion, except
as to the amendments which were adopted in the
House, and which make the bill unexceptionable.
It was reported by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Pugh,] from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads of the Senate, on the 3d of March
last, and has, therefore, received the sanction of
committees of both Houses, and has now passed
the other House without any question as to its
merits. The whole discussion, which I have now
before me in the Globe, arose upon amendments
to the bill in the House of Representatives to place
it in a perfect form. I hope, therefore, inasmuch
as there is no object in referring it back to the
same committee that once reported it, it may be
allowed to pass.
Mr. HALE. My reason for making the mo-
tion is this: there are a great number of claims of
this character before the committee now, and there
has been a communication addressed by the chair-
man of the committee to the Postmaster General
on this class of claims, and an answer has been
received from the Postmaster General. Besides,
I notice a phraseology in the bill similar to one
that was in a bill passed a year ago, under which
very large sums were taken out of the Treasury,
limiting the discretion of the Postmaster General,
bccause he is directed to settle according to certain
evidence on file in the Department. I think it had
better go to the committee.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the S^iate
now proceed to the consideration of the Private
Calendar in its regular order.
Mr. GREEN. I offered a resolution the other
day which was objected to, and now iies on the
table. I move to take it up. My object is this 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana has moved to proceed to the consider-
ation of the Private Calendar.
Mr. GREEN. The morning hour has not yet
expired, and I think he will postpone that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What does the Senator
from Missouri desire? 1 did not hear him.
Mr. GREEN. To take up the resolution on
the subject of adjournment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think that resolution will
lead to debate. I prefer adhering to my motion
to take up the Private Calendar. *
Mr. GREEN. The morning hour has not ex-
pired, and I think it rather unfair to consume the
morning hour by the regular orders. I think we
ought to have the morning hour for incidental
questions. I move to take up that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other motion
is before the Senate, unless the Senator from
Louisiana withdraws it. It is moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the Private
Calendar.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty; noes
not counted.
GEORGE FISHER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 8) relating to the claim of George Fisher,
late of Florida, deceased, the pending question
being on the amendment offered by Mr. Trum-
bell on Friday last, to add to the end of the
resolution:
And that not exceeding tile sum of .$2,000 shall be paid
by the Secretary ot' the Treasury.
Mr. SIMMONS. The amendment would defeat
the whole purpose of the joint resolution. The
amount already allowed exceeds that sum, and it
is yet to be credited to these parties. It has not been
drawn. The object is simply to correct a misap-
prehension of the Secretary of War. It seems that
a joint resolution passed Congress, directing the
Secretary of War to adjust this account and receive
testimony that was rejected for want of authenti-
cation. "This resolution merely provides that that
testimony shall be received, it having been since
authenticated by the Governor of Alabama. In
the account some portibns originally allowed were
struck out by the Secretary, because he misappre-
hended the tenor of the resolution. Aportionof
what had been allowed under former depositions
without dispute, was stricken out in the last ad-
justment; and this is merely to allow him to rein-
state that, he having closed the report, and he wants
the authority of Congress to do it. I think the
item is not $4,000; I do not exactly recollect; but
I looked over the account and saw where the mis-
take was, This is merely to permit the Secretary
of War to correct that error. He thought we ought
to pass a joint resolution for that purpose, and I
reported one last year which passed the Senate
unanimously. It was a unanimous report of the
Committee on Claims, and it had the unanimous
sanction of the Senate; and I thought there was no
question about it,*and that it was not necessary to
make a written report again, going over the details.
I trust no one will object to it; liut the amount fixed
in this amendment would cut it off. I hope the,
amendment will not prevail.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EPISCOPAL MISSIONARY SOCIETY.
The bill (S. No. 106) authorizing the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in the United States, to enter a
certain tract of land in the State of Wisconsin,
was read if second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Domestic and For-
eign Missionary Society of the Protestant Epis*
copal Church in the United States to enter, at
the rate of $1 25 per acre, a certain tract of land
known as the Mission Farm, and numbered as
lot No. 18, on the east bank of Fox river, near
Green bay, Wisconsin, having a front on Fox
river of six chains, and running eastwardly back
from the river, between parallel lines, one hun-
dred and fifty-four and sixty-nine hundredths
chains, and containing ninety-two and eighty-one
hundredths superficial acres.
Mr. MASON. I should like to learn from the
chairman of the committee that reported the bill,
whether this missionary company is an incorpo-
rated company; whether it is the purpose of the
bill to vest the title'in it as an incorporated com-
pany for religious purposes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a report on file.
The bill has passed the Senate, I think, in more
than one instance. It is to confirm the title of this
society 
Mr. MASON. The Senator did not hear my
inquiry. I wished to know whether this mission-
ary company is an incorporation, and whether the
effect of the bill is to vest the title to these lands
in the corporation. The report, I dare say, will
show it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The report is but a very few
lines. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the following report made
by Mr. Benjamin on the 26th of January:
The Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom was
referred the memoiial of the Domestic and Foreign Mis-
sionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the
United States, and also the petition of Edson Sherwood
and twenty-four others, praying foi the confirmation to the
above-named society of its title to a certain tract of land in
the State ot Wisconsin, have had the same under consid-
eration, and ask leave to make the following report:
That in the year 1829, as petitioners state, the Domes-
tic and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant Epis-
copal Church in the United States, by permission of the
Secretary of War, entered upon lot No. 18, situated on the
east side of Fox river, near Gieen bay, in the State of Wis-
consin , and established thereon a mission and school among
the Menomonee and other Indians in that vicinity. Tho
memorial of the society alleges that the mission continued
in successful operation until the removal of the Indians to
the west of the Mississippi, and that upwaids of nine thou
sand dollars have been disbursed for impiovcments made
by it on said land. The society, m order to indemnify it-
self as far as possible, as well as to carry on missions else-
where, now asks Congress to pass an act allowing it to
enter said land on the payment of the usual price demanded
of settlers on public lands.
Your committee can sec no objections to the prayer of
the petitioners being granted, and a bill is accordingly re-
ported, and its passage recommended, authorizing said soci-
ety to enter, at the late of $1 25 per acre, the tract settled
by it, and known as the Mission Farm, and containing
ninety-two and eighty-one hundredths superficial acres.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have always
been opposed to granting land to religious insti-
tutions or corporations for the purpose of letting
them hold it and retain it, unless it be actually
necessary for their proper purposes, and I should
object to giving this title to be held by this society.
I understand, from the tenor of the report, that
this missionary society has fulfilled all the func-
tions of its mission, as far as this site is concerned,
the Indians having been sentaway. I havenoob-
jection to the land being sold for the benefit of the
society; but I should be ggainst giving them a
title to hold it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say to the Senator
that I had not the report before me when I was
up before; but the facts are now recalled entirely
to ray recollection. This missionary society,
with the sanction of the Secretary of "War, entered
upon a small piece of ground of ninety-two acres,
and established upon it a farm and a school, a
church, and other buildings, for the teaching and
education of the Indians. They continued in suc-
cessful operation there, having expended $9,000
in these buildings, until the Indians were removed.
They now desire to follow the Indians into the
Indian country, and continue their charitable mis-
sion. For that purpose, they desire to get back
the value of the buildings they have put on the
land; but they cannot sell tho buildings sepa-
rately. There are only ninety-two acres of the
land. They want a title to it, in order that they
may sell the land and buildings together. There
is no danger whatever that they will remain upon
the land.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will be security
that they will not stay there, I shall cease any
opposition.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot be security for
that. I cannot see any object they would have
in remaining there. They have abandoned the
mission; they have gone West with the Indians;
and now want to sell the land and the buildings.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. MASON. I think it would be safer to
guard the bill so as to take care that the land shall
be sold. I will not interpose any objection to the
bill being passed; but I ask that it ue laid on the
table until I can suggest that form of amendment,
that the title be given to them for the purpose of
selling.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Chesnut
in the chair.) The Chair does not understand
the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. MASON. I move that a proviso be put
into the bill, that they shall have authority to
enter the land, provided their title shall cease un-
less they sell it within five years.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reduced to writing. •
Mr. MASON. It is to add:
Provided, That the title to the land shall reveit to the
United States, unless the same shall be sold and conveyed
by the said society within five years after the passage of
this act.
The amendment'was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
DE BONNE A.ND DE REPENTIGNY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to'consider tho bill (S.No. 92) author-
izing tho courts to adjudicate the claim of the legal
representatives of the Sieur de Bonne and of the
Chevalier de Repentigny to ccrtain land at the
Sault Ste. Marie, in the State of Michigan. It
proposes to authorize the legal representatives of
the Sieur de Bonne and of the Chevalier de Repen-
tigny to present their petition to the United States
district .court for the district of Michigan, setting
forth the nature of their claim to certain land at
the Sault Sto. Marie, in Michigan, under an al-
leged grant, in 1750, from the Governor and Lieu-
tenant General, and from the Intendant General
of New France, now Canada, with evidence in
support of their claim, stating the names, as near
as maybe, of all persons claiming adversely, and
praying that the validity of the title may be in- *
quired into and decided under the laws of nations,
the laws, usages, and customs of the country from
which the same was derived, and the treaties and
laws of the United States; and the district court
is to examine the same, and, in adjudicating the
question of the validity of the titfc as against the
United States, to be governed by the laws of na-
tions and of the country from which the title was
derived, and also by the principles, so far as they
are applicable, which arc recognized in the act of
Congress approved May 26, 1824, " enabling the
claimants to lands within the limits of the State of
Missouri and Territory of Arkansas to institute
proceedings to try the validity of the same;" and
the district attorney is to proceed, in defense of
the interests of the United States, in all tilings as
