2266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
ing party—the Senate; and the party inquired of—
the President. In this way the public interest is
sypposed to be doubly insured against improper
publicity.
But, sir, it is a very serious question, indeed, if
you consider itas a matter of strict power, whether
we have not the right, if we choose, in a case of
public exigency, to demand of the President to
lay before us information in relation to the public
affairs. 1 will not decide the question; I will not
say that we have •, but this I will say, that, accord-
ing to usage and practice here, we have been in
the habit of calling peremptorily on every inferior
officer of the Departments for information from
his Department. We have used the forbearance
of which I have spolcen only in relation to our for-
eign affairs. When we call on the Secretary of
State for information, we should perhaps ask it
from the President of the United States, if it be of
a character connected with our foreign relations.
With them the President is particularly charged;
and, therefore, it would perhaps be courteous and
wise in us to make the inquiry through the high-
est channel; but in no other Department of the
Government is this so. We may call perempto-
rily on any other Department, and we arc in the
habit of so doing. We nlKy not only call for in-
formation in this way, butl should suppose that
it was entirely in the power and discretion of the
Senate to demand of the Secretary of War, for
instance, to come here and bring every record or
every cJetk belonging to Ins Department, subject
to ourpersonal examination of him and them. As
Senators, as conservative men, regardful of the
rights of all, and particularly of preserving the en-
tire integrity of the Government, wc should be
careful how we took such an extreme step. Per-
haps none of us has ever known a case where it
would have been justifiable; but still, when we are
treating of the mere question of power, and when
we know not what exigencies or what emergencies
may arise, I would not conscnt to surrender the
power. Sir, I have said more than this question
deserved.
Mr. DAVIS. The question, as it arose on the
proposition of the Senator from Virginia, was a
general question. As presented in most of the
remarks of the Senator from Kentucky, it becomes
a special one. He treats the Secretary ofWar?,s
nn agent appointed by the Congress to sell a mili-
tary reservation, and not as Secretary of War.
In that view of the case, surely there is much
force in the suggestion presented by the Senator
from Kentucky. ]>nt even let us concede that he
is an agent; that lie is our agent; that wo have a
right to make him do anything we please, is it
necessary to say, " I order you, sir;" or is it not
the language of ordinary and polite intercourse
even to request a servant ? I am sure that is what
the Senator from Kentucky would do himself to-
wards the humblest dependent he ever had.
But before the close of the Senator's argument,
he assumed a position which 1 think is really im-
portant, He asserts the light of the Senate to <uder
aSecn tary of War to come, with all hispapers and
all his clerks, and bo examined here. If that he
so, then a Secretary or hr;id of a Department is
not a mere part of the executive branch of the
Government, and the President is not entirely
responsible for what he does. We are the judges
in the case of impeachment of the President or
any other officer. We ought not, to originate in-
vestigation; we ought not to bring witnesses be-
fore us to sit in the first instance to learn whether
an impeachment should be made or not, when m
the last resort we arc to sit as judges to try the
case. That belongs to the House of Representa-
tives. Investigations belong to the House of Rep-
resentatives; investigations looking to impeach-
ment should be confined to the House, If the
Senate assume that authority, we become the in-
vestigating, as well as the trying, body. It seems
to me to change the whole theory of the Govern-
ment—the relation of the two Houses of Congress
to the executive department, and to all other civil
officers. I therefore should think it a very dan-
gerous power to admit. It would be an innova-
tion on the practice of the Government which I
should think exceedingly hurtful. But to answer
the posifi^i taken by the'Senator from Krntnrkv,
which narrows it down to the single cose, and
makes no application of it beyond such a case, I
would say if the Secretary be the agent, the mere
agent of the Congress, ant! we have the power to
order him to make a report, to compel him to
make a report, still, as wc have no right to be-
lieve he would be recusant, it is as well to say>
wc request him to send us the information.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this were a question
merely of courtesy, I do not know that I should
care much about it. 1 suppose, however, U is a
sufficient answer to what has been said by the
Senator from Mississippi, on that point, to say
that such has been the universal usage, as I un-
derstand it; and such would seem to be language
not improper, when used by the Senate of the
United States to an officer. Rut, sir, I take ex-
ception to the general doctrine of the Senator from
Mississippi. The Secretary of War, like the other
Secretaries, is a civil officer. He is not a mere
clerk of the President, although he is connected
with the Executive department. The Secretary
of War is not recognized as such, in teims, by
the Constitution, He is the crcaturc of statute.
All the Secretaries are creaturcs of statute. They
arc civil officers, made by the law of the land. He
is intrusted with certain duties connected with the
War Department by law, not by the President.
We, as a part of the legislative power, create the
office; Congress creates the office of Secretary of
War, and imposes upon him certain duties con-
nected with the Army. He is not a military man,
although he has the oversight, in a certain de-
gree, of that branch of the Government. Now,
sir, are we to be told, being thus created, having
these duties, important to the country, that wc
arc to surrender all control over him, simply be-
cause the Constitution'makes the head of an Ex-
ecutive Department one of the advisers of the
President, in certain cases? 1 hold not.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator will perccivc, at
that point of his argument, not intending to in-
terrupt him, I admitted the argument of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, that the Secretary of War
might be chargcd with powers which did not be-
long to his office, as Secretai y of War, and would
thus becomc an agent of Congress, in the ease
supposed by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, sir, the difference
between the honorable Senator from Mississippi
and those of us who differ from him, depends
altogether upon the question how far that goes.
! hold that, as the Prcsidentis the commander-in-
chief of the Army, we cannot call upon an offi-
cer of the Army, perhaps, to furnish us informa-
S ?ion:we must call upon the President. The Sec-
| letary of War, like the others, is a civil officer,
j and liable to impeachment. We may impeach
j him. We could not, with any effect, impeach
i the President for disobedience of orders, or of cor-
ruption on the part of the Secretary himself. We
impeach the officer thus created, directly. All ci\ d
officers are liable to impeachment, and he is a civil
officer.
Then, sir, being a civil officer, created by stat-
ute, having under his control an important branch
of the public service, is U to be held that we can-
not give him a dnnction which shall be binding
upon lum? 1 hold that it would be very danger-
ous indeed to assume any such principle. I care
nothing particularly about the question of cour-
tesy. I am perfectly willing and desirous to use
sucii language in the intercourse of the Senate
with public officers as is becoming to it. Cer-
tainly it cannot be unbecoming to use that which
has always been made use of without exception.
I rose meiely for the purpose of entering my
protest against the supposition that, in all mat-
ters relating to the duties of his office, the Secre-
tary of War is not bound to respond directly to
our order. If a contrary order is given him by
the President of the United States, in a matter
about which we have a right to inquire, then we
have only to make a call upon the President him-
self in the language proper and peculiar, and if
he refuses and interferes unreasonably with the
order of the Senate in regard to those matters,
then the question arises how far he may be re-
sponsible to public opinion, or otherwise. At
any rate, 1 am not willing, for an instant, to yield
to the idea that wc are obliged to loosen our hold
upon any civil officers of this Government—any
offi'-er created by law—simply because he holds
a relation to the President which may be consid-
ered as making him a part of the executive gov-
ernment.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry to interrupt the Sen-
ate again in its progress  
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is not inter-
rupting me. I have got through.
Mr. DAVIS. Not the Senator. I say I am
sorry to impose on the Senate again any remarks
in relation to this subject. If it were a mere mat-
ter of f<^rm I should not have said anything, I
did not so consider it when it was first presented;
and now I merely propose to make a single re-
mark in answer to the closing remarks of the
Senator from Maine. With a view to show him
exactly the difference between us, I will present
him a case. Suppose the Senate should order a
Secretary to send certain information here, and
thcSecretary should reply: " that information is of
a character which the President does not allow ma
to communicate:" then what would be yourorder?
A display of your power? An arraignment of the
Secretary? Impcachmont? Not at all. You liavo
confidential relations with the Executive. You
would then do what you might have done in the fi rst
instance: instead of an order, you will send a re-
quest to the President, as far as the public inter-
est would permit, to communicate to the Senate,
in executive session, this confidential information
which wc, as his confidential advisers, might thus
receive. There is a case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take it, Mr. President,
there is no diifercncc between the Senator and
myself on that point. If it gets back, as I stated
before, to a mere question of what is expedient
to do in the first place, whether to say " request"
or " direct," that is a question about which I care
nothing. My answer is, we may as well go on
as we have done. -But, in the case supposed, if
the Secretary of War refuses upon such grounds,
I should apply to the President, respectfully, to
know the reason why he interfered with our or-
der. If the President gave satisfactory reasons,
I should not insist upon it. Ifhc did notgive sat-
isfactory reasons, I should insist upon it. The
answer should be made by the Secretary to our
call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to
amend the resolution by striking out the word
"requested," and inserting "directed."
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 21, noes 17.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE II0U9E.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House insists upon its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 4)
making appropriations for the consular and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1860, insisted on by the
Senate; agrees to the conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houncs
thereon, and had appointed Mr. John Sherman
of Ohio, Mr. John S. Millson of Virginia, and
Mr. Edward Jot Morris of Pennsylvania, man-
agers at the same on the part of the Hou*e-
Tho committee on the part of the Senair con-
sists of Messrs. Pearce, FEssEKDF,x,ancl Gum.
The message further announced that the Hous>o
agrees to the fiist amendment of the Senate to Urn
bill (II. R. No. 5) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861, with an amend-
ment, in which the concunence of the Senate was
requested, and disagrees to the residue of the
amendments of the Senate to the bill.
ENROLLED RILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bill ana joint
resolutions; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 499) to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 18G0;
A joint resolution (S. No. 6) authorizing the
enlargement of, and construction of a branch of,
the Louisville and Portland canal; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 28) for the relief of
A. M. Fridley, late agent of the Winnebago
Indians.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the message of
the President of the United States m relation to
the Africans captured and landed on the coast of
Florida, has had the subject under consideration
