302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January
Mr. MASON. I think, however, that he has
been quoted by the honorable Senator, substan-
tially, correctly. Ccrtamly, I believe that because
of the aggressions committed by the servile States,
commonly called the free States, upon the condi-
tion of African bondage in the South, the mind of
the South has been more turned toward it, and by
reason of that further consideration, more delib-
eration, pondering more deeply upon the relations
subsisting between the African race in this coun-
try and the white race, the opinion once enter-
tamed, certainly in my own State by able and
distinguished men and patriots, that the condition
of African slavery was one more to be deplored
than to be fostered, lias undergone a change,and
that the uniform—I might almost say universal—
sentiment in my own State upon the subject of
African bondage is, that it is a blessing to both
races, one to be encouraged, cherished, and fos-
tered; and to that extent the opinion of Virginia
is different from the opinion entertained by those
distinguished men who have now gone, but who,
we believe, best knowing their sentiments, if they
lived in this day would concur with us. That is
the present opinion. I was not present when this
debate arose, and I am at some loss to know how
this question of the mcnts or demerits of the condi-
tion of African bondage has arisen in the Senate
of the United States; for it is a question 1 should
think purely abstract, and with which we have
nothing to do.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator who has just taken his seat, was
not present when the debate arose. This discus-
sion has grown up and become, in its nature,
somewhat conversational, in consequence of my
having been interrupted several times, having
made m the outset a geneial remark on this sub-
ject of slavery, that the men of the South had
latterly taken different ground from that hereto-
fore occupied by them, and the honorable Senator
from Virginia now confirms the statement which
1 made, for which I am much obliged to the hon-
orable Senator. [takeit thatitmustbe conceded
that the same opinions are not to-doy entertained
on the subject of slavery, as an abstract question,
among the leading* men of the South wlueh were
entcitamed for the first fifty years of the existence
of this Government undei the Constitution of the
United State w. Tins revolution is fundamental if
we go to the very bottom of it, and rests upon
the, ground which the honorable gentlemnn from
Virginia has now stated, that negro slavery is
right, a blessing to both races, black and white.
The churches of the South, the schools of the
South, the public press of the South, the Legisla-
tures of the South, and the statesmen of the South,
to-day maintain that doctrine. From this com-
paratively nt w idea pioceed all those tremendous
struggles upon this question which the countiy
has witnessed the last ten years. It demands
first, that the power of Congiess to restrict or
limit its expansion shall be given up; seeondly,
that the people of a Territory shall have no power
to limit or exclude it; and in the third place, that
by a decree of the Supreme Court, which the
President declares to be irrevocable, the power of
Congress over this subject in the Territories shall
be destroyed at one blow, and that the Constitu-
tion of its own force guaranties slavery under its
protection in all the Territories wo now have, or
may hereafter ever acquire.
I do not complain of gentlemen who may change
their opinions. It is any man's right—more, sir,
duty—to change his opinion when convinced of
error; but what I complain of is this: that when you
have changed your opinions you insist thai we
shall also change our opinions, and take the snme
new grounds which you now take*, and say, that if
weofthefree States,whomyousometimcsdenom •
inateasthe majority m this Confederacy, shall still
maintain the same opinionswhichourfarhcrs main-
tained, and your fathers maintained, and upon
which you have but rerentiy changed your own
views, and shall honestly exercise our political
rights, and elect aPresidcntof the United States,as
we legally may, who concurs with us in our opin-
ion that slavery is an evil and ought not to be ex-
tended into th" Territories, you propose, some of
you propose, to break up the Government. I do
not refer,of course, to (he honorable Senator from
Virginia, on my left, but there are those,and men
standing in high places, who declarc before the
world that unless we do acquiesce in this change
of opinion upon this question, politically and ju-
dicially, unless we acquiesce in this doctrine, and
take the ground which Mr. Buchanan has taken
in his message, this Government is to be broken
in pieces and the Constitution overthrown. Now,
sir, we have a right to complain of that. You are
to convince us by argument, and if you can con-
vince us by argument, it is well enough. We
have no objection to any argument addressed to
our understanding to convince us of our error; but
when that argument is to be accompanied by a
threat that the Government itself is to be destroyed
unless we accede to this new opinion which you
yourselves have recently formed, we have a right
to complain.
Mr. President, so much has been said, in rela-
tion to the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States in the Drcd Scott case, that I desire
to submit a few words on that subject also. I do
not deny the power of the Supreme Court of the
United States m any case which comes before that
court in which it has jurisdiction to make a final
adjudication in that case; but if, in the course of
that adjudication, the judges of the court give ex-
pression to an opinion bearing upon a political
question, I deny that that opinion has any bind-
ing force whatever upon us, as members of the
Senate, orupon the President of the United States,
acting m his capacity as President, cither to ap-
prove or to disapprove the legislation of Congress.
This Supreme Court have power to decide a case
over which they have jurisdiction, because there is
no other tribunal to which an appeal can be made;
and in a case of that kind, their decision is final
and binding upon the parties to the suit. Then-
rights, under the decision, become vested; but that
any opinion which they may express, in the course
of that adjudication, is or ought to control the po-
litical or the legislative action of the members of
this body, or the political action of the people of
the. United States, I deny altogether, as the most
dangerous of all doctrines that ever was promulgcd
on the floor of the Senate or elsewhere. Grant
to this Supreme Court, composed of judges irre-
sponsible to the people and chosen for life, this
power of construction of the Constitution, and,
though the men upon that bench were angels in-
stead of men, theie would be established in this
Government an oligarchy as despotic as if is irre-
sponsible. It was John Randolph, I think, who
made that most significant remark, " the Hook of
Judges comes before the Book of Kings."
The business of a court is not to make or un-
make laws or constitutions. Their business is
simply to dccide the rights of parties. In arriv-
ing at that decision, they may and must pass on
the law itself before they can apply it,; but thev
pass upon the question of law merely as the means
of arriving at their decision, as incidental to the
duty whLh they have to perform m deciding the
rights of the parties. The court may decide right
or wrong,and whether they decide right or wrong,
if there is no appeal from their decision, the par-
ties in that particular ease are bound by the de-
cision notwithstanding; and tho rights acquired
under it, whether they are based on aright decis-
ion or a wrong decision, become fixed and vested,
because there is no appeal to any other human
tribunal.
But, sir, suppose this court should change its
opinion to-morrow, would that change the Con-
stitution ? Suppose that, m any new case arising
before the Supreme Court of the United States,
this same question of constitutional power should
be again discussed, and the court should do as this
court has often done, and as other courts no less
able and distinguished have done a thousand times
m the history of judicial proceedings, overrule
their own former opinion, would that change the
Constitution? Not at all, sir; the Constitution
would lemain the same. I protest against this
monstrous doctrine; and especially when it is
promulgcd by the leaders of the Democratic party
of the United States. That was not the Demo-
cratic doctrine when General Jackson was Presi-
dent, and Chief Justice Taney was his Secretary,
That was not the doctrine in relation to the con-
stitutionality of the United States Bank. The
Supreme Court of the United States once decided,
in the course of its judicial history, that a Bank
of the United States was constitutional. Who
believes, if that question whs presented to that
court to-day, that it would decide that a Bank of
the United States watt constitutional? The de-
cision of judges is, after all, merely the opinion
of men; an opinion which must necessarily be
acquiesced in by the parties whose rights ore de-
termined; but it is not an opinion to be acquiesced
m cither by the legal profession or by political
parties or by the Senate of the United States acting
in its official capacity. Their opinions are to be
treated respectfully, as the opinions of any other
respectable men; but when we come to act in
our capacity as Senators of the United States, we
do not bow down to the opinion which may have
been delivered in the Dred Scott case, or in any
other case by the Supreme Court of the United
States, or by the supreme court of any State in
this Union. We are reduced to a very strange
state of things, if the mere dictum, or the mere
opinion of any one of the courts of the United
States, is to be received to control the action of
the legislative body of the Government, or to con-
trol the action of great political parties.
Without discussing the question, which has
been often referred to, whether the Supreme Court
had or had not jurisdiction over the question of
the constitutionality of the Missouri compromise,
I desire, for a few moments, to call your attention
to the history of the legislation of this Govern-
ment bearing on that question; and I undertake
to show that every Administration of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, beginning with
Washington, and coming down to the close of
the administration of James K. Polk, every Ad-
ministration. upon their official oaths, asserted
and exercised the power of Congress to legis-
late on the subject of slavery in the Territories,
and to legislate, by way of restriction, m every
one of the Territories. To go back to the admin-
istration of Washington, the ordinance of 1787
was reenacted during his administration, and re-
ceived his official signature. It was the eighth
act, I believe, which ever passed the Congress of
the United States. In the administration of John
Adams, In diana was organized, in whi ch this same
provision was reenacted. Come down to the ad-
ministration of Mr. Jefferson, who was the apostle
and leader of the great Republican party of this
country: in the organization of the Territory of
Orleans, aTerritory which was acquired by treaty
from France, in winch the institution of slavery
existed under the laws of France, by the seventh
and the tenth sections of the act organizing that
Territory, it was provided that the foreign slave
trade, and also that the domestic slave trade, should
not be permitted m that Territory. Although that
provision of the Constitution which was to take
effect in 1808, giving Congress the power to put
an end to the slave trade, had not yet taken effect,
in 1804, four years before that time, in the bill
organizing the Territory of Orleans, the foreign
slave trade was prohibited: so, too, was the do-
mestic slave trade prohibited, and no man was
permitted to take a slave into the Territory of Or-
leans for sale at all, and no slave could bo taken
into that Territory, except by a bona jide owner
removing into the Territory for actual settlement.
Here, even in relation to the Territory of Orleans,
where slavery existed, Congress exercised the
power of legislation upon the subject of slavery,
and exercised it by way of restriction. I do not
say that it exercised all its power; I do not say
that Congress did all that it could do to prevent
slavery going into that Territory; but Congress
did legislate on that subject, and did legislate by
way of restriction. It provided that, if any man
took a slave into the Territory for sale, or if any
man took a slave into the Territory unless he was
actually emigrating into the Territory, and took
the slave as a part of his settlement with him, the
slave should be emancipated—emancipated by act
of Congress—and the man who was guilty of a
violation of its provisions should pay a nne of
$300. So, too, in relation to the cession by North
Carolina.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gcntlemanindulge
me n moment ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. in that same act, in rela-
tion to the Territory of Orleans, it was further
provided that slaves should not be taken into that
Territory, either for sale or in families, if they had
been imported into the United States since 1798.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am obliged to my honor-
able friend from Vermont. In the cession from
North Carolina, it was provided that Congress
should make no regulation tending to the nmanci-
