3210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
orable friend from Mississippi was now Secretary
of War, and we undertook to legislate into office
Captain Meigs or Captain anybody else: how
would he take it? I treat Governor Floyd as I
would treat Secretary Davis. " Honor to whom
honor is due." Hold the executive power per-
fect, but do not undertake to make a bridge over
their nose and insult them by passing over it. If
I were the Secretary of War, I would order that
officer to-day to report himself to General Har-
ney, in Washington Territory. I would not per-
mit this Senate and this House of Representatives
to insult me by undertakings take away my au-
thority by indirection. The Senator says, how-
ever, we do not take the authority away; he still
can do it; but the appropriation fails—it cannot be
expended under anybody else. Is that reason-
able, just, fair, or sensible? Suppose the Secre-
tary of War orders him to report to General Har-
ney, as he ought; let him perform a little active
duty and fight the Indians a little; expose his life
as other officers have to expose theirs; then this
appropriation fails, and the prosecution of this
work cannot go on; and here is a kind of coercion
upon tho Secretary of War and the President,
which you impose on them. Is that right? Would
you like it if you were at the head of the Depart-
ment?
Sir, I do not pretend to be the special advocate
of the President or of the Secretary of War. I
know them both personally, and regard them both
as good officers, nigh-minded, honorable, and un-
exceptionable; but I will never make myself the
peculiar advocate of any man. I regard the Pres-
ident as inferior to no statesman living; I regard
tho Secretary of Wai;. as one of the most honest,
high-minded, and honorable men living; but yet
I am no advocate of either of them. 1 am only
the advocate for a principle which is stricken at
by this amendment, which takes away that dis-
cretion, that supervising power which the law
has vested in them, to regulate the Army, and to
order its officers where public duty requires. If
Captain Meigs*Vesigns his place in the Army, and
you choose to give this place to a civilian, I have
no more to say; but to leave him in the Army,
with the vight of promotion, with the right of
brevet commission, and so on, and yet lying in
the city of Washington doing nothing, except
drawing on a sheet of paper, fixing«*ip contracts
for Italian marble,rather than American, I would
givofeim no favor; he is not entitled to any.
Not/, sir, 1 have said all I desire to say; for I
will not oppose the report of the committee of
conference. If it be the judgment of the Senate
that we cannot strike out an original proposition
which the Senate put in, I say I am in favor of
the proposition reported by the committee; but
the other proposition,to put Captain Meigs in, I
am decidedly against. He may be the best man
found in the Government; but I want to trust the
judgment, as to who is the best man, to the com-
petent officer, not to Congress. It was said by
the Senatorfrom Mississippi that we are thepoor-
cst possible judges. True, not only of the men,
but of the material. How much do we know
about Italian marble and American marble, as a
body? Why not confide it to competent men,
and hold them responsible for the execution of
their work ? By this means wo shall secure a good
job; we shall have a building that will be an or-
nament to this nation; which will stand as a per-
petual pledge for the union of these States, and
which all the machinations and schemes of dis-
uniomsts will never be able to destroy.
Mr. DAVIS The Senator from Missouri first
rose and undertook toeiiticise the Capitol exten-
sion, and to deny to the officer who had charge of it
fitness for a great public work on such an exhi-
bition of his capacities. To that I replied, and
then he says I had no right, when he was speak-
ing merely of what was in (he hill, to arraign his
knowledge of architecture. He subsequently un-
dertook to tell us all about marble, and to give
me a reason for his knowing more about marble
than I do, and winds up by informing us that
Congress knows nothing about it. Really, I can-
not keep pace with such varying positions; but
he did get a little into something which I do un-
derstand, when he said Captain Meigs had not.
been out fighting Indian*. Why, sir, it is not
his place. He is an officer of engineers. He has
no command of troops. His business is construc-
tion; not fighting Indians. Then he says that
he has been in Washington doing nothing. Now,
sir, I venture to say that any man who knows
anything about him will say that he has been for
five years the hardest-worked man in the Gov-
ernment, of any capacity whatever, of any char-
acter or position whatever; that his days and his
nights have been spent in harder physical and
mental toil than any officer of the Government;
and the wonder to me has been how he was able
to perform so much; and the attempt to get a
portion of his work for others was always on the
ground that he had more than any one man could
properly perform. With this I leave the subject.
Mr, GREEN. If he has worked so hard to so
little purpose, and accomplished nothing better
than this, he is not fit to be employed.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator is at architecture
again.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir, at architecture again.
I will make a further remark. The Senator says
there was a binding contract with Rice & fleeb-
ncr. I assert, after a critical, legal examination,
that that contract is forfeited, and has been for-
feited for some time, and that a legal contract has
been entered into with Mr. Connelly, which this
Congress now seeks to violate and desfioy. The
Senator says there is a legal subsisting contract
with llice & Iieebner to furnish these columns.
I say it is no such thing; there is no such contract.
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to call my friend's
attention to the fact that that is not a question
with which we have the least thing in the world
to do.
Mr. GREEN. That is true; and I remarked
that if the Senate determined that the committee
of conference could not strike out what the Sen-
ate put in, then I admitted that the proposition
made by the conference committee was better
than the proposition of the Senate in this respect,
and therefore I am in favor of it. But I was an-
swering what the Senator from Mississippi said;
L did not bring that subject up myself; but as it
was brought up, I thought I ought to answer.
Mr. LANE. I do not intend to occupy the
time of the Senate, but merely to state as briefly
as possible the reasons why I shall vote against
concurring in the report of the committee of con-
ference upon the bill now pending. The commit-
tee in this case, if I am not mistaken, have under-
taken to do that which Congress before has not
at any time undertaken to do. They have pro-
\uled that a lar^c nppropi mtion for bringing wa-
ter to this city shall he placed in the hands of an
Army officer, who is designated by name, and
that the work shall be eonstiueted by that man,
and by no one else. It dilleis from all appropri-
ations of that character heretofore made in its
application,because all appropriations heretofore
made for such works have been put under the di-
rection or supervision of the Secretary of War or
the President; but in this case an Army officer is
placed above the Secretary of War and above the
President, and it is provided that the work shall
be constructed by him independent of the Admin-
istration. Now, sir, will Congress peimit such
an indignity to be offered to the Executive? Will
Congress sanction such unprecedented and unne-
cessary legislation? Will they say that tho Ad-
ministration shall not have charge of the Army;
that they shall notdireet its movements; that they
shall not have charge of a public work, and con-
struct it according to their judgment? In this
case, it is proposed to disregard all precedents,
and, indeed, to disregard the Constitution itself;
for the Constitution makes the President eom-
mandcr-in-chief of the Army and Navy, with the
right to direct the movements of the Army; with
j the right to direct the official action of every offi-
I cer of the Army. Here you undertake to select
i a particular officer of the Army, and makf* him
! the sole agent for expending this large appropri-
j ation. I regret that any such thing has been un-
[ dertaken. It is wrong. It never ought to be
i done. Congress ought not to sanction it; and I
| hope the Senate will not concur in the provision
j reported by the committee of conference. I would
rather see the work stopped forever. I would
piefer that the water should nevei be brought
into this city, rather than have it brought at such
a sacrifice. It is wrong in every way you can
look at it; it is wrong in every view you can take
of it. Sir, if I should have a seat in the Senate
for twenty years to come, I shall never see the
day when I would impose such an insult and such
an indignity upon any Administration. Under
any circumstances, let who might be President
of the United States, I would never vote to place
over his head, in the hands of any Army officer,
the expenditure of a large sum of money, to be
disbursed by him, and him only, without re-
sponsibility to the Administration. It is an insult
that the Senate ought not to perpetrate; it is a
wrong that they ought not to be guilty of; and I
trust they will not. No Senator on either side of
the House can justify it. It is an attempt by law
to designate an Army officer who shall perform
certain duties, and to provide that none other than
he shall perform them. As was well remarked
by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,]
if he should die, what would become of the water
works? Who would carry on this work*? It
would have to stop until (Jpngress could legislate
again.
I say, with the Senator from Missouri, that 1
would order this man,Captain Meigs, out of Wash-
ington city. If he has been guilty of interfering
to procure such legislation, I would not let him
lie around the city. 1 have no charges to make
against him, for I have not the pleasure of even
knowing him when I meet him; but, sir, it looks to
me as if he had been lying around this city canvass-
ing this matter with members of Congress, tam-
pering with them, with the view of getting every-
thing m his own hands that he may be placed above
j the President, the Constitution, and his duty to the
country. Notwithstanding, I do not make the
chaigc; I only say it looks so to me. If that be
the ease, I would order him out of the city. He is
a constructing officer; let lnm go to thePacificcoagt
or some other place, and construct fortifications.
Ho should not here'be placed above the power of
the Administration, and I hope he may not be. I
trust that, upon the yeas and nays, this report
may be rejected. I would rather lose the bill; I
would rather see it defeated, rather lose the water
works, rather they should never be completed,
than have them made at such a sacrifice of right
and of justice, and, as I look at it, in violation of
the Constitution. The President is the com-
j mander-m-chief of the Army and Navy, and this
! Congress has no power to place an Army officer
j out of the power of the President, or assign him
! to duty where he will not be subject to the orders
! of the President.
I Mr. SEWARD. 1 do all honor to the senti-
j ments which move the honorable Senator from
! Oregon on this question; but still I must be per-
; muted to say that I think he is laboring under an
| error and exaggerating the character and import-
! ance of this transaction. All that is proposed by
j the House of Representatives, as I understand it,
is to make an appropriation for the completion of
the water works this year, dependent upon the
condition that the architect who planned and who
has superintended and conducted that great en-
terprise to its present stage, shall be continued in
the care of the work. It seems to me that the
consideration whether that architect is an officer
of the Army or of the-Navy is quite immateiial
to this question. It is not because the aichitect
is an officer of the Army of the United States that
he is continued, I suppose, but it is simply because
the House of Representatives have confidence in
his genius, in his talent, in his assiduity, his in-
tegrity, and his skill. I confess to share exactly
this confidence and faith which the House of
Representatives have expressed. It makes no
difference that the architect, the superintendent, is
an officer of the Army of the United States. We
are at great cost in maintaining a great scientific
school, and one of the departments of that school
is, very properly, to educate civil engineers and
architects. Those who are trained for this de-
partment in the preliminary school, nrcessnrily
go into the Army of the United States. Being
there, I think it is sound policy, and I see no ob-
jection to pursuing it, to intrust them with the
care and conductof public works; and when they
can exercise that care and conduct as advantage-
ously to the United States, I should think it prob-
ably an unwise policy to dismissal! architect who
has planned, and so far successfully conducted,
a great work. I think that all experiments of
dismissing competent and skillful and faithful
pubhc officers upon any considerations of change
are always liable, to be unsuccessful. 1 think
many great public buildings in Europe have suf-
fered in their complete execution by the change
