1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aos
pation of slaves. Why insert such a provision if
Congress had no such power? I would read the
section of the act, but I do'not desire to take up
the time which would be.necessary to do so. I
accept the correction, and the fact is important.
Well now, Mr. President, when do we first hear
of this celebrated doctrine, which has made so
much figure before the American people within
the last six or eight years, of territorial independ-
ence, squatter sovereignty, or whatever it may be
termed, the absolute right of a Territory, just as
soon as it is organized, to legislate for itself upon
all matters of internal concern, independent of
the control of Congress? During the administra-
tion of Mr. Jefferson, Governor St. Clair, of the
Northwestern Territory, first broached the doc-
trine which figures so largely with a certain class
of the Democratic party to-day, that the moment
a Territory is once organized, that moment it be-
comes independent of the action of Congress and
can legislate for itself, Congress having no more
Sower over it than the First Consul of Prance.
Ir. Jefferson was then President of the United
States, and Mr. Madison was his Secretary of
State. Mr. St. Clair used this language in an ad-
dress:
"For all internal affair*, we have a complete Legislature
of our own, and they are no more bound hy an act of Con-
gress than by an edict of the Fast Consul of Fiance.''
■President Jefferson, through Mr. Madison, as
Secretary of State,met this doctrine in this style;
he addressed Mr. St. Clair the following note:
" Sir : The Pie^ident, observing in an address lately de-
livered by you to the convention at Chihcotho an intem-
perance and indecorum of language towards the Legisla-
ture of the United States, and a disorganizing spirit and
tendency of veiy evil example and grossly violating the
rules of conduct enjoined by your public station, deter-
mines that your commission of Govenioi of the Noithwest-
crn Territory shall cease on the receipt of this notifica-
tion."
Mr. PUGH. I would ask the Senator where
he 'got that extract from Governor St. Clair's
speech. Did he ever read the whole, speech?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, I have not read the
whole speech; but I have read, as I suppose, the
substance of it.
Mr. PUGH. It shows that the Senator had
better have done it. Governor St. Clair was not
speaking of that question at all, but he was en-
deavoring to persuade the convention of the peo-
ple of Ohio, met to foim a State constitution, to
trample under foot the enabling act of Congress.
It had nothing to do with the Territorial Govern-
ment. It was a speech delivered in Chilicothe,
in 1802.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This was the ground he
took, that Congress had no control over the Ter-
ritories when they were once organized; that
they became States as soon as organized. That
was his idea.
Mr. PUGH. I tell the Senator, if he will read
the speech, he will not find any such idea in it
from first to last. It is evidently a garbled ex-
tract which the Senator h^B found in some place.
1 do not think he would garble it; but it shows
how important it is, when extracts are read, that
we should know where they come from.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think I have given the
substance of the speech. During Mr. Jefferson's
administration, there occurred a memorable event,
bearing upon this subject, never to be forgotten.
The Territory of Indiana petitioned Congress to
repeal the slavery restriction. It was refused by
Mr. Jefferson's Administration. It was referred
to a committee, of which John Randolph was
chairman, who reported against it, declaring that
it was unwise and inexpedient to impair a provis-
ion so well calculated to promote the growth and
prosperity of the Northwest Territory.
If you pass oil from the organization of the
Territory of Orleans, and come down to the or-
ganization of the Territory of Missouri, in the
administration of Mr. Madison, the same power
of Congress was recognized and exercised, though
not to the extent of exclusion. Pass down to the
administration of Mr. Monroe, when this very
Missouri compromise was passed. When the
question of the constitutionality of the Missouri
compromise was before Mr. Monroe, he sum-
moned his cabinet together and took their opin-
ions, and they gave their unanimous opinions in
favor of the power of Congress to exclude slavery
from the Territories of the United States. Upon
that subject, I beg leave to read an extract from
the diary of John duiiiey Adams, then Secretary
of State:
" March 3,1&>0.—When I came this day to my office, I
found there a note, requesting me to call at one o'clock at
the President's House, it was then one, aud I immedi-
ately went over. lie expected that the two bills, for the
admission of Maine and to enable Missouri to make a con-
stitution, would have been brought to him for his signature *,
and he had summoned all the members of the Administra-
tion to ask their opinions in writing, to be deposited in the
Department of State, upon two questions: 1. Whether
Congress had a constitutional right 10 prohibit slaveiy in a
Territory? and 2. Whether the eighth section of the Mis-
souri bill (which interdicts slavery lorevcr in the territory
north of 36° 30' latitude) was applicable only to the terri-
torial state, or would extend to it after it should become a
Stale ? As to the first question, it was unanimously agreed
that Congress have the power to prohibit slavery in the
Territoues."
As to the other question, whether the word " for-
ever" could extend beyond the territorial condi-
tion, there was a difference of views between the
members of the Cabinet; but Mr. Adams, in his
diary, states that Mr. Monroe summoned his Cab-
inet, and they were unanimously of opinion that
Congress had the power to prohibit slavery in a
Territory; and in that Cabinet were William
Wirt, William H. Crawford, and John C. Cal-
houn.
Mr. CHESNUT. I think it is due to the mem-
ory of Mr. Calhoun to state what I believe to be
known to most Senators, and is according to my
recollection, that upon the floor of the Senate, in
response to this charge, made by the Senator
from Missouri, Mr. Benton, he denied ever having
given such an opinion in relation to the Missouri
compromise. I state that much, as due to the
memory of Mr. Calhoun.
Mr. HAMLIN.. If my friend from Wisconsin
will allow me a moment, I will state that I recol-
lert very well the denial to which the Senator from
South Carolina has alluded. Mr. Calhoun did,
ujion the floor of the Senate, make that denial;
but I also recollect that a Senator of this body at
that time, Mr. Dix, of New York, obtained from
the State Department what purported to be ail ab-
stract from the envelope m which those opinions
were enclosed. The opinions themselves were
not found.
Mr. PUGH. And never have been.
Mr. HAMLIN. But the envelope was found
in the Department.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The bill received the sig-
nature of President Monroe; and if, at the time,
there was no published opinion given by any
member of his Cabinet against its constitutional-
ity, the presumption would be that they acqui-
esced in it. In relation to what has occurred now,
the disclaimer in behalf of Mr. Calhoun of his ever
havinggiven such an opinion, I have nothing more
to add. Nearly twenty-five years had elapsed, and
if Mr. Calhoun was relying on his memory, and
his memory alone, lie might have been mistaken,
while Mr. Adams's diary, from which the extract
is taken, made on the very day when it occurred,
it seems to me is very strong evidence, to say the
least, that the members of Mr. Monroe's Cabinet
must have unanimously concurred in that opinion.
But let us pass on from 1820, and come down a
little further in the history of the Government;
come down, if you please, at once 10 General
Jackson's administration. I understand Geneial
Jackson to be good Democratic authority. He
certainly was when I belonged to the Democratic
party of this country, although there are many
whom I see upon the other side of the Chamber
who were not enrolled within its ranks at that
time, who are standard-bearers of the Democracy
of to day; I do not refer to my honorable friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatkick.] In 183G,
Wisconsin was organized as a Territory, and this
same provision for slavery restriction was rein-
corporated in the bill for its organization; and, to
show how little General Jackson and his admin-
istration thought of this new dogma, that the mo-
ment a Territory is organized Congress has no
longer any power over its legislation, I will refer
you to some facts which took place during his
administration.
The Territorial Legislature of Florida and the
Territorial Legislature of Wisconsin assumed the
power to incorporate certain banking institutions.
During the administration of General Jackson a
law was introduced into Congress, and passed both
Houses and received his signature, repealing those
bank charters, and it went further, and declared
that no Territorial Legislature should have power
to incorporate a bank without the consent of Con-
gress. This shows what he thought of this idea
that these sovereign Territories from the moment
they are organized become independentof the con-
trol of Congress. Such an idea was never dreamed
of by the Democratic party in its better days.
But again, sir, Iowa was organized in 1838,"
during Mr Van Buren's administration, and in
the same year, I believe, there was an act passed
to alter and amend the organic acts of Wisconsin
and Iowa; and what was that alteration? Up to
that time, 1838, the Governor of a Territory al-
ways had an absolute veto on every law passed
by a Territorial Legislature. The Governor not
only had the right to veto it absolutely, but it was
made his duty if he approved a bill to submit it to
Congress, to be approved or disapproved by Con-
gress before it should take any effect; but in 1838
the territorial organicacts of Wisconsin and Iowa
were amended, and it was provided that the veto
power of the Governor should be reduced from an
absolute veto to a veto requiring but t%vo thirds of
both branches of the Legislature to passabill over
it; but in the second section of that act it was es-
pecially provided that:
"Nothing in this act contained shall in any way limit,
alter, or impair the power of Congress to repeal, annul, or
modify any act passed by the Territorial Legislature."
Where was this new dogma of Territorial sov-
ereignty then? Sir, it had never seen the light. No
man of standing in the country had ever dreamed
of it at that time, unless it be Arthur St. Clair,
of whom I have already spoken. The power of
Congress to control the legislation of the Terri-
tories was an admitted power, exercised by all
Administrations, contended for by all parties in
this Government from the beginning down to the
period of which I speak. But, sir, if you pass
on further, come down beyond the administration
of General Jackson to the administration of Mr.
Van Buron, the same power was exerciscd in re-
lation to Iowa. Coming down still later to the
administration of James K. Polk, when Mr.
Buchanan, the present President of the United
States, was Secretary of State, when Oregon was
organized, the same provision was inserted in the
organic act of that Territory, by which slavery
was prohibited therein forever.
It is true, therefore, as I have stated, that in
the history of this Government, from the admin-
istration of Washington to 1847, to the close of
Mr. Polk's administration, every Administration
from the beginning has not only asserted, but,
upon its official oath and responsibility, it has
exercised, the power to legislate for the Territories
over their internal concerns; not only upon their
local concerns generally, but upon the subject of
slavery, and to' legislate by way of restriction.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator mean to say
that that was the opinion of President Polk?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He signed the bill, and
when he signed the bill 
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator if he is aware
of the fact that Mr. Polk brought to the Capitol
a message to veto the Wilmot proviso, and that it
is in existence now? He brought it to the Capi-
tol, and would have vetoed the bill,and the mes-
sage is in existence.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The facts, I believe, are
these: Mr. Polk, at one time, contemplated veto-
ing the Oregon bill. He subsequently sent a spe-
cial message to the Congress of the United States,
in which he stated, in substance, that if the Ter-
ritory of Oregon had reached below 36° 30% he
would have vetoed the bill; not because Congress
had not the power, but on the simple ground of
expediency; that he was in favor of extending the
compromise line of 36° 30' to the Pacific ocean.
That is the ground on which he placed it.
Mr. PUGH. That is not the fact to which I
called the Senator's attention.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the Senator, do
you say that Mr. Polk, in that message, denied
the power of Congress?
Mr. PUGH. He did. I was going to tell the
Senator that the message to which I referred, the
original, is indorsed in Mr. Polk's handwriting:
;; I brought this message, signed, to the Capitol, on the
night of tli" 3d of March, 1849, intending to send it to the
House of Representatives if they had persisted m the amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic appropiiation bill,
Which was the Wilmot proviso; but the House
having reccded, the message never was sent in.
The paper is in existence. Large extracts of it
