I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this morning, and in view of the immediate ur-
gency of the case, has instructed me to report a
bill, and request its immediate passage by the Sen-
ate. There are several subjects in relation to the
slave trade that have been referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary; but the pressing nature of
this particular case is such as has induced us to
report a bill, and to refrain from taking the time
necessary for writing out a report. The bill that
we report is exclusively directed to such Subjects
as are now urgent, and require the immediate ac-
tion of the Senate; and I am instructed by the
committee to ask the Senate to pass the bill now
as soon as they shall hear it read.
The hill (S. No. 464) to amend an act entitled
"An act in addition to the acts prohibiting the
slave trade," was read the first time by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be read a sccond time at
length.
Mr. BROWN. Before that is done, I ask leave
to introduce a memorial. "
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
object to the reading of the bill?
Mr. BROWN. I do not care to do it positively,
unless it is necessary to get on with the morning
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read a second time, unless objection be made.
Mr. BROWN. I object to its being considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will lie
over.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of William W. Cox; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of Wil-
liam Applegarth& Son and others, merchants of
Baltimore, praying an appropriation for the re-
moval of a snag and sunken wreck at the head of
the Chesapeake bay; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I desire
to present a very interesting petition to the Senate
—interesting because of the character of the pe-
titioners, and because of the subject to which it
relates. It is a memorial of the principal chiefs
of the Cherokee nation of Indians, representa-
tives of the Cherokee nation, duly authorized and
appointed as such by an act of council of the said
Cherokee nation to make their memorial and
petition to the Senate of the United States, pray-
ing that the President of the United States may
be authorized to purchase that portion of their
territory known as the " neutral land." I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; but, unless
by unanimous consent, the motion to print will
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope there will be
unanimous consent. It is a very interesting peti-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator asks
unanimous consent that this memorial of the
Cheroke Indians may be printed. The Chair
hears no objection, and the printing will be
ordered.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
. Ordered, That the memorial of William W. Cox, pray-
ing compensation for services as messenger in the office of
the Sixth Auditor, on the files of the Senate, he referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
465) concerning conveyances of places of public
worship in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Jemima Watson, widow of William
Watson, and daughter of Israel Honeywell, pray-
ing remuneration for property destroyed during
the levolutionary war, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of William H. Vesey, United States consul at
Havre, praying to have refunded to him money
paid by him on account of the default of certain
tankers in Paris, with whom he had deposited
funds of the Government, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 463) for the relief of
William H. Vesey. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 557) to establish two Indian agencies in
Nebraska Territory, and one in the Territory of
New Mexico, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 371) for the relief of Joseph B. Ea-
ton, reported it without amendment; and sub-
mitted an adverse report, which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 200) to provide for the completion of
the military road from Fort Union to Santa Fe,
New Mexico, have directed me to report it back
with an amendment appropriating the sum of
$50,000 in addition, for the completion of the mil-
itary road from Taos to Santc Fe. I ask that the
amendment may be printed,and the bill go upon
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be printed, as a matter of course.
Mr. MALLORY, from the committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.No«
296) for the construction of five steam sloops of
war, for service on the African coast, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 459) for the relief of
Commander Thomas J. Page, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 458) for the relief of
Thomas J. Pago, reported it without amendment.
WASHINGTON INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following
order; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Ordered. That the Secretary be directed to request the
Ilouf-e of Representative-' to return to the Senate the hill
of the Home (No. 181) to provide lor a superintendent of
Indian affairs fcfr Washington Territory, and additional In-
dian atjcni*, which passed tnc Senate with an amendment
on the 19th of May.
INSTRUCTIONS TO MAIL CONTRACTORS.
Mr. POLK submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, by unanimous consent,and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to furnish, for the u<-e of the Senate, a copj- of a circular
issued from the General Land Office, oi date ot Hwptember
9, J857, in relation to preemptions to contractor eanying
mails through Teiritories wo«t of the Mi^i^ippi, under
the general provision lor that purpose in the a< t of Congress
approved 3d March, 18.">;>, making; appropnations lor the
pervice of th« Po«t Office. Dopaitment; and a!*o m refer-
ence to the special post route preemption under act of 3d
Match, 1837; aNo, a copy of a letter irom Jacob Hall,
dated July 26, ]&T>9, to the. Commissioner of the. General
Land Ofhce, in regard to the right of mail eontiactor* to
enter lands under the said act of Congress, parsed the 3d
March. 1B55; also, a copy of the instructions dated the 2d
of August, 1850, issued by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Ofliec, to the registers and icceivcra of the land
offices of Lecompton and Ogden, in Kansas Territory; also,
a copy of the reply of said Commissioner to said letter of
Hall; and also, a copy of the decision of the Secretary of the
interior upon appeal to him from the decision ot the Com-
missioner of the Genetal Land Office upon the application
by said Hall to enter lands under said act of the 3d of
March, 18oo; also, a copy of the letterofthe Commissioner
of the General Land Office to said Hall, dated 8th of March,
1860.
ASJSNATXI M. ELLIOTT.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill, (H. R. No. 695) for the relief of Asenath M.
Elliott, widow of Captain Edward G. Elliott, have
directed me to report it back and recommend its
passage; and as it seems to be a case of peculiar
hardship and great merit, we ask its present con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi asks unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to consider a bill he has iust reported at this
time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think I must
object to that motion. We have, but five mjiiutes
left of the morning hour. .
Mr. DAVIS. This bill will not take-a miriutfe.
Mr. GWIN. "We have another hour y.ct ftfr
morning business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will ask the
Chair whether the morning hour ends at twelve
or one o'clock ?
The TICE PRESIDENT. The Chair regards
twelve o 'clock as the expiration of the morning-
hour.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, I with-
draw my objection.
The VIC'E PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
hears no objection to the present consideration of
the bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. Rv, No. 695) for
the relief of Asenath M. Elliott, widow of Cap-
tain Edward G. Elliott. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Asenath M. Elliott,
widow of the late Captain E. G. Elliott, of the
United States Army, the sum of $5,000, in com-
pensation for private property applied to the pay-
ment of a balance erroneously appearing due
from him on the books of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
The bil] was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MILITARY ROADS IN OREGON.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 702) making appropriations for the
construction of certain military roads in the Ter-
ritory of Washington, have instructed me to report
it back and to ask that it be passed. It is an ap-
propriation for the completion of the roads from
Walla-Walla to Fort Benton; and also fora small
road which is recommended by the general com-
manding there to he quite necessary for military
operations. The committee instructed me to ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, winch appropriates the following sums to be
expended, under the direction of the War Depart-
ment, in the construction of the following-named
military roads in the Territory of Washington,
to wit: From Fort Benton to Walla-Walla,the
sum of ^100,000. From Steilacoom to Fort Van-
couver, the sum of $10,000, to be expended ex-
clusively on that portion between Cowhill river
and Monticello.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PAY OF THE NAVY.
Mr-. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
299) to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy
of the United States, with the amendments of the
House thereto, have directed me to report itback,
and ask that the Senate concur m the amend-
ments of the House. I will state to the Senate
that the amendments of the House are very
immaterial. The Committee on Naval Affairs
have gone over them all. I can explain them in
one minute to the (Senate, if it is desired. They
arc confined simply to a few amounts of increase
and decrease. They are very immaterial; and if
the Senate will concur in the amendments, we
can get rid of the whole matter now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida asks unanimous consent to consider the
bill reported back from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, proposing a concurrence in the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives. The
Chair hears no objection. The message from the
House will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the bill fiom the Senate No.299, entitled
"An act to increase and regulate the payor the Navy of
the United States," do pass, with the following amend-
ments :
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert as fol-
lows :
That, from and after the passage of tins act the annual
pay of the officers of the Navy, on tiie active hit, herein-
after named, shall be as follows :
Captains: The senior flag officer, created Wider and by
viitue of an act of Congress approved March 2,1S57, shall
receive ,$4,500 , captains when commanding squadrons,
.$VH)(>; all other r upland on duty at sea,#4,200i captains
on other duty. $3,GUI); when op leave or waiting orders,
