1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8211
of architects which timeand circumstances obliged
the Governments having them in charge to make.
Whatever opinions there may be as to the
completion of this Chamber, upon the execution
of the work or even upon its original plan, I must
be allowed to declare myself amongst those who
think that it has not been in any respect a fail-
ure in reference to the great objects for which it
was designed. It is too vast for the convenient
transaction of business; but the genius of our
people requires that it shall accommodate as large
a number of our fellow-citizens who take an in-
terest in the debates of the Senate as possible;
and abating that single objection on the ground of
convenience, I do not know anywhere on the face
of the earth, where a legislative body has ever
been, or is now found in the possession of a hall
so well adapted for the purposes for which it was
built. It is a place in which every person as far
as possible can see every other person, and every
person as far as possible can hear what every
other person says. That original purpose must
necessarily be controlled by a certain form of
building. That form being fixed, and the dimen-
sions being fixed, all there is left is to relieve the
monotony of an oblong figure as much as possi-
ble without running into extravagance in orna-
mentation.
Therefore, seeing no defect in Captain Meigs's
skill, ability, or taste, so far as they have been
exercised in this Senate Chamber, I am also pre-
pared to believe, what I hear on all sides, that
the aqueduct, which now approaches its comple-
tion, is a perfectly successful work. Indeed, no
person has questioned thatit has been built wisely,
skillfully, and well, and that it is to be a perma-
nent success. Under these circumstances, I con-
fess that so far from it being objectionable to this
appropriation that the House insist on retaining
the architect with it, I am glad to have an oppor-
tunity, on account of my personal partiality for
this gentleman, to express my concurrence, and
to consent that he shall not be dismissed from the
work unless there shall be some great public ne-
cessity for it. That public necessity docs not
exist. There are either no fortifications requiring
the presence of Captain Meigs and his activity,
or else there arc officers competent to do those
works. There is 110 war, domestic or foreign,
which requires that he should be transferred from
the field of this special duty to serve in the battles
of his country. It seems "to me, therefore, to be
a very small affair; and 1 think that without any
hesitation, without any sacrifice whatever of prin-
ciple, we can concur in the action of the House of
Representatives, and so exnedite business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I called the
attention of the Senate to this matter some days
ago, at the time when the amendment of the Fi-
nance Committee was adopted: but I was voted
down, with but very few sustaining my views.
Now the proposition comes in another shape.
At that time it seemed to be an indirect effort to
control the proper authority which had been
vested in the Departments. 1 so regarded it, and I
then suggested that it would be better to provide
directly that this officer should have charge of the
work.' I had not thought of the constitutional
question; and I suggested that, instead of so ar-
ranging indirectly as to produce the appointment
of a particular individual, it would be better to
name the officer who was to discharge the duty,
and that would be regarded as a compliment to
him, and not as a reflection on the Government.
When I said that 1 was willing to name the offi-
cer, as a compliment to him, my attention had not
then been called to. the fact that it was in some de-
gree in conflict with the Constitution. The objec-
tion was promptly made; and it silenced me. The
declaration having been made that that could not
be done, in consequence of the Constitution be-
ing in the way, I merely said, that if it could not
be done directly, T did not think it could be done
by indirection. The proposition passed, how-
ever. Now, finally, it comes in with the name
of the officer deputed to this work expressly put
forward; and again it is sought to be relieved of
the constitutional difficulty, by the statement of
the case as presented by the Senator from Geor-
gia. That is ingenious enough; but at the same
time it is achieving by indirection that which, it
seems, is disclaimed by those who advocate this
amendment, on the ground that it is not consist-
ent with the Constitution.
It seems to me that this is a very bad precedent.
Whether it is in accordance with any precedent
heretofore established or not, my experience and
observation do not enable me to say; but I am
satisfied that it presents precisely such a precedent
that hereafter, if there shall bo jn each House of
Congress a majority adverse to an Administration,
that majority can strike out of the hands of the
Executive, by the same indirection, the power to
control and direct public affairs, and fill the ex-
ecutive offices with enemies of the President. I
do not believe it is wise. It may be that it is for
the best in this case; but I do not think so. I do
not have a high estimate of my own judgment in
these matters; there are members of the Senate
who arc aware that they know infinitely more
than I know, and who have much more confidence
in their judgment than I have in mine, on such
questions; but this view is simply submitted by
mc with my humble opinion upon the point.
Let there assemble here two branches of Congress
as hostile to the Executive as one branch of this
Congress is to the present Executive, and they
may give* direction to the whole of our public
affairs, and a direction which will be impelled by
absolute hostility and enmity to the Administra-
tion. I do not think the precedent is right. Ah
far as I am individually concerned, I regret that
we cannot have a separate vote on the amend-
ment; and as I discover that we are compelled to
vote upon the report of the committee of confer-
ence as a whole, I shall simply content myself,
after these declarations, with stating that I shall
vote against the report.
Mr. GWIN. As I shall vote against this report
of the committee of conference, I wish to state
very briefly my reasons for doing so. I do not
object to the report on the same ground that the
Senator from Missouri does, in regard to the
marble columns for the Capitol; for really I think
the Government of the United States ought to
have the pi ivilegc of going anywhere and getting
the finest marble there is m the world to ornament
this Capitol on which we have spent millions of
dollars. But, sir, I am anxious to have the aque-
duct completed, and I indorse every tiling that has
been said by the Senator from Mississippi in favor
of Captain Meigs; but I am pcifectly confident
that if this amendment passes as it comes from
the committee of conference, the appropriation
will not be expended. I do not think the Presi-
dent of the United States will submit to the dicta-
tion, which I conceive it is, of forcing upon him
an officer by name 
Mr. TOOMBS. That is out of order.
Mr. GWIN. What is out of order?
Mr. TOOMBS. To quote the President of the
United States to this body.
Mr. GWIN. I can give my opinion. That is
my judgment of the constiuction which the Pres-
ident of the United States would put on it. Cer-
tainly, if I were President, I would put this con-
struction on it. and I therefore draw the inference
that he will. I am anxious that this appropri- !
ation shall be effective; but I do not think it will
be if this report be agreed to. It is competent for
Congress to designate certain plans of certain
architects, and say that tiie work shall he exe-
cuted according to Captain Meigs's plan; but
when it designates by name a subordinate of the
President of the United States, an officer of the
Army, and says that he alone shall expend the
money, in my judgment the President will not
submit to Congress designating any of his subor-
dinates to perform this work. That is myjudg-
mont, and for that reason I shall vote againstthe
report of the committee of conference; not that I
object to Captain Meigs having chaige of the
work at all, for I tlunk the amendment of the
Senate indicated pretty strongly what their views
are; but when his name is introduced, and it is
provided that the appropriation is only to be ex-
pended under his superintendence, it seems to me
that it will result in our having none of the ap-
propriation expended, and for that reason I shall
vote against the report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will remark, in reply
to what is said by the Senator from California,
who says he desiies to have this appropriation
expended, that I am perfectly well satisfied that
if this provision be changed, the appropriation
will not be made atall. If the Senate will observe
the course of proceedings elsewhere, they will see
that this report was at first rejected in the House,
and it was with difficulty that it could be carried
on account of this very appropriation; and if we
send it back there to be considered again, there is
no hope for it. This provision was a compromise
on  he committee of conference, and it was only
obtained and the appropriation kept in as a com-
promise; but if it goes back to the House again,
the Senator will defeat his great object, which
is to have this appropriation for the water works
made. The chairman of the committee of con-
ference, I think, will bear me out in the statement
1 have made.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was difficult to make
it goat all; and it was difficult, after it did go
through the committee of conference, to carry it
through the House. Here it is now, and we have
to take it, in my judgment, as it is, or not at all.
I would rather trust it to the President. I do not
see that all this difficulty presents itself which
gentlemen have suggested. The President and
Secretary of War were not bound to take notice
that they had been insulted; but it seems that
several gentlemen here have been very desirous
that they shall know it, and that it shall be called
publicly to their attention through the public
press, and in the debates of this body, that it is
considered by them an insult to the President and
Secretary of War. How do they know that those
officers will so take it? Why not take it on its
face, just as it presents itself, withoutany of these
annotations and representations? On its face, it
stands thus: here is a gentleman connected with
the engineer department, who made the plan and
the estimates for this work, and has up to this
period carried it through successfully, honestly,
satisfactorily to everybody; and we, in making
a large appropriation to complete the work, have
simply chosen to say that, in our judgment, this
money to complete the work ought to be expended
by the individual who organized it, who planned
it, who made the estimates for it,and who, up to
this period, has completed it so far as it has been
completed, and this is the finishing touch. That
is all the amendment says.
Gentlemen over this Chamber seem to say it
must be rejected because it is an insult to the
President and Secretary of War. Who knows
that they would take it so ? They must be very
thin-skinned; they must be very prone to take
offense, if that be so. I sec no necessity for it.
They had better follow my rule—which is not
confined to me, I hope—and that is, never to take
offense unless I am obliged to do so by the neces-
sity of the case. If offense is forced on me, I
must take it, and notice it; but I will not do it
until then; because it is much easier to get along
quietly in this world than people think, if they
are only disposed to do so.
Now, sir, I see no objection of this kind. There
are two items in this great bill making appropria-
tions for all these expenditures, which are objec-
tionable to some gentlemen. Suppose every other
gentleman who has been disappointed in some
particular thing contained in this bill, has not had
ins own way, should say he would vote against
this report, and break up the whole of the appro-
priations, just as we are on the eve of an ad journ-
mcnt: what would be the result? Congress would
be called together to legislate again on this very
matter. Is it worth while, is it acting like sensi-
ble men , to go off on a mere point of etiquette—
an imaginary point at that; for, after all, it is mere
imagination. I wish gentlemen to exercise a little
good sense and good nature on this subject, and
let a thing exceedingly difficult in itself, which
has at last been adjusted, be carried through; and
if the President chooses to take the responsibility
of considering himself injured, he can veto the
bill, or refuse to exccutc it in the manner that
Congress points out, and then the responsibility
will be on him, not on us. We have done what
we thought best.
Mr. HALE. I have not been in the Chamber
during the whole of this discussion, and I should
not say anything now, if some other person than
yourself, sir, [Mr. Foot,] were occupying the
chair. I understand that it has been stated here
that there is no American marble which is fit for
the finest uses to which marble can be applied. I
want, as a matter of justice to my own country,
to set that right. It was my fortune last fall to
visit the town of Rutland, in the State of Vermont;
