1324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
that duty, and they have performed the duty. It
•was a part of their judicial duty. It was clearly
within the power of Congress to impose it upon
them, just as much as it was within the power of
Congress to abolish the court of concurrent juris-
diction and to throw the whole of the duty upon
one judge, and to do so without augmenting his
salary, if Congress thought proper so to do; and
I cannot for myself see the propriety of inaugu-
rating any system by which judges, whenever
they are ordered by Congress to exercise an ad-
ditional jurisdiction to that which they have pre-
viously exercised, shall come here and ask for
extra pay.
The danger of reducing the judiciary to a sub-
serviency on the coordinate departments of the
Government is so obvious that I need not dwell
upon that consideration at all. It suggests itself
at once to the mind of every gentleman. Hereaf-
ter, if precedents of thislcind are established, each
judge will feel an interest in so deciding as to get
the favor of the coordinate departments of the Gov-
ernment. If his decisions be against the govern-
ment, he will fear that his claim for extra services
will not be allowed; whereas, if he leans in favor
of the Government, he indulges the hope that
something extra will be allowed him in addition
to the salary allowed by law. The system is a
dangerous one; it is an improper one. I think it
not altogether creditable to the judges themselves
to appear before Congress, and, after having per-
formed services in the sphere of their judicial du-
ties, to ask us for additional pay. A demand for
an increase of salary at the time the additional
duties were imposed would have been fair, would
have been legitimate. I, for one, if present, would
undoubtedly have been-willing to vote for it; but
they having failed to make any suggestion to Con-
gress that their pay was insufficient, and having
failed to ask an increase of salary on the ground
that these additional duties were imposed, and
having performed them f« the salary then pro-
vided by law, I think it would be a dangerous
precedent now to increase that salary for past ser-
vices.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hold in my hand a letter
from General Cass, who was at that time Gov-
ernor of Michigan, and I ask that it be read. It
will show that these services were extra-judicial,
and were so regarded at the time.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Washington, February 3, 1859.
Dear Sir: I have received your letter, but the time
within which you desire an answer is notsutficient to ena-
ble me to give you a detailed statement of the circumstances
connected with the claim for compensation for the services
rendered by Solomon Sibley, James Witherell, and Iloss
Wilkins, while judges of the Terrritory of Michigan, per-
forming the duties of commissioners to adjust the titles to
lota in the town of Detioit, under an act of Congress.
Among the records of the Senate or of the House of Rep-
resentatives will be found various certificates and state-
ments explanatory of this matter, which were prepared
someyeais ago, and submitted upon the presentation of
the claims of Messrs. Woodbndge, Morell, and Chipman,
for similar services. During most of the time when these
service* were performed I was Governor of the Territory
6f Michigan, and was associated with them jn the execu-
tion of tiiese duties, and among the papers referred to my
statement must be filed. My case was different from that
of the judges, being an executive, not a judicial officer, and
I am entitled to no additional compensation. The founda-
tion of these claims is briefly this. The town of Detroit
was utterly destroyed by fire in 1805; and in April, 1806, an
act of Congress wan passed, constituting the Governor and
judges of the Territory a board of commissioners to iay out
a new town, and to adjust the titles in the old one. This
duty was performed, and it was a heavy one, and required
some thirty years before it was completed. The judges
eoutended that Congress had no light to impose any other
than judicial dimes upon them, and that the services they
rendered were extra-judicial and ought to be paid for.
Upon the petition of Messrs. Woodbndge, Chipman, and
Moruil, tiie whole subject was investigated, and an act was
passed for their relief, thu-s iecogni/.m<: the right of the
judges to extra eompr-nsation for these services. I consider
the heirs of Messrs. Sibley and WithereIJ,and Judge VVilk-
1ns, m his own right, entitled to reasonable compensation
for these services.
I am, dear sir,respectfully yours, LEW: CASS.
Hon. W. A. Howard, House of Representatives.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the friends of the bill
if it be shown how many cases those judges de-
cided, what was the amount of duty performed,
and how long they were about it; and what is the
increase of salary that is asked?
Mr. CHANDLER. General Cass says in that
letter, they were thirty years performing it. They
were required to plot out the city of Detroit, dis-
pose of the land, examine titles, &c all extra-
judicial—and it was a vast labor. They were made
a land board, outside of their duties as judge
Mr. MALLORY. 1 should like to hear the
bill for their relief read before I vote on it.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I would prefer that the bill
should be put in such a shape that we should
know precisely what we pay. I have no inform-
ation as to what was paid to the predecessors of
these parties.
Mr. CHANDLER. Five hundred dollars a
year to each judge during his service. I do not
know how long they were judges.
Mr. MALLORY. I have listened to the ex-
planation of the Senator from Louisiana, and I
really could not see that, anything he has said
would justify me in voting against the bill, though
I listened to him with great attention. If I am
right, these judges performed precisely the duties
which were devolved upon almost any territorial
judge as a commissioner in the adjudication of
land cases.. It was so in my own State while we
were in a territorial condition. Our judges-all
received this extra salary; and, if I mistake not,
they were also allowed clerk hire. As the Sen-
ator from Louisiana correctly says, the Govern-
ment has a right to devolve duties upon judges;
and that right is exercised very frequently in the
enlargement of their districts, and in the increase
of their judicial powers; and their right of com-
pensation is recognized in the frequent increase
of their salaries, based entirely on their increased
duties, and the increased expense of traveling and
of living generally. I do not see with what pro-
priety you can distinguish between these parties.
If there is any right to do so, I should like to
hear it. That the Government had a right, I will
not question, to call on these parties to adjudicate
these land cases, either as commissioners or judges;
that they might have refused to do it as commis-
sioners, unless payment accompanied the requisi-
tion of the duties, may be also admitted as a fact;
but if it be so that they did perform duties, and
that these are the only exceptions, unless I can
see a reason why they should be excepted from
the ordinary legislation of the country, and why
they should be made an exception to the judges in
my own State, an exception also to the judges in
the same State who performed the same duties, I
do not see why they should not be allowed this
compensation.
The argument of the Senator from Louisiana,
that this might operate with the judges to incline
them in their adjudications toward the party from
whom they receive their salary—toward the Gov-
ernment—certainly cannot have any weight. No
man who would be appointed by this Government
to execute the duties of a judge would ever take
that into consideration. Five hundred dollars a
year to adjudicate on land claims as a bribe to
his judgment! I could not let that idea influence
me a moment; I look alone to the fact that these
parties have performed the service; that it has
been the uniform practice of the Government to
pay for it; and we should not refuse payment at
this day because it was omitted in the passage
of the bill devolving the duties on them. Under
these circumstances, I shall feel constrained to
vote for the bill, unless some further reason shall
be given against it than has already been given.
Mr. POWELL. The reasons for the adverse
report in this case are very fully and yet briefly
stated in the report itself, which has been read;
and after what has been said by the Senator from
Louisiana and the Senator from Ohio, I think it
unnecessary to say anything on the subject, ex-
cept to make a very brief explanation. The
Committee on the Judiciary had before them the
repoits heretofore made by committees of the
Senate, touching the claim of the judges of the
Territory of Michigan to extra compensation for
services in land eases. There is, as has been
stated by the Senator from Michigan, appended
to one of those reports a list of some twenty cases
in which additional salaries have been allowed to
judges and others for the performance of addi-
tional duties; but, as has been remarked by the
Senator from Louisiana, upon reference to all
those cases, I believe, without a single exception,
it will be found that when the additional duty was
imposed, the additional salary was allowed by the
same act, and I think there are no instances in
which that was not the case other than perhaps
the cases of three of the judges of this court of I
Michigan—Mr. Woodbridge, Mr. Chipman, and
Mr. Morell. The committee had the matter under I
consideration; we looked into all these cases. We
found that the cases from Michigan were an ex-
ception to the rule, and we were unanimously of
the opinion that that exception was wrong, and
that in no case should a judge be dependent on a
coordinate department of the Government for an
increase of his pay for a particular service; and
hence we unanimously reported against the bill,
as was stated in the opening of the debate by the
Senator from Ohio.
If Senators will examine the list of cases ap-
pended to the report that was read at the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Michigan, I think they
will find that the increased salary was indicated
in the act assigning additional duty. There is a
very great difference between increasing the sal-
ary when an additional duty is imposed, and in-'
creasing a judge's salary for the performance of
services that have already been rendered. If the
policy proposed by this bill shall be inaugurated
and become the fixed policy of this country, every
judge who has additional duties imposed upon him
by statute (and I suppose there is not a United
States judge in any TerritoryorStateoftheUnion
that has not annually imposed upon him some ad-
ditional duty) will be calling for the same thing.
Frequently by statute, a judge's duties are less-
ened; generally they are enlarged. It certainly
would be a very sad calamity and would stfikc at
the independence of the judges, were they to come
here as petitioners and beggars to the legislative
department asking increased pay for services they
have rendered. It was on that principle that the
committee made this adverse report.
I would state, in addition, that there was no proof
before the committee that ■fliese parties rendered
this service; but, however, we waived that and
chose to rest it upon the principle. I suppose they
did render the service. The Senator from Mich-
igan informed me that they had done so. 1 told
him that there was no proof of it; but the com-
mittee chose to rest it upon principle, and having
been the organ of the committee in making the
report, I thought it proper to make this very brief
statement.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not propose to de-
bate this question. I submit it to the justice of
the Senate. Here is a case, the last of a class.
It is admitted that the judges of all the territorial
courts that have been organized, who have ner-
formed similar duties, have received this identical
salary. Now, I submit to the justice of the Sen-
ate, whether these men who have honestly per-
formed duties which are shown to be laborious,
shall not receive the same compensation that hae
been paid to every other judge, and there I rest
the case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. PUGH. I conceive that this is a question
vital to the independence of the judiciary, and I
ask for a recorded vote of the Senate upon it. I
believe it has no precedent, except the case of the
other judges of Michigan, and if adopted, it will
become a precedent for a vast number of claims.
There is no district judge of the United States,
or judge of any'Territory, who cannot show that
by some act you have increased the amount of his
judicial duties. We passed an act but half an
hour ago, to allow certain claimants to bring an
action in the district court of the United States
for the State of Michigan to settle the title to a
large tract of land. Are you to have that judge
herein the course of five or six years claiming that
that was an extra-judicial duty? When Congress
imposes a duty on the judges, it knows what their
present duties are; it'knows what their present
compensation is; it knows what the duties to be
performed are; and therefore it decides the ques-
tion at that time.
If, as the Senator from Louisiana truly said, the
judge does not choose to perform the duties, let
him resign. In fact, Congress cannot compel any
judge to discharge an extra-judicial duty. The
question whether it is extra-judicial, is decided
at the time, upon the circumstances. I do not
know, in the case of these two other judges of
Michigan, who applied long ago, at some short
period after the rendition of the service, what par-
ticular circumstance weighed upon the mind of
Congress in making that allowance; but, as the
Senator from Kentucky said, that is the exception.
It is a mistake to say that that is the general rule.
