2268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Commanders: Every commander on duty at sea, for the
first five years after tlie date of his commission, $2,825;
for the sccond five years after the date of his commission,
$3,K>0. .Every commander on other duty, for the first live
years after the date of his commission, $2,662; for the
sccond five years after the date of his commission, $2,825 ;
all otiier commanders, $2,250 5 lieutenants commanding at
sea, $2,550.
Lieutenants: Every lieutenant on duty at sea, $1,500;
after he shall have seen seven years' sea-seivice m the
Navy, $1,7U0; atter he shall have seen nine years' sea-
service, §1,900 1 after he shah have seen elcvenyears' sea-
service, §2,100; after he shall have seen thirteen years'
sea-service, $2,250. Every lieutenant on otiier duty shall
receive $1,500; after he shall have seen seven years' sea-
service in the Navy,§1,600; after he shall have seen nine
years' sea-service, $1,700; after he shall have seen eleven
years' sea-service, $1,800; after he shall have seen thir-
teen years' sea-service, {§1.^75. Eveiy lieutenant 011 leave
or waiting orders, $1,200 ; after he shall have seen seven
yeais5 sea-service in the Navy,$1,206 ; after heshall have
seen nine years' sea-service, $! ; after ho shall have
seen eleven years' sea-service, $1,400; after he shall have
seen thirteen years' sea-service, $1,450.
Chaplains: Chaplains shall be paid as lieutenants. Every
chaplain shall be permitted to conduct public worship ac-
cording to the manner and forms of the church of which
he may be a member. Every chaplain lelamed in the ser-
vice shall be required to repoit annually, to the Secietary
of the Navy, the official services pertormed by him.
Masters : Every master in the line of promotion, when
on duty as such at sea, $1,200; when on other duty, $1,100;
when on leave or waiting orders, $825.
Passed Midshipmen: Every passed midshipman, when
on duty as such at sea, $1,000; when 011 other dutj, $800;
when on leave or waiting order®, $650.
Midshipmen : Every midshipman at sea, $550; u hen on
oilier duty, $500; when on leave of absence or waiting
ordeis, $450.
Surgeons: Every surgeon on duty at sea, for the first
five jeais after the date of his commission as suigeon,
$2,200; for the second five years atter the date of his com-
mission as surgeon, $2,400; tor the thud five yearn after
the date of his commission as suigeon, $2,600; for the fourth
five >eais after the date of his commission as suigeon,
$2,800; lor twenty years and upwards after the date ot his
commission as surgeon, $y,000. Fleet surgeons, .$3,300.
Every surgeon on other duty, lor the first live years after
the date of his commission as surgeon, $2,000; tor the sec-
ond five years aftei the date of his commission as smgron,
$2,200; (or the third five years after the date of his com-
mission as surgeon, $2,400; toi the fourth five years atter
the date ot his commission as surgeon, $2,h00 ; tor twenty
years after the date of his commission as surgeon, $2,800.
Every surgeon on leave, or waiting oideis, lor the fiisl live
yeais atter the date of his commission as surgeon, $1,600;
loi the second five years alter the date of his commission
as surgeon, $1,800; for the third five years after the date
of his commission as surgeon, $1,900; for the tourth five
years alter the date of his commission as surgeon, $2,100 ;
tor twenty years and upwards ai'tcr the date of hia commis-
sion as suigeon, $2,300.
Passed Assistant Surgeons: Every passed assistant sui-
geon on duly at sea, $1,500; when on oilier duty, $1,400;
when on leave or waning ordoi>, $1,100.
Assistant Surgeons : Eveiy assistant surgeon on duty at
sea, $1,250; when on other "duty, $1,050 ; when 011 leave
or waiting orders, $800.
Pursers: Every purser on duty af sea, for Jiie fitvt five
yeais alter the dale ol his commission, $2,000; for (he >>eo-
ond five } eats alter the dale ol liiseomni!-^ion,$-MU0 ; lnr
the thud /i\ e j ear.- alter the date of hi - eommis-ion,',v3,600 ;
lor liie Jotirili live years atter the date ol his commission,
$2,900; lor twenty years and npwaid- altei the date ol his
commission, $3,100. Eveiy purser on oihei duty, toi ihc
first live year< alter the date of his eomnn^ion, $1,^0; loi
the second five years alter the date ot his commission,
$2,100; lor the third five years alter the date ol his com-
mission, $2,400 ; for the fourth five yours after the date of
his commission, $2,600; for twenty ^ ear-* and upward* aftei
the date of his commission, $2,800. Every pui^ei on leave
01 wailing orders, for the first live years atter the dale of
his commission, $1,400 ; lor the second five yeais altei the
dale ol his commission, $1,600; lor the third inejean
after the date ot his commission, $1/00; for the fourth In e
years after tho date of his commission, $2,000; for twenty
yeais and upwaids after the date of his commission, $2,250.
Piofessors of Mathematics: Eveiy protessoi ot mathe-
matics, on duty, $1,800; when on leave or waiting oideis,
$<J60
Engineers: Every chief engineer on duty, for tho first
five years alter the date of his commission, $1,800; tor the
second live years alter the date of ins commission,^2,200;
for the third live years after the date ot Ins commission,
$2,450; after fifteen years after the dare of his commis-
sion, $2,600. Every chief engineer on leave or waiting
orders, lot the fiist live yeais attei the date of his commis-
sion, $1,200; for the second five years alter the date of Jus
commission, $1,300; for the third live years alter the date
of his commission,# 1,4U(J; after fifteen \eais attei the date
of his. commission, $J,5U0. Every first assistant engineer
on durv,$1,250; while on leave or watting oideis, $1)00.
Every second assistant engineer on duty, $1,000; while on
leave 01 wasting ordeis, $750. Every thud as-istant en-
gineer on duty, $750; while on leave or waiting orders,
$600. v
Warranted Officers: Every boatswain, gunner, caipen-
ter, and s «ul-maker, 011 duty at sea, for the first thiee years'
sea-service after the date of his warrant, $1,000; lor the
second tinec years' sea-service after the date ot his uai-
iant,$l ,150 ; tor the third three vears' sea-service a1 tor the
date ot his warrant, $1,250 ; for the touuh three years' sea-
service atter the date of his wan ant, $1,359 ; for twelve
yc«us>J sea-service and upwards, $1,45U;' when on other
duty, for the tiist three years of sea-seivicc alter the date of
wanunt, $:800 ; lor ihe second three yeais' sca-sciviet af-
ter the date of ins warrant, $900 5 for the third three years'
sea-service after the date of his warrant, $1,000; for the
fourth three years' sca-service after the date of his war-
rant, $1,100;" for twelve years'sea-service and upwards,
$1,200; when on leave or waiting orders, for the first three
years' sea-semce after the date of his warrant, $600; for
the second three years'sea-service after the date ofhis war-
rant, $700; for the third three years' sca-service after the
date of his warrant, $800; for the fourth three years' sea-
service after the date of his warrant, $900; for twelve
years5 sea-service and upwards, $1,000.
Stc. 2. Jind be it further cnacted, That nothing in this
act contained shall be so construed as to inciease or mod-
ify the present pay of chiefs of bureaus in the Navy De-
partment, with whom shall be classed the present superin-
tendent of the Naval Observatory: Provided, That the of-
ficer now charged with experiments in gunnery at the navy-
yard, Washington, shall receive the sea-service pay of the
grade now next above him.
Sfc. 3. Jind he it further enacted, That hereafter no ser-
vice shall be regarded as sea-service but such as shall be
performed at sea under the orders of a Department, and in
vessels employed by authority of law.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act contained shall be held to modify or affect the existing
power of the Secretary of the Navy to furlough officers, or
to affect the furlough pay.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That the increased pay
hereinbefore provided for masteis shall attach to masters
not 111 the line of promotion, whether on the active or le-
served list; and officers on the reserved list, when called
into active service, shall leccive the pay of their respective
grades as herein provided during the term of such service:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to change or modity the present pay of officers on
the lescrved list, either on leave or furlough.
Mr. MALLORY. I can state the amendments
if it is desired by the Senate, without having the
bill read. It is not desirable, I suppose, to have
the whole hill read. The amendments are very
few and very immaterial. The committee have
duly considered them, and if any Senator desires
an explanation, I will give it with great pleasure.
By acting on the amendments now, we can get rid
of the whole bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate that the Senator from Florida shall
explain the whole amendments, without the bill
being read through ?
Mr. HALE. "Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. Do you desire to hear the
amendments 5
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senate ought
to know what tho change is before we pass upon
it. Others may understand it, but I do not.
Mr. MALLORY. I will explain in a few
words. The Senate made an error in the calcula-
tion of the pay of surgeons, and that error has
been properly corrected by the House. In calcu-
lating the amount which it was intended to give
the suigeoiis, the calculations were not fairly ear-
ned out. In the pay of engineers the House lias
adopted an arbitrary rule, 1 imagine; or no rule at
all. They struck out $100 in some places, and
inserted ^100 tn others. The pay is about the same
in the aggregate; but by what rule they have reg-
ulated this pay I do not know. They will not
materially increase the pay of the corps. There
was a limitation in leganl to professors of mathe-
matics, that vacancies should not be idled. The
House has stricken that out, and have increased
the pay of Mr. Maury $500. It has extended the
pay of masters to somo eight or ten old masters,
old seamen, not in the line of promotion. It is a
small pay which the House of Representatives
thought but just to their past services. Those are
all the amendments. They arc considered imma-
| ton a! by the committee, and we unanimously con-
i ciined 111 fhem.
| The VICEPRESIDENT. The question, then,
j is on concurring in the amendments of the House
1 of Representatives.
| Mr. FE3SENDEN. The yeas and nays were
i not called upon the bill when it passed before by
I accident. I desire to call them 011 the question of
| concurrence; becausc the bill,as it now stands, is
j substantially the same. I desire to record my vote
; against the principle on which it is framed en-
I tirely; and I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
j Air. MALLORY. We can take the yeas and
| nays on concurring in the amendments,
j Mr. FESSENDEN. The House struck out
| the whole of the bill, and inserted, as an amend-
j mcnt, the original Senate bill in substance; so that,
! taking it on the w'hole, it is a new bill.
: The VICE PRESIDENT The amendment
[ of the House of Representatives is to strike out
; all after the enacting clause, and insert an amend-
ment, which is the Senate bill, with the amend-
ments explained by the Senator from Florida.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tl\e Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HALE, when his name was called, said:
As lwas on the committee that reported this bill,
I ask the indulgence of the Senate to say, in a sin-
gle word, that while there are some clauses in the
bill which I very much disapprove, still, as it does
justice to a large and meritorious class, I will vote
yea.
The result was then announced—yeas 42, nays
6; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthonv, Benjamin, Bragg, Bright,
Brown, Chcsnut, Clark, Clingman, Collamer, Crittenden,
Davis, Dixon, Doohttle. Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Green,
Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Hammond, Hemphill, Iverson, Ken-
nedy, Lane, Latham, Mallon, Mason. Nicholson, Pcarcc,
I'olk, .Powell, Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Shdell, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Thomson, Wig'all, WiLon, and Yulee—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham,Fe^senden, Ilamlin, Johnson
of Tennessee, Trumbull, and Wade—6.
So the amendment of the House was concurred in.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will now
call up the special order of the day.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask, by general consent, to
take up the WestPomtappropriation bill. I want
to ask a conference upon it. It has been returned
from the House of Representatives with amend-
ments.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments, and non-concur in the amend-
ments of the House, and ask for a committee of
conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the message
from the House be read?
Mr. HUNTER. It is hardly worth while to
read it, I presume.
The VICE PR.ESIDENT. If there be no objec-
tion, it will not be read.
Mr. LANE. I did not hear the motion that
was made by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. Merely to ask for a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. LANE. I had it in my mind to propose,
if it is in order, that the Senate concur in the
amendment of the House, fixing the term of
study at West Point at four years.
Mr. DAVIS. You cannot do that in a minute.
Mr. HUNTER. If we undertake to settle this
bill m the Senate, we shall have to settle all in the
Senate; and, of course, the bill will go over. If
Congress wishes to adjourn early, the plan is to
settle these things in conference, and upon their
report any Senatorcan then act upon them accord-
ing to his notion of what is right; but if wc un-
dertake to settle one in the Senate, wc shall have
to go through with the whole of them here.
Mr. LANE. I am satisfied myself that the
House amendment upon that subject is right, and
ought to be concurrred in by the Senate. The
term should be fixed by law. There should be
no more changing about. It ought to be fixed
at four years, as the House has fixed it. If the
Senate would concur in that amendment, then the
bill could go into the hands of the committees of
conference of the two Houses.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator insists, the bill .
must lie over; for I will not be in the way of the
gentleman who has the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Oregon can-
not get his proposition through by a mere motion
of that sort.
Mr. LANE. Well, we could hare a vote on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from,
Virginia moves that the Senate insist upon its*
amendments, and non-concur in those of the
House to the Military Academy bill, and ask a
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses. If objection be made, the bill
must lie over.
Mr. LANE. I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
will put the question on the motion of the Sena-
tor from Virginia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move that the committee
be appointed by the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What number does
the Senator propose ?
Mr. HUNTER. Three is the usual number.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from
Virginia moves that ;i committee of conference, to
consist of three members, be appointed by the
Chair.
