304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3.
have been published within the last month in the
papers.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall bo obliged to the
honorable gentleman if he will produce the mes-
sage, and point out the paragraph in it in which
Mr. Polk denies the power of Congress to legis-
late upon the subject of slavery in the Territories.
Mr. PUGH. The first sentence says it. I will
get the Senator the message.
Ml*. DOOLITTLE. Get it if you please. The
special message which he sent to Congress at the
subsequent session, after approving of the Ore-
gon bill, stated, as I understand it, the grounds on
which he would have vetoed the Oregon bill if
that Territory had extended below 360 30'—not
upon the ground of constitutional power, butupon
expediency. If, however, Mr. Polk has written
a message declaring that the bill was unconstitu-
tional, and has affixed his signature to a bill which
he considered unconstitutional, that does notalter
the fact which I stated, that every Administration
has asserted, and lias exercised upon its official
oath and responsibility, the power of legislating
on the subject of slavery in the Territories of the
United States, from Washington down to the close
of Mr. Polk's administration.
Now, let us for a single moment look at the
question, aside from the effects of precedent and
judicial construction, and see where we stand.
What is the language of the Constitution ?
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the temtory or
other property belonging to the United States."
It has sometimes been said that the power which
Congress exercises is a power over the territory
as property merely. Suppose we take that posi-
tion, that Congress controls it as mere property:
what then may Congress do? What may the
owner of property do ? He may sell it, or refuse
to sell it; he may lease it, or refuse to lease it; he
may sell it to a white man, to an Indian, to a ne-
gro, or he may refuse to sell it to either; he can
lease it to one, or refuse to lease it to another.
He can say that the foot of a slave shall never
tread upon it. If you concede that Congress can
control it an property, you concede the whole
ground of power; for Congress would then have
power to keep off every Chinaman, every negro,
every alien* and could keep off even our own cit-
izens: and Congress docs exercise the power of
keeping even our own citizens off certain portions
of the public domain. You say that Congress is
to treat it as mere property. "^Vell, what do the
facts show ? Look at Missouri, at Iowa, at Wis-
consin. The public lands of Wisconsin have)
sold, on an average, for almost a dollar an aero:
and why? Because it was not cursed with the
presence of a negro .servile, population, and was
peopled bv freemen, and by them alone. How
was it with Missouri? So long as it was under-
stood and generally believed that Missouri was fo
be a slave State, and to remain a slate State, that
population sought its home with reluctance m
Missouri; but what has been the eftect on your
public lands in that State of the presence of slave
labor? Thcv scarccly averaged twenty-five cents
an aerc—land just as good as it is in Wisconsin,
just as good as it is in Iowa. Why? Because
slavery existed in Missouri. So, if we are to come
down to the mere mercenary consideration of dol-
lars and cents, when we discuss this as a question
of property, if Congress controls the Territory
as mere property, the question whether slavery
should go into Kansas or not, as a mere question
of property alone, would make $40,000,000 differ-
ence to the people of the United States.
But another believes in popuhir sovereignty.
So do I; but I will tell you the popular sover-
eignty that I believe in. The people of the Uni-
ted States and the States of the Union represented
here in Congress are the popular sovereigns in
the Territories of the United States. The people
who purchase the Territories, who pay for the
Territories, who, if necessary, light for the Ter-
ritories; tin- people who own'them,and expect to
settle m them, or send their children there; who
pay the expenses of the Legislatures, the judges,
ancl -the Governors of the Territories—tln-y aru
the people who arc rightfully sovereign in the
Territories of the United States, and not the first
band who happen to go there, whether from one
State or from another. It is the people and States
of the wholo United States represented in Con-
gress who are sovereign there until the Territo-
ries are grown up to sovereignty, and are fit to be
admitted into ihe sisterhood of States.
But, Mr. President, to return once more to this
Dred Scott decision. I shall always speak re-
spectfully of the final decision of any court, so far
as the particular case is concerned, for the parties
to it are compelled to acquiesce in the decision of
the case where the court have jurisdiction; but as
to the political opinions expressed by some of ihe
judges in making that decision, I feel compelled
to say frankly, they do not command my respect.
This may be, perhaps, the first time when the
precise question has arisen before the Supreme
Court of the United States as to the power of
Congress to legislate on the subject of slavery in
the Territories, but it is by no means the first
time the question has arisen before that court as
to the general power, nor the source of the con-
stitutional power, of Congress over the Territo-
ries. That question has been presented to the
court in four or five different cases, running
through a period of almost fifty years. The first
of these cases, that of Sere vs. Pilot, arose in
1810, and is reported in 6 Cranch, 336. The
Supreme Court of the United States, without any
dissenting opinion, and in the most explicit lan-
guage, then declared:
u The power of governing and legislating for a Territory
isi the inevitable consequence of the right to acqune and
hold territory. Could tins position be contested, the Con-
stitution declares that, 1 Congress shall have power to dis-
pose of and make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the tcintory or other property belonging to the United
States;' accoidmgly, we find Congiess po-<sev*ing and •r.xer-
the absolute and undisputed powci of governing and
legislating foi the Tcrutory of Oilcans."'
Sir, can any court, in stating the power which
Congress exercises over the Territories of the
United States, use any broader language than this,
when it declares that Congress possesses and ex-
ercises the absolute and undisputed right of gov-
erning and legislating for a Territory?
Again, m 1828—eighteen years afterwards—
Canter's case, which is reported in 1 Peters, 511,
came before the Supreme Court, and then the
Court declared:
iC Tn the moan time. Florida continues to be a Tcrutory of
the United States, governed by that clause of the Constitu-
tion which empowers Congress k to make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory or other piopertv
belonging to the United States." Peihaps the power of
governing a Teintory belonging to the United States, which !
has not, by becoming a State, acquired the moans of self-
government. may result necessauly fiomthefacts that it is
not within the jurisdiction of any particular State, and is
within the power and jurisdiction ot the United States.
The right to govern may be the inevitable consequence of
the right to aequtie territory. Wluchevci maybe the source
whence the power may be derived, the possession of it is
unquestioned."
That was the language of the Supreme Court,
! with no dissenting voice. It was not the opinion
i of a bare majoritv, where the whole world known
I that the court is divided according to its political
I opinions upon a question presented before if, but
j the unanimous opinion of the whole court declar-
i ing the power which Congress possesses and ex-
1 ereises over the Territories of the Union. Again,
in the case of McCulloch, vs. Maryland, (4
Wheaton, 316;) and again, in 1840, in the case
of the United States vs. Gratiot, (16 Peters, 537,)
the court, in delivering its opinion without a dis-
senting voice, referred to this clause of the Con-
stitution as the true and undoubted source of the
power over the Territories. And what is a re-
markable fact, which the country ought to know
and well understand, in the judicial history of this
j Government, is, that as late as the December term,
j 1853, a verv few months before the introduction,
j of your Nebraska bill and the proposition to re-
| peal the Missouri compromise, the Supreme Court
j of the United States, m an opinion delivered by
! Judjje Wayne, with rhe unanimous approbation
i of the couit, consisting of the same judges that
i pronounced the Dred Scott opinion, speaking of
I the Territory of California, said:
| The Territory had been ceded a-; a conquest, and wa«
i to be picserved and governed as Mich until the soveieignty
i to which it had passed had legislated for it.+ That sover- j
| eigntvwa3 the United States, undei the Constitution, by j
i which power had been given to Congiess £to dispose of1
I and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the 1
I temtory or othei property belonging to the United States.' *'
: —-Cros vs. Harrisons, 16 Houard, 103.
Here wo have the unanimous opinion of the
Supreme Court on cases arising at five different
periods in its history, beginning m 1810 and com-
ing down to 1853, when the judges, by no divided
opinions based upon political opinions or other-
wise, did as our fathers did, as Washington, Jef-
ferson, Madison, Monroe, and Jackson did, as-
serted and declared the right of Congress to exercise
the undisputed power of legislating for the Terri-
toriesoftheUnited States. Butupon whatgrounds
do they avoid the effect of these decisions already
made by the court? They take the ground, among
other things, that that clause of the Constitution
of the United States does not refer to any terri-
tory which has been acquired since the Constitu-
tion was formed; that it only referred to the ter-
ritory then belonging to the United States. That
is one of the grounds on which they place it; and
yet, the case coming up from Florida was in re-
lation to territory acquired afterwards; the case
coming up from Orleans was m relation to terri-
tory acquired m 1803; and the last, in relation to
California, acquired by the Mexican war or treaty
of peace—all of it territory acquired since the Con-
stitution took effect. Do not the Supreme Court
plant themselves upon a very narrow ground tc 
avoid the effect of the former decisions of that
court? Mr. President, when I am told by gentle-
men that I must respect the decision of the Su-
preme Court, that my judgment must how before
that opinion, I ask you which opinion ? The opin-
ion delivered by a divided court, in the midst of
political excitement, when this very question was
the question of all other questions, the battle
ground of political warfare, when it is understood
that that decision was made in accordance wita
their preconceived political opinions and party as-
sociations? £>hall I bow my judgment before that
opinion, or shall I hold in revcrcncc the opinion
of that court pronounced unanimously by its
judges, through a period of near forty years, in
which they declare and maintain, again and again
and again, the unquestionable and unquestioned
power of Congress to legislate over the Territories
of the United States?
To the gentlemen upon the other side of tne
Chamber, I would say in all frankness, 1 do not
doubt your sincerity when you tell me that you
believe in that opinion. I do not doubt your in-
tegrity when you tell me that the South has changed
its ground on this question: but when I concede
to you that, you must concede the snme to me and
those who act with me on this side of the Cham-
ber. I believe what I now say, that every Ad-
ministration of the Government, from the begin-
ning to 1847, has officially asserted or exercised
this power. I believe that not only the supreme
court of every free State, but the supreme court
of every slave State in this Union, that ever gave
an opinion on the question, previous to 1847, has
always maintained that slavery rests upon local
law, and local law alone: that the Constitution
is not a general charter lo carry slavery all over
the Territories of the Union. No case, 1 believe,
previous to 1847, can be found when the supreme
court of any State, North or South, has taken
the ground that the Constitution of the United
States, of its own force, carries the law of sla-
very into the Territories of the Union. They,
and ali of them, whenever they have spoken at
all, have conccdcd to Congress the unquestioned
and unquestionable power to legislate for the Ter-
ritories of the Union, and also that rests only upon
local law. Now, gentlemen, when you tell us that
we must renounce our opinions, when you say to
us in substance that the life-long opinions which
we have ever advocated, which our fathers taught
us, which your fathers taught us also, we must
surrender; that we must bow down and worship
a political dogma which to-day declares that the
Constitution of the United States, of its own force,
carries slavery into every Territory which \vc
now have, or which we may ever hereafter ac-
quire, we tell gentlemen we cannot conscientiously
change our opinions; and because youaccompany
this with the declaration that, if we do not change
our opinions, but will maintain them audactupon
them, and elect a man who believes as we be-
lieve President of the United States, you will
break up this Confederacy, we tell you frankly,
gentlemen, that does not change our opinion either;
we arc not to have our opinion changed by any
such argument as that. It is an argument which,
instead of being addressed to our manhood, is
addressed to the want of it: and we give our friends
of the South to understand distinctly that, on this
question, our opinions aie unchanged, and this
last argument has only made them the more fixed
and determined.
