3212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
and while there, you, sir, were so polite as to in-
vite me and my family to visit the Rutland mar-
ble quarry. 1 will say here that, if you want
columns therfength of this building, seven hun-
dred and fifty feet long, and four, or five, or six
feet through, it is no exaggeration to say you*an
get them there. You can get there columns the
length of this whole Capitol, of the finest marble
there is on the globe. 1 will state further the fact,
which I ascertained while I was there, that this
marble is of so fine a quality that it has been or-
dered from Rutland to Italy for purposes of sculp-
ture; but Vermont is so far off that I suppose gen-
tlemen looking for marbio for this Capitol do not
know it; and I deem it but just to say that they
can get columns fifty times as long as any that
they want here, of the finest marble on this globe,
in the town of Rutland, in the State of Vermont,
and at reasonable prices, too. Having said that,
1 leave that matter.
So far as the controversy in relation to Captain
Meigs is concerned, I think, under the circum-
stances, this provision is perfectly fair. If it has
got so that we cannot construct a building with-
out having an officer of the Army to do it—and
that seems to be the settled policy of the Govern-
ment—I think it is fair enough for the House to
say what officer it shall be; and that, i under-
stand, is all it has done. It is settled that we must
have an Army officer to do it; and the House say
we will give the money, if you will lot us indicate
who the officer shall be.
But, sir, I understood the Senator from New
York to say that this is the best legislative Hall
in the world. If it is, I pity the rest of the world.
I think it is the worst that ever I saw. I think it
is the worst ventilated, and the worst contrived;
and if Captain Meigs's fame rests on this Hall, I
think it is on a very poor foundation. It is hot
overhead and cold beneath, calculated to keep
your feet cold and your head hot; and it is the
opinion of a distinguished Senator who was with
me upon a committee for remodeling it, that it is
a great chance whether any man who was sworn
in for six years on the 4th of March last will be
alive at the end of his term, if we sit in it so long
as we have done this session. Having said that,
1 leav<  the subject.
Mr, KENNEDY. I do not mean to go into any
discussion of these disagreeing votes, but simply
to state that I object to this report of the commit-
tee of conference more in reference to the marble
columns than anything else. It has been said
here that the American marble to which the Sen-
ator from Missouri alluded is not fit to be put into
those columns. I have had an opportunity of ob-
serving, for a good many years past, the quality
of the American marble; and I will only say to
Senators now, that if they will go to the front of
the Capitol, in the yaid they will see one of those
monolithic shafts—a fair specimen of the whole
quarry. I have seen the Italian marble and the
Maryland marble in columns side by side in the
city of Baltimore. There is so much organic mat-
ter in the Italian marble that columns which 1
have known there for the last ten or fifteen years
are very greatly discolored. If Senators have any
doubt as to the quality of this American marble,
I beg simply to refer them to the Washington
monument in the city of Baltimore. The whole
upper part of that shaft, and the statue itself, are
made of marble from this identical quarry. There
is also in the city of Baltimore a very large por-
tico, made with monolithic shafts from it, which
have been standing now exposed to the weather
for thiuy-six or thirty-seven years, in one of the
mostconsoicuous and prominent parts of the city,
without the slightest discoloration of any sort
whatever upon it.
I say, therefore, from my own observation of
this American marble, that within sixty miles of
the capital we can get from this quarry marble
that, I feel perfectly assured, will stand exposure
to the weather infinitely better than marble that
can be brought from Carrara; and it is, I should
suppose, a matter of some pride and interest with
the American people to have this Capitol, if it can
be done, built entirely of materials of our own
country. When these shafts can be brought here
with so little inconvenience, and within the time
specified by the contractor, I should greatly pre-
fer it; and therefore I disagree to the report of
the conference committee more upon this ground
than anything else.
Mr. MALLORY. Feeling constrained to vote
against the report of the committee of conference
which is before the Senate, I shall occupy but an
instant in explaining the reason for this vote of
mine. I am not influenced at all by what has
fallen from the Senator from California as to the
course of the Executive, or from the Senator from
Maine as to the coursc of the House of Represent-
atives—I do not think it proper to be influenced by
anything that may occur in cither—but solely and
exclusively upon the ground, that if the House
think proper to accompany an appropriation for
the Government by a condition that a particular
officer must be employed to carry it out in this
Instance, I see no reason why they may not ac-
company an appropriation by a similar provision
in every other case. It is setting a very bad prece-
dent; and concurring, as I fully do, in everything
that has been said in compliment and justice, too,
to Captain Meigs,of whom I entertain a very high
opinion, I cannot concur in this report. I, for
one, would rather sec the appropriation bill fail,
and it may fail anyhow, but I would prefer that
it should fail without my vote, than c^dopt the
precedent which I think this sets.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say a word
or two on this subject, without c-nteringat all into
those topics which have been matters of contro-
versy here. One difficulty seems to be that the
House of Representatives, by this legislation,
have attempted to usurp from the President of the
United States the light of appointing the person
who is to executc this woik. I think gentlemen
who take that view of the subject are not correct.
The Constitution docs provide that the President
shall nominate all officers of this Government
whose appointment is not otherwise provided for;
but is this person so to be appointed, and whohas
been nominated in this bill—if you may so call
it—appointed to a place which, in the sense of the
Constitution, is to be considered as necessarily
an office ? Do Governments employ nobody but
those who, in the legal sense of the term, are
called officers? Are there no agents of Govern-
ment, as well as officers of Government? and is
it possible that the President of the United States
has the sole power of appointing, not only all
officers, but all agencies of this Government? that
he has not only aright to appoint all foreign min-
isters, generals, and officers of that high grade,
hut that Congress cannot appoint an agent them-
selves to do anything, butthatthe President must
appoint every one who exercises any sort of
agency for the Guvrrnnu nt of the United States ?
I feci, sir, that it is not cxactly easy to pre-
scribe a very sensible line of discrimination be-
tween those who are properly to be termed public
officers in the sense of the Constitution, and those
who are not of that character; but I think there is
not one who will deny that there are both classes.
Is a man employed to build a house a public of-
ficer? What is there that constitutes him so? No
law declares him n public officer. Docs any law
declare that the superintendent of the construction
of this aqueduct shall be a public officer? None.
What makes it a public office? Is it the nature
of the employment that makes it a public office?
Does it arise from the necessity of the case, ex vi
termini from the fact of his having to do some-
thing in which the public is interested? and how
much must the public be interested, and to what
extent? What degree of discretion docs ltrequire
reposed m the individual to justify his being re-
garded as a public officer or as a mere agent?
There is nothing in the nature of the employ-
ment to constitute him an officer. Otherwise a
man whom I employ, or whom you employ, sir,
to build a house, becomes an officer. Does it rest
merely in the nature of the employment ? No law
has declared it an office. The nature of the ser-
vice does not necessarily constitute it an office.
It is no office in the sense of the Constitution.
The President has no legal right, in virtue of his
constitutional power, to the appointment of such
agents and of such employes. Congress has a
perfect right, and has executed that right a thou-
sand times, to designate who shall perform a cer-
tain service or execute a certain job; and I trust
Congress will not relinquish that power. Where
Congress give money to exocutoa particular local
work of a scientific character, they may well give
it, if they please, without the assumption of any
power that does not belong to them, to be carried
into effect by one of whose capacity they have
knowledge, and in whom they have confidence.
They have done so here. I am willing to vote
$500,000 for this work, if I am sure that it will
be expended by a skillful and an honest man;
but I am not willing that it shall go into any
untried, any inexperienced hands.
Have we not this power? The powers of Con-
gress have been very nicely, and not very wisely,
limited, Ithink, if that be the case. No, sir; I
would say that we have a rightly exactly to say
who shall spend this money. Gentlemen say it
is subject to certaincontingencies,andmaydcfcat
the work. Be it so; but who is responsible for it?
We, the people's representatives arc; and there
is an end to that argument.
But, Mr. President, my friend from New Hamp-
shire thinks tins is a very bad room. Well, I
must declare that it is the very best public room
I was ever in m my life. I do not know that I
have ever enjoyed more comfort in any room that
I have ever had the honor of having a seat in, than
1 have in this. I have felt sometimes a little too
warm, and I will acknowledge that again I have
felt a little tdo cold; but that is the very nature of
the climate. If my friend wants to guard against
all these discomforts, he must set to work to have
the seasons a little better arranged. I know of
no other effectual and complete remedy save that;
and if he had the regulation of the elements him-
self, I doubt very much whether he would be able
to exercise itso skillfully as to keep himself more
comfortable, with all this power of regulation,
than he has found himself here. The gentleman's
discomfort results from a want of air. Look, sir,
to the north; look to the cast; lortk to the west;
look to the south: have you not great openings
and avenues everywhere for the air to pour in
upon you here? What more can you have? Sir,
I am afraid wcare getting a little spoiled here. We
have so much of comfort and so much of grandeur
and majesty surrounding us, that it has made us
luxurious and quite voluptuous m our tastes and
in our feelings. We want to be rid of all the evils
that flesh is heir to. I wish the gentleman, by
any plan he could give us for the construction of
any edificc in this world, could accomplish for
us what he thinks these workmen have been very
inefficient in not accomplishing; that is, ridding
us of every discomfort.
Sir, I see nothing to object to in all this. I rose,
however, principally for the purpose of calling
the attention of the Senate to what seems to me
to have been rather insinuated than otherwise,
and what appears to be a difficulty with some
gentlemen, as to the constitutional right of Con-
gress to enact such legislation as they have on
this occasion. I think there is no doubt about it;
and if there is not, I cannot see how the Presi-
dent can take exception to it. We must have, say
gentlemen, an officer of the Army. We have not
taken him, I think, because he was an officer of-
the Army. That was not his qualification. We
took him. because he was qualified for the work,
and would have been as well qualified if lie had
been out of the Army as in it. Let not gentlemen
seek occasion, then, to excite a little momentary
| jealousy or hostility ngainst the man because he
happens to belong to that branch of his country's
service. Mr. Meigs is deemed to be qualified for
this work. Iam not fitted to judge of his qualifica-
tions; but lie has succeeded'so far that I think it
is a sure and safe ground to proceed upon, and
continue him to complete the work which thus
far he has done so well. I am glad the House of
Representatives have taken the coursc they have,
not out of any feeling of disrespect for the Presi-
dent, because I disavow any such feeling as I do
any disposition whatever to encroach upon the
President's proper power; but I do not want, out
of too high-strained and overwrought delicacy
upon our part, in taking care of a Presidents
imaginary sensibilities, to be surrendering the ex-
ercise of our proper right and power as the legis-
lative branch of the Government. I will retain,
so far as depends on my vote, all our own power;
and, in the exercise of that, no one ought to take
offense. The President will not,-I am persuaded.
This is a work of our own; the money is our
own; we desire that the work shall be well accom-
plished,the money faithfully expended. I should
not be afraid to leave to the President the power
of selection; I would not delay this bill a moment
if the appointment had been conceded to him; but
! believing that we have the power ourselves to
