I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3213
name the agent in this bill, and to make him such
by law,T am for passing it withoutdelay. There
is no cause for delaying it, because the House
have clone what I think they have a right to do.
Sir, I have occupied longer time than 1 intended.
I shall not detain the Senate further.
Mr. SIMMONS. If I understand the report of
this committee, this money is to be laid oat un-
der the superintendence of the man who planned
the*work; and that is the whole of it. Now, I
should like to know how that is objectionable.
Mr. TOOMBS. The amendment originally
adopted by the Senate was to provide that the
money should " be expended according to the
plans'and estimates of Captain Meigs." The
amendment of the committee of conference is to
add to it,4'and under his superintendence." These
are th'e four words that have created all this dif-
ficulty.
Mr. SIMMONS. We adopted the plans of
Captain Meigs, or Superintendent Meigs, or what-
ever he may be called. The House of Repre-
sentatives insist that the money shall beexpended
under the superintendence of the man who made
the plans; and that is the whole interference with
the prerogatives of the crown, and the officers of
the crown! Well, sir, I am astonished.
The Senator from Kentucky well said that this
man is not an officer for this purpose. In the or-
dinary business of life, he would have to go fiom
a superintendent up through half a dozen grades
before he would be called an officer. We have in
New England manufacturing corporations. They
have presidents and secretaries and treasurers; and
then we have an agent, and the next one below
him is a superintendent, and then an overseer.
There are all sorts of grades before you get up to
official rank. This man is a superintendent.
When I manufactured, I used to have a superin-
tendent of my mill; but I did notconsider that he
had any power to dispose of my property, or to
act in any other way than as I directed. The
House of Representatives have chosen to appro-
priate this money to be expended under the su-
perintendence of the man who made the plans;
and here we have spent all day in discussing
whether that does not conflict with the dignity of
the President and his Cabinet. I cannot see the
"slightest infringement upon them. We put in an
amendment that the officer having charge of this
work should be of the grade of captain. I did
not care anything about that. If there was any
lieutenant or captain who was well calculated to
do this duty, I was perfectly satisfied; but 1 think
the provision is better as it now stands. We
adopted the plans of the man; and now the other
House say, " let him carry out the work."
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senate to pardon me
for a few minutes, while I answer some of the
grave objections which arc made to this report;
and I shall be very brief. In the first place, I will
say what some gentlemen seem not to understand,
that this report must be accepted as a totality. If
it is rejected, not only the report fails, but the bill
fails with it. The committee of conference have
actcd, and the House of Representatives have
agreed to their action, and it now remains solely
for the action of the Senate to become a law or be
lost. Upon the committee we deemed it our duty
to take into consideration nothing but the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses. We deemed
it our duty further, without reference to our in-
dividual opinions, to endeavor to support, by fair
argument, the action of the Senate in reference to
its amendments. Without reference to my indi-
vidual opinions, I supported the action of the Sen-
ate as the organ of the body, and even on votes
to which I was very much opposed. I deemed
that my duty, and it is laid down as the law of
Parliament. I should dislike very much to en-
large it to the extent some gentlemen seem to think
that we could have gone—to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and make a new bill. If we
had that power, 1 should have been for making a
very different bill.
But, sir, two clauses seem to have attracted a
greatdealof opposition,orratherone has attracted
opposition and the other has attracted a great deal
of argument and no opposition; because 1 have
not heard any one say he would vote against it
on that ground. The Senate put in a provision
for monolithic columns. I was opposed to it.
The House of Representativesaccepted theamend-
ment, but said the columns should be of Ameri-
can marble. The committee of the Senate thought
that point ought to be yielded to the House, to
get an appropriation which the Senate said they
wanted; and so we gave it up. The other point
is in reference to the water works. The Senate
deemed that appropriation important; the House
was very much opposed to it. The Senate de-
termined that the appropriation should be made
according to the plans of Captain Meigs, and that
the work should be under the superintendence
of an officer of a not less rank than captain of
engineers, who should be a person acquainted
with the design and construction of bridges and
aqueducts. It was avowed before the Senate
that the object of that amendment was to fit Cap-
tain Meigs. While we did not wish even to seem
to trench on the dignity of gentlemen at the other
end of the avenue by appointing to an office, we
went on to describe him as closely as we could,
without mentioning him by name. The House
were opposed to the appropriation,they said, im-
movably opposed to it, unless the money was
under the care of one who they thought would
expend it well. That would carry out the object
of the Senate; for the Senate wanted it done ac-
cording to Meigs's plans, and according to a de-
scription that suited him, for he was a captain of
engineers, acquainted with bridges and aque-
ducts, and he had been in charge of the work from
the beginning; he projected it, and it has been
carried on by him up to this point, nearly to its
termination, most successfully, and this appro-
priation finishes it. The House made it a sine,
qua nan to the appropriation that the man who
originated the plans, who had carried on the work
successfully for five years, should use this appro-
priation and finish the work. I thought that was
no great matter. 1 preferred it as it was before.
The only question then was, would this carry out
the views of the Senate, and not violate the Con-
stitution. I am clear on both points. Then, it
being exactly what the Senate wanted, I doonvd
it my duty to take it. What clause does it vio-
late? Is it appointing to office ? The amendment
neither makes an office nor fills an office. It cre-
ates none, because there is a superintendent of
this work now; and this officer of engineers is de-
tailed for that duty, for which he gets not a ccnt.
The place being assigned to him, and he occupy-
ing it, this provision will neither create an office
nor fill an office. But the House said, "wo will not
vote this money unless not only the plan of Cap-
tain Meigs be carricd out; unless not only it be
carried out by a captain of engineers acquainted
with aqueducts and bridges, but it must be by
Meigs." I felt satisfied, as the organ of this
body, that we achieved precisely what the Senate
wanted. It violated no Constitution, no law; did
the thing you wanted, and, therefore, I deemed
it my duty, whatever might have been my own
opinions, to accede to it; and I do not think there
is any place for offended dignity in it. If the
President wants Captain Meigs m Oregon, lethim
send him there. I hope, though, the President is
too wise a man to, in a huff, order an officer to
Oregon, where he is not wanted, and take him
away from a place where he is wanted. I am
happy to believe that we are in safer hands than
those gentlemen here who say they would do this,
because they are in a passion. There ought to be
wiser counsels in the Executive of the country;
but if the Executive wants this officer for any
other purpose, the House says, take him; take
him to Oregon, if you want him; take him to Har-
ney, if you want him; but we do not choose that
this money shall be expended, except under his
direction and according to his plans. I say, there-
fore, your committee has carried out fully, ex-
actly, and accurately, its duty to you. You may
abandon it if you choose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. POWELL. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to state, at the request of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Gh.ee>?,] that on this question he
has paired off with the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 31, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, J3i<rlor, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Clies>nut, Clark. CoIIamer, Crittenden, Dooliule,
Durkee,Fessenden,F]tzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Hale, Ham-
lin, Hemphill, Ivenson. Kennydy, King, Seward,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Evck, Thomson, TOombs, Trum-
bull,- Wade, and Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Fitch, Gvvin, Hammond, Johnson of
Arkansas Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Msilory, Nichol-
son, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, and Yulee—-13.
So the report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives^
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that t;he
Honse had passed a bill (No. 814) providing for
the erection of a post office in the city of Phila-
delphia; in whicfi the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
NAYAt APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced thattheHouse
had concurred in the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 500) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1861.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
The message further announced that the House
insisted upon its amendments to the bill of the
Senate (No. 104) for the final adjustment of pri-
vate land claims m the States ef Florida, Louis-
iana, Arkansas, and Missouri, and for other pur-
poses, disagreed to by the Senate; agreed to the
conference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the Houses thereon, and appointed Mr.
Thomas G. Davidson of Louisiana, Mr. Charles
B. Hoard of New York, and Mr. Samuel H.
Woodson* of Missouri, managers at the same on
the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 118) to confirm certain pri-
vate land claims in the State of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 189) for the relief of the heira
or legal representatives of the estate of Charles
H. Mason;
A bill (H. R. No. 195) to confirm certain pri-
vate land claims in the Territory of New Mex-
ico ;
A bill (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Eben
S. Hanscomb;
A bill (II. R. No. 240) for the relief of Cassiua
M. Clay;
A bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of Mrs
A. VV. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, of the United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Peay
& Ayliffe;
A bill (H. R. No. 513) for the relief of Hock-
adtiy & Liggit;
A bill (H. R. No. 543) for the relief of Mtuga-
ret Whitehead;
A bill (H. R. No. 804) providing for the pun-
ishment of marshals and deputy marshals of the
United States, or other ministerial officers, for
permitting the escape of prisoners in their cus-
tody; and
A bill (H. R. No. 715) to establish a mail six
times a week from Sacramento, in California, to
Olympia, in the Territory of V/ashington.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MALLORY, from the committee of Con-
ference on the disagreeing votesof the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 500) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861, to whom was recommitted the
report of the committee of conference thereon,
made the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 500) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1861, having met, have, afcei full and free confer-
ence, agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses, as follows?:
That the Senate do recede from in second and seventh
amendments.
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the fifth and eighth amendments of the
Senate.
That the Senate do concur in the amendment of the
llou-e of Representatives to the sixth amendment of the
Senate.
That the House of Rcpresentat ives do concur in the ninth,
tenth, eleventh, and twelfth amendments of the Senate,
with an amendment, as follows :
• Strike out the Senate's amendments, (numbers nine, ten,
eleven, and twnive,) and m lieu thereof insert:
•find be it further onacted, That the suns of $10,000 be,
