2270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Georgia, as a mass, with being iu favor of the re-
opening of the slave trade. I did not go as far as !
I had a right to go; I did not quote the opinion of
Governor Adams and others of these States; I did
not quote the resolutions reported in the Legisla-
ture of South Carolina*, I did not quote the opinions
uttered during the last six years by the Charleston
Mercury—opinions that I have before me. I did
not quote a vast mass of documents that would
enable me to stand here for the next forty hours
and bring the amplest proof that newspapers, pub-
lic men, and masses of men in those States, and
in the southwestern States, are in favor of repeal-
ing the present laws, and in favor of reopening
the slave trade. It was not my purpose to say
anything that any Senator could have a right
take exception to; but as exception has been made
to my remarks in regard to this judge, I have
simply to say here that I believe, in the cases of
the Echo and the Wanderer, lie has notfaithfully
""executed the laws of the country.
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President, as regards
the geneial sentiment 
Mr. DAVJS. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMMOND. Only one word.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the Senator from
South Caiolina, as this is evidently a question on
winch the more he says the more will be said,
and if he sny very little somebody else will say
more, that it he allowed to go over, in Older that
the Senator from Texas, who has already been
delayed more than half an hour, may go on with
his remarks.
Mr. HAMMOND. I wish to say hut a few
words, and I must say them In regard to the
opening of the slave trade in the South, I think
every one who reads the journals, as the Senator
says lie docs, must be convinced that, while a
few people there ate in favor of it, the great mass
of the people are opposed to it. In regard to the
imputation reiterated by the Senator on Judge
Magrath, I have only to say that he and some
others on that side of the Chamber are chartered
libertines in speech 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair decides
the Senator from South Carolina to be out of
order.
Mr. IVERSON. As the Senator from Texas
seems to be very anxious to proceed with his re-
marks, and as I desire to make some remarks in
vindication of my own State from what 1 con-
ceive to he charges that are slanderous, which
the Senator from Massachusetts has made 
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, the Senator from Georgia can pioceed.
Otherwise the Chair must call up the special
order.
Mr. IVERSON. I will postpone the mattci
until to-monow, and then make my lemarks.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the question before the
Senate r
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina rose to a privileged question. No
motion has been made. The hour has arrived
for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. DAYIS. I will send this resolution to he
read, and the Senator from Georgia can speak
on it:
Resolved, That the Committor on the Library h<* in-
structed to incline and report some method of seeming ;i
faithm! jepoit nt the debates of the Senate, and to pii'vent
iilteMtiofh-j and intoi positions that change Hie ( haueta unit
oflec-t of what i-> heio >-pok«-n.
I du not ask for the pre,sent consideration of the
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will he over.
The Chair calls up the special order. The Sen-
ator from Gemgia moves to postpone the special
order until to-morrow.
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir; to postpone the
present subject on which the Senator from South
Carolina lias spoken.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The subject will
lie over without postponement.
Mr. IVERSON. I shall call up the resolution
of the Senator from Mississippi to-morrow morn-
ing, and on that say what I desire to say.
RELATIONS OF THE STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Davis on the 1st of
March, rekiU\e to State rights; the institution of
slavei y ill the States; the rights of citizens of the
several Stan s in the Territories of the United
States, und the duty of the Federal Government
to protect those rights; the powers of the Terri-
torial Legislatures over the subject of slavery,
and the duty of the several States to observe and
respect the fugitive slave law.
Mr. W1GFALL. Mr. President, when I was
interrupted yesterday by a motion to adjourn, I
concluded with an observation that the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] was then dead—I
meant, of course, politically—and had 1 not been
interrupted, I was going on to observe that how-
ever desirable it might have been to the Senator
from Ohio to play the part of Antony over the
dead body of Caoscir 
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is mistaken. I do
not think it is a dead body at all. I think it is
quite a living body at present.
Mr. WIGFALL. However desirous he might
be to play the part of Antony over the dead body
of his Ccesar—for I insist that he is dead—it would
be impossible for him so to do, because the corpse
would show no signs of violence. He died, sir,
not for a How of blood, but of ink. He was af-
flicted with a disease that is as common to politi-
cians as bronchitis is to parsons—the cacoethes
scribendi; he died of a pamphlet. Pie has not the
patience of Job; but the calamity has befallen
him which Job prayed might befall his enemy—
he wrote a book.
Now, sir, having concludcd what I intended to
say upon that point, I come to the next matter
which the Senator from Ohio put in issue. Iiu
says that the Democratic party at Charleston de-
cided upon this vexed question as to the consti uc-
tion of the platform, lie says that they appealed
from the Supreme Court to th" great Sanhedrim,
and a verdict was found m their favor. This I
deny.
Mr. PUGII. Certainly, I made no such state-
ment as that.
Mr. "WIGFALL. The Senator from Ohio
stated—I have not the report and have not seen
it—that they had appealed to the party, and that
the party at Charleston had decided m their fa-
vor.
Mr. PUGH. An appeal from a senatorial
caucus.
Mr. WIGFALL. To the party ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir. I did not say that the
paity hud done anything except to refuse to in-
corporate your new dogma into the platform.
Mr. WfGFALL. All, tlmt vius not what 1
! understood the Senator to say. His explanation
| relieves me from ihe necessity of going on. The
1 pai ty, at least those of them who r< inamed in the
i eon\ention, did not put any construction on the
platfoi m; it remains, therefoie, as it did before, a
matter of consti uctlon until there shall be another
meeting of the party. I promised to read from
Mr. Buchanan's message. I stated that when
the present President of the United States was
nominated and wrote his letter of acceptance, we
1 at the South understood him distinctly to repu-
| diate squatter sovereignty. I stated that in his
inaugural address he repudiated it; and the Sen-
; ator from Ohio asked me to read from the mes-
j sage, j told him that to-day I would. Here it
is:
u It has ever been my individual opinion that, under the
Nebraska-Kansas act, the appropuate penod will lie when
the iiumbi'i of actual lo-ident- m the Toiritones sdiaJi justify
the loiination of a constitution with a view to lU admis-
sion rw a tfiate into the Union.
The Senator does not read the
I cannot read the whole
Mr. PUGH.
whole passage.
Mr. WIGFALL.
message.
Mr. PUGH. I admit that he stated that to be
his individual opinion, but in the same connection
he went 011 to say it was not a matter of party
fealty.
Mr. WIGFALL. I stated that the President
of the United States, in 3ns aci eptance of the plat-
form, had repudiated the squatter sovereignty
doctrine; I stated that in his inaugural message
[ lie, as an individual, had expressed the .same
' opinion; and therefore, that in voting for him we
| were not committed to squatter sovereignty, but,
! on the contrary, that those who voted for him
; were committed to the reverse. That was the
. issue between the Senator and myself. In his
lutterof acceptance Mr. Buchanan us<«d the phrase
■ that the people of a Territory, ulike the people
I of a State,have tho right to settle their domestic
I institutions in their own way. Now, sir, I hap-
pen to have taken an active part in that canvass.
It was charged by the Opposition party in Texas
that the ptatform, and tin*; letter of acceptance,
and the Nebraska bill itself, all contained the
squatter sovereignty doctrine. 1 denied it; and,
iu discussing that clause 111 Mr. Buchanan's let-
ter, I asked, always, when have the people of a
State a right to settle their own institutions?
Who can establish the political institutions of a
country ? The people. When ? At the time they
establish the organic law; at the time that they
establish the frame-woik of government. Then,
and then only, can the people of a State establish
and settle theirdomestic institutions—political in-
stitutions; then the people, acting 111 their sover-
eign capacity, whether en masse or m convention,
can declare and decide whether they will have a
monarchical form of government, an aristocratic
form of government, a republican form of gov-
ernment, or a pure democracy. When the peo-
ple have settled that—and by people I mean a State,
and by a State I mean any organized community
under a constitution—a political community be-
fore it is organized, 111 the very act of establish-
ing their form of government, then and there can
establish their political institutions; and after hav-
ing established them, they can never be altered
afterwards, except by the same power which in-
augurated them. This was the doctrine on which
we construed Mr. Buchanan's letter of accept-
ance; and I therefore deny that we were commit-
ted to any other construction than that winch we
publicly gave it, and which was not denied by
him, but after his inauguration was adopted and
indorsed by him m his inaugural address as his
own individual opinion.
The Senator from Ohio regards it as a mon-
strous proposition, that it shall be charged that
the Constitution of the United States establishes
slavery in a Territory. I say also that it is a
monstrous proposition. I say, furthermore, that
it is a proposition that no man living south of
Mason and Dixon's line has ever advocated. It
has been suggested by those who, m the garb of
friendship, have been our bitterest enemies; who
have worn the uniform, and have shot down their
fellow-soldieis 111 the light. It has been used and
asserted by those who would excite prejudice
against the party of which they professed to be
members. The Constitution oi the United States
does not establish political institutions anywhere.
The Constitution of the United States is a com-
pact between the States, by which the States
agreed to exercise some of their sovereign powers
through this foreign department, as it was called
by Mr. Jefferson. That is all that the Constitu-
tion does. It is all that we have ever professed
that it did. How is it, then, that slavery goes
into the Teiritones ? Slavery does not go into
the Territories. Slavery is a political institution.
Whilst the Territory remains a Territory there aro
no political institutions. They are not a people;
they are not a political community. Individuals
are living upon territory that belongs to another
people—are living there upon such terms as the
sovereign chooses to prcsciibe. That is the doc-
trine of the Democratic paity, as I have under-
stood it.
But what we have asserted is, that this Terri-
toiy, belonging to the tlinty-tliree States, and
those States being equal, is open for settlement
by the citizens of any one of the joint owners;
and that when these citizens of any of the States
get into the Territory, thty have a right to carry
jj with them any property which they own. That
" is the extent of our claim. Then, why can we
carry slaves ? Because slaves ate pioperty recog-
nized by the Constitution of the United States.
If the States, 111 entering into this compact, had
agreed with each other tiiat man should not have
property in man, a very different state of things
would exist; but a mere silence on the subject
would be sufficient, and the Constitution of tho
United States nowhere prohibits man from own-
ing property in man. The Constitution of the
United States nowhere declares what shall bo
property, and what shall not. Therefore, one
living in any one of the States of the Union and
owning any property, whether it is a watch, or a
coat, or a hat, a horse, or a negro, has a right to
go with his property anywheie upou the broad
tace of the earth, until he reaches some country
where the organic law declares he shall not held
property in that particular articlc.
