1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Then arises the question: is there any power in
the inhabitants of a Territory to declare what is
property and whatisnot? That we deny, because
we say that the power to declare what is property
and what is not, is a sovereign power, and can be
exercised only when the orgamclaw is to be estab-
lished, and that that organic law is never estab-
lished, and cannot be, until the inhabitants of the
Territory become a people; and by people I mean
a political community establishing a government
for themselves. Now, I do not mean to say that
the constitutions of the different States establish
slavery, or declare that man may own property
in man. When the people of the different States
came to form their organic law and establish their
government they treated everything which was
property previously asproperty, and so it remains.
We deny that aTerritorial Legislature,oraState
Legislature, or the Federal Legislature, can pre-
scribe what is property or what is not; and we
say that in any one of the States of the Union
whatever is property remains property—the title
vested in the owner until he goes to some country
where it is unlawful for him to own that species
of property.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator permit me to put
a question ?
Mr. WIGFALL. Oh, yes; it does not inter-
rupt me in the least.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator has stated what I
believe to be the whole argumentonhisside; and
now, in order to test it, I want to make a sugges-
tion to him. He thinks that the people of a State
cannot abolish slavery cxcept by an organical
law—a constitution.
Mr. WIGFALL. I think so.
Mr. PUGH. Now, I wont to call hisattention
to the fact that every State of the Union, except
Massachusetts, that ever did abolish slavery,
abolished it by an act of legislation.
Mr. WIG-FALL. I say to the Senator, if that is
true—amatter about which I am not informed 
Mr. PUGH. Then, according to the Senator's
doctrine, Pennsylvania is to-day a slaveholding
State.
Mr. HALE. I want to state that what the
Senator from Ohio says is not altogether true.
Slavery never was abolished by law in New
Hampshire, and never existed by law there.
Mr. PUGH. It was there, according to the
census.
Mr. HALE. I know it; and that is what I
said yesterday. The census tells lies sometimes.
Mr. DAVIS. The legislation was for post
nati, I think, in all the northern States.
Mr. HALE. There was 110 legislation in Mas-
sachusetts or New Hampshire on it; but freedom
was declared to be the result of the Constitution.
Mr. PUGH. Pennsylvania and New York
abolished slavery by acts of legislation.
Mr. DAVIS. Having examined the point, I
will say to the Senator, that the legislation to
which lie refers was for post nati; and after the
time had passed when no one could be a slave
by birth a suit arose in Connecticut to compel the
executor of an estate to receive a slave who had
• become indigent; and it was held to be property,
and he was compelled to take the indigent slave
and support him.
Mr. PUGH. I do not see that that bears on
the question.
Mr. WIGFALL. This is a matter of not the
slightest consequence to me. State Legislatures
have done what they have 
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will pardon me—I
do not mean to interrupt him. His proposition
is that slavery cannot bo excluded—by what the
Senator from Mississippi calls a law for post nati
—from a Territory, because it can only be acted
on by an organical law. That is the very propo-
sition which I say refutes the whole argument on
his side, and is untrue m fact, untrue in history,
and has no foundation.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator is, doubtless,
satisfied with his own argument—so am 1, too.
Mr. DAVIS. I must ask the Chair not to allow
the remarks of the Senator from Texas to degen-
erate into a mere dialogue. He is addressing the
Senate in a line of argument, and I hope he will
be permitted to proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in tile chair.) That depends on the discre-
tion of the Senator himself.
Mr. PUGH. I will not interrupt him without
his consent; but when I have it, I certainly will
not submit to be reproved by others.
Mr. WIGFALL I was going on to say, and
I believe I have already said, that the organic law
could only be established by sovereign power. I
think I am not mistaken in that proposition. I
think there is no writer on political ethics of any
respectability who doubts it. If that be true,
then I say that it is by organic law alone that prop-
erty can be confiscated, and by organic law—I
care not about the morality—it can be. I used,
sometime ago, an illustration in arguing this very
question, which I will repeat briefly. Suppose
tnat when Texan independence was won on the
field of San Jacinto, the men who there assembled
had, to instanti, established a governmen t. They
might havemade it monarchical; they miglithave
made it aristocratic; they might have made it re-
publican or democratic, and who could say no?
They were standing there with arms in their
hands. They could have abolished all the Span-
ish titles. They could have introduced Fourier-
ism, and divided the lands out among themselves.
They could have declared that no man afterwards
in that governmentshouldeverown'land. They
could have declared that no man should ever own
another man. No one doubts that had they es-
tablished a governmental the same time,suppos-
ing they had established a republican form of gov-
ernment, with three departments, legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial, each would have been bound
to obey the organic law. Could a judge, sitting
on the bench, dispute that authority by which he
took his seat? Could a member of the legislature
disregard the law by which he was authorized to
pass statutes ? The thing is preposterous. I can-
not be led from the train of my argument by dis-
cussions as to what this Legislature, that Legis-
lature, or the other has done. I say that a State
Legislature has no right to confiscate property;
that a State Legislature has no right to establish a
constitution; it has no right to declare the organic
law, unless in the constitution itself this power is
vested. So much upon that point.
Then the monstrous proposition that the Con-
stitution of the United States establishes slavery
has never been advocated by us. Slavery is apo-
litical institution. The position we take is, that
there is a difference between slaves and slavery.
Slaves are property. Slavery is a political insti-
tution. If, in adopting a form of government, the
political institution of slavery is established, it re-
mains so until the power which created, the power
which made, unmakes; and when the govern-
ment, which is organized by the supreme power,
comes into existence, it is the duty of that gov-
ernment to protect everything which is recognized
by the organic law as property. We say, then,
that the inhabitants of a Territory, not being a
people or a political community, but living upon
land the eminent domain of winch is in another
people, have 110 right to establish political insti-
tutions, and they have no rigfit to pass organic
laws; but whilst they remain there, any powers
winch are vested in them by the Federal Govern-
ment, the agent of all the States, must be exer-
cised for the protection of everything which is
property; and that everything is property, and
remains property there tnat a citizen of the Uni-
ted States can hold in any State of this Union. I
trust that I have made myself understood in the
distinction I draw between slaves and slavery as
a political institution.
I fear, Mr. President, that those charges which
are made so loudly and inconsiderately, (and I
hope they are inconsiderately made here,) in the
present state of things, are made, not in the spirit
of friendship and of kindness, but for a very
different purpose. I have watched the course of
political men for some time past, and 1 find that
those who have run off on this heresy of squatter
sovereignty are using arguments which are cal-
culated to excite the passions of the non-slave-
holdmg portion of this country. They have pre-
sented false issues to those people, and told them
that we are making those issues. Judge Doug-
las, some time ago, chose to write a letter or make
a speech against the reopening of the African slave
trade. He has spoken and written against forcing
slavery on an unwilling people. It is said that
we are guilty of the monstrous proposition of in-
sisting that the Constitution of the United States
establishes the political institution of slavery in a
Territory, whereas we have merely asserted that
whatever we own as property, we have a right to
carry anywhere within the limits of the United
States, unless there is some organic law which
prohibits us from owning that species of prop^
erty. We have said that wherever the Ameri-
can flag floats, whereyer the jurisdiction of tlje.
Federal Government extends, the Government is .
bound to protect the persons, the lives, the liber-
ties, and the property of all the citizens of these
thirty-three States. That is the extent of our
claim, and it has been tortured into quite a differ-
ent aspect.
I regret extremely the spirit which seems to
actuate those who are acting in concert with the •
distinguished Senator from Illinois. They seem
not to meet us in a spirit of conciliation. When
wo offer the olive branch, they show the sword.
No sooner had the imbroglio occurred at Charles-
ton, than the organ of the party here denounced
all those who were unwilling to remain in the ,
convention; after that convention had refused to
act upon Judge Douglas's own proposition, nei-
ther to cheat nor to be cheated—or one that if not
made by him, he had accepted—no sooner had
they done this, than the organ here denounced
them as " Yanceyites," headed its editorials
" Yanceyism," called them " fire-eaters," " nul-
lifies," "disunionists." Those were the terms
in which they were spoken of. I do not choose
to weary the patience of the Senate, nor waste my
time in reading the miserable stuff that is con-
tained in this organ. There is one sentence only
that I will inflict on them:
" The coadjutors ofMr. Yancey at Charleston are fright-
ened almost out of their lives at the enormities which tbey
were instrumental in committing. They arc now much
more desirous tu get the seceding members into the con-
vention at Baltimore than tliey were to get them out of it
at Charleston !"
Now, sir, was that in the spirit of conciliation
and peace? When these Democrats met, they
should have met like a band of brothers to adopt
a general platform of principles, and to nominate
some man who was acceptable to all sections and
could rally the entire strength of the party; and
when it was found that there was an " irrepressi-
ble conflict" as to opinion, and some of the dele-
gations withdrew, and their friends here and else-
where advised that they should return, and should
meet again at Baltimore and see if these difficul-
ties were irrepressible, orif there was notground
of hope for conciliation and reunion, eo instanti,
the organ here comes out and says they are fright-
ened, denounces them, derides them, taunts them,
and does everything that a paper can do to pre-
vent any reconciliation. So it has been in other
sections of the country. I got this morning a
paper from one of the northwestern States—I be-
lieve it was Minnesota. In candor to the Sena-
torfrom Ohio, who assumes the guardianship of
the Senator from Illinois, I would say that I be-
lieve it is a Back Republican paper, but it reports
speeches which were made by Mr. Gorman and
Mr. Gilman:
"The speeches were quite as remarkable as other efforts
of the able orators. The hearty applause which followed
the fiequent anti-slavery remarks of Messrs. Gorman and
Gilman, would almost create a belief that it was mainly a
Republican meeting."
These were the leaders in the Minnesota del-
egation of the Douglas wing of the party:
"But we feci sure that no Republican speaker, although
attacking slavery as an institution, andslavery propagand-
ist! as a political policy, would ever denounce a sister
State to the extent, or in the tenns of Gorman's invective
of Saturday night." *******
" Governor Gorman, in explaining the position of the
Douglas men in the convention, said that it was their in-
tention to prevent the nomination of any other man than
he, at all hazards; that they intend to nominate him by
two third* if they can, and if not, to change the rule and
nominate him by a mere majority; and if they fail in this
al*o, then to make no nomination whatever, but let tile
Democracy of the Northwest nominate Douglas.
'•This is undoubtedly tiieir design, and we hope they
will accomplish it. It is high time the unprincipled and
coirupt organization called the Demociatic party was dis-
rupted, abandoned, and destroyed."
That is the impression that is made in the
northern States by the speeches and the public
meetings which are held, at least by some of these
gentlemen.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Texas yield the floor ?
Mr. WIGFALL. Yes, sir; as often as the
Senator chooses to interrupt me.
Mr. PUGH. I know Governor Gorman very
