1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30,7
act ofCongress which divides thcTerritory equally
between the slaveholding and non-slaveholding
States? Is it possible that the Senator sees no
distinction ? If so, I despair of enlightening him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Why, Mr. President, I
was speaking of the constitutional power of Con-
gress to legislate upon and exclude slavery from
the Territories; and if it has the constitutional
power to exclude ten slaves, it has the constitu-
tional power to exclude ten thousand, or exclude
them all. I was simply arguing the question of
constitutional power, and while I admit that, in
reference to some of the southern Territories,
Congress did not, in the exercise of its constitu-
tional power, do all that it had a right to do, yet,
it did exercise a portion of that power by way of
limitation, even of slavery, in the slaveholding
Territories of .the South. On the question of
power, there is no difference whether we exclude
half or exclude the whole.
Mr. PTJGH. I repeal that, if the Senator can-
not see the distinction, it is in vain for me to at-
tempt to enlighten him. The Congress of the
United States has the right to impose tonnage
duties, the right to impose duties on imports and
excises; what for? For certain specified objects,
with a view honestly of raising a revenue; but
suppose that Congress, under pretense of levying
duties on imports, should undertake to destroy
the commerce of a State, would not that be un-
constitutional, and would the Senator stand up
here with this style of logic, to say "if you can
levy one cent, you can levy a dollar, and if you
can levy a dollar, you can levy a million dollars ?"
What sort of logic is that? Certainly not logic
that ought to pass in the Senate of the United
States.
I say it was the idea before the Constitution to
divide the territory between the slaveholding and
the non-slaveholding States; and although the
Congress of the United States had not the power,
in 1820, to enact that, yet they did carry out that
idea, and President Monroe simply withheld his
veto as in a case of doubt; and, therefore, if the
question had remained forever as it stood then, 1
should have simply said that, whilst I should not
have been in favor of this in the first place, unless,
under great stress, yielding my own opinions to
the opinions of others, yet I will see that it is
faithfully carried into effect hereafter, it being the
settled judgment of the country.
But, sir, I have heard the Senator talk about
what former Presidents and former Congresses
have done. He does not open the Constitution
of the United States, and show us this power.
He says it existed because it has been exercised.
Does he argue that way about other subjects?
Does lie go back to 1793, to the act providing for
the reclamation of fugitive slaves, and to its rec-
ognition by every department of this Government
and by all the States, and does he say that it is a
settled question? Oh, no, that is not settled; it
is unsettled; and I have heard the Senator himself
get up on this floor and say that he did not un-
derstand the Constitution of the United States to
vest in Congress any power to provide for the
reclamation of fugitives from justice.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The difference between
the honorable Senator and myself is simply this:
he can argue words out of the instrument or words
into the instrument at his pleasure; Icannotdoit.
The clause of the Constitution in reference to
fugitives from service does not say that Congress
shall have the power to legislate on that subject
at all; it says no such thing. It simply says that
a State shall not, by any act of its, discharge
from service a fugitive who may be held to service
under the laws of another State; and I tell the
gentleman that as an original question, coming
up for discussion, any good lawyer and strict con-
structionist of the Constitution will say as I say,
that the Constitution of the United States does
not, in that clause, give to Congress any power to
legislate at all. But in relation to the other clause
of the Constitution to which I have referred, it
expressly says Congress shall have the power.
That is the difference. In the one case it does
not say it where the gentleman says it has the
power. In the other case, where he denies the
power and I insist that Congress has it, the Con-
stitution says it shall have the power. Now, let
us see these clauses. I have heard of a man being
able to argue the seal off a bond in a court of
justice 
Mr. PUGH. I wish the Senator would read
his passage, for I am very anxious to conclude
my remarks. I am willing to hear it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The clause in relation to
fugitives escaping from servicc is as follows:
'' No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws tliereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged
from such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom sucli service or labor may be
due.''
Now there is no power given to Congress to
legislate on that subject. It does inhibit the power
of a State to legislate in a certain way, and any
law or any proceeding on the part of a State
which has the effect to discharge the fugitive from
labor, is unconstitutional and void, by the Con-
stitution of the United States, and every State
court, every State judge, and every judge of the
Supreme Court is bound so to declare it. That
is the true construction of this clause. Butin re-
lation to the other clause the language is:
"The Congress shall have power todlspove of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
The Supreme Court, in five different decisions,
beginning about 1810, and the last one in 1853—
just about six months before you passed your Ne-
braska bill—unanimously decided that this clause
of the Constitution gave Congress sovereign power
over the Territories. The difference between you
and me is this: where I maintain Congress has
the power the Constitution says it shall have the
power; you maintain it has the power where the
Constitution does notsay it. My honorable friend
here has the faculty of arguing words in or argu-
ing words out at his pleasure. I have never yet
learned to do that.
Mr. PUGH. Now, Mr. President, as to the
greater part of what the Senator has read, I shall
endeavor to take notice of all that in its place; but
I come back to the very proposition which he un-
dertook to answer, and lias avoided. The Sena-
tor has undertaken to assert that the power of
Congress to exclude slavery from the Territories
exists, because he said it had always been exer-
cised in all the Presidents' terms from 1789 to the
present time; and yet, when in 1793, under the
same President, George Washington, there was
an act of Congress to provide for the reclamation
of fugitive slaves; an act which was upheld as
constitutional by every State court, by the Su-
preme Court times without ifumber, and by every
judge who ever sat on the bench; the Senator
thinks that is still an open question. The logic
by which he argues one power does not lead him
to infer the other. Now, the Senator thinks he
has made a great deal by readingthe clauseofthe
Constitution authorizing Congress to dispose of
the territory or public lands, and make regula-
tions connected with them. I do not intend to
argue it; I think it is time w-asted; and as to the
assertion that the Supreme Court of the United
States in five cases, or in one case, ever decided
thus and so, I leave it for what it is worth. We
had all these decisions here; 1 have gone into that
argument myself with Senators before this an all
these cases before the Dred Scott decision, as well
as since; but I prefer that the Supreme Court
should review their own decisions. They are
able to say, as they did say m Dred Scott's case,
what their former decisions meant; and when Sen-
ators pick up cases that never involved the ques-
tion, and undertake to pick a few words of dis-
jointed sentences, I do not think it is worth while
to answer it.
But, sir, I say as to this clause relative to the
re-delivery of fugitives, I do not want to go into
it, for it is late. If it were an original question, I
do not see how there could be any doubt. It is
not necessary that the power of Congress should
be given in that clause. The clause itself is a
definition of the judicial authority of the United
States. It extends to controversies between citi-
zens of different States, and the Constitution au-
thorizes and requires Congress to pass all laws
which may be necessary to carry into full effect
the powers and jurisdiction of the Federal courts
as well as any other,and the very right to reclaim
a fugitive being a cause of action under the Con-
stitution of the United States and subject to the
authority of the Federal judiciary, it is the duty
of Congress, by law, to make the jurisdiction of
the courts and the process of the courts perfectly
effectual. Therefore, as an oiiginal question,!
should not have any doubt. It is not necessary
for us to stand here like children to see whether
the exact clause taken by itself out of all context
and all connection, contains the word " Congress''
or not. It would be a good deal like the case of
Dean Swift's three sons. Each of them was fur-
nished with a fine coat, and according to his fath-
er 's will, he was to act and guide himself in all the
amendments of his coat. Two of his boys took
it into their heads to wear shoulder knots, but
they could not find "shoulder knot"in their fath-
er's will, nor "shoulder" either, nor "knot;" and
finally they concluded that if they could find the
letters they would spell it out, but they could not
find the letter "It" in the will, and they came to
the conclusion that "K "was a corruption of "C,"
and they would spell knot, c-n-o-t; and they did.
That is the style of constitutional interpretation
we hear on this side of the Chamber, not with a
view to the general purport of the Constitution,
but mere chop logic. The words are disjointed
from their places. So it is with Senators reading
the decisions of the Supreme Court. The Canter
case did not involve thequestioS of slavery; nor
did the casfifrom California, nor any of his cases;
but the Dred Scott case did. I am not going to
defend the court. What I rose to state to the Sen-
ator was chiefly this: that when he asserted on
this floor, to go forth to the country, that every
President of the United States had maintained the
doctrine of his Wilmot proviso, I tell him there
is not a word of truth in it; it cannot be main-
tained; it is contrary to the history of the coun-
try, and contrary to such an abundance of evi-
dence that I confess I am amazed at it; and I can
only think the Senator from Wisconsin, with
whom I have always had friendly relations, was
hurried away by the heat of the occasion.
The Senator spoke of the fact that the people
of the southern States had changed their opinions
on the subject of slavery; that whereas they for-
merly thought it was a very bad institution, they
now think it is a very good one. I think that is
very likely to be true; but the difficulty with me,
and I should hope with the Senator, is, that it is
none of our business. . They may change their
opinions on this subject as often as they please;
it belongs to them ; they are not subject to our
criticism. We have not changed our opinion in
the lion-slaveholding States. We are opposed to
the institution; but until there is an attempt made
to thrust it upon us, I think we might leave the
people of the slaveholding States to whatever
changes of opinion they choose to undergo on the
subject. I shall.
Then the Senator said his idea of popular sov-
ereignty was that the sovereignty and right of
government was in the people of all the United
States; not in the people of the Territories; not
in the people of the local community over which
the laws are to have effect; oh no, sir, but in
some other people not subject to the laws. That
is popular sovereignty according to his definition;
not that the people who live under the law and
who are to obey the law shall have a voice in it,
but some people who do not live under it and are
not asked to obey it. That is'the popular sover-
eignty that flourishes in the Island of Cuba to-
day. That is the popular sovereignty under
which Ireland groans and has groaned for hun-
dreds of years. That is the popular sovereignty
which Hungary enjoys. That is the popular sov-
ereignty which the Republican party, (God save
the mark,) commends to American citizens set-
tling in our now Territories. As for me, sir, I
find my popular sovereignty in that Declaration
of Independence which these gentlemen profess
to quote: that governments are made for men;
that the people who live under the law ought to
be consulted in its making; and if they have not
sovereignty, which I never claimed for the Terri-
tories, they have at least a right to be respected
in their wishes and opinions; and, therefore, I
say that any act of Congress—and I speak now
equally to the Senator from Mississippi as to the
Senator from Wisconsin—any act of Congress to
establish or to exclude slavery in any Territory,
contrary to the will of the people, is a violation
of all Democracy and all Republicanism, and all
good government, and for me arid mine 1 shall
vote against all of them.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope before the Senate adjourns,
