308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
as it is quite apparent that we are going to dis-
cuss for a long time the question whether we shall
print the message and documents or not, I shall
nave an opportunity to refer so much of the mes-
sage and accompanying documents as relates to
military affairs to the committee having control of
that subject. As a month has been lost already,
I hope the committees will now have an oppor-
tunity to take up the subjects which are contained
in the message and documents. ~
Mr. MASON. I would submit to the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi, that the Govern-
ment is paralyzed at one of its extremities, and
whether it can recover from that paralysis seems
to be a matter of very great doubt. It is para-
lyzed in the coordinate branch of the Legislature,
and I do not think, therefore—I submit it with
great deference to him—that the Senate, merely a
coordinate branch in legislation, can proceed to
the consideration of any legislative matter until
the paralysis is removed; for there is a possibil-
ity, it almost always occurs in animal life, that
if a paralysis of the extremities is not speedily
removed, itextends to the vitals. 1 should think,
therefore, that until we arc organized in the terms
of the Constitution as a complete Legislature, we
cannot proceed to any business which is legisla-
tion, even to prepare it or mature it. Hence, I
should doubt the propriety of the reference.
Mr. DAVIS. We cannot certainly pass a bill
when there is no other House to send it to, but
we can go on to prepare matter for .action. I will
also state to the Senator fiom Virginia, I never
despair of the Republic, and I have no fear that
the paralysis will not give way. I hope it will
be succeeded by healthy and not convulsive ac-
tion. In the mean time, and up to the last hour,
whilst we stand upon the brink, let every man do
his duty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa insist on his motion to adjourn?
Mr. HARLAN. 1 do not-wish to be discour-
teous to the Senator from Mississippi, and if he
desires to make a motion to refer a part of the
message, I give way for that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. I only desire to have the matter
referred to the committees so that they may pro-
ceed to business; and with the permission ot the
Senator from Iowa, I should like to have the mo-
tion decided.
Mr. HARLAN. I give way for that purpose.
Mr. MASON. It lcally seems to be a matter
which requires consideration. This Senate has
now no legislative, function whatever, it has none
except when it is organized in the language of the
Constitution asaliousc. We have now no com-
plete legislative function whatever, and can exer-
cise none. I presume that the honorable Senator
from Mississippi would hardly expect that we
should pass a lull in the present condition of the
Legislature. Ifwe cannot pass a bill, we cannot
do it because we do not possess the legislative
function. If we cannot pass a bill, 1 really do not
tiee how we rati take any step in legislation what-
ever. The Senate has some separate functions
connected with the1 Executive which it may exer-
cise, but I do not see that we can take a single
seep to mature or to consider any legislative
measure until the Legislature is organized, of
which we are but abranch. I will suggest further
to the Senator, that I would prefer not to act has-
tily on the motion, but that we ought to do it with
a full Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator desires reflection,
of course I do not press tin* matter now.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I renew the motion to
adjourn.
*rhe motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 3, 1860. #
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. R. G, Coxe.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. Parrott, Delegate from the Territory of
Kansas, appeared in his place.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated the question to be upon
the admissibility of the resolution offered by the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Winslow]
on Thursday the 22d ultimo, upon which the gen-
tleman from South Carolina £Mr. Boyce} was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. Boyce resumed the floor, and concluded
his speech commenced on Friday last. The fol-
lowing is the report of the entire speech:
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Clerk, I consider the contest
now going on for Speaker of this House as the
most important that has ever taken place in this
country. Why do I say this? Because of the
unprecedented agitation which pervades the pub-
he mind; an agitation which will be increased or
diminished by the election you will make. In
my opinion, the stability of this Government was
never before so much imperiled. Why is this?
It is because of the belief existing, wide-spread
throughout the southern States, that their security
is threatened in the Union. What is the ground
of that belief? The rapid rise and threatened
ascendency of the Republican party. Is that ap-
?rehension well founded ? In my opinion it is.
consider that the Republican party is a party of
the most alarming characteristics. In the first
place, it is a sectional party.
What is a sectional party ? One that appeals
to the prejudices, the passions,and the supposed
interests of one section, in order to band that sec-
tion together, so as to take possession of the Gov-
ernment for domination over the other section.
That definition exactly suits the Republican party.
That party appeals to the pride of the North; it
says to the North that it has not hitherto had
its just influence in the Federal Government. It
addresses itself to the anti-slavery sentiment of
the North. It suggests some indefinite idea of
northern interests which are to be promoted by
the North taking exclusive possession of the Gov-
ernment. In particular, it promulgates a theory
of irrepressible conflict between the labor system
of the North and the labor system of the South,
and, of couise, it espouses the northern side. It
is, therefore, a sectional party, and a sectional
partv upon the most dangerous issue possible—
the slavery question. Why is this? Because it
addresses itself to the strongest passions of the
human heart in each section. At the North it
addresses itself to a sentiment bordering on fanat-
icism—a sentiment susceptible of being impelled
to madness—a sentiment which has already pro-
duced a John Brown—for what was Brown but
a spark thrown off from the heated furnace of
northern opinion? 'Pothe South it addresses itself
as a question of existence; a question whether
they shall be or not be. A question not merely
of property, hut a mighty social question. A
question involving the integrity of the State, the
stability of civilization, the inviolability of the
hearth, the nobility of blood.
While, therefore, this issue impels the North to
fanaticism, it drives the South to desperation.
Tins issue tirst loomed up into portentous import-
ance upon the Missouri question. At that time,
Mr. .Tefieison was living in retirement, having
withdiawn from public affairs. To this profoundly
sagacious man, this momentous question sounded,
to use his own expressive words,. " like a fire-bell
in the night." Writing to a friend, he said:
" Although T had laid down as a law to myself never to
write, talk, oi even tlnnk of polities, to know nothing of
public affair, and therefore had ceased to icad newspaper.-*,
yet the Missouri question aiousod and filled me with alarm.
The old schism of Federal and Republican threatened noth-
ing, because it exited in evciy State, and united them to-
gether hv the tiateinisni of party. Cut the coincidence
of a marked puneiple, moral and political, with ageogiaph-
ieal line, I feared would never more be obliterated from the
mind; that it would be reclining on eveiy occasion and
ronewmu hritation^, until it would kindle '.iieh mutual and
mortal hatied as to render separation prefeiublc to eternal
discoid. I have been among the most anguine in believ-
ing that our Union would be of Ions duiation. I now doubt
it much, and *ee the event at no great distance, and the
direct consequence of th;-? question. My only comfort and
confidence H, that I tOiall noi live to see. this; and I envy
not tin* present geneiation the gioi> ot tinowmjj away the
fruits of their farheia5 saciifioes> of life and fortune.''
It is a striking fact in this connection that the
Republican party, this northern sectional party,
which puts itself forward as the peculiar expo-
nent of northern interests, does not propose any
modification of the policy of the Government in
reference to the great questions involved in the
subject of taxation, disbursements, and protection
to home industry. These questions of finance are
the soul of modern politics, fu the free States of
antiquity it was otherwise; there the contestation
of parties was in reference to the privileges of
classes, a struggle between the patricians and the
plebeians. In view of this peculiar characteristic
of modern politics, a French political economist
says; with great pith of expression, " the fisc, it
is the State j" by which he meant to convey the
idea that the subject of taxation and the questions
flowing out of it, constituted the overshadowing
part of the internal policy of modern States. The
truth of this remark is evidenced by the history
of parties in this country, where questions of the
fisc, such as the tariff, the United States bank, inter-
nal improvements, navigation laws, and bounties
have occupied so large a share of public atten-
tion. Yet, this northern sectional party propose
no change in the existing policy of the Govern-
ment upon these important subjects. They pro-
pose no change in the tariff, whereby a larger bur-
den of the taxation shall be thrown upon the
South, and a greater bounty given in the protec-
tion of northern manufactures. They propose
no change in the disbursements of the Govern-
ment by which a larger expenditure shall be made
North than has hitherto been done. They pro-
pose no change of the law by which the coastwise
trade is confined exclusively to American ships,
the practical advantage of which law is confined
almost exclusively to the northern States. They
propose no change of the law which gives Amer-
ican ship-builders, almost exclusively confined to
the northern States, a monopoly of building ships
which sail under the American flag. They pro-
pose no change in the law which gives codfish
bounties to the people of Massachusetts. They
propose no change m the law which, under the
form of the reciprocity treaty, exempts the peo-
ple of the Noi th along the Canadian frontier from
paying duties on the large value of importations
included m the free list. Why does this northern
sectional party propose no change in these laws
which touch the arteries of their great industry
at every point? I call attention to the answer; it
is pregnant with meaning. It is because all of
these great industrial laws are so favorable to
northern interests that they cannot be improved
upon. What a commentary does not this fact
suggest upon the formation of a northern sec-
tional party upon the pretense^that the North has
been ignored in the Federal Government, that
there hasbeen no North, and that the slave power
has exclusively controlled the Government. If *
this be so, then the slave power has been the most
stupid or the most generous of oligarchies, for,
in all these regards which I have alluded to, of
such paramount importance, it has given the N or th
everything and reserved nothing for itself, except
the poor privilege of paying tribute to the victo-
rious industry of the imperial North.
The great practical issue upon which the Re-
publican party places itself is, the prohibition of
slavery in the Territories. And they would have
us believe that this is the be-all and the end-all of
their agitation. Letusadmitthis for the moment;
then let me refer to the significant admission made
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] that
this question is practically settled in the Territo-
ries by the laws of physical geography and the
movements of population. Lotus also admit that,
for the sake of argument. Then what follows ?
That their only issue being settled in their favor,
they have no mission to perform, and their organ-
ization is unnecessary. Hut the organization con-
tinues. It must be for some purpose. What is
that purpose ? It is not for any change in the
gieat industrial policy of the country. The ter-
ritorial question, alleged to bo the exclusive issue
of the Republican party, is conccded to be settled.
The only remaining purpose we can imagine the
party to have is the seizuie of all the offices of
the Government, the confiscation in its own in-
terest of all the spoils. This is the inevitable con-
clusion to which we must come, if we admit the
disclaimers and concessions I have referred to as
made on behalf of the Republican party.
Now, what a spectacle does not this conclusion
present? This the master branch of the Govern-
ment paralyzed, society at a pause, the sections
two hostile camps, the public creditors in despair
and bankruptcy—men of the North and men of
the South glaring upon each other with convulsive
ragc—ready to spring to the banquet of blood, and
all that a few aspiring men from th& North may
strut their brief hour upon the stage of public
affairs.
In this respect, the Republican party proposes
to inaugurate a new era. I say it proposes this,
