1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
because its platform is necessarily exclusive of
all men at the South loyal to her institutions; and
as parties do not give their patronage outside of
their own ranks, southern men will necessarily
he excluded from office under a Republican rsgime.
That this will be a new era is obvious, because it
is at variance with the practice of the Government
from the administration of "Washington to the
present time. What kind of a government will
that be where the citizens of nearly one half of
the States are excluded from public office ? It will
be no government, but a conquest.
I do not think it necessary for me to enlarge on
the dangers of a sectional party; the}'' are suffi-
ciently obvious in their general aspects. I shall
only allude to them in two particulars.
First, our Government is a Confederacy of
thirty-two republics, united under a'constitutional
compact, by which certain specific powers are
granted to the General Government, and the great
mass of residuary powers is reserved to the sep-
arate States. Our Government is therefore a Gov-
ernment of the most delicate organism. All free
governments arc artificial m their organism, in a
greater or less degree; for their purpose is to de-
velop the just will of the people. Arbitrary gov-
ernments, on the contrary, are remarkably simple
in. their organism, for the State speaks through
a single individual. Of all free governments, ours
is the most artificial, because it is a free govern-
ment upon afree government; a free government
in the second degree: for first come the State gov-
ernments; from their union results the Federal
Government. From the artificial character of
our Government, it results that it cannot work
efficiently without harmony, and harmony cannot
exist without justice. Like a complicated ma-
chine, it works to the admiration of all while it
obeys the law of its being, but it is subject to be
deranged by the slightest impediment. Justice
being indispensable to the well-being of the Gov-
ernment; sectionalism, which is the rankest injus-
tice, is of fatal influence to the Government.
Further, our Government is not a democracy
pure and simple. It is a Republic with checks
and balances. The framcrs of the Constitution
did notgive the numerical majority absolute power.
They subjcctcd such majority to the concurrent
action of the Senate, representing States^without
regard to numbers. This power of the Senate
was the great conservative feature of the Consti-
tution, not the less to be admired because it was
the result of a happy accident; the existence of
the States rather than a governmental invention.
As long as things continue in their natural condi-
tion, the Senate is an efficient safeguard against
the numerical majority; but when one scction
containing the majority of States, as well as the
numerical majority, band together in one party
against the minority section, the Senate is in effect
superseded, the numerical majority become abso-
lute, and a revolution is practically effected in the
Government. Such will be the effect if the Re-
publican party succeed in getting possession of
the Government. The Government will no longer
be a government of checks and ba!ances;"it will
be a passionate democracy.
Of all governments, the worst is an uncliccked
democracy, as a thousand tyrants are worse than
one tyrant. Nothing could he more deplorable
than the condition of the southern people if they
were submitted to the will of the numerical ma-
jority of the northern States, under the auspices
of the Republican party. Suppose that Great
Britain and France were united in one government
under the control of the numerical majority, and
France had become scctionahzed, after a long-
agitation earned on by able and ambitious men,
using every possible appliance, and especiallyby
exaggerating every offense, real or imaginary,
committed by the English people, from the burn-
ing of Joan of Arc to the torture ofthe greatempo
ror at St. Helena. Would not the condition of
the people of England, under such a rule, be sad
indeed? Yet, the condition of the southern peo-
ple, under the heel of the Republican party, would
be even worse than this; for there are not four
million African slaves in England. So much on
this point.
I further objcct to the Republican party, that its
principles are at war with the Constitution. Our
Government is a confederacy of States of diverse
institutions—some having African servitude and
others not having it. What is implied by a con-
federacy of States thus circumstanccd ? It is im-
plied that there is an acknowledgment on both
sides of the legality of the subsisting institutions
of each other, and that there is a toleration of those
institutions. If there be a confederacy formed
between a monarchy and a republic, there is at
once an implication that the republic is not to seek
to revolutionize the institutions of the monarchy,
and that the monarchy is not to seek to overturn
the institutions of the republic.
The Swiss Cantons are examples of this truth.
Some of the cantons arc democratic and some
aristocratic; but neither are allowed to interfere
with the institutions of the other, it was the vio-
lation of this great principle that cost Philip II
the Netherlands. Philip II succeeded by inherit-
ance to the Netherlands and to Spain. The Span-
ish monarchy was an absolute monarchy, where
the king was the State, while the Netherlands was
a constitutional monarchy. Philip II could not
understand the spirit of the Netherlands; his idea
was to reduce the Netherlands to the same con-
dition as the Spanish monarchy; and in the effort
to do so, he lost the Netherlands,having produced
a revolution that lasted through two generations.
Our Confederacy being a union of republics of dif-
ferent institutions, one of the first great inferences
is that there should be toleration of the respective
institutions of each of these republics.
But, sir, we are not left to logical deduction upon
this subject. Our fathers grappled with the sub-
ject of slavery as practical men. What d£d they
do ? They said, among other things, that slavery
should constitute a power in the representation of
this House; that it should be a basis upon which
direct taxation should bo levied. They agreed
that the African slave trade should continue until
1808. They further bound themselves to secure
the domes tic tranquillity of the slave States; which
meant that they would assist with arms, if neces-
sary, in preventing the slaves from disturbing that
tranquillity. They agreed that the North should
surrender up fugitive slaves.
Well, sir, what are. the results of these provis-
ions of the Constitution ? Two great truths are
deducihlo from them: first, that slavery was ac-
knowledged by the framers of the Constitution,
and treated as a legal subsisting fact, and a legal
subsisting fact that was not to be disturbed. But
how does the position of the Republican party
harmonize with those two great truths? Why,
Mr. Clerk, they are at war with both. They deny
that slavery is n legal subsisting fact.
Mr. CURTIS. I am not going to interfere with
the thread of the gentleman's argument. But I
desire to rail his attention to the fact that in the
convention which framed the Constitution there
was a motion made to strike outthe word " legal"
from the clause of the Constitution which relates
to fugitive slaves: leaving the language, {i by the
laws thereof." The very word " legal" was re-
pudiated by the convention which framed the Con-
stitution, as 1 understand it.
Mr. BOYCE. I presume thai it was because
the very fact that the Constitution provided that
person.; held to service should be rendered up,
necessarily presupposes the fact that they are
legally so held; because it cannot bo supposed that
our ancestors agreed to commit a crime—that is,
to deliver up persons not legally held to service.
Well, sir, the Republican party wars upon both
these great truths deducible from the compacts of
the Constitution. They deny that slavery is a
legal subsisting fact, and by their agitation of the
slavery question the tranquillity of tin: slave States
is necessarily disturbed. Jn both of these respects
they war upon the Constitution.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina allow me to make an inquiry? I
do not desire to interrupt him.
Mr. BOYCE. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. I would be glad to know
upon what authority the gentleman from South
Carolina claims that the Republican party denies
that slavery is a legal subsisting fact, entitled to
the protection of the Federal Government?
Mr. BOYCE. 1 deny it upon the authority of
the platform of principles laid down by the Re-
publican party in Philadelphia. In that platform,
they say that every man has an inalienable right
to liberty, and they further class slavery with
polygamy, as two relics of barbarism, that is, as
enmes; and, ofcourse,u crime can receive no valid
constitutional sanction.
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the gentleman
that that is not a fair construction of the Philadel-
phia platform. They may regard slavery as wrong, '
as an abstract proposition outside of the institu-
tion as it exists in the States. That is the theory
of the Republican party. There is nowhere a de-
nial in the Republican platform, or in.any other
authoritative exposition of Republican principles,
of the legalfty of slavery; nor has there been a
war made by the Republican party upon the right
of protection of slavery under the Constitution.
Mr. BOYCE. I will say, further, to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, that I have made the deduction
from the Republican platform on tlie authority of
Governor Seward, who announces that slavery
is a sin/and that it is the duty of the North to
abolish it.
Mr. STANTON. But the ground the Repub-
lican party take is, that if slavery is a sin, you of
the South arc responsible for it. You arc respons-
ible for your own sins; and if slavery be one, we
do not propose to call you to account for it.
Mr. BOiCE. I will come ta that more point-
edly in another part of my argument. Well, sir,
to go into particulars. The Constitution, in es-
tablishing the basis of representation, recognized
slavery as one of the elements of power, in the
distribution of the powers of this Government,
Well, sir, the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Hickman,] the other day, rose and
made an attack upon that clause of the Constitu-
tion; and, sir, does not the philosophy of the Re-
publican party necessarily make an attack upon
that clause of the Constitution? I think so. But
the gentleman from Pennsylvania complains that
that clause of the Constitution docs injustice to
the North. What right has he to complain of it?
Independent republics, confederated together in
this manner, recognized this institution when the
Constitution was formed, and it was agreed that
three fifths of a certain description of the popula-
tion of certain of these republics should be rep-
resented. In the absence of a special provision,
they would all have been entitled to count as the
basis of representation, for one Government has
no right to inquire as to the status of the people
of another, indeed, all the people ought to have
been included in making up the basis of repre-
sentation. There was, then, a concession upon
the part of the South. They could have insisted
on the full representation of their slaves, in which
ease, as was stated by the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Prior] yesterday, the South would have
upon this floor now sixteen more members than
we have. Your free negroes are represented in
full, and yet you complain that three fifths of our
slaves are counted as a part of the basis of repre-
sen tation.
But, sir, that clause of the Constitution is a
logical deduction from a clause ofthe old compact
uixler the Confederacy in reference to direct tax-
ation. When that question game up, the North
took the position that the entire population ofthe
South, including the slaves, should be included
in the apportionment of direct taxes. John Ad-
ams, the second President, held that it makes no
difference, so far as the wealth of a State is con-
cerned, whether tlie population is slave or free;
that slaves may be as productive of wealth as free-
men. Well, sir, the North insisted, as I have
said, upon the entire population of the South be-
ing included in the apportionment of direct tax-
ation. The South compromised in reference to
direct taxation, on the basis of counting three
fifths of the slave population.
The great principle sacred to our ancestors was,
that representation and taxation should go to-
gether; and, when they agreed upon the basis of *
dircct taxation, the basis of representation fol-
lowed as a legitimate consequence.
But, sir, this is not an original idea upon the
partof the gentleman from Pennsylvania. When
did it originate? Why, sir, while General Jack-
son, at the hc^I of the people of the western coun-
try, was driving back tlio British from New Or-
leans, fighting for the sacred soil of the country,
there were delegates from several of the NewEng-
land States assembled at Hartford; and, with a
mostfelicitous propriety, they took thatopportune
moment to propose, among certain other things,
that the southern States should be invited to sur-
render their slave representation.
I tlunk, therefore, sir, that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has been neither original norlmppy
