2274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
velous proper men." Kansas herself,from being
an outlaw, is now almost
"Morality's prim personification,
Perfect past all parallel
Of any female saint's comparison."
"In virtues nothing earthly can surpass her.
Save thine, incomparable oil, Macassar."
Why this change? Who has been moving the
screws in the spectacles? Why this change of
vision? This time he was in full faith and fel-
lowship with the party; and ihe South was sus-
taining him for the nomination for President. He
did not get it.
I say no man that I know of, saving and ex-
cepting one Senator, has proposed what is called
a slave code. It is a misnomer. I say, further,
that it has been the sentiment, expressed on this
floor by every Senator who has spoken, that we
do not desire it, for many reasons. One is suf-
ficient, and that is, that it would be utterly im-
practicable, and not afford the relief which we
desire. But Judge Douglas uses this sort of ex-
pression constantly, that he will not force slavery
on an unwilling people. Who wishes to forcc it
on them? Suppose this Congress were to pass
what is called a slave code, and that it could en-
force it there, \vhat would it be ? It would be a
law which would authorize every man to own
property in man if he desired; and it would force
nobody to buy negroes who did not want them.
It would not force any of those gentlemen in Kan-
sas of tender consciences either to purchase, or to
receive by gift, devise, or descent, slave property.
Only those who wanted it could have it. If the
climate or the soil is not adapted to slavery, those
who made the experiment m the course of a few
years would find that they were paying too much
for the whistle, and would leave the Territory in I
peace and quiet, and go somewhere else, where
slave property was profitable. Why, sir, you say
we want to force slavery on them because we sim-
ply want to protect men who own property, and
give them an opportunity of testing fairly theques-
tionasto whether Mr. Walker's" isothermal line"
will exclude it or will not; and because we wish to
givcafaircxperiment,and letthe people,afterthey
try it for a few years, determine for themselves
whether, when they come to form a State consti-
tution, they will adopt the institution of slavery
or not—because we desire this, you say we want
to force slavery on them !
Suppose that any one of those Territorial Le-
gislatures were to pass laws prohibiting any man
from voting, or from owning property, or fiom
forming the relation of marriage and bastardizing
the children born undet such marriage, not pro-
vided for m their laws, who was not a Protestant;
if Congress were to interpose and repeal any such
law, and establish liberty of conscience and the
freedom of teligion, 1 suppose that Judge Douglas
and " his following" would cry out that we weie
attempting to establish Catholicism, and they
would call an act of that sort an attempt to es-
tablish Catholicism, and appeal to the piejudices
of New England puntanism to break down a
party who were willing to stand by leligious lib-
erty. We have asked no more than that prop-
erty of eveiysort should be protected wherever
the Government has jurisdiction. We could do
the same as to religion, if they were to interfere
with it. That is the whole sum and substance of
our position—the arguments we have used; and
it is a fair statement of the injustice which is at-
tempted to be done by these pretended friends
who have disorganized and distracted the party
and are attempting to destroy it. There is no
desire on our part to force slavery on any people.
JudgeDouoLAs writes leiteisand makes speeches
against reopening the slave trade One would
suppose that it was seriously contemplated. Mr.
Stephens, at picscnt, is his pet. His organ de-
nounces Mr. Yancey as a slave-trader. IIow
stands Mr. Stephens on this question 5 Could j
any argument be more cunningly devised to at- j
tract the southern mind to this question, and make j
it an issue, than the specch of Mr. Stephens de- ■
livered in Georgia last summer? Is he denounced i
by Mr. Douglas? No; there is now but one po- !
litical Democratic heresy—anti-Douglasism. Mr. !
Brown may urge a skue code,and Mr. Stephens I
may insinuate the necessity of the slave trade, j
and it is all well—very well; but, if Yancey, act- !
ing under ihe instructions of his State, will not !
support Douglas, he is to be immolated. Let
me read an extract from Mr. Stephens'?? speech,
delivered on the 2d July last:
" On this point of extension, however, fellow-citizens, I
deem it my duty to repeat what ! said m I860, when we
had just come out of the great struggle over the territorial
policy of the Government—whatever abstract rights of ex-
tension and expansion we may have secured m the settle-
ment of that policy, you may not expecttoscemany of the
Tenitories come into the Union as slave States, unless we
have an increase of African stock. The law of population
will prevent. We have not the people. Boundaries by
i rivers or mountains do not make Stated. It take.- people to
make States ; and it icqunes people of the African laee to
make slave States. This requires no argument; and I very
much question whether, with our present stock of that pop-
ulation, we can lurnish the lequisite number to secure
mote than the four States to conn' out ot Texas in the pres-
ent Territories of the Union. To look for, or expectmany
more, is to look in vain, without a foreign supply. This
question the people of the South should examine in its
length and breadth. It is one deserving consideration of
the gravest character. It deeply concerns our internal in-
terests and domestic policy, as well as the growth and ex-
tension of our institutions. It should not be acted on or
decided hastily or lashly, but calmly and delibeiatejy. I
only picsent it to you tor such consideration; arid espe-
cially with the view of impiessmg \ou with this gicattiuth
beforehand, that if there are but lew more slave States ad-
mitted into the Union, it will not necessarily be m conse-
quence of Abolitionism, or Wihnot provisoism, but tor the
want of the light soit of population to settle and colonize
I them with, it is useless to wage war on those who may
1 withhold congressional legislation to protect slave propeity
in the Teiruoues, or to quanel amongst cmselves, and ac-
cuse each other ot unsoundness on tharquotion, unless we
get more All ic.ins to send thete to be protected. 1 give you
no opinion upon the subject except tins: that, without an
UK icuse ol Alucan slaves fiom abioad, jou may not expect
or look for many more slave Stares. If the policy ot this
countiy, settled in its eatJy histoiy, of prohibitum luithcr
imputations oi unmigiations ol this class ol population is
to be adheied to, the iaee of competition between U- and
our brethren ot the .Voith,m the colonization ot new State-,
which heretoioie has been so well maintained by u , will
soon have to be abandoned.'5
But it is said by Judge Douglas that this is a
judicial question. I regret that he is not here. I
should like to know what he calls a judicial ques-
tion. Cant phrases got currency, and people use
them without any delmite meaning. There is no
coming to any understanding, unless you define
the tonus that you use. What is a judicial ques-
tion? 1 do notknow really what they moan. Was
the Missouri restriction a judicial question? It is
i a question that has been decided upon by the Su-
! promo Court of the United States, and yet Judge
j Douglas voted for repealing the Missouri restric-
1 tion. A judicial question! That was a judicial
j question if theio was one; that is, if every ques-
' tion which can get into a court of law and be de-
■ cided by a court is a judicial question. How is
; it that the Kansas question is any more a judicial
; question than the Missouri restriction ? Was the
I bank of the United States a judicial question > The
' Supreme Court of the United States decided it.
How then is this a judicial question, and there-
fore so sacrcd that it is not to be touched with
the sacrilegious hands ot the Federal Legislature?
Why, sir, there is a groat deal of what Loid Den-
man calls " law taken for granted," and there is
• a good deal more than that taken foi giantud.
These cant plnases that men use without any
meaning are among them. Lt is a doctrine of the
Democratic party that no political question can
be a judicial one; that the Supreme Court was
never organized for the purpose of settling the po-
litical poweis of the Government, but for settling
simply questions of meum and tuum between in-
dividuals, persons subject to the proccss of the
court, againstwhom judgments can be entered and
execution issued. Those are judicial questions.
This is the extent of the power of the Supreme
Court, and it has no political power, and its decis-
\ ion is not worth the paper that it is written upon,
| so far as concerns settling the constitutionality of
t any act of Congress, or of any act of a Legislature,
| or of any other thing that is done by the political :
' authority of theGoverument. That is the doctrine j
ol the Democratic party. It was a doctrine that !
wasadvocated by Chief Justice Marshall before he j
was put upon the bench, in the celebrated Jona- j
than Robins case—Nash, alias Ilobms. When .
it came up for discussion m the Congress of the t
United States, upon resolutions of Edward Liv- !
ingston, whilst General Maishall, afterwaids ■
Judge Marshall, was a member of Congress, he ;
used this language: j
l>ut it ha.-! been contended that, although Thomm Nash
ou^ht to have been deliveied up to' the Btmsh Minuter on
tiie requisition made by ban in the name of his Govern-
ment, jet the mteifereiiee of the Tiesident was imptoper.
"This, Mr, Marshall said, led to his second proposition,
which was:
"That the case was a case for executive, and not judi-
cial decision. He admitted implicitly the division of pow-
ers stated by the gentleman tioin New York, and that it
was the duty of each department to resist the encroaoh-
ments of the otheis.
"This being established, the inquiry \va«, to what de-
partment was the power in question allotted ?
The gentleman irorn New York had iciied on the sec-
ond acction of the third article of the Constitution, which
enumeiates the cases to which the judicial power of the
United States extends, as expressly including that now
under consideration. Beiore he examined that section, it
would not be improper to notice a very material misstate-
ment of it made in the resolutions offered by the gentleman
from New York. By the Constitution, the judicial power
ot the United States is extended to all cases m laiv and equity
aiding under the Constitution, laws, and tioaties of the
United States; but the lesolutions declare the judicial
power to extend to all questions aiismg under the Consti-
tution, treaties, and laws ot the United States. The differ-
ence between the Constitution and the resolutions was
material and apparent. A case m law or equity was a term
well understood, and of limited signification. It was aeon-
troveisy between parties which had taken a shape tor ju
dicial decision. If the judicial power extended to eveiy
question under the Constitution, it would involve almost
ever) subject proper foi legislative discussion and decision;
it to every question under the laws and treaties of the Uni-
ted States, it would involve almost everv subject on which
the Executive could act. The division of power which the
gentleman had stated eouid exist no longer, and the other
depaitments would be swallowed up by the judiciaiy. But
it was apparent that the resolutions had essentially mis-
represented the Constitution. He did not chaige the gen-
tleman from New I*or/:\vith intentional imsiepi escalation ;
he would not attnbute to hun such an artifice in any case,
much less in a cast* wheie detection was so easy and so
oeiLun. Ytt this substantial depaiture fiom the Constitu-
tion, in resolutions affecting *uhstantially to unite it, was
not less worthy of lemaik lor being unintentional. It man-
ifested the course ot reasoning by which the gentleman had
himself been misled, and his judgment betrayed into the
opmions those resolutions expressed.
k* By extending the judicial power to all cases in law and
equity, the Constitution had never been understood to con-
fei on that department any political power whatever. To
come within this descnption, a question must assume a
legal ioim for forensic litigation and judicial decision.
There must be paities to come into couit, who can be
icached by its pieces* and bound by its pouer; whose
rights admit of ultimate decision by a tnbunal to which
they are bound to submit.
" Acascin lawoi equity piopoi for judicial decision mav
arise under a treaty, wheie thoughts ol mdiwduuls acquired
or seemed by a treaty are to be a-soited or defended m com t.
Ah under the fouith o; sixth ailtele of the tieaty oi peace
with Grout JUitaui, or under tho-e aiticles ot our late
tioaties with France, Prussia, and other nations, which
sccuie to the subjects ot those nations then piopeity within
the United States; or, as would be an aiticle winch, in-
stead of stipulating to deliver up an oifendei, should stip-
i uiatc hi* punishment, ptovided the case was punishable by
i the laws and m the couitsol the United Stata. l)ut the
| judicial powui cannot extend to political compact--, a~, the
! establishment ot the boundary line between the Amoiican
; and iJnti* h dominions; the case of the late guarantee m out
tieaty with J'ru/uc; or the case of the dohveiv of a mur-
deiei undei the twenty-seventh aiticle of our present treaty
with itain.>>
Here, then, where a treaty provides for the de-
livery up of fugitives from justice, Judge Mar-
shall—then General Marshall—a member of Con-
gress, in a most elaboiutely-considcred speech on
that question—a most able one, as everything
irom him was—distinctly and expressly drew
the distinction between judicial power and politi-
cal power; and he says that, as to a treaty of that
sort, it was a matter within the bosom of the
Picsidi'Ut himself, with which the courts hud
nothing to do; and that the President is not to be
bound or governed by the decisions of the courts,
and the treaties have the same binding elicet as
the Constitution itself. What was the position
of General Jackson? I am not m the habit of
quoting the fathers for authority, except where
there is some reason in them; but it is known
that the Senator from Illinois assumes that this is,
per sc, a judicial question. Now, was the United
States bank, per se, a judicial question r The Su-
premo Court of the United Statu? decided, alter
elaborate argument and careful consideration, that
the bank of the United States was one of the
departments of the Government, a part of the
machinery of the Government, that it was consti-
tutional; yet General Jackson vetoed it, and he
used this language:
'• It is maintained by the advocates of the batik, that its
conotitutionahty, mull it-. ieatu;e>, ought to be considered
as settled by pioccdont, and hj the decision of the Supreme
Couit. To this cotiehwon icamiot absent. Mere prece-
dent i> a dan^'Mou , source of authoiav, and should not be
legauh'd as deeuhng question.-, of co'isututional power, ex-
cept wheie the acquiescence of th<* people una the States
can he eonrkkicd a-weil settled *
It the opinion of the rfuprei^e Cou't co\ eied ihe whole
ground of tm^ act. it ought i;0t to eontioj the co nhnate
authorities ol thi.-, Government. The Congiess, tiie exec-
utive, and the couit, must each for itself be guided by its
