1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1331
Amount brought forward $7,912 20
In the Grand Jury Room.
h h One largo sofa  00
k k One large table  60 00
oo One writing desk  75-00
f / One vvashstand and sink  39 00
k Eighteen jurors' chairs and cushions,
at$6 each     10S 00
n Eight spittoons, at each  £00
Four inkstands, at $2 each  8 00
Carpeting, eighty-four yaids, at $2
per yard, and laying the same, at
thirtv-seven and a half cents per
yard     •    19® 50
Curtains,fixtures, and bl imls for three
windows, at $35 each  105 00
g Four gas fixtures, at $10 each  40 00
708 50
In the Petit Jury Room.
11 One large (able  60 00
m m One writing desk  75 00
//
k
One wa«hstand and sink.    30 00
Thirteen jurors' chahs, with cush-
ions, at §6 each  78 00
Three inkstands, at ©--2 each  6 00
Seven spittoons, at $1 each  7 00
Three gas fixtures, at $10 each  00
Curtains, fixtuies, and blinds for two
windows, at $35 each  70 00
Carpeting, forty-six yards, at $2 per
yard, and laying the same, at thirty-
seven and a half cents per yard... 109 25
465 25
Total §9.085 95
The small letters in the margin refer to ground plans and
drawings of elevations Nos. 1,2, 3, 4.
Examined and found corrcct, and allowed.
M. HALL MCALLISTER, Judge, fyc.
San Francisco, March 4, 1856.
United States District Attorney's Office,
San Francisco, March 12, 1856.
T hereby certify that the above account, m my opinion,
is correct, and should be allowed. S. W. INGE.
Theabove account is. in my opinion, correct and just.
W. II. HICHAM: SON,
United Slates Maishal,
By W. Mclvin Smith, Deputy.
United States Marshal's Office, March 12, 1856.
Mr. FOOT. My purpose, Mr. President, is
fully answered in having called the attention of
the Senate to this account. The reading of the
account I regard as a more emphatic and a more
eloquent speech against its allowance than I or
any other member could make.
Mr. IVERSON. I admit, and so did the com-
mittee, and so must every man that looks at this
case, that the furniture with which the courts in
San Francisco have been embellished, was of the
most extravagant and princely character, such as
would really have been more fitting for a prince
or a king than a district court, grand jury, and
petit jury, of the United States. The articles
furnished were of the most extravagant character;
the prices are doubtless very high; but the com-
mittee, on looking at the case, came to this con-
clusion, that although it was the most extravagant
fitting up of any court-room in the United States,
and far beyond what was necessary or proper,
the person who furnished the articles was not to
blame. What is to be done with him? This
man, McPherson, made a contract with the mar-
shal to furnish these rooms. The marshal desig-
nated what furniture should be put in them. It
was no fault of the contractor. He has furnished
the goods. Doubtless he had to pay for them
himself, and at that time all these articles com-
manded a high price in San Francisco. Every-
thing, as the Senate will remember, was on the
high-pressure system on the Pacific coast at that
time.
Mr. GRIMES. What time was it >
Mr. IVERSON. Several years ago. I do not
remember the precise time. It was while every-
thing was very high in San Francisco; but even
if that were not so, this man McPherson has fur-
nished the articles under contract with the mar-
shal, and the Government has had the use of the
property; and what is to be done with him? He
has had nothing. You reject the bill; and say
you will not p'ay this contractor a cent, because
the judge and the marshal and the district attor-
ney have bought extravagant furniture !
The committee thought that the best plan was
to refer this question to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and let him examine the case, and allow such
in • .     Kir. iii/lrrrrtnilf 1111.
can be managed. You cannot cay that-this party, I
who lias sold his goods to the Government, and
when the Government lias used his goods, shall
not have a dollar, because, forsooth, the goods are
of such a high character that the district attorney
and this judge ought never to have purchased them.
He ouglit to"have something, of course. You can-
not treat him with the injustice of saying that he
shall not have a dollar for his goods, because, for-
sooth, the parties who purchased them purchased
them without authority.
Mr. BROWN. It seems to me that my friend
from Georgia mistakes the case in this; he talks
about the Government having purchased the
goods. The Government did 110 such thing. The
Government officers, without authority of law,
have gone forward and contracted extravagant
debts upon the credit of the Government, and then
come and ask you t#foot the bill. If the mar-
shal and district attorney did this, I ask by what
authority did those officers undertake to contract
for goods worth $18,000, to furnish a court-room?
If they can do it in San Francisco, why not in
every court-room ill the country ? It they can do
it in reference to court-rooms, why not in refer-
ence to post offices and everything else; and then
shall a man come here and say, "because I fur-
nished these things to your officer, you are bound
to pay me?" If the officer commits an act out-
side of his official duty, it is without authority,
and 110 more binding 011 the Government than the
act of the Senator from Georgia, or myself. If
these officers had the right to furnish the room in
this princely style, they could only have it fiom
the Government. If the Government gave the
authority, the Government is bound. If theGov-
ernment did not give the authority, then the offi-
cers acted on their own responsibility; and the
tradesmen who sold the goods to them must look
to the officers themselves, and to nobody else, for
footing any such bill.
I had thought, and still think, we have a law
which denies to Government officers the right to
contract debts and then coerce the Government
into the payment of them; and I will not relax
that lulein reference to officers anywhere, m Cali-
fornia, or in Mississippi, or in any oilier State.
These officers, so far as I am instructed by the re-
port or by the speech of the Senator from Georgia,
have acted entirely above and independent of the
law. They have rendered themselves.personally
responsible for the looting of this bill. Why,
Mr. President, how are these things done? The
whole Federal court-house ill the State from which
I come scarccly cost so much money as the fur-
nishing of this room, and in some of the other
States I dare bay they cost still less. Hut what-
ever Ihe cost was in my State, or in other States,
it was incurred by a direct act of Congress au-
thorizing the appropriation to be made. Ill the
scat of Government of my own State, the post
office, the most important in the State, is kept 111
a wretched, miserable shanty, your Government
refusing even to pay rent foi a post office, much
less to establish one by law. We have appealed,
and appealed 111 vain, to this Government to give us
a proper post office there. They refuse; and yet.
Government officials can go and run the Govern-
ment in debt $18,000 for furnishing a room 111 S<m
Francisco, and then, under the plea of my inend
from Georgia, we are to foot the bill. So far as 1
am concerned, sir, I will do 110 such thing. If the
marshal and district attorney thought proper to
play the lord and to furnish a room in this regal
style, let them be responsible to the tradesman,
and the next tradesman who sells his goods to
such men will be very apt to look to their respon-
sibility Foot this bill, and how many more just
such bills you will have to foot, Heaven only
knows. I will stop the thing, so far as I am con-
| cerned, right here, by refusing to pay one dollar
! of the money. ,.
' Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Missis-
sippi has fallen into one or two errois 111 reference
to this matter. The bill meiely proposes to refer
the subject to the Secretary of the Interior, m or-
dor that be may pay what he deems to bo just,
after an investigation. There was evidence be-
forft-ihe committee, so I am informed, that author-
ity was given to the judge of the circuit couit* in
California, to make contracts for renting a house
and with Mr. McPherson this
house was rented, it had to be furnished. The
fault was in the judge of the court or 111 the mar-
shal, in ordering such sumptuous furniture, but
this gentleman merely got the furniture that he was
instructed to put there. Ho was not to look to
see whether they exceeded theirautliority or not.
If they wanted the court-room furnished, (agd au-
thority to them to have it furnished was certainly
implied in the lease of the building,) it was not
for him to say to the judge of the court or the
marshal, " You are putting too sumptuous fur-
niture here; the Government will not stand this."
The blame, no doubt, rests on them; but he was
not the person, as a tradesman, to find fault with
them for disobeying die orders which necessarily
devolved on them from their position.
Now, Mr. President, we do not ask that this
amount of §18,000 shall be paid. If he has been
foolish enough to make this contract, let him suf-
fer; but wetlo ask that lie shall have something,
and that the Government shall not enjoy his prop-
erty, shall not take it from him, and then throw
him back on what would be necessarily an action
that could not be maintained against the officers
of the court.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The $9,000, the ac-
count of which lias been read, is but for the fur-
nishing of two rooms, I understand; but two
other rooms, supposed to bo equally necessary,
have also been furnished for a like sum, making;
the aggregate $18,000.
Mr. BRAGG. If the Senator will allow me to
intenupt him, I think he is mistaken in that re-
spect. Here is the report, which mentions $9,000.
One of the sums, $9,000, was for the rent of the
building. There is another sum of $9,000, stat-
ing it in round numbers, for furnishing; and the
present memorialist was the contractor in both
instances. He owned the building, and fur-
nished'it.    
Mr. CRITTENDEN, It was $18,000 in all.
Mr BRAGG. Eighteen thousand dollars in all.
But I apprehend the #9,000 for the building have
been paid, inasmuch as the Department approved
of the lease. The furniture is nowin controversy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The question now is
altogether independent of the rent of the house.
That has been approved ipf by the Department,
and is a complete transaction. I do not often in-
trude myself on the Senate on such questions;
but this strikes me as so extraordinary, and so
palpable an instance of extravagance, that I can-
not forbear to speak a word in condemnation of
it, and of all the parties, high and Ipw, who were
involved in it, and I make no exception; I am no
respecter of persons, at all.
Mr. FOOT. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to correct a misapprehension of the Senator
from North Carolina? Only one of two accounts
was read; that is the account for the furnishing
of the circuit court-room of the United States^, a
rented room for the use of the circuit court. Th«
amount for the furnishing of that room, and the
judge's room, and jury room, &c., was read,
amounting to over nine thousand dollars. There
is another like amount for furnishing the rooms
for the district court of the United States, amount-
ing to over nine thousand dollars. The furniture
for the two rooms amounts to over eighteen
thousand dollars, independent of the rent of the
building. .,
Mr CRITTENDEN. Now, Mr. President,
unless we pay these prices, will this property bo
ours? The property may be worth $18,000. 1
rather think it is not. We cannot make theprop-
erty our own unless we pay the price that is de-
manded. Suppose we reduce thisraccountto what
would furnish plainly and suitably a court-room.
We cannot make a bargain all on our own side
and say, "all this fine property is ours for tins
modest price." What is the consequence of our
paying this bill, or authorizing anybody else to
pay it? Suppose we reduce it: does it make the
. property ours > I say, let these people take their
j property, let them settle the responsibilities among
i themselves. If the judge has approved of this, I
say hfc is equally culpable* If the marshal has
! approved of it, he is culpable, and ought to be.
j dismissed from office. I will not condemn the
! humble agents in this matter, and spare the pnn-
| cipals. There is no department of this Govern-
i ment that has increased in extravagance and in ex-
j pense more than the judiciary has within the last
1 few years, and we see now the sources of it.
