3220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
ton, Burnhaan, Carey, Case, Clopton, Cobb, Colfax, Craw-
foid, Curry,Dunn, Ferry, Foster, French, GartrcH, Graham,
Grow, Hall, Hardeman, Hatton, Houston, William A.
Howaid, Humphrey, Hutchins, Jones, Landrum, DeWitt
C. Loach, James M. JLeach, Lee, Loomis, Love, Mavnard,
McQueen, Millson, Sydenham Moore, Olin, Perry, Pcttit,
Phelps, Porter, Potter, Q,uaries, Cluistopher Robinson,
Royce, Muffin, Scianion, Sedgwick, William Smith, Wil-
liam N. II. Smith, Spaulding, Spinnei, Stanton, Steven-
son, Stratton, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Van Wyek,
Verrce, Wade, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, and
Wmslow—71.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, two
thirds not voting therefor.
During- the vote,
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Dawes, was paired with Mr. Hardeman.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that he regretted his pair
with Mr. McKean, as it prevented him from
voting to suspend the rules on this case.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
PHILADELPHIA POST OFFICE.
Mr. FLORENCE. I now call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which House bill No.
814, for the erection of a post office in the city of
Philadelphia, was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. The bill
does not take a dollar out of the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman cannot ob-
ject. I have the right to call up the motion to
reconsider; and, if I desire, I can occupy the floor
for sixty minutes. All that the bill does is to de-
vote the appropriations already made to the erec-
tion of a building in Philadelphia for the pur-
poses of a post officc and court-house. The facts
of the case, as they are stated in the report of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roods, are
these; it appears that, on the 18th of August,
1856, a law was passed by Congress authorizing
the purchase of tne site and building of the Penn-
sylvania Bank, for the purposes of a post office.
By the same act, $50,000 were appropriated for
changing and refitting it for a post office. At the
same time, and embodied in the same act, an ap-
propriation of $78,000 was made for the purchase
of the American Philosophical Hall, for the use
of the United States courts. Owing to a defective
title, this property has never been purchased by
the Government. On the 3d of March, 1857, a
further appropriation of $100,000 was made by
Congress for the purpose of refitting the Penn-
sylvania Bank building for the purposes of a post
officc; but soon after the work had been entered
upon, and about twenty thousand dollars had
been expended in refitting the building, the work
was suspended by order of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. During the ensuing session of Congress, a
commission was raised, consisting of the Post-
master General, Attorney General, and Secretary
of the Treasury, to proceed to Philadelphia and
investigate the whole matter, and report their
views thereon. Accordingly, on the 1st of De-
cember, 1858, the commissioners reported. This
report favored the sale of the Pennsylvania Bank
property, (estimating it to be worth $100,000,
though the price paid by the Government was
$250,000.) They also favored the idea of pur-
chasing a new location for the post office, on
Chestnut street, adjoining the custom-house.
The next action had by Congress upon this
subject was the passage of a law authorizing the
sale of the Pennsylvania Bank for a sum not less
than §127,000, and the American Philosophical
Hall lor §78,000—a piece of property for which
the United States never had a title to, and which,
therefore, it could not sell and convey—the pro-
ceeds from which sales, together with the unex-
pended balance of the §100,000 appropriated in
4.857 for refitting the Pennsylvania Bank building
for a post office, were directed to be expended in
the purchase of two lots on Chestnut street, next
adjoining the custom-house, and for the erection
of a post office building thereon. The Pennsyl-
vania Bank property was subsequently put in
market, and, although the friends of the Chestnut
street location subscribed §15,000 as a bonus to be
paid to any purchaser who would take the Penn-
sylvania Bank property at the price specified in
thfc ftct, still no one was found to take it on those
terms. The fact is made patent that either the
Pennsylvania Bank or the location on Chestnut
street would substantially accommodate the busi-
ness interests of the city, and that much of the
delay and difficulty and loss to the Government
has been owing to a scramble among property
holders to sell lots, and of money brokers to ob-
tain commissions in making sales. In view of all
the facts, it is .believed that a law ought to be
passed authorizing the sale of the Pennsylvania
Bank for a sum not less than $110,000. That the
§78,000 appropriated for the purchase of the Amer-
ican Philosophical Hall, and the unexpended bal-
ances of $50,000 made August 18, 1856, and the
$100,000 appropriated 3d March, 1857, for the
purpose of refitting the Pennsylvania Bank for a
post office, is reappropiiated, making—
Pennsylvania Batik $110,000
American Philosophical Hall  7b,000
Unexpended balance, about  *  130,000
@318,000
Of this sum $161,000 is appropriated for the
purchase of the Levy and Baily lots, next adjoin-
ing the custom-house, and being about (together)
fifty-seven by two hundred and twenty-five feet,
and the balance, $157,000, is to be expended in
the erection of a suitable building on said lots for
a post office, and for the holding of the United
States courts; and it is provided further that no
other or further sum shall be asked for or granted
by Congress to the city of Philadelphia for such
purposes.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has that bill passed the
Senate?
Mr. FLORENCE. It passed the Senate at the
last Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest that there is a
class of private claims which have passed the
Court of Claims and the Senate which ought to
be acted on by this House before we go to any
other business.
Mr. FLORENCE. This bill does not appro-
priate a single dollar from the Treasury. It only
directs how money already appropriated shall be
used for the purpose indicated. 1 call the pre-
vious question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. JONES I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion to re-
consider was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I raise the
point of order that this bill must have its first con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, as it appropriates money.
Mr. TIELM1CK. It makes no appropiiation.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. It provides for
the use of over one hundred thousand dollars
appropriated in 1857. Two years from the date
of the passage of that act that $100,000 reverted
to the Treasury.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir; it is
invested in buildings in Philadelphia, purchased,
by the United States.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. This appro-
priates this money, to all intents and purposes;
and I make the point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Bingham
in the chair.) The Clnur sustains the point of
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the rules be
suspended, that the bill may be considered in the
House.
Mr. PHELPS. Let the bill be read.
The biil was read in extertso. It provides that
the proviso of the third section of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1860,11 passed March 3, 1859, shall be
repealed; that if the premises agreed to be pur-
chased by the United States from the American
Philosophical Society as a site for a court-house,
mentioned in the third section, should fail to sell,
on account of any defect or qualification in the
title thereto, then the sum of $78,000, appropri-
ated by the act of August 18, 1856, entitled uAn
act making appropriations for certain civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1857,"for the purchase and payment of
the same, together with the unexpended balance
of the sum of $50,000, appropriated by the act
of March 3, 1859> for the purpose of making al-
terations to the building thereby authorized to be
purchased of the Bank of Pennsylvania, and the
sum of $100,000, appropriated by the act of March
3, 1857, for completing and furnishing the build-
ing purchased of the Bank of Pennsylvania, and
to adapt it to the use of a post office, at Philadel-
phia, .shall be applied to carrying out the provis-
ions of the fourth section of the act of March 3,
1859, in the following manner: first, for the pur-
chase of the lots mentioned and described in the
fourth section as the Baily and Levy lots, at prices
not exceeding the sums mentioned in the fourth
section, and then for the construction of a build-
ing on the lots suitable for a post office and court-
house; provided the property purchased from the
Bank of Pennsylvania be sold at a price not less
than $110,000.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed to.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was then discharged from the further con-
sideration of said bill, and it was brought before
the House for action.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 543) for the relief of Mar-
garet Whitehead;
An act (H. R. No. 513) for the relief of Hock -
aday & Liggit;
An act (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Peay
& Ayhflb;
An act (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of Mrs.
A. W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Eben
S. Hanscomb;
An act (H. R. No. 195) to confirm certain
private land claijns in the Territory of New
Mexico;
An act (II. R. No. 189) for the relief of the legal
representatives of the estate of CharlesII. Mason;
An act (II. R. No. 240) for the relief of Cassius
M. Clay;
An act (II. R. No. 118) to confirm certain
private land claims in the State of Missouri; and
An act (H. R. No. 804) providingfor the pun-
ishment of marshals and deputy marshals of the
United States, or other ministerial officers, for
permitting the escape of prisoners in their cus-
tody.
E. GEORGE SQTJIER.
Mr. HILL. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 511) for the relief of E. George
Squier, of New York.
Mr. JONES. I object.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
'of the Treasury to pay to E George Squier, of
New York, the sum of $9,937, in full, for outfits
to the Republics of Central America, and balance
of salary due him as minister of the United States
to said Republics.
It appears from the report, that Mi. Squier was
commissioned charge d'affaires of the United
States to Guatemala on the 2d of April, 1849; that
besides this commission he was formally accred-
ited as charge d'affaires to the Republics of San
Salvador, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and Honduras,
with full poweis to negotiate treaties with each
of these Governments, and did actually negotiate
treaties with Guatemala, San Salvador, Nicara-
gua, Costa Rica, and Honduras, and most faith-
fully and efficiently represented the interests of
the United States at each of these Governments;
