1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that his services were regarded by the President
and the Department of State as of great import-
ance at an interesting period of our history in
connection with those States, and also in connec-
tion with our then pending negotiations with
Great Britain. He claims an outfit to each of
these Governments to which he was accredited,
and also the amount of salary from the date of
his leaving Central America (28th June, 1850,) to
the termination of his services, (13th September,
1850.)
Mr. BARKSDALE. I think there will be no
objection to the passage of this bill.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. HILL. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of discharging the committee from
the further consideration of this bill, for the pur-
pose of now putting it on its passage.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The bill has been re-
ported unanimously by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and the money should have been paid
long ago.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I will say to
the House this is one of the most meritorious
claims that ever came before the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. PEYTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Georgia how it happened that this man was
not paid by the proper accounting officers, if there
was authority of law for it?
Mr. HILL. There was no authority of law
previous to the act of 1856.
Mr. SICKLES. There was no appropriation;
but the services were rendered by the direction of
the State Department.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed to.
So the Committee of the Whole House was
discharged from the further consideration of said
bill, and it was brought before the House for con-
sideration.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed,and
read a third lime; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HILL. I move the previous question upon
the passage of the hill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation (hereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed , and also moved to lay
the moLion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patto!?, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate have receded from their
amendments to the bill of the House (No. 339)
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861, numbered
twelve, thirteen, fourteen, and nineteen; agree to
the amendments of the House to their amend-
ments numbered eighteen and twenty; insist on
their amendments disagreed to by the House;
agree to the conference asked for by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on; and have appointed Mr. Pearce, Mr. Nich-
olson, and Mr. Wade, the managers at the said
conference on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate have reconsidered their
agreement; have disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill of the Senate (No. 104) for
the final adjustment of private land claims ill the
Stales of Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Mis-
souri, and for other purposes; ask a conference
with the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and have appointed Mr.
Sebastian, Mr. Polk, and Mr. Doolittle, the
managers at the said conference on the part of the
Senate.
By unanimous consent, it was ordered that the
House insist on its amendments, disagreed to by
the Senate, to the said bill of the Senate No 104,
and agree to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
The Speaker subsequently appointed Mr, Da-
vidson, Mr. Hoakd, and Mr. Woopson, the
managers at the said conference on the part of tlje
House.
Mr. WINSLOWt I ant directed, by the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the naval appropriation bill,
Ho report that, after afull and free conference, they
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend
to their respective Houses, that the Senate do
recede from the second and seventh amendments;
that the House of Representatives do recede from
itsdisagreement to the fifth and eighth amendments
of the Senate; that the Senate do concur in the
amendment of the House of Representatives to
the sixth amendment of the Senate; and that the
House of Representatives do concur in the ninth,
tenth, eleventh, and twelfth amendments of the
Senate, with an amendment, as follows;
Strike out Senate amendments numbers nine, ten, eleven,
anil twelve, and in heu thereof insert:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the cum of ยง10,000 be,
and hereby is, appropriated, to enable the President to send
some competent person or persons to the Isthmus ot Chiri-
qui, whose duty it shall be to examine into and report upon
the quality and probable quantity of coal to be found there
on the lands of the Chiriqui Improvement Company, upon
the character of the haibois oi Chiriqui iauoon andUoMito,
upon the practicability of building a railroad across said
isthmus, co as to connect said harboi*, and generally upon
the value of the privileges contracted for in a conditional
contiactmadc on the 21-tday ot May, 1859,between Isaac
Toueey, the Secretary of the Nav> of the United States,
and Ambrose VV. Thompson and the Chiriqui Improvement
Company.
The committee also recommcnd the adoption
of the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued as a ratification of the said contiact.
The question was taken on agreeing to the re-
port of the conference committee; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. WINSLOW moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM G. BERNARD.
Mr. PALMER. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of discharging the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar from
the further consideration of House bill No. 670,
granting an increase of pension to William G.
Bernard, late a soldier in the United States Army.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended,and the
Committee of the "Whole House was dischaiged
from the further consideration of the bill.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of William G. Bernard, of New
York, on the roll of invalid pensions, at the rate
of twenty-five dollars per month, commencing- on
the 11th of June, 1859, in lieu of the pension he
now receives.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
William G. Bernard, on the 16th of November,
1857,at Boston, enlisted in company B, fust regi-
ment of diagoons, and under the command of
Captain John W. Dawdson; that he had been,
prior to hisenlistment, an accountant; that he was
with his company ordered to Fort Buchanan, in
New Mexico, and from thence to Fort Tejon, in
California. At the latter place, there being an
occasion for the use of lumber for the garrison,
he was ordered by the commanding officer of the
post, Lieutenant Colonel Beall, to work in the
Government saw-mill; and while so employed,
lie was accidentally thrown upon a circular saw
while feeding it, by which casualty his right arm
was so severely mutilated that he entirely lost the
use of his right hand. He was also severely
wounded in the head and face, part of which is
sawed off, losing portions of the left molar and
lower maxillary, and right superciliary ridge,
leaving but the wreck of a man, who is totally
disabled from obtaining lus subsistence by labor.
All the foregoing facts arc fully proven by the
certificate of discharge and by the certificate of
the United States surgeon, The petitioner has
been allowed a p( nsion of eight dollars pormonth
by the Commissioner of Pensions, being the ex-
tent permitted by law to be allowed him. Under
all the circumstances, the committee think the
petitioner entitled to an increase of pension, hav-
ing been mutilated in performing labor foreign
to that he was enlisted to perform, and they are
of opinion that twenty-five dollars per month is a
! very moderate compensation-for the loss he has
suffered,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is merit in
this bill; but a pension of twenty-five dollars per
month to a private soldier is without precedent
in the history of the country.
Mr. PHELPS. Make it sixteen dollars, and
let it go.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. And that is double
the ordinary pension.
Mr. LARRABEE, This is really a meritori-
ous bill. Here was a young man, m the prime
of life, only thirty years of age, who is abso-
lutely a wreck, through his having been ordered
to attend a service outside of his regular duties1.
He cannot help himself at all, and cannot support
himself. His jaw is cut in two, so that he can
only cat soft food; and he merely asks that this
pension be granted to him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man if there is a precedent in the history of the
Government of a private soldier being allowed
twenty-five dollars a month?
Mr. LARRABEE. I do not care if there is no
precedent for it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 ask leave to introduce
a bill authorizing a loan, and providing for the
redemption of Treasury notes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that bill,
Mr. CRAWFORD. I'move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FARNS WORTH called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were suspended, and the bill was
introduci d.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would state that this
is precisely the same bill which was offered yes-
terday by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Davis,]
The bill was read a first time.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The mouon'was disagreed to.
The bill was then read a second time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will allow it to be debated.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Oh, no; I cannot do that.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I should like
to say something against it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. CRAWFORD moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HELMICK moved to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The till was then rend in extenso.
Mr SHERMAN. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Georgia a question, if he will
allow me.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to know if the Sen-
ate are considering the tariff bill?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will state to the gentle-
man from Ohio that the Senate is in executive
session, and is not considering the tariff bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state this: that if
there is the least prospect of the Senate passing
the tariff bill, I think we ought not to pass this
bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I will state that I have made
inquiry, and my information is, that there is no
expectation that the tariff bill will pass the Sen-
ate.
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a question of order.
