1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SIS
firmed, as correct by the highest judicial tribunal
known to the Conbtitution, and finally supported
even by the Republicans themselves.
So much for Republican consistency.
So much for the potency of Republican denun-
ciation .
With such examples as these fresh in my mem-
ory, I was not disappointed that the vials of Re-
publican wrath were opened upon the conference
bill; and I could not fail to recognize the terms
"fraud," "swindle," "iniquity," and the vari-
ous other choice epithets by them so profusely
applied—some of them now echoed, second-hand,
by the gentleman from New York—as my old
acquaintances of 1854. It is only necessary to
refer to the debate on the Nebraska bill to ascer-
tain where this talk about " shilly-shally, namby-
pamby, nasty," measures originated. Colonel
Benton, I believe, originated it; the Republican
party caught it up, and, after wearing it thread-
bare, very appropriately turned it over to the
gentleman from New York, to be reintroduced
upon this floor. In a word, sir, I expected the
country to be ser?#d with a rehash of the same
old anti-Nebraska bill dish, and was not in the
least disappointed in my expectations. Nor was
I alarmed at the threatened violence of the Oppo-
sition, or the prospect of temporary defeat to the
Democratic party.
Sir, it has been well said of that party that " it
was cradled in storm and reared in tribulation;"
and 1 rejoice that it is never deterred from adopt-
ing a policy because it may run countcr to popu-
lar prejudice or excite violent opposition. That
party confides in " the sober second thought of
the people," and dares to do right under any and
all circumstances.
FALSE AND FRIVOLOUS OBJECTIONS TO THE CON-
FERENCE BILL.
Sir, objections to the conference bill sprung up
as fast as party ingenuity or malignity could de-
vise them. Some of these %ere so absurd and
totally destitute of foundation as to be entirely
unworthy of notice. I will give one extract from
a leading Republican paper m my own State, as
a specimen of the kind of warfare waged against
the bill, and I may premise that the charge therein
made has not, as far as I know, been retracted to
this day. Ilere it is:
" The English substitute for Green's K;ui-a> bill gives the
■riof suffrage to all the niogcrs in Kansas, thctcby
placing them on an equality with the wliitc man! The
rascals hoped to hide tins by making a noise over the neg-
lect of the JLcavenwoith convention to mseit the woirt
'white' before ' male citizen' in the article of their con-
stitution relating to the qualifications of electors."
This is but one of a multitude of similarly un-
founded paragraphs I might produce from the Re-
publican press; but 1 let them pass as beneath
notice.
The preamble of the hill was held to be objection-
able by some who ought to have known that the
language complained of was the same in the Crit-
tenden-Montgomery amendment for which their
own party voted. Others held that the objection-
able character of the bill was conclusively proved
by the fact that it was differently construed by
different men, forgetting that the same objection
might be made with equal propriety to the Bible
or the Constitution. These strenuous advocates
for uniformity of construction seemed to be as un-
reasonable as the fabled wolf with the lamb at the
brook. To be dissatisfied, and deaf to reason and
consistency, was a foregone conclusion. Noth-
ing but blood would suffice. That Mr. Stephens
gave it a certain construction was evidence of its
being wrong; that somebody else construed it ex-
actly the other way made it still worse; but worst
of all, I was so obstinate as to decline construing
it either the one way or the other !
In the South its enemies denounced it as a sur-
render to the North; in the North it was charged
to be a surrender of that section to the South; but
so far from this conflicting opposition of extreme
men shaking my confidence in the merits of the
bill, it confirmed me in the belief that it was not
sectional, but conservative, national, and just.
THE HUMBUG CIIARGF. OF " LAND BRIBE."
But, Mr. Clerk, the objections which were urged
with the greatest vehemence, and the only ones,
I believe, that have survived the clamor of the
hour, were, that the bill contained " a threat and
a bribe." The words, " a bribe, a land bribe,"
were rolled, like sweet morsels, under Republican
tongues. The cry of " land bribe" was immedi-
ately raised, and persisted in, from one end of the
Union to the other. It seemed to be more import-
ant with those who made the charge to make it
early and repeat it often, than to show that it had
any substantial foundation. For the purpose of
showing how little foundation there was for this
grave charge against a measure which received
the sanction of the Executive and a majority of
the Representatives of the States and the people,
I propose to give the subject a full and fair exam-
ination. And now, sir, what are the facts of the
case ?
Kansas applied for admission with an ordinance
claiming certain rights, and asking a grant from
the General Government of twenty-three million
five hundred and ninety-two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty acres of the public domain. She
asked admission upon these terms, and upon no
other; and these not being satisfactory to Con-
gress, it was legitimate and proper for that bodv
to say so, and to submit, for the ratification or
rejection of^Kansas, a proposition in lieu of that
contained in their land ordinance. It was cer-
tainly proper that the terms of admission should
be mutually agreed upon, in sonjp way or other,
by Congress and the people of the proposed State.
, I am one of those who hold it not to be the prov-
ince of Congress to force a people into the Union
contrary to their wishes; and Kansas having
stated her proposition, as to terms of admission,
it was right to refer back, for assent or dissent,
any change which Congress proposed to make.
Accordingly, the conference bill proposed to re-
duce the amount of land which Kansas should
receive from twenty-three million five hundred
and ninety-two thousand one hundred and sixty
acres to only three million nine hundred and
eighty-eight thousand eight hundred and sixty-
eight acres; and yet, strangely enough, it was
denounced as a land bribe in face of this undis-
puted fact that it proposed to reduce the quantity
to be given near twenty million aeies !
The land grant in the conference bill proposed
to give the same proportion of land to Kansas
that liar] been given to all the States recently ad-
mitted—not one acre more; and yet it was de-
nounced as a land bribe. It proposed to give the
same quantity the Crittenden amendment pro-
posed to give—not one aci e more; and yet it was
denounced as a "land bribe" by the very men
who supported that amendment.
It proposed to give the same quantity proposed
to be given in the bill to admit Kansas under the
Topeka constitution, for which the Republicans
in Congress voted in 185G—not an acre more; and
yet these same gentlemen stigmatized it as a land
bribe! What is more, sir, the grant in the Topeka
bill was ofibred as a proposition to Kansas, "for
the free acceptance or rejection of the Legislature
of said State;" but that act did not provide what
quantity, or that any quantity, oflan,J should be
given, in the event said proposition was not ac-
ccptcd; neither did the conference bill; and yet,
bccausc it did not, these samn Republican gentle-
men denounced it as a land biy.be !
There were those who sought to make the im-
pression on the public mind that the confercnce
bill provided that .Kansas should not have any
land, unless her people adopted the Lecompton
constitution. Sir, the bill did not say so,nordid
any of its friends. Nothing in it warrants any
such construction. It is neither true in jiomt of
fact, nor just as a matter of inference. No man,
woman, or child, of the Democratic faith, cvci
said, thought, or dreamed of giving Kansas no
land, or less land, if she adopted a free-State, in-
stead of a slave-State constitution. There was
but one application to admit Kansas pending be-
fore Congress, and that was accompanied by a
demand for more land than Congress could m
justice grant. Congress said, in substance, we
cannot admit you as a State into the Union upon
your land ordinance. We propose to reduce the
amount to correspond with what has been granted
to other new States. Wr return it to you, with
the pending question of admission, for ratification
or rejection. If ratified, that is the end of it—if
is a finality. But if rejected, what then? Did
the bill say she should have no land, or less land,
when she should apply in tile future, or was any
such inference fairly deducible from it' Not at
all. In the event the proposition of Congress
was not acceptable to Kansas, it was properly left
for Kansas to indicate, when she next applied for
admission, the terms, in reference to Iaiidriipon
which she proposed to be admitted; and the whple
question would then again be in the hands of Con-
gress. Congress can accept or reject or refer
back a new proposition; but such new proposi-
tion, I maintain, should, in some way o,r otherT
be assented to bythe people of Kansas, otherwise
Congress might be forcing a State into tlie Union
contrary to the wishes of her people—a thing, sir,
which 1, for one, cannot approve.
Then, after all that has been said totfyj con-
trary, I Hjaintain that there is no substantial foun-
dation for the charge that the bill contained the
offer of a land bribe. The idea of its being a brib.e
is a myth, and only exists in the imaginations of _
angry and unscrupulous politicians.
It is a bold assumption that, because the bill
contained no provision fixing the quantity of land
Kansas should receive, if admitted at some otlier
timo under some other constitution, therefore she
would get no land, or less than the amount given
to other new States. It does seem to me to De an
assumption too absurd to require serious consid 
eration. I repeat that it is unfounded, even as a
matter of inference, because,Congress havingpro-
posed a certain quantity of land, the inference
would be that that was the amount Congress was
at any time willing to give; and Kansas having
refused it, and asked near twenty million acres
more, the inference would be that^ she required
more than the quantity proposed in the confer-
ence grant, and la no event was likely to get lesis.
Every intelligent gentleman must have known
that land was guarantied to Kansas by her or-
ganic act, and that she would get at least as much
as had been granted to other new States, (and that
was the amount provided in the conference bill,)
no matter when admitted or with what kind of
constitution.
The New York Times bad the frankness to
admit that the conference grant "gives to the
people nothing they will not have in any event;"
and this was well understood in Kansas, as is
shown by the following, which was kept as a ,
standing paragraph in the Leavenworth Journal,
and other Republican papers in that Territory
" Keep it before the people, that there is nothing offeree?
usin the English bill hut what u guarantied tons by tue
organic act under which we were admitted as a Territory,
and what other new States have received at the hands of
Congiess."
Sir, 1 not only assert that the bill offered no
land in the nature of a bribe, that no such thing
was contemplated on offered by the Democratic
party, but I believe I can show that some of those
who made that charge were not altogetherunlike
the man who shouted " stop thief" when he had
the stolen property in his own possession.
Here is an extract from an article which ap-
peared in the St. Louis Democrat, a leading Re-
publican organ, holding out inducements to the
people of Kansas to vote against cominginto the
Union at the election hold under the conference
bill. I leave it to others to say whether it is not
a better foundation for the charge of offering a
land bribe than anything contained in the confer-
ence bill. The article says:
" If anything in the future is certain, a Republican ma-
jority in the next Congress n certain. That majority will
do justice to Kansas. Manifestly it will deem it a sacred
duty to offset the long injustice of the national democratic
party to that Territory by the most liberal legislstwwj. It
would, indeed, be strange, if the free-State constitution?
which Kansas will have it in her power to piesent to the
next Congress, should bo cavilcd at because it was .accom-
panied by a hind oidinanee as liberal as tliat which &e-
comnanied the Lecompton con.-titution. Surely they who
voted for the Lecompton constitution could not consistently
object to another constitution because it donated twenty or
thirty million acres to the new ytate. It is clear to us that
by waiting another year m nonage, Kansas will gaii* some
twenty million acres,"
Now, sir, what Is this but a guarantee of the
Republican party, by one of its leading organs,
that the people of Kansas shall gain twenty mil*
lion acres of land, if they will vote down the
proposition of Congress, and apply foradmission
with a free-State constitution? In other words,
it was saying to them: " Vote as we want you to,
and when you apply for admission hereafter, we
Republicans will then be in power, and we will
not only give you the three million nine hundred
and eighty-eight thousand eight hundred ana
sixty-eight acres proposed in the grant of the con-
ference bill, but nineteen million six hundred and
three thousand two hundred and ninety-two aevcfc
