1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&E.
1333
also made an adverse report on the memorial of
Charies D. Arfwedscn; which was laid on the
table, and-ordered to be printed.
GEOltGE ASHLEY.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation thai
itdo not pass, Courtof Claims bill (IXo. 42,) for the
relief of George Ashley, administrator de bonis
nonpf Samuel Hoigate, deceased; which was laid
on the table, and oidercd to be printed.
ZEN AS KING.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report on the memorial of
Zonas King; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM T\ BOWDEN.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report on the memorial of
William F. Bowden; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
DANIEL D. JOHNSON.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the same committee,
also made an adverse report on the petition of Daji-
iel D. Johnson; which was laid on the table,and
ordered to be printed.
JAMES HENDERSON.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass, a
bill (H. R. No. 79) for the relief of James Hen-
derson; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
LYJJIA FLETCHER.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, also
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 80) for the relief
of Lydia Fletcher, and asked that the Committee
of Claims be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
It was so ordered.
HOLMES AND PEDRICK.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of Philip B.
Holmes and William Pedrick; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of .
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, made adverse reports in the
following oases:
On the petition of DeWitt C. Folsom and Eben
B. Gardiner, owners of schooner Uranus, for fish-
ing bounties;
On the petition of Charles Brewster, owner and
agent of schooner Flores, for fishing bounties;
On the petition of the agents of schooner Co-
quette, for fishing bounties;
On the petition of the owners of schooner Smi-
lax, for fishing bounties; and
On the memorial of the Board of Trade of the
city of Evansville, Indiana; which were severally
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELIOT, from the same committee, made
an adverse report in the case of the schooner Met-
amora, for fishing bounty; and on the memorial
of John Bingham, for a civil retired list; which
were severally laid on the table, and ordered to be
prin ted.
CONGRESSIONAL TOWNSHIPS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, made an adverse report on the
petition of citizens of township two north, of range
nine west, of the fourth principal meridian, m
Adapns county, Illinois; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of congres-
sional township six south, of range eight west,
in Randolph county, State of Indiana; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying; report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill for the relief of con-
gressional township two south, of range twelve
west, of the second principal meridian, in Gibson
county, Indiana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
ABOLITION OF LAND OFFICES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the same com-
mittee, reported back a resolution instructing the
committee to inquire into the expediency of abol-
ishing a portion of the land offices; and moved
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be laid upon
the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What will be the
effect of laying it upon the table ? Can we call it
up again? Because the House might disagree to
the report of the committee. I move that it be
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The motion-to lay upon the
table takes precedence.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume the gen-
tleman from Indiana has no objection to its refer-
ence to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I withdraw the mo-
tion to lay upon the table. I am perfectly willing
that the lesolution shall be referred.
The resolution was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House.
ISLAND OF GRAND CIIENIERE.
Mr. LANDRUM. The Committee on Public
Lands are prepared to report favorably upon the
approval of the survey of the Island of Grand
Chenicre. The bill has once passed the House,
but failed in the Senate. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the committee be per-
mitted to report the bill, and that it be put upon
its passage. Amcmber of the committee will ex-
plain to the satisfaction of the House in a moment
that there can be no objection whatever to its
passage.
Mr. COBB. I could not ask the House to do
anything for me, but here is a matter in which the
Government is directly interested. It is a small
matter, and the committee have unanimously in-
structed me to report the bill. There is a little island
in theStateofLouisianathatcouldnot be surveyed
according to the legal manner of surveying lands,
but had to be cut up into small fractions. The De-
partment has recommended that the survey may
be regarded as valid, in order that the Govern-
ment may sell the lands. That is the whole mat-
ter. Every member of the committee who was
present agreed that the bill should be reported. It
was reported by me at the last session, and passed
the House without a dissenting voice, ana went
to the Senate; but failed there for want of time.
It is a matter in which the Government is inter-
ested. The island cannot be surveyed in any
other way than the one in which it has been sur-
veyed, and all the committee ask is that the sur-
vey shall be approved. Now, will the House
allow the bill to pass ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Alabama where this land is>
Mr. COBB. Itis down in Louisianaina swamp,
and it cannot be surveyed in any way but by cut-
ting it up into fractions. We want to bring the
land into market, so that the Govcrnmentcanget
the money for it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to ask
the gentleman further, if it has any connection
with the McDonough estate?
Mr. COBB. None whatever. Itis for the Gov-
ernment. I do not work for private individuals.
Mr. MAYNAIID. Perhaps the gentleman can
state if anybody has any claim on these lands ex-
cept the Government?
Mr. COBB. I suppose preemptors have.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is that a pri-
vate bill? If not, I shall object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not heard
what the bill is.
Mr. COBB. If there is a single objection made
to the bill, I will not offer it.
Mr. TAPPAN. Well, I object.
Mr. @0BB. I will get it in at some other time.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish the gentleman from
New Hampshire would be good enough to with-
draw the objection. It is a portion of country
situated to the west of the Mississippi river.
Mr. TAPPAN. I would withdraw it, but if I
do, there will be no end to this way of doing busi-
ness.
'Mr. COBB. The bill could be passed in the
time it takes you to object.
Mr. TAPPAN. I must object.
CLARK JOLLEY.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report on
the petition of Clark Jollcy, for relief; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed. '
JOHN Y. SETVELL.
Mr. ALLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John Y. Sewell; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM M'COJRMICK.
Mr. LEE, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do not pass, a
bill (II. R. No. 223) for the relief of William Mc-
Cormick; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
EQUALIZATION OK KATES OP POSTAGE.
Mr. LEE, from the same committee, also re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do not
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 170) to equalize the rates
of postage; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ABSALOM ANDERSON.
Mr. LEE, from the same committee, also made
an adverse report on the petition of Absalom An-
derson, of Albany, New York; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN D. COLMESNIL.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky,from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report on the petition of
John D. Colmcsnil, presidentof the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi Mail Line Company; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
PACIFICUS ORD.
Mr HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an adverse report on the memorial
ofPacifirus Ord, asking compensation forservices
rendered the United States Government; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN M. L. GARDINER.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee,
reported back thememorialof John M. L. Gardi-
ner, with an adverse report thereon; which was
laid on the table, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
SWEENEY, RITTENHOUSE & CO.
Mr TAYLOR, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Sweeney, Ritten-
house, Fant & Co.; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole .
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
MARY CUTTER AND OTHERS.
Mr. PORTER, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the memorial of Mary Cut-
ter, Cornelius E. Cutter, and others; which was
laid on the table, anjj ordered to be printed.
MITCHELL & RAMMELSBURG AND OTHERS.
Mr. NELSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill directing the Secretary of the Interior
to liquidate the accounts of Mitchell & Rammeis-
burg and Baker & Yon Phui; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
KENTUCKY COURTS.
Mr. NELSON also, from the same committee,
reported a bill providing for additional terms of
the United States circuit and district courts in the
State of Kentucky; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
Mr. NELSON, I now desire to call up the
bill which I reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary the other day, to abolish polygamy in
the Territory of Utah. ■
Several Members objected.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, nothing
but private business it* in order.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from- the Committee on
