1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22tl
England to those who stood by the Stuarts, and
supported them, and did not believe in the Gun-
powder plot, the Meal-tub plot, and diverse other
things that were got up there. The Whigs were
men who were opposed to power, and denied pre-
rogative, and denied the divine right. From that
time to this, whenever they have been consistent,
they have been always found figliting against pre-
rogative. The name was given to Monmouth and
his men. Prom that time it has been a term known
to discriminate parties in England. The Tories
have always been on the part of prerogative; the
Whigs have been on the opposite side. Why,
therefore, we should be called Tories, as we have
been, I do not know; but he applies the term to
us. It does not apply to us, if we be the people he
describes, ready to take up arms and resist the
Government. Upon this subject, let me refer to
the Virginia and Kentucky resolutions of 1798 and
1799. First, the Virginia resolutions:
In the Virginia House or Delegates,
Friday, December 91, 1798.
Resolved, Tliat the General Assembly of Virginia doth
unequivocally express a firm resolution to maintain and
defend the Constitution of the United States, and the con-
stitution of mis State, against every aggression, eithei for-
eign oi domestic ; and that they will support the Govern-
rnentof the United States in all measures warranted by the
former.
That this Assembly most solemnly declares a warm at-
tachment to the Union of the States, to maintain which it
pledges its powers; and that, for this end, it is their duty
to watch over and oppose every infraction of those princi-
ples which constitute the only basis of that Union, because
a faithful obseivance of them can alone secure its exist-
ence and the public happiness.
That tins Assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily de-
clare, that it views the powers of the Federal Government,
as resulting from the compact to which the States are par-
ticn, as limited by the plain sense and intention of the in-
strument constituting that compact, as no further valid than
They are authorized by the grants enumerated in that com-
pact; and that, in ease of deliberate, palpable, and dan-
gerous exercise of other poweis, not granted by the said
compact, the States, who arc parties thereto, have the light,
and aio m duty bound, to mtei pose, for ancsting the prog-
lci-sol the evil, and lor maintaining within their respective
limits authonties, lights, and liberties appertaining to them.
The Kentucky resolutions, draftedby Jefferson
himself, declare:
"1. Resolved, That the several States composing the
United States of America, are not united on the principle
of unlimited submission to the General Government; but
that by compact, under the style and title of a Constitution
lur the United States, and of amendments thereto, they
constituted a General Government for special purposes,
delegated to that Government certain definite powers, re-
serving, each State (or itseil, the residuary mass of right to
then own self-government; and that whenever the General
Government assumes undelegated powers, its acts are un-
authoritative, void, and of no force; that to tills compact
eaeli State acceded as a State, and is an intiegal parly;
that tins Government, created by this compact, was not
made the exclusive pr, final judge of the extent of tile pow-
ers delegated to itself; since that would have made its dis-
cretion, and not the Constitution, the measure of its pow-
ers; but that, as in all othercasesof compactamong parties
having no common judge, each party has an equal right to
judge lor itself, as well of infractions as of the mode and
"measure of ledicss." * * * * * *
"9. Resolved lastly, That the (iovcrnoi of tins Common-
wealth be, and lie is hereby, authorized and requested to
communicate the preceding resolutions to the Legislatures
of the several States, to assure them that this Common-
wealth considers union for special national putposcs, anil
particularly for those specified in their late Fedei al compact,
to bo lnendly to the peace, happiness and prosperity of all
the States ; that, faithful to that compact, according to the
plain intent and meaning m which it was understood and
acceded to by the several parties, it is sincerely anxious
for its preservation ; that it does also believe, that to taKc
from the States all the powers of self-government, and
transfer them to a genetai and consolidated Government,
without regaid to the special delegations and reservations
solemnly agreed to in that compact, is not for the peace,
happiness, or prosperity ot these States; and that, theie-
loie, this Commonwealth is determined, as it doubts not its
co-States arc, to submit to undelegated, and consequently
unlimited powers, in no man or body of men on earth." '
- ' * " That it would be a dangerous delusion
weic a confidence in the men of our choice to silence our
fears loi the safety of our rights ; that confidence is every-
wheie the parent of despotism; free government is found
m jealousy, and not in confidence ; it is jealousy, and not
confidence, which pi escribes limited constitutions, to bind
down those whom we are obliged to trust with power; that
our constitution lias accordingly fixed the limits to winch,
and no fuuheijoui confidence may go." '
f'Thc representatives of the good people of this Com-
monwealth, in General Assembly convened, having ma-
tin ely considered the answeis of sundry States in the Union,
to their resolutions passed the last session, respecting cer-
tain unconstitutional laws of Congress, commonly called
the alien and sedition laws, would tie faithless, indeed, to
themselves, and to those they represent, were they silently
to acquie-.ee in the principles and doctrinesattemptcd to be
tnaiut,lined in all those answers, that of Virginia only ex-
cepted. To again enter the field of argument, and attempt
moic fully or loicibly to expose the unconstitutionality of
those obnoxious laws, would, it is apprehended, be as un-
necessary as unavailing. We cannot, however, but lament
that, in the discussion of those interesting subjects by sun-
dry of the Legislatures of our sister States, unfounded sug-
gestions and uneandid insinuations, derogatory to the true
character and principles of this Commonwealth, have been
substituted in place of fair reasoning and sound argument.
Our opinions of these alarming measures of the General
Government, together with our reasons for those opinions,
were detailed with decency and with temper, and submit-
ted to the discussion and judgment of our fellow-citizens
throughout the Union. Whether the like decency and
temper have been observed in the answers of most of those
States who have denied or attempted to obviate the great
truths contained in those resolutions, we have now only to
submit to a candid world. Faithful to the true principles
of the Federal Union, unconscious of any designs to disturb
the harmony of that Union, and anxious only to escape the
pangs of despotism, the good people of this Commonwealth
are regardless of censure or calumniation. Lest, however,
the silence of this Commonwealth should be construed into
an acquiescence in the doctrines and principles advanced
and attempted to be maintained by the said answers ; or
lest those of our fellow-citizens throughout the Union who
so widely differ from us on those important subjects, should
be deluded by the expectation that we shall be deterred
from what we conceive our duty, or shrink from the prin-
ciple contained in those resolutions; therefore,
« Resolved, That this Commonwealth considers the Fed-
eral Union, upon the terms and for the purposes specified
in tile late compact, as conducive to the liberty and hap-
piness of the several States. That it does now unequivo-
cally declare its attachment to the Union,and to thatcom-
pact, agreeably to its obvious and real intention, and will
be among the last to seek its dissolution. That if those
whoadniinistertlieGeneraIGovernment.be permitted to
transgress the limits fixed by that compact, by a total dis-
regard to the special delegations of power therein con-
tained, an annihilation of the State governments, and the
creation upon their rums of a general consolidated Govern-
ment, will be the inevitable consequence. That the prin-
ciple and construction contended for by sundry of the State
Legislatures, that the General Government is the exclusive
judge of the extent of the powers delegated to it, stop noth-
ing short of despotism, since the discretion of those who
administer the Government, and not tiie Constitution,
would be the measure of their powers. That the several
States who formed that instrument, being sovereign and
independent, have the unquestionable light to judge of the
infraction ; and that a nullification by those sovereignties,
of all unauthorized acts done under cdlor of that instru-
ment, is the rightful remedy. That this Commonwealth
docs, under the most deliberate iconsideration, declaie
that the said alien and sedition laws are, in their opinion,
palpable violations of the said Constitution; and, however
cheerfully it may be disposed to surrender its opinion to a
majority of its sister States, in matters of ordinary oi doubt-
ful policy, yet, in momentous regulations like the present,
which so vitally wound the best rights of the citizen, it
would consider a silent acquiescence as highly criminal.
That although this Commonwealth, as a party to the Fed-
eral compact, will bow to the laws of the Union, yet it
does, at the same time, declarethatit will not now, orever
hereafter, cease to oppose, in a constitutional manner, ev-
ery attempt, at what quarter soever offered, to violate that
compact. And finally, m order that no pretext or argu-
ments may lie diawn from a supposed acquiescence oil the
part of this Commonwealth in the constitutionality of those
laws, and be thereby used as precedents for similar future
violations of the Federal compact, this Commonwealth
does now enter against them its solemn protest."
These resolutions set forth specifically that this
Government is the result of a compact between
the different States; that the Constitution is a
mere treaty; that each State has the right to judge
itself of infractions and the mode and measure of
redress; and Mr. Jefferson says, in the Kentucky
resolutions, that a nullification of an act adjudged
by a State to be unconstitutional, is the rightful
remedy. By nullification lie does not mean such
action as has been indulged in in the northern
States of late. He means a solemn convention,
called by authority of law, to which men are
elected by qualified voters and meet in convention,
armed with the supreme power of the State, just
such a body as ratified the Constitution, the State
arming them with supreme power. They meet
there to construe, as all political communities
must, the meaning of their compact with each
other. Let the Legislature of Massachusetts pass
an act making an appropriation for paying the
expenses of a convention; let them, on a day spe-
cified, have members of a convention elected; and
let those men meet m convention, and after laying
their hands on the Holy Gospel of God, and
swearing, as every member of every Legislature
does, that they will obey, and be governed by,
the Constitution of the United States, let them
pass a solemn ordinance that the fugitive law is
unconstitutional. But that they dare not do. They
dare not do that, and say that, if we attempt to
enforce it, they will go out of the Union. If they
were, to do that, my judgment is, that they would
be permitted to depart, and depart in peace; and
a happy riddance, I must say, I think it would
be, for Massachusetts has actually been, since
this Union was formed, a shrew; and the only
question with this Government has been the play
of "taming the shrew;" and how she-is ever to
be tamed, is the question. :
That is nullification; that is State rights; and
if the Government is not satisfied, ana will not
repeal the obnoxious act, let the State withdraw,
and go, as I said, in peace. Bat they do not do
that; they get up societies, publish pamphlets,
they make speeches', they Bend in petitions, they
pass acts of their Legislature to annoy us. They
continue irresponsibly avoiding the performance
of their duties; willing to wound, yet afraid to
strike. They dare not meet the issue fairly and
squarely, ana say they are not bound, under the
Constitution, to deliver up fugitive slaves, and that
if we attempt to enforce the duty on them they
will leave the Unions They dare not do it. They
know that they dare not do it. They dare not
attempt it. Their people would be shocked at
the idea. All the capital of New England would
in a moment be in arms. Their manufacturers,
their operatives, and their sailors, would all be in
arms if those States were to attempt, or any of
their politicians were to advise, the_ legitimate
carrying out of the doctrine of nullification, fts
set forth in the Kentucky resolutions, and under-
stood by Mr. Jefferson.
Yet we are called nullifiers. They ha-ve brought
the term into contempt; tliey have cast odium
upon it; and then turn around and apply it to us.
What law of Congress are we resisting? What
are we doing to produce a dissolution of the
Union? Are we interfering with them in any
way > Have we established any societies for ex-
citing their operatives to insurrection ? Have we
any public presses doing anything of that sort.'
Do we make speeches among them ? Do we or-
ganize societies for the purpose of breaking open
their jails and relieving the'ir criminals? Do we
protect their fugitives from justice ? Do v
fore with them in any way ? We ask simply to
Do we inter-
be let alone; and because we ask to be let alone,
they denounce us as factionists. Men are silly
enough, not only at the North, but at the South,
to say that the southern Nullifier and northern
Abolitionist stand on the same platform. And
the organ of Mr. Douglas here li£^ had the im-
pudence to say that Yancey and Seward ought to
be on the same ticket; that they entertain tlxe
same opinions—both in favor of intervention
Why, sir, it would be as reasonable to say thai
the peaceable, quiet traveler, who chooses not to
be robbed, and resists the highwayman, is upon
a footing with the footpad, as to say that the
southern States that are asking only to be let
alone are upon the same footing with the Aboli-
tion States that are annoying them constantly.
There is no similarity. We are not disunion-
ists; we love the Union; wo believe the best gov-
ernment that the ingenuity of man has ever de-
vised, is the one that was formed by the Consti-
tution. We ask only the observance of its prin-
ciples. We ask only that this Government shall
exercise such powers ns have been delegated, and
none others. We ask only that this Government
shall exercise all the powers that have been dele-
gated. That is what we ask. And we only say
there are two modes of destroying this Union—
one by consolidation and the other by disruption;
and that of the two we prefer the latter. We say-
that wc wish to preserve the Union, if it can be
preserved; but if it must be destroyed, wc prefer
disruption to consolidation. Why? The ballot-
box gives us no protection. How can we in Texas
get protection by the ballot-box, when the people
in Ohio and Massachusetts and other States send
delegates here who pass the most obnoxious and
injurious laws? The ballot-box, instead of being
a protection, is actually an injury to us, for their
members of this Federal Legislature might be dis-
posed to consult their conseicnce, and, remember-
ing their oaths, do us some little justice, if they
were not afraid of being turned out. The ballot-
box really, the majority being against us, is an
instrument and means of oppression, and Repre-
sentatives dare not do justice for fear of losing
their places in those Republican States. That
gives us no protection. Then what are we to look
to? If the Constitution is to be ignored, this lat-
itudinarian construction to be taken, if fanaticism
is to rule instead of reason and right, I say that
wc arc just in a condition in which disruption
presents itself, and our only safety is out of the
Union. Yet I would not now advise a dissolu-
