314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
besides. You shall have all that was asked in the
original Lecompton ordinance, and perhaps more
—at all events, you will gain at least twenty mil-
lion acres of land by voting as we want you to."
Gentlemen of the Republican party, I ask you,
was that offering a bribe in lands to induce the
people of Kansas to vote in a particular way ?
Can you show me anything like it in the confer-
ence bill ? Can you show it from any Democratic
source ? If you cannot, pray let us hear no more
of the charge of " land bribe" against the confer-«
ence bill.
Sir, I have no patience to dwell upon this sub-
ject, and must say. that in my judgment, a more
unfounded outcry—a grander piece of humbug-
• gery and demagogism—than the charge that the
conference bill contained the offer of a land bribe,
was never attempted to be palmed off on the
American people.
ALLEGED DISCRIMINATION BETWEEN FREE AND
SLAVE STATES.
But I pass to the consideration of other objec-
tions, and particularly upon the subject of popu-
lation and the alleged discrimination between free
and slave States; and here, arise the questions:
Was itwrong to refer the Lecompton controversy
back to- the people whom it immediately con-
cerned? Was itwrong to place it in their power
not to come into the Union under the Lecompton
constitution ? Was it wrong to give them an op-
portunity to come in,under that constitution, with
their then population, provided a majority should
so decide at the polls ? For myself, 1 do not hes-
itate to give a negative answer to these questions.
I believe it was right; but whether right or wrong,
you Republicans ought not to complain that it was
done, because every one of you who had a vote
did the same thing when you voted for the Crit-
tenden-Montgomery amendment. Yes, and you
did more; for as far back as 1856, your whole
party in Congress voted to admit Kansas then,
under the revolutionary T opeka constitution ,when
her population was not probably half what it was
♦ at the time of the election held under the confer-
ence bill. In May, 1856, the Republican party
of Indiana, in convention assembled, resolved in
favor of" the immediate admission of Kansas as
a free State;" and yet, at that time her voting pop-
ulation was only about eight thousand, whereas
the actual vote polled at the election held under
the conference bill whs over fourteen thousand;
and good judges estimated this to be considerably
under the actual voting strength of the Territory,
and some even thought that it indicated a popu-
lation very near, if not quite, equal to the ratio of
of representation required for a member of Con-
gress.
Upon this subject the celebrated Kansas " Her-
ald of Fr< edom," in an issue of that paper a short
time after that election, said:
"Some of our eastern exchanges .lit- icpresrnting that
thoru are not to exceed thiee inhabitants to each voter in
Kansas, and that, consequently, tiic whole population of
this Territory at this time does not exceed loity-ftve or tor-
ty-seven thousand. Now wc assert most positively, and
believe we have quite as good means to arrive at a correct
conclusion as any eastern journalist who never stepped a
foot on Kansas soil, that wc bohevo there aie more than
five inhabitants to each voter; that there are no new coun-
tries which have a greater proportion of families than Kan-
sas. Young men, known as 'the carpet-bag emigration,'
have come heic and gone again. The heaviest proportion
of our population have come the overland route with teams,
bringing their families with them.
<k Besides this, the actual vote cast on the 2d of August
last considerably exceeded fourteen thousand. Some pre-
cincts did not send forvvaid their returns m tune to be
counted, while some few were rejected for intormality.
Then not lexs. than six thousand voters weie prevented from
reaching the polls by the sickness prevailing at that time,
and the floods which had swollen the numerous streams
the night before the election had lendeied them impassable.
In nearly all the distticN :-outh of the Kansas liver, the
leturns show less than half a vote, and so any number of
coirespondcnts have written us liom all parts of the south-
ern counties. The conclusion of our b Jst informed men
in the Territory is, that theie is an actual voting population
of twenty thousand m Kansas at this time. If this is so,
which we firmly believe, then we have an actual popula-
tion to-day in Kansas of one hundred thousand, adiffcrcnce
in our favor of over one half from the calculation of eastern
journalists."
Sir, if this estimate of the Herald of Freedom
is correct, what becomes of all the declamation
of the Republicans about admitting Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution with only forty thou-
sand population, or, in fact, any number less than
the congressional ratio of representation?
But, it is not necessary foi me to make any
point of that kind here, nor is it my intention to
offer, at this time, any opinion as to the probable
population of Kansas. It is sufficient for my
present purposes to show, and I introduce the
cxtract for that purpose only, that if the people
of Kansas had voted themselves into the Union
with the Lecompton constitution, (and that was
the only possible way it could have been done
under the conference bill,) it would have been
with a population greatly exceeding the number
there at the time the Republicans used every en-
deavor to admit her under a constitution more
irregular even than Lecompton, and that, there-
fore, they arc effectually estopped from complain-
ing by tneir own record.
I am aware, sir, that when Republicans find
themselves headed off and answered on this point
by their own record, they are in the habit of
shifting to the position, that it was not because
the bill made it possible for Kansas to be admitted
Tender the Lecompton constitution with less than
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty
population that they object, so much®as because
it went on to proviae that that number should be
required to authorize the formation of another
constitution, anithis they are pleased to magnify
into a discrimination in favor of slave States.
Sir, it is not to be denied that there is enough
in this presentation of the objection to enable
politicians, in times of high party excitement, to
get up a popular clamor in quarters where strong
prejudices prevail against the institution of sla-
very; but I submit that a calm and candid exam-
ination will satisfy any unprejudiced man that it
is an objection of form rather than of substance,
or, at most, that it is not such an objection as
ought to have been allowed to stand m the way of
a union between the two Houses of Congress in
the patriotic effort of removing the dangerous
Lecompton constitution question from the national
councils.
But let us see what this objection amounts to,
and how our Republican friends and their allies
stand in relation to it. You professed to oppose
the Lecompton constitution on the ground that
an overwhelming majority of the people of Kansas
did not want it for their organic law, and never
would come into the Union under it if they could
prevent it. This opinion you expressed on all
occasions, and in the most emphatic manner.
That the conference bill did place it in the
power of the people of Kansas not to come into
the Union under the Lecompton constitution,none
of you at this day will deny. It is true that you
trumped up some objections to portions of the till,
in the hope, as it seemed to me, of making political
capital, and saving yourselves from the charge of
inconsistency in voting against it; but you cannot
deny that it substantially provided a way for the
people of Kansas to do the very thing you all pro-
tested they wanted to do, had done before, and
would do again, if they had the opportunity.
Being thus fully committed by your record and
oft-repeated declarations that they would not vote
to come in under Lecompton, and that decision
being fully vindicated by their decision at the elec-
tion held under the conference bill, what becomes
of all your declamation about admitting Kansas
under that constitution with a population of only
forty thousand, and about the bill discriminating
in favor of slave States? Your own showingmade
the bare possibility of her admission a contingency
which was almost certain never to happen, and
thus leaves you without any substantial ground for
your objection, unless you enn showsuch discrim-
ination in that part of the bill which relates to the
formation of another constitution, in the event the
one framed at Lecompton should be removed out
of the way by a vote of the people; and who is
there here, or anywhere, that makes that allega-
tion ? I presume no one; for nothing can be clearer
than the language of that part of the bill which
relates to this subject. Not the shadow of dis-
crimination can be*found in it in favor, or against,
either section. Not a man, woman, nor child
more is required to constitute a free than a slave
State. The two sections stand, where they ought
to stand, upon terms of perfect equality. The
population required is precisely the same in either
case; and whenever they have that population,
and desire to do so, the law provides that they—
" Shall proceed to form a constitution, and take all neces-
sary steps for the establishment of a State government in
conformity with the Federal Constitution, subject to such
limitations and restrictions, as to the mode and manner of
its approval or ratification by the people of the proposed
State, as they may have prescribed fay law, and shall be en-
titled to admission into the Union as a State under such con-
stitution thus fairly and legally made, with or tvttho ut slavery,
as said constitution may yrcscritc."
Sir, this language of the conference bill is too
clear and emphatic to admit of the construction
that it discriminates in favor of either slave or
non-slaveholding States, and I submit to the judg-
ment of all fair and unprejudiced men that there
is r o substantial foundation for the charge that
the bill makes any such discrimination.
THE JUSTICE OF THE RULE AS TO POPULATION.
It only remains to consider the propriety of that
part of the bill which requires that, in tlie future
formation of a State government, the population
should be equal or exceed the ratio fixed by law
for a Representative in the Congress of the United
States.
I hold this to be a correct principle, and believe
it ought to be applied to every case which may
hereafter arise. The question of admitting new
States has always been aproli% source of trouble
in our Government, nine tenths of which would
have been avoided had the just rule of the con-
ference bill been adopted, and adhered to from the
beginning. It is better for the people in both
States and Territories. It is indispensable to the
preservation of that equality between the States,
which is a leading feature in our Government.
Whilst the power may exist to admit with only
a handful of population, less even than the popu-
lation in some counties in Indiana, its exercise
would certainly be unwise and unjust. It would
be giving that population an equal voice in the
Senate to the great State of New York with her
millions of population, and in the House, at least
one Representative, whereas in all the other States'
a Representative is only allowed where the popu-
lation reaches the ratio, or the fraction of ratio,
fixed by law, the full ratio being at this time ninety-
three thousand fourfiundred and twenty.
In my judgment, no people ought to be clothed
with the great powers and responsibilities of a
State, if their numbers will not at least equal that
ofa single congressional district. That rule cannot
be unwise or unjust that does no more than main-
tain equality between the States, and save the peo-
ple of the Territories from the care and expense
of maintaining a State government until such rea-
sonable time as their number, wealth, and expe-
rience, justify the assumption of that great re-
sponsibility.
The correctness of the principle seems to me so
evident as not to require argument. In fact, I
believe that mostpeisons concede it to be correct,
as a general rule. The trouble has been to de-
termine when and where the application of the
principle should begin. The particular objection
seems to be to applying it to Kansas. Why not
to Kansas ? Hasher career been so quiet and ex-
emplary—so free from trouble and annoyance to
the nation at large—as to merit an exemption from
a rule which is generally conceded to be correct?
It would not do to wait until all parties united in
saying," now is the time, and this is the place to
begin;" because each application for admission
has its friends and advocates, and the result would
be that a beginning never would be made.
"When the principle was inaugurated in the con-
ference bill, there were two applications for ad-
mission pending before Congress where the num-
ber ofpopulation had notbeen ascertained, namely,
Kansas, with Lecomp ton, and Oregon, with a free-
State constitution. Those who framed the bill
thought the best beginning place would be imme-
diately after these two applications were disposed
of; and hence the restrictive clause as to the form-
ation of another constitution in the event the peo-
ple voted against admission under the application
then pending.
That restrictive clause was equivalent to giving
notice that Congress thought this correct princi-
ple ought to be applied in all future cases; but of
course those who voted for it knew it was not
binding upon any subsequent Congress, or even
upon that Congress at any subsequent time, further
than would follow from the precedent, and the
manifest correctness of the rule.
COMPLETE SUCCESS OF THE BILL IN ACHIEVING THE
GREAT OBJECT FOR WHICH IT WAS DESIGNED.
The establishment of this rule, however, was
only incidental and secondary, and not the principal
