1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
object of the conference bill. To decide the Lecomp-
ton constitution controversy, one way or the other,
and to get that complicated and dangerous question
out of the way, was the chief object of that bill. It
was the application for admission then pending, and
not some other that might be made in the future;
or any question as to the measure of population
to be thereafter required, that occasioned all that
angry controversy which it was the principal ob-
ject of the bill to remove. It was to settle the
disagreement between the Senate and the House, and
to open up a way for the final disposal of the
angry question then pending; and that, I repeat,
was simply the question of admitting Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution.
The gentleman from NewYork and others, talk
in the most absurd manner about the conference
bill being voted down and killed off by the people
of Kansas, at the election which that bill provided.
If the people of Kansas killed the bill, then why
did Jhese gentlemen try to repeal a portion of it
at tne last session? What did they expect to gain
by killing it over again ? I thought that, since the
days of Shakspeare, Jack Falstaff was allowed
the exclusive privilege of slaying the slain, and
claiming credit for victories which others had
achieved. Sir, the conference bill never was sub-
mitted to a vote of the people of Kansas; and that
bill contemplated the voting down, just as much
as the voting up, of the proposition which it did
submit. The grand object of the bill was accom-
plished, and would have been accomplished, had
the people of Kansas voted the other way. The
pending question was bound to bo settled by the
bill, in either event. Even some of those who
voted against it, have frankly acknowledged its
happy effects in ending the controversy, and re-
storing harmony to the country, so far as that
issue was concerned. The distinguished Senator
from Illinois, Judge Douglas, m a speech in the
Senate, on the 15th of June, 1858, distinctly de-
clared that the bill had brought the Lecompton
controversy to an end. In speaking ofthe election
provided by that bill, he said:
" Whichever way the people of Kansas may decide the
question at that election will be final and conclusive. If
they reject the proposition submitted by Congress, the Le-
compton constitution is dead, and there is an end of the
controversy. If, on the contrary, tliey accept the proposi-
tion, Kansas, from that moment, becomes a State of the
Union, and thus the controversy terminates. Whether they
shall accept or reject the proposition, is a question for the
people of Kansas to decide for themselves, and with which
neither Congiess, nor the people of tho several States, noi
any person, official or otherwise, outride of that Tenitory,
has any right to interfere. Hence, the Lecompton contro-
versy is at an end ; for alt men of all parties must be con-
tent with, and abide j)y, whatever decision the people of
Kansas may make."'
And further on, he said:
"Under these circumstances the question nal urally arises,
what controverted principle is theie left for Democrats to
differ and divide about
Sir, the distinguished Senator spoke truly.
After the passage of tho confcrencc bill, there was
no principle, which had been involved in the Le-
compton controversy, left for Democrats to differ
and divide about, for that contioversy was brought
to an ond by the bill.
It accomplished, therefore, all that was expected
by its most sanguine friends. Sir, it is n com-
plete success, and so much of a finality as to be,
in all important respects, beyond the reach of fu-
ture legislation. what legislation do its enemies
propose to inaugurate, or can they inaugurate, that
will reinstate the fearful Lecompton controversy
as it stood before the passage of that bill, or wipe
out the benefits it has conferred upon a divided
and distracted people ?
No matter what fault-finders may say to the
contrary, this much abused and much misrepre-
sented bill did remove from the national councils
the question of admitting Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution, and did provide a way for
the final settlement of that dangerous controversy
which had so long agitated Congress and the
country, if indeed it did not imperil the very ex-
istence of the Union; and, whatis more, it brought
peace and prosperity to the distracted and op-
pressed people of Kansas, and extorted such con-
fessions from Republicans in that Territory as the
following from a correspondent ofthe New York
Tribune:
" What tiis Essiisii Bill has done fob Kansas.—
Philip C. Schuyler, writing to the New York Tribune, from
Burimgame, Kansas, four or five months after the passage
of the bill, says that < more has been done for tho organiza-
tion of Kansas in the last four -months than was accom-
plished in the four years piior to this. You may think the
remark a strange one, but it is true. From the moment the
passage of the English bill made clear our policy and our
duty, Kansas had peace.' And he adds:< Home application
is beginning to show itself m every direction. Content-
ment and happiness are making their impress on every
countenaiice,and our industrial economy will show greater
developments of the soil and improvements in homes than
have been shown fortbe whole period of Kansas settlement.'
u Such is the testimony of Mr. Schuyler, for several
years a resident of Kansas, a strong anti-slavery man, and
an opponent of Mr. Buchanan's Administration.
" And the measure that has brought about tharpeacc, and
given assurance to industry and improvement, is the same
that met with so much abuse, and its advocates so much
villification at the hands of the Republicans I1'—Cincinnati
Enquirer.
Gentlemen may cavil at the manner the bill ac-
complished the work of settling tho controversy,
but they cannot close their eyes to the fact that it
did accomplish it, and that, too, so effectually, as to
place it out of the power of the bill's most invet-
erate foes to undo it.
That fact stands plain and palpable to all un-
prejudiced men, ana will so stand, in spite of all
the rant and shrieks and denunciation and dec-
lamation and argument of the combined Oppo-
sition ! They cannot change it by disregarding,
or even repealing, the restrictive clause of the bill;
for that, as I have already said, was an incidental
and secondary consideration, forming no essential
part of the great Lecompton question which was
referred to the conference committee, and which
patriots, everywhere, were anxiously hoping to
see ended.
It remains to be seen, whether Congress will
ever again admit a State without a population
sufficient, under the law, for one Representative
in Congress; and until that is done,even this in-
cidental and secondary portion of the conference
bill will stand triumphantly vindicated. My own
opinion is, that it will become the settled policy
not to admit any State hereafter without, that
amount of population. I believe it is the correct
policy, and I shall adhere to it whilst I have the
honor of a scat here. Nor will I make any ex-
ception in the case of Kansas. Before I vote for
her admission as a State,under any constitution,
I must be satisfied, beyond all reasonable doubt,
that she has a population equal to, or exceeding,
the ratio which the law requires for a Represent-
ative in Congress.
Sir, I would vote for the admission of a State
with a constitution recognizing the institution of
African slavery just as quick as with o free-State
constitution^ It is enough for me to know that
the constitution is the fair and legal expression of
the will of the people immediately interested, and
if they choose slavery that is their business, and
I will not interfere with it. I am for perfect equal-
ity between the States, and for true popular sov-
ereignty. As to Kansas, I presume there can be
no doulit as to what will be the character of her
institutions. I take it that no man of any party
for a moment supposes that Kansas will be any-
thing else than a free State, no matter when ad-
mitted, or with what population; and this being
the case, the application of the rule of the confer-
ence bill, as to population, in no way involves
the question of slavery or the character of the
domestic institutions of Kansas.
HOW POPULATION SHOULD BE ASCERTAINED—IN-
SINCERITY OF REPUBLICANS.
I believe, also, that the bill indicates the most
appropriate method of ascertaining what the pop-
ulation is; but, at the same time, 1 do not hold a
technical adherence to that method to be a sine
quanonto admission, provided always it is evident
that there is the requisite population. The fact
that there is that population, I would make an
indispensable condition, and I would endeavor to
ascertain it in the manner indicated in the bill;
but, failing in this, the fact might be rendered so
evident, in some other way, as to be a substantial
compliance with it, or, at least, would exhibit so
unimportant a departure as not to justify an issue
upon it. I hold that a census of the inhabitants,
taken undera law of the Territory, would be even
a technical compliance with the conference act;
because that net do ^s not, as many seem to sup-
pose, require a census to be taken under a law of
the United States. It was, therefore, clearly in
the power of the Republicans, who have the con-
trol in Kansas, if the requisite population be in
that Territory, to make her admission as a State
certain, and that, too, in such a way as to com-
mand the respect and support of all her sisters in
the Confederacy. It was but a reasonable duty,
and a failure to perform it, or a performance in an
imperfect and unsatisfactory manner, would prob-
ably be attributed either to a fear of not having,
the requisite population or else to that partisan,
desire to embarrass the Democratic party and
make political capital for themselves, which seems*
too much to have controlled the Republicans in
Kansas heretofore, much to the injury of that fine
Territory as well as to the country at large.
The history ofKansas affords too many instances
of that reckless partisan spirit to render its repeti-
tion now impossible or even improbable;and,there-
fore , I should be glad to see Congress order a census
ofthat Territory to be atonce taken by the Federal
authorities. Should we ever organize, I hope to
see such a measure brought forward at an early
day, and should certainly give itmy most cordial
support. Should it pass, and the result show that
there was the requisite population, it would make
the admission of Kansas certain, and without,
probably, one opposing vote, just as soon as her
people present a constitution republican in form
and ask admission as a State. And even should
it fail, the record may be useful in fixing the re-
sponsibility of any delay or trouble that may en-
sue upon the right persons. It may be useful in
testing the sincerity of those who profess to desire
the early and peaceable admission ofKansas as a
State. It may be useful, too, in testing the sin-
cerity of those who profess to be the peculiar
friends of the extension of free-State institutions,
but who have been, nevertheless, most unfortu-
nate in carrying their professions into practice,
as the vote on the admission of Minnesota and
Oregon will testify, to say nothing of certainevents
and failures to vote, which will be mentioned in
Kansas history.
The way these "peculiar friends" have of re-
maining silent, or of finding some excuse for op-
position, when the extension of free-State institu-
tions is really at stake, and only striking for it
when the chances are against it, may, if persisted
in, lead some honest-minded persons of their own
party to suspect that after all their principal object
is to keep up sectional prejudices, in order to ob-
tain office and political power. Many persons
already believe that a partisan desire to foster
political interests by keeping up the slavery agi-
tation, was at the bottom of most of that trouble
which so long existed in Kansas—troubles, sir,
which disappeared from that Territory on the
passage of the conference bill, like the mists of
the morning before the uprising sun. Should this
partisan spirit still prevail, it may lead to an effort
to form an issue for the liejct presidential election,
by presenting tho question of admitting Kansas
in such shape, or under such circumstances, as
would probably not bo acceptable to a majority
of tho Senate or to the Executive, and consequently
could not be enacted into a law, but must stand
over as an open question and fruitful source of
agitation. It will require no very close observer
to discover whether the object really is to manu-
facture political capital, or to secure the certain,
fail-, and pcaceable admission of Kansas.
PROBABILITIES AS TO THE ADMISSION OF KANSAS
AS A STATE.
An application to admitherwithapopulationless
than the congressional ratio, would no doubt com-
mand a majority of votes in this House, where
the Opposition have the control; but I have no
idea it would command a majority of the Senate,
or be approved by tho Executive. Should the
application bo made without any satisfactory cen-
sus being first taken, both Houses might agree to
an act of admission to take effect upon the return
of a census, immediately to be taken, showing
the requisite population.
It may be, however, when the time for action
arrives, that such evidence may exist as to render
it certain, independent of a census, that Kansas
has the requisite population, and thus induce a
majority of each House and the Executive to ap-
prove a bill for her admission; and, for one, as I
have already intimated, I should not regard such
action as violating any essential provision of the
conference bill. It seems to me, however, that
the safest way would be to pursue, or at least
make an honest effort to pursue, that course which
would avoid all unfavorable contingencies and se-
cure the certain peaceable and orderly admission
