3224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
1VJ y acquaintance with mycolleague began upon
this'floor. On that December morning that we
first met here, as I stretched my eyes over to that
side of the Hall upon which he sat, they were
directed to that seat occupied by John Schwartz.
Prom that moment I made his acquaintance; and,
until I left him last Thursday afternoon, a warm
personal friendship has existed between us. We
differed somewhat as to the course we each feltit
a duty to pursue on this floor; but the personal
relations, the devotion of friendship, that should
exist between us as colleagues from our cherished
and patriotic State, were not interrupted on that
account.
I saw the insidious march of death, as X be-
lieved it, seated securely in his person. I expos-
tulated with him time and again, urging that it
was his duty, in my judgment, to retire, for a
time, to restore his shattered health. Youlcnow,
Mr. Speaker, and this House knows, that he
remained at his post, and died a martyr to his
duty. He had reached nearly the allotted age of
man of " threescore years and ten;" yet, who
could mark his firm step when he entered the
Halt, and not believe that life would be extended
to him as long as to most of us here, and perhaps
longer than to some? But he has gone, and we
are left to mourn his departure and to emulate his
virtues, trusting that
" After life's fitful fever lie sleep* well,"
But a few days ago we were engaged in the
mournful duty of rendering funeral tribute to a
member of this House from our sister Stale of New
York; and now, and suddenly, the dark shadow
of tlys wing of Death is again thrown over this
Hall. We are here, sir, to pay the last sad trib-
ute of respect to the memory of my venerable
colleague,to condole with Ins sorely stricken fam-
ily and sympathize with them in the mournful
and heavy affliction laid upon them by the hand
of God. Most sincerely do I sympathize with
them and bear my willing testimony to bis steady
and unflinching; devotion to duty. Never was
man truer to his country in the responsible posi-
tion he so well filled.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to.
The Speaker appointed as the committee to es-
cort the remains of the late Hon. John Schwartz,
to Reading, Pennsylvania, Mr. Covode, Mr.
Train, Mr.W inslo w,Mr. Hickman, Mr. Nixon,
and Mr. Guaiiam; and there upon, (at a cjuarirr past
three o'clock, p. 111.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 22, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Giirley.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr, MASON. I object. 1 think it ought to
be read. The most that I have known to be done
in curtailing tiie reading of the Journal has been
to omit the reading of the yeas and nays.
Mr, HALE. I want to liear chose.
The Secretary continued, and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 500) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1861; and
A bill (H, R. No. 501) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the ycarendtng the 30th of June, 186C.
executive co.u.iitmcuriON.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate, inquiring whether
any orders have been issued by his directions, by
which a preference is to be given to specified in-
dividuals in contracts, purchases, or ill furnishing
supplies; which was, on motion of Mr. davis,
ordered to be printed.
PETITION.
Mr. KING presented a petition of members of I
the New York annual conference of the Wcsleyan
Methodist connection of America, asking the in-
terposition of the Federal Government in behalf
of Rev. Daniel Worth, Rev. John G. Fee, and
others, banished from or imprisoned in the States
of which they are citizens, on account of their
views in regard to slavery; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
ROBERT JOHNSON.
On motion of Mr. LANE, the bill (H. R. No.
238\for the relief of Robert Johnson was con-
sidered as in .Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses\o authorize Robert Johnston of Philadel-
phia, tajocqfte, on any of the public land of the
United Stta$:s subject to location with military
bounty larfl warrants, the following described
bounty la lift warrants heretofore issued under the
act of llthV)f February, 1847: No. 35885, issued
to Charles H. Burns; No. 35913, issued to John
llurr; No. 35918, issued to John Lehman; No.
35919, issued to Amos Lightner; No. 37176, is-
sued to Henry Wells; No. 38712, issued to Jesse
C. Moore; No, 38713, issued to Thomas T. Ma-
lum; No. 38726, issued to James Smith; No. 39755,
issued to James Deal; No. 39756, issued to Wil-
liam E. Fennimore; No. 39759, issued to John C.
Hardy; No. 44379, issued to Samuel K. Worms;
No. 44G98, issued to Bagshaw Barsley; No. 44853,
issued to John Kolk; No. 44859, issued to Charles
Corragin; No. 44875, issued to Ludolph Wedc-
meyer; No. 44876, issued to Daniel Meyer; No.
44877, issued to Frederick Meyer; No. 44878,
issued to Ilenry E. Layton; No. 44880, issued to
Daniel Adams; No. 45729, issued to Jeremiah
Gensmer; No. 45731, issued to George M. New-
ell; No. 45866, issued to John Randolph; and No.
55298, issued to John Wallace; the discharges
received by these soldiers after the conclusion of
their respective terms of service having, as is al-
leged, been purchased from them for a valuable
consideration. There is a proviso declaring that
if it shall hereafter appear that these soldiers did
not, in whole or in part, receive a fair and valua-
ble consideration for their discharges, it shall be
lawful for them, or their heirs, to assert their
claims in a court of law and the particular tracts
selected in satisfaction of the warrants are to be
subject to such claims in law or equity, and the
patents which may issue for these tracts are to
certify accordingly. Any assignment made of
either of the land warrants named, or the locations
thereof, prior to the issuing of patents, are to be
absolutely mill and void in law and equity.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in tluit case ? I
do not see why there should be a necessity for
such an act of Congress.
Mr. LANE. There is a report; and if the
Senator desires to hear it, it can be read, as it is
short. I will simply say that this bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and by
them all the facts connected with it were carefully
examined. They find that upon the return from
Mexico of one of the companies of Pennsylvania
volunteers, they went to this man, then in busi-
ness in Philadelphia, and sold their discharges,
and received pay in cash, and gave him a power
of attorney to receive their bounty land warrants.
He gave them a fair consideration, and each one
of them placed Ins right to a bounty warrant in
Johnson s hands; but when he came to apply for
the warrants, he found that he could not get them
in his own name, and that theymust be indorsed,
as provided by law, to enable him to locate them.
The parties had scattered; it was impossible for
him to find tlieni. The committee were satisfied
that this man paid for each warrant the full price
in cash, and is entitled to it in equity; but he is
deprived of the privilege of locating, and this bill
that the House has passed only authorizes him
to locate the warrants. I hope the Senate will
pass it. I
The bill was reported to the Senate, orderec/to
a third reading, and read the third time. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fo~ in
the chair,) The question is, Shall the bill pass?
Mr, CRITTENDEN. It does not seem to me
that this bill ought to pass. If I recollect the
laws in reference to this matter—I have had no
opportunity of referring to them—ihey forbade
the assignment. The needy soldier, it was fore-
seen, would dispose, for a trifle, of his claim upon
the Government. Here the sale was made before
the warrant was issued. The ignorant soldier
very possibly did not understand what he was
doing. In this state of the case, a speculator steps
in, and pays him full price—for what? Not for
the land, because that was not granted, but for
the discharge. I do not see that We should recog-
nize such a transaction. Leave this gentleman
to the law of Congress. If we interpose at iftl,
it ought to be first upon an inquiry made whether
justice has been done to the soldiers. We ought
not to step in upon an ex parte statement of the
speculator, and sanction his speculation. I call
it a speculation, not that 1 know anything about
the contract, hut I infer it from the character of
the parties. One is a banker, a rich man, a cap-
italist, in a great city; the other is a poor soldier,
just r?turned from the wars; and he sells, not a
definite thing which he has in his hand, a warrant
for land, but he sells his discharge. When the
assignee comes with thatdischarge in his hand to
the Department, it will not command a warrant;
he is not entitled to have one merely upon that.
But in this state of the case, we are to interpose
and give him the title to demand a warrant. We
not only interpose on the wrong side, but we in-
terpose for a wrong purpose. To be sure, there
is a reservation of the claim of the soldier; a pro-
vision that if he shall ever come forward, he may
impeach and question this transaction. But,sir,
who is he to question it with? He is to question
it with a man who holds the legal title to his
bounty land, and he is obliged to make proof of
the fraud. The burden of proof rests on him. I
would sooner, if these warrants are to issue, let
them issue in the name of the soldier, and then
you give the soldier the defensive position, and
those who claim his warrant will have the burden
of proof. Is not that infinitely more just? I think
it is; and we are thus taking the side of the poor
and ignorant, for such, from their classes, we in-
fer tiiem to be;%nd that is the only ground on
which I would interpose.
I do not mean to occupy the attention of the
Senate' on this subject, but simply to call this bill
to their notice. I have never known such an ap-
plication before, nor can 1 see that the simple
purchase of a soldier's discharge is a purchase of
his bounty land. Can you say so? Gentlemen
should consider that. This discharge may be the
evidence on which the man may entitle himself
to pay. His name is on the roll; but to identify
him is the thing. He is best identified by the
possession of his discharge. What did the soldier
sell? By the force of the terms, it does not appear
that he sold the bounty warrant.
Mr. LANE. I will say to the Senator, if he
will allow me, that each one of them did, by a
contract in writing, sell his bounty warrant; his
right to all the land that he was entitled to, and
received in cash for it more than the warrant is
worth to-day. It was not a bargain sought by
this man at all; but it was an advance made by
him at the request of the soldiers themselves, who
had a claim upon the Government for a bounty
warrant, and desired him to cash it. Jt was a
very unfortunate speculation for him; for if all the
warrants are confirmed to lum, he cannot to-day
in market sell thpm for the amount of money he
paid. The whole case is in proof. Each man
gave his power of attorney, transferring his entire
right, and authorizing this claimant to draw the
warrant and receive it, and loeate it in his own
name. This matter was very carefully examined
by the Committee on Public Lands at a number of
meetings; for they were very particular to know
all the facts of the case, to examine all the proofs,
to look over each power of attorney, and to see
that the soldier had been fully protected. It was
my wish, more perhaps than any member of
the committee, to guard and protect the soldiers,
and to that end I labored; but 1 came to the con-
clusion, as any one who looks over the papers
will, that Mr. Johnson had paid in cash the full
value of those warrants, and they acknowledged
the payment, and he is now without any recourse
at all, or any opportunity of getting his value for
them, except by your giving him authority to lo-
cate the warrant in his own name, as the parties
themselves requested should bo done.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not doubt at all
the perfect sincerity of the Senator from Oregon,
and his sympathy with the soldier. It is natural
that he should have that sympathy; it is his char-
acter, and 1 believe he intends it. But why does
he believe that this transaction was so entirely
