316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
of Kansas whenever she has the requisite popu-
lation, and that would be to order a census of hot-
inhabitants to be at once taken, and if found to be
what the law contemplates, and she presents her-
self with a constitution properly adopted and re-
publican in form, to admit her by a unanimous vole.
How much better this would be, Mr. Clerk, than,
by pursuing some other course, to run the risk of
cxciting Still further that strife and bitterness
which cannot fail to inflict injury on the Terri-
tory and the whole country.
i>anger. of sectional agitation conservatism
of indiana democracy VS. the irrepressible
conflict and negro equality of republic-
anism.
Sir, my voice is still for peace. For one, I
deeply deplore the agitation of all sectional ques-
tions, and listen with pain to the expression of ex-
treme views by gentlemen North or South. 1 claim
to be a conservative man, and to represent a na-
tional and conservative constituency. Sir, that is
the character of the Democracy of my State, and
not only of the Democracy, but of many who are
not within, but ought to be within, that organiza-
tion. We have no sympathy with sectionalism
anywhere. We are for the Union as it is, and
for the Constitution as it is. We are for main-
taming the constitutional rights of every State in
the Confederacy. We are a border State; and yet
no man can rise in his place here, and show a soli-
tary instance where Indiana has failed to executc
the fugitive slave law, or perform any of her con-
stitutional obligations. We have no sickly senti-
mentality upon the subject of slavery, and utterly
repudiate the doctrines of the " irrepressible con-
flict" proclaimed by Mr. Seward and the Repub-
lican party.
Sir, there is nonecessityof any conflict between
the two sections; and I trust in God that every
movement to excite this conflict, no matter from
what quarter it conies, may be put down by the
good people of this land, and that they will teach
the politicians that the country demands, and will
have peace ! If the doctrines of this " irrepressi-
ble conflict" party should be carried our, it would
undoubtedly be destructive of this Confederacy
of equal States; but I have faith that, if the con-
servative men North and South stand together in
the Union, these doctrines never will be earned
out to any dangerous extent. The success of that
party, followed by an enforcement of its doctrines,
would inevitably result in its speedy overthrow.
The great conservative masses of the North would
soon realize that this Republican idea that an irre-
pressible conflict must go on between the labor
systems of the two sections, until one or the other
is exterminated, is unfounded, fanatical, danger-
ous, and completely refuted by the rise, process,
and glory of this nation, and its general domestic
tranquillity, under the operation of the two sys-
tems, united together as they have been since the
foundation of the Republic. 'With one half of the
States holding slaves, we have grown to be so
prosperous and great as a nation that we challenge
the wonder and admiration of the world.
Besides, m Republican minds, the freedom of
the negro is inseparably connected with the idea
of his right to be clothed with the privileges and
immunities of the white man; and hence, where-
rver Republicanism is firmly established, we see
the effort is made to place the two races upon
terms of equality. In Massachusetts, which is
the embodiment of Republican ideas, negroes may
intermarry with whites, may hold office, may send
their children to the free schools in common with
the whites, may sit on juries in the trial of white
persons, and may not only vote at all elections,
but are allowed to do so on more favorable terms
than the naturalized white man. The same
equality exists, I believe, in several other Repub-
lican States, and the effort would undoubtedly be
made to extend it to all, m the event that party
succeeded in establishing itself in power. This
would be followed by such a reaction, m some of
the free States, as would cause the speedy over-
throw of the party. I give it as my opinion that
Indiana would not, under any state of circum-
stances, tolerate a party that favored the elevation
of the negro to terms of political equality with
the white man. Her whole history and legisla-
tion go to confirm that opinion. She has, by
constitutional provisions of the most stringent
character, and in spue of the leaders of the Re-
publican party, three or four of whom are now
members of this House, excluded negroes and
mulattoes from coming within her borders at all.
We believe that the negroes are inferior by na-
ture, and that whenever they are brought in con-
tact with the white man, they will, in some form
or other, be subject to his superior intelligence
and will. This is the natural position of the
negro, when,the two races are compelled to live
together. We want nothing to do with them our-
selves; but we have no " holy horror" to express
because they are held in a state of slavery in the
South. They are better off there than they were
in Africa; and, if set free, would be too worthless
and improvident to take care of themselves, and
would become a burden and a curse to the white
people near whom they might reside. A neigh-
borhood of free negroes is a great pest in a free
State, and, if clothed with all the rights of the
whites, I should regard the nuisance as intoler-
able.
The free and independent white men and wo-
men of Indiana will never submit to the degrada-
tion of being placed on an equality with ttio ne-
gro; and I believe, if they are driven by the negro
equality and lrnepressible-conflict-loving doctrines
of this sectional party to decide between opening
wide the doors of that State for the unlimited in-
gress of negroes, clothed with the legal right to
live on terms of equality with the whites, as they
arc in Republican Massachusetts, and coming in
great multitudes, as they undoubtedly would, or
receiving them, m numbers limited to the demand,
to be held, within the bounds of judicious and phi-
lanthropic restriction, in a state of legal subjection
to the white man—I say I believe a majority of
the people of Indiana would decide in favor of the
latter. Not because they wish it, but as a choice
of evils, and under the belief that in so doing they
would best subserve the interests of both their
own and the negro race. I hope and believe, sir,
that no such alternative will ever be presented;
but it is well for statesmen to consider what might
be the result, in conservative States, of carrying
the doctrines of negro equality and the irrepressi-
ble conflict to their ultimate and legitimate con-
clusions. But 1 am satisfied that whatever the
national and conservative men of my State might
determine to do in such a contingency would only
be done, within the limits of the Union, for they
will only " march under the flag and keep step to
the music of the Union."
an appeal to southern iv^n.
And having said this much, Mr. Clerk, I must
be permitted to say, and I do so in a spirit of
kindness, th<it I do not concur with all that has
been said on this side of the House during this
debate. I have heard sweeping allegations against
the North which were unjust to at least a large
portion of the free States. Gentlemen from the
South have too often forgotten in the heat of de-
bate that there were different sections m the North,
and different classes of people; and have too often
failed, unintentionally I hope and believe, to make
proper discrimination between them.
I should also fall short of performing my duty
if I did not frankly say to those of my southern
friends who entertain extreme southern views,
that the idea of secession or disunion is exceed-
ingly distasteful to the people of the free States,
except the Abolitionists of the most ultra school;
and all that is lightly or unguardedly said by you
here, seeming to favor or contemplate that result,
or any other extreme position, is eagerly caught
up, and often distorted, to create the impression
that the Democratic party ia in favor of universal
slavery extension and disunion. These are the
kind of assaults we have to repel, and it depends
very much upon you whether our hands shall be
strengthened or the hands of the common enemy.
My own opinion is, that if prudent counsels
prevail and moderation be practiced, we shall be
able to overthrow the Republican party at the
next election, formidable as that party may now
appear. Recent events have awakened the people
more thoroughly to the dangerous tendency of
the doctrines of that party, and inspired them with
a determination to put it down at all hazards. And
when 1 speak of moderation, I do not mean the
abandonment of any constitutional right or of any
principle the Democracy have ever held, but we
must guard against sectionalism and extreme
views m our own household. The great-Dcmo-
cratic party, that has so long and so justly boasted
of its nationality, must not degenerate into a mere
southern sectional party, or a party that tolerates
the sentiment of disunion; if it does, its days are
numbered and its mission ended.
The Democracy of the free States saw, with
deep regret, the rise of this Republican party upon
a pure sectional basis, and assuming an attitude
of hostility to the interests of the South. They
regarded it as the harbinger of discord and of woes
unnumbered, and as foreboding, if unchecked, the
greatest misfortune that has yetbefallen ourcom-
mon country. It was notour property and our
peculiar institutions that were endangered; but we
regarded you as brothers, and determined not only
to stand by you in all your constitutional rights,
but to join you in a war of political extermination
against your foes. We knew the popular preju-
dices and the fearful odds we had to encounter; we
knew that upon our heads the blows would chiefly
fail; but we stopped not to count the cost. W^e
enlisted in the grand national army for the war,
but to fight only under the banner of the Consti-
tution and the Union; and we'never contemplated
for a moment that, upon the first occasion of dis-
aster, any portion of the forces would desire to
draw off and raise a separate and sectional ban-
ner. We entered the campaign prepared to die,
if need be, in defense of the Constitution and your
rights; and we have stood, like loyal and true
men, in defense of the common cause to this good
hour.
Cut now a crisis approaches. We arc on the
verge of a great battle with this sectional army,
headed, it may be, by their great leader of the
" irrepressible conflict." What will the northern
Democracy do ? We shall do all that gallant and
brave-hearted men can do to win the victory; butif
it is our misfortune to be defeated, are we to under-
stand that it is the purpose and intention of our
southern allies to desert the national army, setup
for themselves out of the Union, and leave us of
the free States to the tender mercies of our victo-
rious enemies, in that fearful struggle of actual
force which would most inevitably ensue?
Looking at this matter from the particular stand-
point you occupy, it is to be feared you have not
always properly appreciated the position of the
free-State Democracy, or the perils which would
environ them in the event of a resort to the ex-
treme measures to which I refer. Would you
expect us, in such an event, to go with you out
of the Union? If so,let me tell you frankly,your
expectations will never be realized. Collectively,
as States, it would be impossible, and as individ-
uals, inadmissible; because it would involve in-
numerable sacrifices, and a severance of those
sacred ties which bind every man to his own im-
mediate country, and which, as patriots, we never
would surrender.
It is in vain that you assign, as one reason for
contemplating this act, that we have grown too
weak m the North to successfully copc with the
enemy. If bravo men and true have fallen—as
they have fallen all over the North—in the name
of justice let me ask, in what cause have they fallen2
If we have thus grown feeble in numbers, so much
the greater reason why you should not desert us;
but stay with us in the Union, and fight with us,
side by side, and shoulder to shoulder, in mam-
i tenance of the Constitution of our fathers, until wo
win the victory, or perish together m one common
j grave !
I am the only member, save two, left on this
floor, from the free States, of all the men who voted
| for the Kansas-Nebraska bill: but yft I am not
discouraged, and I tell you it is a great mistake to
suppose that we are as weak at the North as you
seem to apprehend.
We could number but seventeen Democratic
Representatives from the free States m the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, and yet we rallied, carried the
presidential election, and increased our numbei of
Representatives in the Thirty-Fifth Congicss to
fifty-three. We have hero now twenty-seven, and
! some fractions, rather difficult to enumerate, but all
! good for seed, and with a favorable season, and a
reasonable amount of industry, we may be blessed
with abountiful harvest next time. At all events,
gentlemen, do not despair of the Republic, and
do not place too light an estimate upon the northern
Democracy. I say it in no spirit of offensive
c<#nparison; but we can muster more men at the
ballot-box to vote down this sectional Republican
