1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fair? It is upon the evidence submitted to Con-
gress. "Was it ever known that a party who
made such a speculation was not very careful that
the writings should be properly and carefully and
critically drawn ? Shakspearfe has said " that the
world's law is not the poor man's friend;" and
we say with as perfect certainty that, whenever
a written contract is made between the poor sol-
dier and the banker upon such a transaction as
this, the paper will be sure to read against the
soldier, and show a fafr contract on his part. He
is a poor speculator who does not see that it is
so. Why not go on and issue these patents in
the name of the soldiers, and then let this claim-
ant go before a court of equity on these papers,
and ask them, on an examination of the case and
an establishment of an equitable title, to convey
the land to him. He has a fair legal remedy.
"Why should Congress interpose to take judicial
cognizance, as it were, of this ease, where the
rights of two parties arc concerned, and one only
is heard and the other unheard? Why should
we take such a case, and place ourselves in the
seat of judgment of the judiciary, and decide ex
parte that the patent for this man's land shall go
to another, leaving him a nominal right to im-
peach the transaction in a court of equity? You
may just as well defer it to the sounu of the last
trumpet, when all men shall appear tftere, to make
his claim.
Sir, there is a plain legal remedy. This gen-
tleman can apply in the name of the soldier, and
on the establishment of his claim the patent will
issue to the soldier, and then he can, by a suit in
equity and the production of this contract, if his
claim be a fair and equitable one, get a decree,
after both parties shall have been heard by the
chancellor. There is nothing more just and plain
than that this man ought to be left to his legiti-
mate rights before a court of justice, and that
Congress ought not to interpose in favorof a claim
accompanied by so many circumstances that jus-
tify and warrant suspicion. But no matter how
free from suspicion, it is not our business to in-
terpose in such a case, and take the place of a
court of justice.
Mr. POLK. I think it due to this claimant to
say a word in this case. I do not know him; but
since Congress has been in session, about a month
and a half ago, I received a letter from him. He
resides now in Jefferson county, in the State of
Missouri. At the time the claim was presented,
he was a citizen of Pennsylvania. I inquired, in
regard to him, of one of my colleagues in the other
House, in whose district he resides, and then I
inquired in regard to the claim. He was a banker
at the time of this transac&jon. He has since
been unfortunate,and is ndw living in some poor,
obscure way m Jefferson county, Missouri, I be-
lieve, engaged in farming. I mentioned this ease
to the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
Robert Johnson, of Arkansas, who has the' same
name, and he told me he would scrutinize it very
carefully, because the man bore the same name
with himself. I told him, of course, that I wished
him to do so. From a conversation with the
chairman of that committee, I am satisfied he
came to the conclusion that the claim was just;
and before doing so, the very first step he took
was to refer the whole of these papers to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. He be-
came satisfied, first, that this gentleman, at the
time he made this purchase, made it more out of
consideration for the circumstances m which the
discharged soldiers were found than for the pur-
pose of making a speculation; next, that he paid
for the papers a full value—more than they would
bring at this time; next, that the Government of
the United States is in duty bound to give this
land to whoever is entitled to receive it; that is,
the Government of the United States has had as
great a consideration in tins instance as m any
other; that this party is the representative, by
virtue of a fair purchase, of those soldiers, and
that was the thing that was particularly inquired
into. The soldiors are scattered abroad—some of
them, perhaps, not to be found, some of them
may bo dead—and the surest way and the shortest
way of doing justice is, to pass this bill as it came
from the House in behalf of this gentleman.
Now, Mr. President, I do not know what cir-
cumstances of suspicion there are in this case
beyond the fact that the man who purchased was,
at the time he purchased, a banker; and the men
who sold, at the time they sold, were soldiers
who had just been discharged from their duty in
Mexico. These are the two circumstances of
suspicion. The committee have satisfied them-
selves, notwithstanding, that this was not a specu-
lation of the kind that has been referred to by the
Senator from Kentucky, but was a transaction in
which the purchaser paid the full value of the
thing at the time he purchased it, and not with
the view of taking advantage of the soldier who
sold, and that that valuo is more than the bounty
land warrants would this moment bring if put
into market.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I remember
this Mr. Johnson when he was a banker in Phil-
adelphia. He failed in business several years
ago. He had the reputation of being an honest
man, and I have no doubt that he bought these
warrants in good faith; that he paid the price at
which they were then selling, which is much
higher than the present price. It was his busi-
ness to buy land warrants. He was engaged in
that special business as a broker for several years.
In the revulsions of 3857 he failed, and has gone
to Missouri, where he now lives as a farmer.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Have warrants issued
in all these cases?
Mr. LANE. They are to be issued under this
bill.
The bill was passed.
SHELDON M'KNIGHT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 30, for the purpose of conjur-
ing in an amendment made by the House of Rep-
resentatives. It will not take any time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 30) for the
relief of Sheldon McKnight, which was to insert
at the end of the bill:
Provided, That tlm sum allowed by virtue of this act
shall not in any wise exceed §45,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
SCHOOL LANDS IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. TRUMBULL, 1 move to take up House
bill No. 424, for the relief of a township in the
State of Illinois. It will take but a moment.
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his motion. I am very desirous to take up
the post route bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill will take but a
moment. There can be no objection to it. It is
for the relief of a township where the sixteenth
section has been appropriated to other purposes.
["All right!"]
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. II.
No. 424) for the relief of congressional township
number six south, of range number eight west,
in Randolph* county, State of Illinois, was con-
sidered us in Committee of the Whole. Inasmuch
as section number sixteen, in township number
six south, of range number eight west, in Ran-
dolph county, Illinois, is covered by a private
claim No. 2050, by reason of which the section
has been lost to the township for school purposes,
it is proposed to authorize the school trustees for
the township to select three quarter sections of
land in equal subdivisions, of any of the public
lands of the United States subject to entry or sale
at the minimum price of $1 25 per acre. When
it shall have been selected by the trustees, and a
description returned to and approved by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, a patent is
to issue to the inhabitants of the township, to be
held and disposed of by them for the use of schools
within the township m the same manner as other
school lands arc held and disposed of.
The Committee on Public Lands reported an
amendment, to strike out the words " thereof to
the" after the word " issue," and insert " there-
for to the said land to the said trustees for the use
of the."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the amendment
wiil not be agreed to. It amends the bill as to the
person to whom the patent shall go. I do not
think there is any importance in it. I have no
objection to the amendment, except that it sends
the bill back to the House.
Mr. LANE. If the Senator does not want the
bill so amended, I am sure 1 shall not insist upon
it. I will only say, that the committee thought
they would better protect the people of that town-
ship by providing that the land should "be held
for the benefit of the people, rather than leaving
the bill a% it stood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the bill is, it is for the
benefit of the inhabitants. The amendment oijly
directs that patents shall issue to the trustees. 1
tliirilt there will be no difficulty about it. The
bill, as it came from the House, provides that the
patent " sliall issue to the inhabitants of said con-
gressional township." I do not think there is
any more in it. I prefer that the bill should not
be amended.
Mr. LANE. Very well.
Mr. BRAGG. The difficulty with the commit-
tee was, that there were no person or persons
designated by the House bill to whom the patent
could issue. It was vague and uncertain; in other
words, there was no grantee. Tile inhabitants of
the town can hardly receive a grant. -
Mr. COLLAMLR. I ask the Senator from
Illinois, if the inhabitants of the township are by
general act of the State incorporated?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are all incorporated.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then they will take, of
course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
any importance in, or necessity for, the amend-
ment.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HON. DAVID O. BRODERICK.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and he is
hcroby, directed to pay out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, to the assignee of Hon. David C. Brodericfc, de-
ceased, late a Senator of the United States, the amount of
compensation due the deceased at the tune of his deaUi.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone all prior
orders, with a view to proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator to let me take
up the post route bill first.
Mr. FITCH. I wish the Senator from Virginia
would fix a certain hour for executive business,
and permit us to make reports in the mean time.
Mr. MASON. If I can retain the motion before
the Senate, and give way temporarily to allow
reports to be made, I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The motion of the Senator from Virginia is pend-
ing; but, by unanimous consent, the Senator frorr
Indiana can submit his report.
Mr. YULEE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER^ Then the ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business.
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senate will not agree
to the motion of the Senator from Yirginia. The
business of legislation should take precedence of
executive business, because this body alone has
the function to attend to executive business when-
cvcrit may be convenient; but wercquirc the con-
current action of another branch in matters of
legislation, and wc have but two days remaining.
1 hope, therefore, the Senate will not agree to the
motion of the Senator from Virginia, but will
take up the post route bill.
Mr. MASON. I make the motion only in dis-
charge of the duty that devolves on me. I am
satisfied, and doubtless the Senate is, that unless
we do give this day to executive business, we
shall be detained here m executive session after
the adjournment of Congress. If that is the pleas-
ure of the Senate, I have no objection.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senate is very desirous
to go into executive session, I shall not object;
but I will say that I shall hope, at an early hour
after wc have gone into executive session, we may
return into open session for the purpose of taking
up this bill.
Mr. MASON. I hope the question will be
put.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Florida gives
up the chance to take up the post route bill now,
he will not get it up this session. If the motion
of the Senator from Virginia is agreed to, we shall
be in executive session all day.
