1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<2281
iio idea of saying a single word upon this subject
this morning. But after what was said yesterday
upon the other side, I could not remain silent
in justice to the committee that reported this bill,
of which I am a member, and the parties in in-
terest that propose to build this line. A tele-
graphic line of communication with the Pacific is
demanded by the American people; their inter-
ests require it; and he is no statesman who will
allow trifling considerations or sectional differ-
ences to influence his voice or his rote in oppo-
sition to this beneficent enterprise. There is a
great deal more I wish to say, but under the cir-
cumstances, and as so little time remains to take
the vote before the expiration of the morning
hour, I will conclude by accepting the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Texas, who, I un-
derstand, wishes to modify it still further. I call
the previous question.
Mr. REAGAN. I will modify my amendment,
so that it will read:
Beginning at such point upon the west bank of the Mis-
sissippi river as the parties may designate.
Mr. ALLEY. If my colleague upon the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads [Mr.
Craig, of Missouri] demands to be heard, I cer-
tainly cannot refuse to grant his request.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw my demand for the
previous question for the purpose of allowing my
colleague upon the Post Office Committee to
speak.
The gPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman must yield the floor, if he yields it at
all, unconditionally. ,
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. He does that, I
believe.
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot, without the consent
of my colleagues upon the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, yield the floor uncondi-
tionally. I know they are anxious to dispose of
this bill.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made; and there-
fore the gentleman from Massachusetts must keep
the floor, or yield it unconditionally.
Mr. ALLEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion
Mr. CRAIG, .of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Tile Chair-will hear me, I know,
for this is the first time I ever attempted to raise
a point of order in my life. My colleague upon the
Post Office Committee [Mr. Colfax] introduced
a bill which he says is a report from that com-
mittee. The House will remember that the com-
mittee, when they reported back the bill to the
House, struck out from the Senate bill the point
named in it—any point west of the Mississippi
river—and inserted "St. Joseph," Missouri.
Now, I want to know by what authority he does
that, when that committee has not been in session
so as to instruct him m reference to that matter.
The gentleman has changed the report not only
onee,"buthe hats changed it twice during his re-
marks here to day.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 raise the point of order
that the gentleman from Missouri is not making
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say that
the amendments were received as the individual
amendments of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Colfax,] who had the power to accept any
amendment he chose.
Mr. COLFAX. I can explain this matter to
my colleague in a single word. I made the report
by the authority of a majority of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. Afterwards,
"with the consent of the committee, I offered'a
substitute to the bill,embracingwhatchanges the
committee had agreed upon, with the single ex-
ception of the point of location. I told my col-
league [Mr. Craig, of Missouri] yesterday, that
we should have to abandon St. Joseph, from the
general objection to making any specific and pos-
itive point. Therefore, the bill being my own, I
• accepted the amendments, because I wished to
conform, in all my action here, to the wishes of
a majority of the House, as far as that wish had
been expressed.
Mr. ALLEY. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana a question.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot answer any questions
now.
Mr. EDWARDS. I rise to a question of or-
der.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire will state his question of order.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Thcgentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] has withdrawn the
call for the previous question, and I have the
floor.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, my point is,
perhaps, not strictly a point of order. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ¥NDERWOOD. Then mine is, Mr,
Speaker.
Mr. EDWARDS. But it is as much in order
as the debate that has been allowed on the other
side.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My point of order is,
that the demand for the previous question is now
■pending, and I want to know if it is in order for
this debate to go on as it has gone on for the last
ten minutes?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that it is all out of order.
Mr. EDWARDS. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has withdrawn the call for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. It is all out of order. The
point of order applies to him and all others, k
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will not the Speaker
hear a question of privilege?
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Is it in order
to move to lay the whole subject on the table?
' The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Then I make
that motion, and call for the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 80, nays 91, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avciy, Halibut, Ban, lieak', ltin;;!l;ui), Uutclcr, lioyce,
iirancli, Iirl*tuw, HuuieU, liuinlumi, Clopton, Cobb, Clarft
li. t'oehiam1, Burton C'raige, Ciawiord, Curry, Davidson,
John Davis, Uc. .larncuc, Kdmundhon, EtUcndeie, Ferry,
GattrHI, Jlanicinan, John T. Hani-,, lla^kin, Uawkuis,
Hill, lloald, tlolmun, Houston, William A. Howard, K:l-
gore, Landium, DeWitt C. Leacli, James M. Lend), Love,
l.ovi'joy, Maolav, Mallory, Maynaid, MePheison, Mc-
Uueen,*Milcv, Million, lieniiam Mooie, Morrill, Isaac
N. .Mom>, Nelson, IVyton, IV, or, i'f.mii, Kenyan, Reynolds,
Ki^g>, James O. Kobinsou, ilovcc. Itullin, Rust, Heiivvaitz,
•Sedgwick, Singleton, William Simtli, William N. II.
,Snntli, Spinner, Stall worth, Stevenson, Stokes, Thayer,
Thomas, Tram, V ance, Van Wyek, Vvade, Walton, ami
W msiow—fcO.
NAYS—Messis. Charles F. Adains, Greon Adams, Ad-
lain, Aldrieh, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Barrett,
Blair, Blake, Brayton, ISnggs, Ituffintoii, Butch, Iitirlin-
game, llutterfleld, Carey, Carter, Horace F. Clark, John il.
Clark, John Cochrane, Collax, James Crutg, Curtis, II.
Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dtleil, Dunn, likiKCrtun,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Eenton. Florence, Foster, French,
Gooch, Graham, Grow, J. IVIoirtson IJarris, llriinick, Hick-
man, William Howard, Hushes, Humphrey, Mine Inns, Ir-
vine, Junkm, Francis W. Kcilo£!j,Killlnger, Lee, J.ooinls,
Marston, McKean, MclCmght, Millwatd, Laban T. Mooie,
Moorhead, Edward Joy Moiris, Noell, Olm, l'emlleton,
Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Potter, Pottle, Q,uarles, Ktce, Christo-
pher Uobuison, Scott, Scranton, Stanton, James A. Stew-
art, William Stewart, Stout, Stratum, Tappan, Taylor,
Tompkins, Trimble, L!ndiiiwood,Waldron,ElhhuB Wash-
burne, Webster, Weils, Wilson,'Windom, Woodlufl', and
Wooctsou—91,
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. NIXON stated thatMr. BRABsoNhad been
called home on account of sickness in his family,
and that he had paired off with him on the tele-
graph bill; otherwise he [Mr. Nixon] would have
voted " no."
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he had consented to
pair off on this bill with Mr. Conkling, who was
detained at home by sickness.
Mr. DE JARNETTE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Leake, had paired off with Mr. PoaTER for
a week from to-day.
Mr. FLORENCE said: Inasmuch as there is
so much contention and difficulty about this matter,
I have voted to lay it on the table; butin order to
give a full opportunity to prepare a fair bill and
pass it, I change my vote, and vote " no."
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. PHELPS. Better let the previous ques-
tion be seconded first.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would cat off the
motion. The bill will come up regularly In the
morning hour, to-morrow morning.
Mr. COLFAX. J desire to get this bill outof
the way, so that the committees can be called in
the morning heur. I wish that the House shall
decide the matter one way or the other; and &m,
therefore, anxious to go on and finish it to-day.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BIIX. '
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. John
Cochrane in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 339) making ap-
propriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of Government for the year'
ending the 30th of June, 1861, the question being
on Mr. Florence's amendment to Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment, to strike out the following
clause:
" For compensation of the auxiliary guard, and for fuel,
oil, and lamps, and for twenty policemen, $32,400."
Mr. Florence's amendment being to increase
the appropriation one dollar.
Mr. FLORENCE. I had not concluded my
remarks yesterday evening, when the committee
rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will infcrmihe
gentleman that there was one minute of his time
left.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well, I will move to
amend. I would rather forego that minute, and
get five minutes by offering another amendment,
if the Chair will recognize me.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment was to increase the amount one dollar; on
that amendment, he was speaking, and there is
one minute of his time left.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was proceeding yester-
day to say in regard to these policemen that there
was no information given of the serenade on Sat-
day night, or of the meeting, as there was of the
meeting at Carusi's saloon, where I was assailed;
and there was very good excuse indeed why the
.police, who were m the performance of their duty
on their accustomed beats, were not present at
the meeting held on Saturday night. That, if
there were no other excuse, would be a reason
why the police were not present in the perform-
ance of their duty on Saturday night.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Iask theconsentofthecom-
mittee simply to read the action of the Common
Council, in order to vindicate the city from the
aspersion cast upon it.
Mr. CAREY. I object; we have had enough
of it—plenty.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire that the action of
the town council of Washington city may be
submitted to the consideration of the committee.
Mr. CAREY. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I propose now to amend
by increasing the appropriation two dollars. _ I
do not desire to detain the committee, but I wish
to have read the action of the Common Council
of Washington city, in regard to this difficulty.
The Clerk read, as follows:
u The Disturbancf at the Political Meeting on
Saturday Night.—The followingresoluuons were intro-
duced by Mr. Jones, Jast evening, in the board of Common
Council, and passed without a dissenting vote:
"Joint resolutions in reference to the disturbance of a
pohtcal meeting on the 19th ofMay, 1S60.
« Resolved, <§'c.j That wchave heard with feelings of in-
dignation and regret of the attack oh a public meeting held
in this city on Saturday last, under the auspices ot one of
the political parties of the country, resulting in the tem-
porary dispersion of the meeting, periling personal safety,
and endangering private property.
" Resolved, That recognizing, as we do, to the fullest ex-
tent, the liberty of speech, we emphatically rebuke and
condemn its infringement by'a lawless mob, regarding all
such attempts a3 inflicting a blow upon our free institutions,
tarnishing the fair name and character of this city, and
prejudicing its great and growing iutere^* in the estimation
ol the people ot' the country.
" Resolved, That whilst according due credit fo the city
police for their prompt interference in restoring oide^. and
securing the icassemhlage ot'the meeting on Saturday last,
yrt, in anticipation of like outrages utfuture political as-
semblages prioi to the next presidential election, the Mayor
be jequested to exert the wiioie power of the city, by a
