318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
and abilityand with honor to the country and
this House. Since that period, I have voted first
for one and then for another, belonging to the re-
spective parties, in opposition to the Republican
party; and I am now willing, as I have asserted
here to-day, to make all the sacrifices necessary
in order to accomplish a result so desirable as the
speedy organization of this House.
Mr. Clerk, gentlemen tell me that they cannot
see how it is to be effected. Sir, it never will be
effected unless there can be some concession,
some compromise on the part of gentlemen who
persist in a determination to elect no man who
does not correspond with them in their political
opinions and principles. Sir, is there any mem-
ber here opposed to the Republican party that
you would not prefer to see in the Speaker's
chair in preference to one of that party, I care
not how objectionable his politics may be r None,
sir. It is important to the country, important to
its peace, important to its tranquillity, important
perhaps to the stability of our institutions that
this House should be organized; and why then
will you not make some concession in order to
effect that organization?
Sir, it may be, for aught 1 know, that it will be
impossible to accomplish an object so important
ana desirable. But, sir, as a means most likely
to affect an organization, if such a thing bo pos-
sible, I have a proposition to make to the three
parties upon this floor opposed to the Republican
party. I propose to the Democratic party, to
the American party, and to the anti-Lccompton
party, that they meet at this Capitol to-night,
appoint a committee of three from each, and let
those gentlemen ofthose respective committees see
if they cannot agree upon a full organization of
this House, from Speaker down to Doorkeeper.
[Applause in the galleries.] It is the only way,
in my judgment, in which it will ever be possible
for the Opposition to the Republican party to or-
ganize the Hduse. These committee men, after
their appointment by their respective parties, may
meet and agree upon some arrangement for the
organization of the House, which they can, each
to nis own party, submit for further action; and,
sir, I apprehend that there will be patriotism
enough with the members of eacii party, to in-
duce them all to indorse whatever arrangement
may be made by «uch a committee. I am out-
wide of you all; i am here to-day independent of
all these organizations; and I am willing to vote
for the men that shall be agreed upon by those
committees, in reference to the appointment of
which I shall in no way participate. If every gen-
tleman will act with the same spirit—and every
gentleman may so act honorably and without
making any sacrifices, sir, and his action will be
justified by his constituents and the country; if
we do so we'may effect an organization, and re-
lieve those worthy creditors who are now suffer-
ing in consequence of a violation of the plighted
faith of the Government.
Sir, we have occupied the time of this House
for a period of four weeks in making eloquent
and patriotic speeches in defense of the Constitu-
tion and its compromises. I indorse them most
cordially, and think that in all probability they
are calculated to effect great good in the country.
I suggest, however, that it would perhaps be bet-
ter to cease making anymore speeches until after
the organization of the House. I suggest to gen-
tlemen that perhaps our constituents and the
country would be better satisfied if we would con-
tinue to devote our time assiduously to the great
and important desideratum of organizing this
House. I hope then, sir, after my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. AveryJ has submitted his re-
marks, that we shall go to that work with una-
nimity.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Clerk,
I appreciate the remarks of the eloquent gentleman
from Missouri. I am willing to do all that can
be done to organize this House. I believe, how-
ever, that the gentleman ^proposition did not ex-
tend quite to our side. The gentleman has real-
ized what I thought was a myth before: that is he
has proposed—and I hope they may have ^good
time of it—he lias proposed that 3happy family
described in the Prairie, where the pfairie wolf,
the owl, and the rattlesnake live in one hole.
{Great laughter.] When they get together in this
hole to-night, t trust that there will be no biting,
in order to show that we are in earnest, I move
that we proceed toavotevivatwceforSpeaker; and
that the person having the largest number of votes
shall be declared Speaker of this House for this
Congress.
Mr. AVERY took the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is my prop-
osition entertained?
The CLERK. The motion may be entertained
by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did not
hear anybody object.
Several Members from the Democratic benches.
"W"e object.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Well, I see
there are a great many objections from that side
of the House. That is enough. [Laughter.]
Mr. AVERY. Mr. Clerk, I did not intend,
during the whole course of this debate, to say one
word, doubtful as I was whether in this, our un-
organized condition, it was the* most propitious
time to enter into the unlimited field of discussion
into which this House has drifted. Nor is my
purpose now more than to say one word in or-
der, if possible, to bring back this debate from the
boundless range it has taken, and confine it to the
legitimate question which is before this body—
the organization of this House—and in that con-
nection to say*a word in regard to where the re-
sponsibility rests for not having, according to the
forms of law, organized this House, and proceeded
to the legitimate business that is so much required
of us at the hands of our people, as has been so
properly portrayed by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, who preceded me, [Mr. Anderson.]
I think we have talked quite enough. I am for
action upon the part of the people of the South.
If I am asked what sort of action, I will say first,
and preparatory to any future move that may be
deemed necessary, that sort of action which has
been recently illustrated in the movement of more
than three hundred southern medical students in
seeking southern institutions; I will say that sort
of action exemplified in the resolves I have recently
seen of the women of old Mecklenburg county,
North Carolina, where first was thundered forth
the declaration of independence that they are no
longer dependent on the North for what they use
and wear. I will say such action as will open up
a direct trade between our southern sea-ports and
the commercial marts of Europe; such action as
will cause manufactures to spring up as by magic
I upon our own streams, in our own smiling val-
! leys and thriving cities, and, in a word, make us
independent of northern enterprise and northern
art. Touch these nerves of northern interest, and
more is accomplished than by all the speeches that
have been or will be made here or elsewhere. Let
this be done, not by hasty or unwise legislation,
but by united compact, and then what more to be
done to meet future exigencies, time alone can de-
j termine.
| How, sir, do we present ourselves before the
1 country and upon the record? We came here the
, Representatives of a great peopje, each the polit-
j ical peer of the other, representing a constituency
J alike entitled to the rights and equalities which
j were guarantied to them by the Constitution of
\ the country. Each particular party, or sections
| of parties, as perhaps some may be more properly
I termed, presented their respective candidates for
j Speaker of this body. In one of the candidates
1 presented, to wit, the candidate of the Republican
' party, what do we find5 We find the leader of
I that party in this House, [Mr. Sherman] and
j sixty-odd members of that party have indorsed,
j recommended,signed, and published to the world,
| a book which stnkes not at any political creed,
j but at the very vitality of one section of this,
i Union. What then? "VVas anything more natu-
; ral, more legitimate, than that a resolution, such
j as that offered by the gentleman from Missouri,
. [Mr. Clark,] should come from some quarter,
[ saying that no man who indorsed those scnti-
; meats was fit to occupy that third place, in point
: of dignity, in the gift of this Government? That
i resolution was presented to this House. In my
! judgment, the question embodied in it is not a
1 debatable one. I think no man of any party
I ought to be willing to shrink from the responsi-
i bility of a vote upon that resolution; and with
' deep regret did I witness the distinguished gen-
j tieman from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] offer
i the amendment he did at that time. I will not at-
- tribute motives to any gentleman. It is not my
business here to do so; and I accord, until the
contrary is shown, to every gentleman the same
patriotic motives which should exist in the breast
of every member upon this floor; but I can say
what would be the result of the amendment in-
troduced by the gentleman from North Carolina.
It was a sort of lightning-rod resolution to snatch
away the just lightning which had gathered, and
which was about to fall, and which ought to fall,
upon the heads of those who signed that Helper
book. Such was the effect of the resolution. I
say it should have fallen from the clouds which
overhung the Republican party, and scathed and
struck down whoever did indorse tliatmostincen-
diary document.
And with what deep regret did I witness my
distinguished colleague [Mr. Nelson] come to the
support of that resolution. 1 speak it with all due
respect, for I have the highest for that honorable
gentleman. He is a gentleman of ability, and
stands high, both personally and politically, in the
State he in part represents; but I am sure does
not represent the sentiments of the State of Ten-
nessee. I say, I witnessed with regret my col-
league coming to the assistance of the gentleman
from North Carolina, and bearing a hand to hold
up this rod that this retributive bolt might fall
harmless at the feet of the Republican party.
That was the first question presented to us, and
I would that we could strip that resolution of all
its entanglements and come directly to a vote upon
it before we do anything else, in order that we
may see if any member upon his oath is willing
to say that any Representative upon this floor,
who has indorsed that book, is fit to occupy the
Speaker's chair and preside ovci the deliberations
of the Representatives of the people of the proud-
est nation upon the earth. Is there anything in
that resolution they should shrink from voting
upon? The question is, is such a man fit or not?
Does any gentleman in this body think a man is
fit to be the Presiding Officer of this House who
has given currency to the doctrines of that book.
They have been sufficiently descanted upon; the
country is familiar with them.
What next ? We presented our candidate, the
South Americans presented their candidate, the Re-
publicans theirs; we vote for a week or more until
it is found impossible to elect under that course of
procedure* Then the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bococff,] the candidate of the Democratic
party, patriotically withdrew his name as candi-
date for the Speakership, in order to remove any
ob jection that might be urged because he was the
nominee, and leave the door open to our South
American friends to vote for any member of the
Democratic party. Why, four years ago when
the candidate of the Democratic party was pre-
sented to the House, what was the objection urged
against him? Gentlemen said that they could
not vote for the Democratic nominee because his
nomination was accompanied by a resolution
which declared principles they could not indorse.
We presented a candidate this time without this
to them obnoxious platform. In the mean time
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Boteler] pre-
sented to this House, in the name ofhis colleague,
[Mr. Millson,] a man for whom it was presumed
a majority of the Representatives upon this floor
could rally. What was the resultJ The whole
body of the Democrats, with only about one half
of the South Americans, came to the support of
Mr. Millson, showing a desire upon the part of
the Democratic members on this floor to do every-
thing which might be properly, legitimately, and
rightly done, without the sacrifice of principles,
to prevent that seat being filled by a member of
the Republican party.
When the name of my colleague [Mr. May-'
nakd] was piesented to the House, what then was
the action of the majority of the Democratic party
upon this floor ' *fhey were willing to lay osido
these party differences for a time, and patriotical-
ly to rally to that standard of common opposition
to a common enemy, if it could be made available.
Sixty-five votes were cast for Mr. Maynard.
What was the action of some of the members of
the American party when Mr. Millson's name
was presented? They said they could not vote
for him, some for one reason and some foranother.
Some, my colleague, [Mr. Etiieridge,] I believe,
among others, said they could not vote for Mr.
Millson, because he had aided in fastening on an
unwilling people the worst form of political des-
