1340'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
the boolts and papers of the Department, which
also show the fact that between July 1,1847, and
May ID, 1849, Mr. Morris paid over to the De-
partment surplus commissions to the amount of
more than thirty-three thousand dollars. It ap-
pears further, that Mr. Morris was subjected to a
further expense out of his own funds, by the es-
tablishment of a city dispatch, under the orders of
the Postmaster General, amounting to §2,331 51.
The committee report that, in justice and equity,
the legal representative of Mr. Morris should be
paid the sum of $5,680, the amount paid by him
for cleric hire, &c., for the year ending June 30,
1846. Also, the sum of $954 19, to make up for
the same year the amount of $2,000, to which he
was entitled by the act of 1825; and the sum of
$2,331 51, being the amount paid by Morris for
the city dispatch office during; the year ending
June 30,1846.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, whether this is a* unanimous
report of the committee ?
Mr. COLFAX. It is. One member of that
committee went to the Post Office Department, ex-
amined the papers in the case, and found that the
claim was unquestionably just.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
CHARLES PORTERFIELD's REPRESENTATIVES.
A bill (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Charles Porterfield, deceased.
Mr. STANTON. That case was reported to
the last House and discussed. A vote was taken
on it, and the bill was defeated by ten majority—
the vote being, I think, 78 to 88. 1 understand
that the claim ought not to pass; and it is hardly
worth while to take up time m reading the report.
The CHAIRMAN. If the bill be objected to,
it is not necessary to have the report read.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
BE. GEORGE YATES.
A bill (H. R. No. 244) for the relief of the heirs
of Dr. George Yates.
Mr. CURRY. Interest for about sixty years
is provided for in that bill. I object.
MARYETT VAN BUSKIRK.
A bill (H. R. No. 245) for the relief of Maryett
Van Buskirk.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Maryett Van Buskirk, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $50,367, in full payment for
the claim for forage, grain, cattle, and other sup-
plies furnished to the American army by the late
Thomas Van Buskirk, deceased, of Bergen county,
State of New Jersey, during the revolutionary
war.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Maryett Van Buskirk is the lineal descendant of
Thomas Van Buskirk, who was in his lifetime a
citizen of Bergen county, New Jersey. That dur-
ing the period of our revolutionary struggle he
was a wealthy farmer and grazier, and a man of
great influence. The evidence before the com-
mittee shows that he was one of the most ardent
"Whigs of the Revolution, and in a community
where a large part of the population was hostile
to the American cause. lUurtlier appears, from
theevidence and certificates on file, that the Amer-
ican troops, at different times, under the command
of Generals Wayne, Greene, and other officers,
during the period ranging between the years 1777
and 1780, encamped at Harrington, (orPeramus,
as sometimes called,) in said county and State.
In the latter years—the winter of 1779-80—
General Washington, with the main army, was
encamped at Morristown, near by. When the
committee state that as early as the year 1777 date
the poverty and extreme wants of the army, and
prostration of the credit of the Government, they
state facts known to all men.
It abundantly appears by the evidence that from
this time, while our army was in winter quarters
at Valley Forge, until the year 1780, Thomas Van
Buskirk was frequently applied to by the several
officers commanding the American troops forsup-
plies of cattle, horses, forage, grain, and other
necessary articles, all of which he furnished; and
he frequently purchased articles from others with
his own money to enable him to supply the army.
The difficult task of obtaining supplies at this
time, and in a part of the State notoriously dis-
affected; the resort to force by our officers to ob-
tain them, under the command of a resolution of
Congress, are facts known in history. The evi-
dence establishes the fact that it was during this
time that the ancestor of the petitioner, Thomas
Van Buskirk, furnished these supplies, as the evi-
dence shows, with cheerfulness and alacrity. It
is also proved that when the British had posses-
sion of Philadelphia in 1778, and Colonel Lee had
been sent into New Jersey to carry off and destroy
all that otherwise might fall into the hands of the
enemy, in order to cut off their supplies, among
those that suffered in this expedition was Thomas
Van Buskirk, who cheerfully gave up what he
had. It appears that he seldom was paid in money
for his property, but instead received certificates,
executed by the several officers in command, as
proved by the depositions of parties who saw the
officers sign many of the same. One of the wit-
nesses examined on the 1st of December, 1854,
says that he was then ninety-six years of age,
and that he saw Colonel Lee subscribe two of
the certificates, and that he saw the property de-
scribed in three of the. others delivered to Major
Tilghman. It is satisfactorily proved that the
amount of supplies of every kind thus furnished
by Thomas Van Buskirk to the American army,
with those destroyed by Colonel Lee, amounted
to the sum of $20,367, which is covered by the
certificates of the American officers, and still re-
main unpaid. Thomas Van Buskirk died in March,
1811, while the country was yet poor, without
having presented his claim for payment. He had
been several times requested to do so by his friends,
but he declined, assigning as his reason that the
country had not recovered from the embarass-
ments occasioned by the struggle for independ-
ence, and that it required the money more than
he did; at the same time, he expressed his con-
viction that the debt would, at a future day, be
paid to his heirs.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would like to ask
the gentleman who reported this case, whether it
is a unanimous report of his committee. I ask
him further, whether the certificates to which this
report alludes were presented for their inspection,
as the report avers that they all cover this sum
of $20,367?
Mr. BRIGGS. In answer to my colleague, I
will say that the committee was unanimous on
the report in this case, and that the papers were
before the committee.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
IIEIltS OF MAJOR JOHN RIPLEY.
A bill (H. R. No. 246) for the relief of the heirs
of Major John Ripley.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the heirs of the late Major John Ripley,
of the town of Windham,m the Stateof Connec-
ticut, the sum of $3,000, the commutation pay due
for the services of Ripley in the war of the Revo-
lution.
The report shows that Major John Ripley, late
of Windham, Connecticut, was commissioned as
captain in the continental arm on the 6th of July,
1775, and served as such in Colonel Jedediah
Huntington's regiment, in the war of the Revo-
lution, until the 18th of December, 1775; that in
May, 1776,'he was appointed as captain in Col-
onel Ward's regiment, and continued in that regi-
ment until the 15th of February, 1777, on which
day he was commissioned by the Continental Con-
gress as major. He was afterwards assigned to
the command of four companies in the continental
army. Major Ripley continued in the service as
such until June, 1778, when he became supernu-
merary on the reduction of the regiments in the
Connecticut line from six to two. He was again
called into service as major on the 11th of June,
1779, and continued during the war. -p
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
REPRESENTATIVES OF FRANCIS CHAUDONET?
A bill (H. R. No. 247) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Francis Chaudonet.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to the administrator of
Francis Chaudonet, a lieutenant of General Ha-
zen's regiment, the half pay for life promised by
the resolve of Congress of October 21,1780; Fran-
cis Chaudonet having lived to the 6th of April,
1810.
The report of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims states that it appears, from the balloting-
book of military service in the war of the Revo-
lution for the State of New York, that Francis
Chaftdonct served as a lieutenant in General Ha-
zen's regiment of Canadians, and that he drew
lands from the State, equal to the amount allowed
to such officers as served to the end of the war.
It also appears from the testimony of a soldier
who served in the regiment, and who was well
acquainted with Chaudonet, thatheserved through
the entire war. It appears also from the Treasury
Department, that Chaudonet did not receive his
commutation, or half pay, promised by the re-
solves of Congress of October 21,1780, and March
22, 1783. In"view that the officer never received
the commutation or half pay, the committee are
of opinion that the officer was justly entitled to
the half pay promised by the resolve of October
21, 1780; and they report a bill and recommend
its passage.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to tho
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
BRIGADIER GENERAL THOMPSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 248) for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of Brigadier General William
Thompson.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to the administrator or
legal representatives of Catharine Thompson, wid-
ow of Brigadier General William Thompson, the
seven years' half pay promised by the resolve of
Congress of August 24, 1780.
The report was read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand, from
the attention I have given to that case, that it is
proposed to give to General Thompson's repre-
sentatives the benefit of that resolution, which
requires a service to the end of the war. He diet!
before the close of the war, and therefore was not
within the resolution, of course. I cannot con-
sent that the bill shall pass sub silentio.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made,tha
bill will be passed over.
CHARLES PORTERFIELD AGAIN.
Mr. STANTON. I objected to bill No. 243,
for the relief of the legal representatives of Charles
Porterfield, deceased. At the suggestion of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Harris,] I will
consent that the bill may be reported to the House,
with the understanding that when it gets into the
House the report shall be read, explanations
made, and a vote taken upon it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I assent to that.
Mr. STANTON. I ao not want it taken into
the House, and the previous question moved on
it. • That is all.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass."
DECEASED CUSTOM-HOUSE CLERKS.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw my ob-
jection on the same terms to bill No. 233, for the
relief of the legal representatives of five deceased
clerks in the Philadelphia custom-house.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
CHILDREN OF COLONEL PHILIP JOHNSTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 249) for the relief of the or-
phan children of Colonel Philip Johnston.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to William
H. Johnston, administrator of the estate of Ra-
chael B. Johnston, widow of Colonel Philip John-
ston, for the benefit of the orphan children of
Colonel Philip Johnston and Itachael B. John-
ston, the seven years' half pay promised by the
resolves of Congress of May 15, 1778, and the
24th August, 1780, after deducting the sum of
$1,612 66, heretofore paid.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to ask
I how it is that there was a partial and not an en-
tire payment in this case?
; Mr. WINSLOW. I would like to pass that
bill over for a few moments.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is objected to.
Mr. WINSLOW. I do not object to it; but I
