THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,- D.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1860.
New Series No. 21.
are removed, and every man shall be ill his place,
and it sui s their convenience?
Mr. WINSLOW. I do not propose to post-
pone an organization in eonsequcnce of any gen-
tleman's sickness, but here members who have
left town have been detained in consequence of an
accident. They, or most of them, will be here
to-morrow, and probably all of them the next
day.
Mr. STANTON. I should be glad to know if
the gentleman does not really suppose that some
of those absentees have absented themselves with
a view to facilitate an organization?
Mr. WINSLOW. I think I may say I am
perfectly assured of the contrary.
Mr. STANTON. I submit, if they are absent
from the city without pair, whether it does not
afford a strong presumption that they are absent
for that purpose?
Mr. WINSLOW. Perhaps wc can get some
specific information on that point from gentlemen
upon the other side of the House.
Mr.STANTON. Weareof opinion that there
are some absentees with that view.
Mr. WINSLOW. Can the gentleman give us
their names?
Mr. STANTON. I would not take that lib-
erty if I could.
Mr. WINSLOW. If the gentleman desires a
call of the House, I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. STANTON. Let its have a call of the
House, that wo may see what occasion there is
for not taking a vote. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll of the-House was called; when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to then- names:
Messrs. Adrain, Barr, Beale, Blair, Brown, Carter, Clark
B. Cochrane, Covode, Curry, Dimimck, Haskin, llughes,
Irvine, Jenkins, Jones, KiHinger, ICunkel, Leake, Lonc;-
necker, Maclay, MeKean, Moorhcad, Pendleton, Reynolds,
Sickles, William Smith, Stallworth,Stevenson, Vallandig-
liam, Van Wyck, Webster, Wood, Woodson, and Wught.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Covode
had paired off with Mr. Leake until Thursday,
at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. HICKMAN stated that Mr. Haskin had
paired off with Mr. Wright, of Tennessee, until
Friday, twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Jones, had been called home on urgent busi-
ness, and that he was paired off with Mr. Irvine,
of New York.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that Mr.
ICunkel had paired off with Mr. Carter. .
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that Mr. Longneck-
er had paired off with Mr. Harris, of Virginia,
until Wednesday, at twelve o 'clock, m.; also, that
Mr. Moorhead had paired off with Mr. Wood-
son until twelve o'clock, m., on Friday,
Mr. NIXON stated that ho had paired off with
Mr. Stevenson until twelve o'clock, m., on
Thursday.
Mr. RUST stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Wood.
Mr. STRATTON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Curry until to-morrow.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Beale until Friday.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, stated that Mr.
Webster had paired off with Mr. Killinger
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. McCLERNAND stated thatMr. Pendle-
ton was absent under a belief that no vote would
be taken to-day. *
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, stated that
Mr. Bi.air had paired off with Mr. Smith, of Vir-
ginia, until Thursday, at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Dimmick had
paired off with Mr. McKean.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland,, stated that
Mr. Hughes had paired off with Mr. Curtis.
It was also stated that Mr. Bark had paired off
with Mr. Van Wyck.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the Hou.se do
now adjourn.
Mr. WILSON demanded the yeas and nays.
21
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The cfiestion was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 90, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Thomas L. Anderson. Ashmore, Avery,
Barksdale, Jiariett, JJocock, Bonham, Botelei, Bouligny,
Bojce, f3rabs0n, Branch, Bnggs, Bristow, Burch, Burnett,
John B. Clark, Clemens, CIopton,John Cochrane, Cooper,
Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Cra'vvt'ord, Davidson, H.
Winter Davis, John G. JDavis, lieubeu Davis, Do Jarnette,
Eilrnundson, English, Etheridge, Florence, Fouke, Gftrnett,
Gartreil, Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris,
Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hindman, Houston, Jackson, Keitt,
Lamar, Landium, Larrabee, JamesM. Leach, Logan, Love,
Mallory, Charles D. IVIartm, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard,
McClcmand,McQueen, McKae, Miles, Millson,Montgom-
ery, Sydenham Moore, [saac N. Moiris, Nelson, Niblack,
Noell, Pej ton, Phelps, Pryor,Pugh, Cluarles, Reagan, Biggs,
James O. Robinson, iiuffin, Scott, Simms, Singleton, Wil-
liam N. II. Smith, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout,
Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Whiteley, and Winslow—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam«, Gieen Adams, Al-
drich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Bingham, Blake, JJravton, Buffinton, Burlingame,
Burnham, Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Case,
Horace F. Clark, Cobb, CoHax, Conkhng, Coiwin, Curtis,
Duwcs, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgeiton, Edwards, Eliot,
Ely, Farnswortli, Fentoii, Ferry, Fo^tei, Frank, Fieneh,
Gooeh,Giaham, Grow, Gurley, Halo, Hall, HeJmiek, Hick-
man, Hoard,Ilolman, Howard,Humphrey, Ilutchins, Jun-
kin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kil-
gore, DeWitt C. Lcach, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maiston,
McKmght, McPhcreon, Milhvard, Laban T.Mooie, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Olin, Palmer, Pennington,
Peiry, Pett.it, Portei,Potter, Pottle, Rice,Christopher liob-
inpon, lioyeo, Schwartz, Scranton, Sherman, Somes,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Tappan, Theakei, Tompkins, Tram, Trimble, Vandever,
Veuet', Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladcr C. Wash-
burn, Kllihu B. Washburne, Isuiel Washburn, Wells, Wil-
son, Wmdom, and Woodruff— 1U6.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. KILGORE. I know that all parties arc
very anxious to got a vote, and I desire to make
a proposition to gentlemen upon the other side,
which] think a very fair one, and one which they
ought to accede to. There are two gentlemen
absent who have for the last four weeks persist-
ently, and I think very consistently, voted against
tho ^Democratic candidate.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Who are they ?
Mr. KILGORE. Messrs. Achate and Rey-
nolds. if gentlemen upon the other side will
furnish pairs for those two gentlemen—and they
have been very liberal on the subject of pairs—
we will furnish pairs for the Uvo absent gentle-
men who have voled against us. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. To enable gentle-
men to consider that proposition, which is fair
and wise, I will move that this House do now
adjourn. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. OrROW. I submit the point of order that
no business has intervened since the last vote on
a motion to adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. A very important
proposition has been submitted by the gentle-
man from Indiana. That, 1 think, is parliament-
ary business.
Mr. WINSLOW. I desire to make one more
appeal to gentlemen upon the other side. Those
gentlemen who have had any experience of the
mode of doing business m the House of Repre-
sentatives, must know that no vote can be taken
unless the minority consent to it. if the new
members on the other side who have had no ex-
perience of night sessions wish to have a little
experience of that kind, I am willing togive them
a taste of it. [Cries of "We will try it!" from the
Republican side.] 1 think, however, that they
ought to consent to an adjournment. I will say
tins, that, so far as I am concerned—and I know
many of my friends agree with me on this point
—this matter of resisting a vote because gentle-
men choose to absent themselves, cannot be per-
mitted much longer. To-day, howe\er, I think
it due to gentlemen who are absent that a vote
should not be pressed.
Mr. STANTON. If there can be any agree-
ment that we shall have a vote to-morrow at some
convenient hour, I will consent to an adjourn-
ment. [Cries of "No!" (< No!" from the Repub-
lican benches.]
Mr. WINSLOW. I will say this, that as soon
as these absent gentlemen return, so far as I am
concerned, I will not hereafter resist voting on '
account of absentees.
Mr* GROW. Let us try to-moyrow.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I voted on the
last vote against an adjournment. I will say now
to gentlemen on the opposite side of the liouse,
that if they have any intelligence whatever that
these men who are now absent are absent from
necessity or by .accident, I will vote for an ad-
journment; but, sir, I do not think it consistent
with my duty as a Representative upon this floor
to vote for an adjournment because men absent
themselves from the House. We have been en-
deavoring for four weeks to elect a Speaker, but
we have been unsuccessful. Now, when gentle-
men absent themselves from this HoiAe without
a pair, are we to stay here voting day after day
to adjourn until they choose to come in?
Mr. WINSLOW. I will say to th,e gentleman
upon the other side of the House that I believe 1
know the reason of the absence of .all these gen-
tlemen. Two of them, I have learned from their
own lips, have been called hence by business of
such an imperative character that they were bound
t3 attend to it. With regard to two other gentle-
men, they are absent by mere accident. I have
learned by telegraph to-day that they are absent
owing to the failure of trains to connect. An-
other gentleman left the Hall understanding that
no vote would be taken to-day.
Mr. STANTON. I would ask the gentleman
from North Carolina, if he expects that thes6 ab-
sent gentlemen will be here to-morrow?
Mr. WINSLOW. X expectthree of them cer-
tainly.
Mr. STANTON. Then there will be no* ob-
jection, I presume, to a vote being taken to-mor-
row.
Several Members on the Democratic side. Wo
will make no agreements.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. We will make
no bargain, and I give notice that I have got a ten
hours' speech ready, and if this thing is to be
forced upon us I will take the floor and make it.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I do not wdntto
force a vote upon you.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Whathasbecome
of my motion to adjourn ?
The CLERK. It is pending.
Mr,TOMPKINS. I demand theyeas andnays
on it.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I want to say
that there was no gentleman upon this floor more
anxious to go home than I was. I could notget
a pair. I was in that unfortunate position that X
could get no gentleman to pair with me. Now,
I submit whether it is fair that gentlemen who
have been voting with the Democrats, who have
been recognized as Democrats, who have consist-
ently supported tho Democratic nominee, up to
the clisbandment, if I may say so, of tli.e Demo-
cratic party, [laughter,] is it fair that they should
leave the House without being paired,„and with-
out any apology whatever for their absence, and
require me to stay here day after day, and week
after week, and vote to adjourn this House, for
the purpose of allowing them to b^ present to
vote ? There is no man upon this floor, as I have
said on several occasions, more opposed to a sec-
tional organization of this House than I am; there
is no one who will vote for it at a more remote
time than I will. But, I submit whether I am to
be tortured by coming here day after day, and
going through the monotonous routine of calling
the roll of yeas and nays, or voting for this man
or that man, without any result, while gentlemen
opposite absent themselves? I say that I am op-
posed to it. I voted against the adjournment on
the last vote, and I intend to continue to vote
against an adjournment, unless some gentleman
upon the oppo site side of tho House can say upon
his authority, knowing it to be true, that these
members wfto are absent are absent by accident,
or from imperative necessity.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from North Car-
olina has just said that.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a good deal offeree
