2286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
tion of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia?
Mr. BURNETT. It has.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it unanimously reported
from the committee?
Me. BURNETT. It is not.
Mr! STANTON. I should be glad to know
where is the title to this court-house and City
Hall? If it is a court-housc which the United
States has purchased and paid for, we have a right
to improve it.
Mr. BURNETT. I have stated all I know
about it. I find that it is estimated for in the es-
timates of 1858, and has been recommended by
two Secretaries of the Interior. I am instructed
by the Committee for the District of Columbia
to offer the amendment to tlus bill. I have done
so in accordance with the instructions of that
committee.
1 would state another fact; and that is, that two
courts are now compelled to bo held in the same
hall—the criminal and circuit courts—and they
very often come in conflict, one court limning
into another, so that the public business cannot
be performed.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to ask if this circuit
court to which the "gentlemen alludes is a circuit
court having jurisdiction like the United States
circuit courts m the States and Territories, or
►simply a couit for the purpose of adjudicating
matters thatanse withm the District of Columbia?
Mr. BURNETT, it is both. It has general
jurisdiction.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before I vote upon the ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair, 1 would like
to know if the gentleman from Kentucky states
that this appropriation is for the purpose of add-
ing to the present City Hall building'1
Mr. BURNETT. It is for the purpose of add-
ing to the present court-room. There is a couit-
room now furnished by the Government, in which
both the courts are held. It has been found, as
I am informed, that the accommodation is not
sufficient for the two couits. 1 know nothing
about it myself, and have only stated what I have
been informed.
Mr. PEYTON. Allow me to say to the gen-
tleman from Alabama and the committee, that the
object of this appropriation is to put up an addi-
tional wing to the building and furnish it. That
is what the appropriation is for. I think that it
is absolutely necessary; but my judgment is (hat
it is inappropriate and out of order to this bill.
If it ih admitted, a great many gentlemen will
want to bring tn similar amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 want to get at the facts,
so that 1 may know how to vote. I undei.->tand
the gentleman from Kentucky, who was last up,
[Mr. Puvro.v,] to stale that the object of this ap-
p u>p nation is to put a new wing to the City 11 all -
Mr. PEYTON. Certainly/
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, my understanding is,
though I may be mistaken, that that City ilali
property does not belong to the Government. 1
would like to know if the City Hall building is the
property of the Government?
Mr. KUNKEL. Certainly; all the public
buildings heje are.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not a public building,
I think.
Mr. KUNKEL. Judiciary square belongs to
the Govt nnnent.
Mr. HOUSTON. Judiciary square belongs to
the Government; but it is beyond the building,
and 1 never heaid that the building belonged to
the Government.
Mr. BURNETT. That part of the City Hall,
I am informed by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, to winch it is proposed to make this
appropriation apply, belongs to the Government.
Mr. KUNKEL. X call for tellers on the ap-
peal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
North Carolina* and Brasson* were appointed. |
Mr. BURNETT. I am satisfied, from the tern- ■
per manifested by the committee, that the amend-
ment will not be agreed to; and m order to obw-
t'tc difficulty, 1 will withdraw it, and let it take its
chance m the SeuiUe*
Mr. DA\ IS, ot* Maryland. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to come in after line fifty-one:
i'oi rep.'urj oJ tiie Cii^tonj-ljoasu in Uiecitv of Jialtimoie, 1
$10,000. " '
I have made some inquiry within the lastw«ck i
or ten days, and I find that the condition of this
building is such as to require repair, and very
considerable repair. It was injured by fire some
two or two and a half years ago. It has been
partially, but not completely repaired. The sum
of $,15,000 was mentioned as necessary to effect
these repairs; but, in my judgment, that is per-
haps more than is needed, and I now ask the
House to allow only $10,000.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not hear what
the gentleman from Maryland said. I would like
to ascertain what is the necessity for this appro-
priation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I have never seen
the part of the building which was injured. But
it is stated by the collector of customs that the
repair is absolutely necessary; and it has been
stated to me by several other persons that it is
necessary, for the comfort both of the officers who
have duties to perform there, as well as of the
merchants of the city, who are called there by
business. The building was seriously injured by
fii'e two or two and a half years ago, and has re-
mained in a very exposed condition from that time
till now.
Mr. KUNKEL. I would suggest to my col-
league from the city of Baltimore that he make
the amount m his amendment that estimated by
the engineer of the Treasury Department. In the
estimate in his report he says that $15,000 will be
required to make these repairs.
Air. DAVIS, ofMaryland. Is that the estimate
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings?
Mr. KUNKEL. It is the estimate of Major
Bowman, the engineer of the Tieasury Depart-
ment,
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I hope my col-
league will accept the suggestion.
Air. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will change the
amount in my amendment to §15,000.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I want to say,
in connection with the opinion expressed by my
colleague, which meets my entire concurrence, that
after tins matter came up some time since, I took
the trouble to see what was the extent and char-
acter of the damn go to this building. A fire oc-
curred there two or throe years since, wluch swept
the interior of the building, and has very much
deranged it, and inteifered with the accommoda-
tions of the officois conducting th<^ business of the
customs then', and, to some extent, with the con-
venience of the merchants transacting business
then'. I suppose the amount estimated by the
engineer in charge is the proper amount to ask;
and I hone the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 would ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
why this item was not embraced m the bill?
Mi. SHERMAN. We had no formal estimate
on the subject before u^, and could not act on it.
It was mentioned m the committee by the gentle-
man from Maryland that such an appropriation
was asked foi, but we had no other estimate.
Mi. SMITH, of Virginia. ) understood the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. KukkelJ to say
that it was estimated for.
Mr. SHERMAN. So I understood; but the
oflicial jepoits wetc not printed at the time this
bill was leporud. Although we were told that
there was such an estimate, we had not it before
us.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 would like to ask thechair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether the Treasury Department recommends
making this appropriation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have already said that it
is not included in the annual estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, i understand an estimate
has been made by the engineer m charge; but it
seems the Secretaiyof tlie Tieasury did not in-
clude it in his estimate.
Mr. BRANCH. That is precisely as T sup-
posed. It seems that the engineer in charge has
estimated for this work, and, 1 suppose, repoited
Lis estimate to the Secretary of the Treasury; but
from the fact that the Secietary has not included
in it [us estimates which he has sent to Congress,
the inference is, that the Secretary did not con-
sider the^e *>15,000 necessary to be expended on
this building in ilie city of Baltimore. 1 obsei ve
that the Committt e of Ways and Means have
viy propi iiy adopted the policy of making no
appropriation for the continuance of these public
buildings about the country, except so much as
is necessary for the preservation of the work. I
sec that in reference to the custom-house at Charles-
ton, for which one or two million has been ex-
pended, there is merely an appropriation of §3,000
for the preservation of the work. I observe the
same fact in regard to the custom-house at New
Orleans, for which some three or four million
dollars has been expended; a small amount only
is inserted for preserving the work.
Now, nothing appears here to show that this
work in the city of Baltimore is of such pressing
necessity as to take itoutof the general rule which
wc have adopted. 1 have no doubt it would add
to the comfoit of the officers who are engaged in
that building; but I do not think we are called on
to make this appropriation for that purpose.
Mr. JUNK1N. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say I am informed that the accom-
modations in this Baltimore building, in conse-
quence of the fire which has occurred there, are
so limited that the clerks are required to do double
duty in many of the rooms.
Mr. BRxYNCH. So far as that is concerned,
I do not think it is any great hardship to require
two clerks to do duty in the same room. I think
it would be much better to have eight or ten
clerks in the same room, with some one to super-
intend them.
Mr. JUNKIN. The gentleman did not under-
stand me.
[Here the hammer fell.j
Mr. HUGHES. I move to amend, so as to
make the amount $14,000. I wish to say that the
gentleman from North Carolina has fallen into an
error in classing this Baltimore building with the
unfinished buildings mentioned by him. This
building has been injured by fire, and this amount
is simply to repair the injuries which have re-
sulted from that accident. 1 can assure this com-
mittee that the health of the officers of the Gov-
ernment is liable to be seriously injured in that
building. I can say, from personal knowledge,
that this appropriation is absolutely necessary for
the convenience of the transaction of the public
business in the custom-house at Baltimore, as well
as for the safety of the health of the employes
who have to do business m the custom-house in
that city. I do not suppose that it is absolutely
necessary that this estimate shall come diiectly
ftom the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. KUNKEL. This estimate has come from
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HUGHES. I understand that the esti-
mate for this appropriation \w\s submitted by the
Secretary of the Treasury; but the special report
on which the Secretary of the Treasury acts, is
the report made by the engineer who made the
survey cf the building. 1 was in Baltimore at the
time this survey was made, and can speak from
my own observation when I say that this amount
is necessary to make the repairs which arc indis-
pensably necessary to be made upon this building.
1 now withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
The question recurred on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Davis, of Maryland; and, being
taken, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. 3 move to amend, by inserting as
follows:
For the conduction of a building for a po-n office, and
otliej Fuileial puipo-cs, at Columbus, Ohio, $'23,GU0.
Now Mr. Chairman, I wish to say a word upon
that amendment.
Air. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a
question of order. That is new legislation, and
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not in order.
Mr. COX. It is in the same condition pre-
cisely as the amendment which was ruh'd to he in
order a moment ago, in relation to the City Hall,
in this city, and certainly as much in order as the
amendment offered and carried through the com-
mittee pist now at the instance of the gentleman
fiom Maryland. There is as much existing law
m this instance as there was then.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendim nt is not in order.
Air. COX. Well, [ am sorry to see the Chair
make such a disci nuination.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 move to amend by inserting
after line ninety-nine, page 5. as follows:
For the maintenance of the vessel provided for by act ot
