322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
ift what has fallen from the member from Ken-
tucky. It is very hard upon those gentlemen—
and I, of course, am one of the number—who
remain here and endeavor to discharge their duty
to the country. The gentleman from Kentucky
ought to remember, however, that a rigid rule has
not been enforced heretofore.
Several Republican Members. Then let it be
now.
Mr. HOUSTON. Gentlemen say,  let it be
now;" but 1 ask if that is altogether fair to gen-
tlemen who have left, and who are not permitted
to return because of the feilurc to make a connec-
tion, as stated by the gentleman from North Car-
olina? These gentlemen made an effort to get
here this morning, but were unable to do so be-
cause the trains failed to connect. Now, I appeal
to the gentleman from Kentucky, and desire to
know of him whether, under these circumstances,
it is right to press a vote, or to press those of us
who are disposed to have a fair vote when one is
taken, into a tedious night session. I say I ask
him whctlftr he cannot find it consistent with his
views of duty to vote to adjourn, and afford an
opportunity to those who are absent by no fault
of theirs, to return?
Mr. Clerk, I am disposed, so far as I am con-
cerned, to get-in all our absent men, and let them
understand that, so far as my vote will go after
that time, I shall be very little disposed to extend
further indulgence to them. We are placing our-
selves in a position not altogether as pleasant as
I could desire, by seeming to resist a vote for
Speaker when the other side of the House are
pressing for it; and'wc are doing it because of the
absence of gentlemen (in this instance, I admit,
they could not help it) who ought to be here in
the discharge of their duties. But I repeat, after
these gentlemen shall have come in, if they choose
to fail to participate with those of us who are
here, in our efforts to organize the House, the re-
sponsibility will be theirs; and the country ought
to know that they are the persons who are ob-
structing the public business, who are obstruct-
ing the organization of the House, or delaying it
by their absence; and they may be the moans of
putting an individual into that chair who, in my
judgment, ought not to be there, and who, in the
judgment of the country, in my opinion, ought
not to be there. Sir, I think wc ought to adjourn
now, and 1 think the gentleman from Kentucky
ought to vote with us to adjourn.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man from Alabama yield to me for one moment?
I will say now to the gentleman from Alabama
that, if he will state the period at which he ex-
pects the gentlemen who are now absent will be
here, I am ready to vote to adjourn, and not to
take a ballot until that time; unless it is until next
spring.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Win-slow] has stated that two of
these gentlemen have telegraphed that they would
have been here to-day, but for the fact "that the
cars failed to come. He also stated that three, out
of the four would almost certainly be here to-mor-
row. One of these gentlemen, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Pesdleton,] told, me himself that he
had a child lying at the point of death in Balti-
more—a child too sick for him to remain away.
He was there without a pair during our recess;
and because he was without a pair, he returned
to Washington city this morning, but left u^ain
to be with nis sick child. I am sure my friend
from Kentucky would not take advantage of that
fact. Mr. Pendleton is paired for to-morrow, as
I understand, but is not paired for to-day. But
even if he were paired for to-day, in the absence
of other gentlemen who left during the holidays,
and could not get back for reasons which have
been assigned, or even if reasons for their non-
return had not been assigned, I ask to know of
gentlemen whether they believe it to be right to
force a vote in their absence, and especially in
view of the fact that so rigid a rule has not been
heretofore practiced > They have a right, and a
very good right, to suppose that, in their absence,
there would be an accommodation by pairing or
adjournment. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. GROW. As gentlemen say the absentees
will be in to-morrow, I hope the House will ad-
journ.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Before the House
adjourns, I ask the privilege of saying a word in
reference to the absence of one gentleman—Mr.
Adrain, of New Jersey. I know it was his in-
tention to have been here now, and that some
unavoidable cause has detained him. I had it
from his lips shortly before his leaving that he
should return to be present at the meeting of the
House, and it is but justice to him to state that
he is absent through unavoidable necessity.
The House then (athalf pastfouro'cloclr,p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 4, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. P. D.Gurley,D.D.
* CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented the credentials of
Hon. Louis T. Wigfall, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of Texas, to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon. J.
Pinckncy Henderson; which were read, and the
oath prescribed by law having been administered
to Mr. Wigfall, he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Elijah R. Merrill, praying for relief on account
of an injury received while at work for the Gov-
ernment on Bangs Island, in Portland harbor,
Maine; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
citizcns of Oakland county, Michigan, praying
for the construction of a harbor of refuge at the
mouth of Grand river, on Lake Michigan; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Cromwell P. Swift, an ordnance sergeant in the
Army, praying the reimbursement of an amount
expended in the transportation of himself and
family-while traveling under orders; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
He also presented thp petition of Cromwell
P. Swift, an ordnance sergeant in the Army,
praying compensation for performing the duties
of assistant commissary of subsistence; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
He al.<o presented the memorial of Peay & Ay-
liffe, praying indemnity for services in carrying
the mails from Little Rook, to "Vyashington, m the
State of Arkansas; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr.IVER.S0N presented the memorial of Fred-
erick L. Coclaye,lateasoldierintheArmy,pray-
ing to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LANE presented the petition of H. B.
Somriville and others, praying that Israel L.
Clark may be indemnified for depredations com-
mitted by Indians in Oregon; which was referred
to the Committer on Indian Affairs.
' He also presented the petition of Oliver Moor
and others, praying that Israel L. Clark may be
indemnified for depredations committed by the
Indians in Oregon; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented the petition of J. W. Gibson
and otheis, praying that the land covered by Lake
Wapatoo, in Oregon, may be granted to Levi
Brock, on the condition that lie drain the same;
winch was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
TAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Edward N. Kent, praying
compensation foi the u^e of his invention for sepaiating
gold riom foieign eub-;tanccs, on the files of the Senate, he
icf.'rred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Frederick E. Sickles, pray-
ing that his application tor an extension ot his patent may
he lefened to the Commissioner of Patents, on the file? of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered. That tlie petition of William Wallace, of Illi-
nois, a .soldier in the wai of 1812, praying an increase of
his pension, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. DIJRKEE, it was
Orderedt That the memorial of John Shaw, praying re-
muneration for losses sustained by him m furnishing six
companies of langers, qij the Mississippi, with provisions,
ammunition, &c., during the late war with Great Britain,
on the files orthe Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Charles A. Kinkead, on
behalf of the firm of Livingston, Kinkead &"Co., praying
indemnity tor robbery and injuries sustained from the Sioux
Indians, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of William Money, praying
indemnity for horses seized by oider of Brigadier General
Kearny, duiing the war with Mexico, and for losses in-
curred in conscqucncc thereof, on the files of the Senate, be
refcired to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of George Stealey, of Frank-
fort, Kentucky, praying compensation for services and
expenses while on a mission to the Indian tribes in the
northern part of California, under authority of the Indian
commissioner, in 1850-51, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee cn Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Eliphalet Brown, jr., on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the repoit made by the Committee on For-
eign Relations, on the claim of J. E. Martin, acting consul
of the United States at Lisbon, praying compensation for
diplomatic .services, (No. 182, first session Thirty-Fourth
Congress,) be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
34) for the relief of J. E. Martin; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POWELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 35) to abolish the franking privilege;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 36) making an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor of Grand Haven, in
the State of Michigan: which was read twice by
its title., and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 37) making
an appropriation for deepening the channel over
St. Clair flats, in the State of Michigan; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
38) for the relief of Charles McCormick, assist-
ant surgeon in the United'States Army; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained,^eave to introduce a bill (S. No. 39) for the
relief of Sunon de Visser and Jose Villarubia, of
New Orleans; which was read twice by its title,
and referred, with their petition and papers on
file, to the Committee on Commerce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 41) to
affirm certain entries of land in the State of Lou-
isiana; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. HEMPHILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
40) for the relief of Susan E. Rhea, late the widow
of Dr. J. Burrows Gardiner, deceased; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Na\al Affairs.
HEPOItTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 3)
to amend an act entitled " An act to regulate the
carrying of passengers in steamships, or other
vessels," approved March 3, 1855, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 4) concerning ap-
peals and writs of error, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 5) to supply vacan-
cies in certain offices, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Legislature of
Arkansas in favor of the modification of the laws
