1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
328
of Congress regulating trade and intercourse with
the Indians, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committcc, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Legislature of
Arkansas in favor of a law granting to the clerk
of the circuit court of each county m said State,
a copy of the Journals of both Houses of Con-
gress, asked to' be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a presentment of the
grand jury of the United States for the district of
bouth Carolina,, at Greenville, in relation to the
depredations on the mail in that district, the unfit-
ness of the post office building at Greenville for
the purpose, and the necessity of providing a suit-
able building for a court-house, have instructed
me to ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration. The committee have previously, on
many occasions, refused to recommend the build-
ing of any more court-houses; but there arc other
branches of the presentment which belong to a
separate committee—the Committee 011 the Post
Office and Post Roads—and I move the reference
of the petition, so far as concerns those objects,
to that committee. " *
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY REPORTER
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Mihtia, to whom were referred the
reports of Major Delafield and Major Moridecai,
communicated to the Senate on the 14th of May,
1858, by the Secretary of War, reported the fol-
lowing resolution?
Resolved, That the repoits of Major Delafield, of the Uni-
ted Slates engineers, and ol'Majoi Mordccai, of the United
States ordnance, with then illustrations, as communicated
to the Senate by the Secietary of Wai, in May, 18">8, be
punted; and that ten thousand extta copies ot each be
printed and furnished to the War Department, two thou-
sand copies to be for the use of the Army, and eight thou-
sand copies to bo distributed to the militia of the United
States and Territories, in the same latio as arms are dis-
tributed to them undei the existing laws and regulations.
Mr. DAVIS. Under the existing law it is
necessary that that should go to the Committee on
Printing, and I therefore move that reference.
The motion was agreed to.
IIOUMAS LAND GIIANT.
Mr. TOOMBS. I present the memorial of
sundry citizens of the parish of Ascension, in the
State of Louisiana, complaining of the second
section of an act approved the day of June,
1858, in reference to the land known as theliou-
mas grant, in Louisiana, of which I shall ask a
reference to the appropriate committee. Proba-
bly the Committee onPrivateLand Claimswould
be the one I should have suggested; but the gen-
tleman from "Louisiana being chairman of that
committQc, his colleague suggested the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. That is a reason which I
did not suggest, and which the petitioners inform
me they did not; but I find that the same Senator
is also on the Committee on the Judiciary, and as
it is a competent question for the Committee on
Public Lands, I move its reference to that com-
mittee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am opposed
to having that petition referred to the Committee
on Public Lands on the principle that the gentle-
man assumes. These matters ought always to
pass to the appropriate committees. 1 see no rea-
son why the Uommittee on Private Land Claims,
where it properly belongs, cannot at once take
charge of this subject, and lot the gentleman al-
luded to leave the room when it is under consid-
eration, so that the residue of the committee may
act on it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no-objection to that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Neither can I
see any impropriety in its going to the Judiciary
Committee, of which he is also a member; where,
upon this question, he will not be called upon to act.
On the contrary, under our own rules, wherever
a gentleman himself is concerned, it is expected
that he will withdraw and have nothing to do
with the case. Under these circumstances, the
business ought not to be sent to a committee to
which it does not belong, and taken from one to
which it does belong. I hope the Senate will not
set an example of this sort, or we shall have busi-
ness thrown from one committee to another to
our great inconvenience. As a member of the
Committee on Public Lands, I call the attention
of Senators to the fact that this does not belong
to my committee. When the bill was passed
which has created this difficulty, I opposed its pas-
sage. I did so, however, on grounds which had
no reference to the subject as it is now presented.
I knew nothing in regard to it. I was fearful
only that some of the claims which existed in my
own State might be affected, and I might notknow
at oncc how they were to be affected. I did not
approve, at the time, of the manner in which tes-
timony was to be brought forward: and that was
another ground on which I opposed it; and I ob-
ject now to this petition being sent to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, because it must place me
in a very awkward position.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Arkansas
is laboring under a misapprehension. He is cer-
tainly referring to some other bill. If my recol-
lection is correct, this bill passed without any
objection or discussion on the part of any mem-
ber of the Senate. It had no connection with the
swamp land bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am aware of
that. Let the Senator go back and look at the
passage of this bill. The Senator from Louisiana
says it was another bill. I beg to assure him it
was no other bill. On the passage of the bill to
which the present proceedings relate, I opposed
it because it seemed to me that it created testi-
mony, and it was padled after a considerable de-
bate, in which I was inmost the only one who did
oppose it. The high distinction and great knowl-
edge of the Committee on Private Land Claims
was amply sufficient to pass it. They gave us
an amendment or two, and I was satisfied with
the amendments that were adopted; and I do not
now want the matter to go to my commijjco. The
bill has not reached my State in its effects in any
way; but I am opposed to this petition going where
it does not belong.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands is the appropriate committcc. I think
my fiiend from Arkansas is entirely mistaken.
It seems there is a conflict between purchasers
under what is known as the Houmas grant and
the settlers on that grant. When claims were pre-
sented under the Houmas grant, they were private
land claims, and that was the appropriate com-
mittee; but the conflict now is rather a subject
connected with the public lands, and it is more
appropriate to that committee than any other in
its present condition. If theie is objection to a
reference to the Committee on Private Land Claims
on account of the presence of the gentleman from
Louisiana, which, I think, is no rent objection, I
am content it shall go to the Committee on the
Judiciary; but if that reason is good, it is just as
good applied to the Judiciary Committee, and if
it is excluded from one, why not from both ? But
1 think the Committee on Public Lands is the
appropriate committee in the beginning; there-
fore, unless the Senate choose to send it to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, I shall insist
on my motion to send it to the committee of the
gentleman from Arkansas, which, I think, is well
prepared and competent to take charge of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
from Georgia may shuttle what he pleases on the
Committee on the Judiciary, but I object to this
being thrown from his own shoulders, when he
is not affected in any way, to mine, as chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands. When sub-
ject-matters are thrown upon a committee to
which they do not belong, I am willing that they
shall be sent back: but it is not generous, while
escaping from their consideration himself, to
shuffle them upon me without, as he acknowl-
edges, one bit more propriety in the one case than
in the other.
Mr. TOOMBS. If my friend will allow me, 1
am on neither of the committees suggested.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is no
more propriety in sending this matter to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands than to the Committee on
the Judiciary; and if it should not go to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims what is the use of
such a committee. To that committee it belongs.
But it is said, inasmuch as objection is made to
a reference to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, that it is proper it should go to the com-
mittee which has charge of the next kindred sub-
ject. Veyv well. Then it belongs to the Cem*
mittee on the Judiciary, for grave and serious and
difficult questions of law are involved in itwhich
will have to be decided. At all evfents, I am in
some measure compromised by my action on that
bill, and I beg to be excused from having any-
thing to do with it. -
Mr. SL1DELL. I think there is a very mate-
rial difference in the organization of the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims and that on the Judi-
ciary, as applied to this case. Although it does
not appear by the rule, it is familiarly known to
every member of the Senate that the chairman of
each committee is consulted, to a certain extent,
as to the composition of his committee, and for
that reason I thought it improper that this ques-
tion should be referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, of which my colleague is chair-
man; although, of course, if it were so referred,
he would not participate in the deliberations of
the committee on that subject. I said that that
difficulty did not apply, or, if it applied at all,
it applied only to a very modified extjftit in ref-
erence to the Committee on the Judiciary. My
colleague, of course, would not participate in the
deliberations of that committee on this subject.
I made another statement yesterday which 1
repeat now, inasmuch as my remarks seem to have
been misapprehended by the reporter of one of the
morning papers—if I mistake not, it is the Na-
tional Intelligencer. That paper states that I had
dejections to the reference of the petition to aselect
committcc. On the contrary, I said, at first, dis-
tinctly, and I repeated more than oncc, that I had
no sort of objection to the reference to a select
committee if the Senate generally thought there
was anything improper in the jofcrence to the
Judiciary Committee, and especially if the parties
interested had any objection to the reference to
that committee. Now, as I understand the Sen-
ator from Georgia, the parties interested, the me-
morialists in this case, do not object to the refer-
ence to the Judiciary Committee. I think the
questions involved in this case are of a character
peculiarly fitted for the cognizance of that com-
mittor. I do not insist upon it, however; but
should the Judiciary Committee not be the com-
mittee preferred by the Senate for that purpose, I
think a select committee would b<? the preferable
body for the examination of the question. I do
not think it in any sense belongs to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, although I will say
I am entirely indifferent aa to the course of the
Senate, and I am sure I speak with the assentand
approbation of my colleague, when I say, that any
direction the Senate may choose to give it, will be
entirely agreeable to both of us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on referring the memorial to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the Sen-
ate will not do that.
Mr. PUGH. I agree with my friend from
Arkansas. I hope it will not take that reference.
I have served on that committee for four years,
and I think it has been weighed down with sim-
ilar investigations. We had for almost two years
a case from the State of Missouri, that interrupted
all the ordinary business of the committee. That
disposed of, we had a case from California about
a private land claim—the survey of a ranch. That,
I think, tookus the greater part of two Congresses.
The committee cannot, with the vast business be-
longing to the public lands, undertake this inves-
tigation. It is obvious that it refers back to a very
ancient Spanish grant, and if it is to be investigated.,
as T understand the petitioners desire, it seems to
mc a select committer of those Senators who have
leisure, should be preferred; However, if it is
referred either to the Committee on Private Land
Claims or to the Judiciary Committee, I shall not
object. I am satisfied the Committee on Public
Lands will not be able, consistently with their
other duties, to examine this case, and I hope the
Senate will not refer it to them.
The motion to refer the. petition to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What dispo-
sition will the Senate make of the memorial now
under consideration?
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a word to say on
that subject, sir. I have no earthly objection—I
