1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
A bill (No. 231) for the relief of IsaacS. Smith,
of Syracuse, New York;
A bill (No. 233) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of five deceased clerks in the Philadel-
phia custom-house;
A bill (No. 235) for the relief of congressional
township two north, of range nine west, of the
fourth principal meridian, in Adams county, State
of Illinois;
A bill (No. 236) for the relief of John Dixon;
A bill (No. 239) for the relief of George F.Brott;
A bill (C. C. No. 82) for the relief of Charner
T. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert Stalker;
A bill (C. C. No. 12) for the relief of Moses
Noble;
A bill (No. 242) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Robert H. Morris, late postmaster
of the city of New York;
A bill (No. 245) for the relief of Maryett Van
Buskirk, heir of Thomas Van Buskirk;
A bill (No. 16) for the relief of Lot Hall; and
A bill (C. C. No. 96) for the relief of William
Geiger.
TELEGRAPH TO TIIE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 84) to facilitate
communication between the Atlantic and Pacific
States by electric telegraph. It is a very import-
ant measure.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the motion to take up the
bill for consideration?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; it is up now, and we
can get through with it, I hope, before the appro-
priation bill will be taken up. I am in favor of
taking up the appropriation bill, which the Sena-
tor intends to call up to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall wait till one o'clock,
and then move to take up the appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consoler the bill (S. No. 84) to facili-
tate communication between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific States by electric telegraph, which had been
reported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, with an amendment to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert the substitute,
which was contained m the proceedings of Thurs-
day last.
Mr. G~VVIN. I have but little to say in favor
of this bill. The Senate very well knows the great
importance of establishing acommunication across
the continent. The parties named in the bill have
the control of the telegraphic lines throughout the
United States in various sections. They have
agreed upon the plan of connecting the Atlantic
and Pacific by telegraph under the measure which
was presented, and winch has been reported from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The compensation lias been putat the very lowest
amount that it was supposed possible a work of
such importance could be undertaken for. I hope,
inasmuch as a measuie of this kind passed the
Senate some years ago by a very large majority,
that it will not be necessary to go into an enlarged
discussion in regard to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill, by
striking out of the second scction all after the
word "distance-' in the thirteenth line, in thefol-
lowing words:
Saul contractors, or their assigns. to have the right to
purchase such lands as may be selected by them as stations
during the term aforesaid. at tile rate of $1 2o per acre.
The purpose of this provision is evidently to
confer a right of preemption on the gentlemen on
whom the privilege is conferred of constructing
this teleg'rapli line". If I understand anything of
the topography of that country, if they be per-
mitted to take a preemption right on quarter sec-
tions of land through the gorges of the mountains,
it will preclude the possibility of ever being able
to builu a railroad through them unless you shall
first acquire the title from this company on whom
you now confer the title to this land. I do not
wish to put any future company that may be or-
ganized for the purpose of constructing a Pacific
railroad in that dilemma. I do not wish them to
be compelled to buy, at such exorbitant rates as
this telegraph company might impose on them,
the right to pass through these lands, which are
now public.
Mr. GWIN. I have not observed particularly
the Senator's amendment, but I think they have
only this right to one quarter section for every
fifteen miles.
Mr. GRIMES. Fifteen miles on an average
throughout the whole route, the bill says. Their
line may be seventeen hundred miles long, for
aught I know, and they can take these lands in
continuous quarter sections, provided they do not
take a numoer exceeding one quarter section in
every fifteen miles. I observe further, that they
have a right to occupy during ten years any quan-
tity of land that may bo deemed necessary by
them for the purposes of their company, in addi-
tion to this right to purchase under preemption
these quarter sections.
Mr. GWIN. The object in drafting the bill in
this particular was to give them the right to enter,
within a period of ten years, a quarter section at
stations not to be nearer than fifteen miles each.
I think that is the wording of the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. Make it " not less than
fifteen miles apart."
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. We can haveitso; make
it so.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to put it in such
form that they shall not take quarter .sections
nearer than fifteen miles to each other. That
was the object in drawing the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The amendment which the
Senator from Iowa suggests, it appears to me, is
a necessary one. His objection is, that even if
this telegraph company only purchase a quarter
section in every station for fifteen miles,if the line
of the railroad happens to pass through those
quarter sections, (and in certain mountain passes
it will be absolutely essential probably to pass
through them,) this telegraph company can im-
pose any amount they please for the privilege of
passage.
Mr. GWIN. I shall not object to its being
stricken out. I do not want any monopoly; I
only want them to have the right of occupation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I propose, in the first section, and
wherever afterwards the same words occur—and
I make this motion by direction of the committee—
to strike out the words " the Postmaster Gen-
eral," and substitute " theSecretary of the Treas-
ury."
Mr. GWIN. The object of the amendment is,
that this compensation shall not be paid out of the
PostOffice funds, but out of the general Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the first section. There is no limitation
as to the amount of charges which these persons
may impose; and I desire to offer an additional
proviso to the first section:
And provided also, That such charges shall not exceed
four dollars for a Mngie dispatch of ten words, with the
usual proportionate deduction upon dispatches of greater
length.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is one section of the
bill which I do not altogether like. It is the third
section. The bill begins by authorizing a con-
tract not exceeding $50,000 per annum. The third
section provides that whenever the prices of the j
Government's dispatches exceed §50,000 per an- '
num, the Government shall pay the excess; so
that at the beginning, when the Government's dis-
patches will probably only amountto butfive, ten,
or fifteen thousand dollars per annum, we are to
pay §50,000; but if they increase after the com-
pany is established, and established with the
money of the Government, then the Government
is to pay the excess. I do not think that is neces-
sary to the bill. I should like to have an expla-
nation of its necessity.
Mr. GWIN. The great advantage to the Gov-
ernment that will result from the establishment of
this telegraph, saving probably millions of dol- i
lars in military communications and other Gov-
eminent purposes, was looked upon by the com- :
mittec as an equivalent to the $50,000 a year. '
Millions may be saved by the advantages of it.
If, in the progress of time, the Government dis- ;
patclnes exceed this amount of §50,000, especially ;
with the limitation which has been put on the j
charges by the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, it would seem to be proper for the
Government to pay the additional expense, with j
the solitary exception named in the bill of dis- j
patches for the Coast Survey, the National Ob- i
servatory, and the Smithsonian Institution. I :
think there can be no better appropriation of pub- !
lie money made than that. The Government dis-
! patches may not amount to $50,000; but, in my
j judgment, they will never be less; and the Govern--
i ment has a right to connect all its military estab-
lishments in the interior of the country with the.
line, and those dispatches have to be sent over,
without any additional Expense.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall move an amend-
ment. I am not satisfied with the explanation of
the Senator from California. I think if we agree
to pay by contract up to a certain sum—say
$50,000, since that is the sum mentioned in the
bill—we ought to have the use of the telegraph for
that sum; for then, in point of fact, it would be
built on this Government fund, and we ought not
to subject the Government hereafter to any fur-
ther charge, after having aided these persons to
build the line so that they can make money on it.
I will move, in the sixth line of the third section,
after the word "aforesaid," to insert the words
" no charge shall be made for such excess."
Mr. GWIN. I hope the amendment will not
be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. In order to make that amend-
ment effective, the words " the excess shall be
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury" ought to
be stricken out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Of course the rest of the
line ought to be stricken out, so as to insert the
words I have proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Those words will be stricken out.
Mr. BRAGG. There is one provision I should
like to hear some explanation of from the Senator
who introduced the bill, and that is in relation to
the power given to the Secretary of War by the
proviso to the first section. That proviso reads:
Provided, That the Government shall at all times be en-
titled to priority in the use of the line or lines, and thatthe
Secretary of War shall have the privilege of connecting
said line or lines by telegraph with any military posts of
the United States, and to use the same for Government
purposes. <
That is a very broad power; onp that I confess
I am not willing to give to the Secretary of War;
for it is to run telegraph lines all over the whole
country. At least, that is the power here given.
Mr. GWIN. The object was to enable the
Secretary of War to connect with this line in-the
interior, in the Rocky Mountain region of the
country, all the military posts, so that he could
run, at the expense of the Government, connect-
ing lines from those military posts, in order to
send dispatches over this line without any addi-
tional expense, and to be used for no other than
Government purposes. It seems to me it is one
of the most important provisions of the bill for
the benefit of the Government. He has no power
to make this connection anywhere except for
Government purposes alone. In the settled por-
tions of the country, of course, the Secretary
never would make any such connection.
Mr. BRAGG. It seems to me the power is an
unlimited one, to incur any amount of expense
that the Secretary may in his discretion deem ne-
cessary. For one, I am not willing to invest any
Secretary of War with any such broad power as
tliat. I V.'ould suggest to strike out the words
" Secretary of War," and insert " the Congress
of the United States;" or put some check on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator that we may reach it by striking out a
i few words so as to have it read: " Provided, That
| the Government shall at all times be entitled to
! priority in the use of said line or lines, and shall
I have the privilege of connecting said line or lines
! by telegraph, "&c., unless by the word "Govern-
| ment" there is understood the Executive Govern-
1 ment; and if so, I should be obliged to propose
to insert the word " Congress."
Mr. BRAGG. Anything of that kind will suit
me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree with the Senator
from North Carolina, that it is altogether too great
a power to put into the hands of the Secretary of
War.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to providing
that Congress shall have the power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it read: "and shall
have the privilege, when authorized by Congress,"
striking out the words " and that the Secretary of
War;" and then it will read:
That the Government shall at all times be entitled to
