1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3231
constructed, when the post office was removed, the
Government had not any furniture at all. They
took, however, into the new building, the old
furniture that had been used in the old building,
which had been rented prior to this removal, which
furniture belonged to the landlord of the building.
The Government has now no furniture for the
transaction of the business there; nothing adequate
at ali; and, in fact, the office was in such a condi-
tion last winter, that at one time, when the weather
became intensely cold in December, they had to
stop operations, and the clerks had to leave. It
was so cold that they could not carry 011 the busi-
ness of the office. I will state that the Treasury
Department made an estimate, which I have here,
to the effect that it would cost §5,000; but, on
writing out to St. Louis and getting an estimate
from the postmaster there, I found it would be
less than that,and I then applied to the Postmaster
General, and he recommended $3,000. I will also
state, that it appears from a report of the Post-
master General, which I hold m my hand, that
the post office at St. Louis is, in point of surplus
emoluments and profits, the third in the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. The next amendment which I
have to offer I desire to invite the attention of the
Senate to. it graduates the compensation to be
paid to railroads, and the rate of speed which shall
be required from them; under which, I think, the
annual saving to the Department will certainly not
be less than half a million dollars, and is one that,
I think, will put the railroad service on a very just
foundation. The amendment is:
Jlndbeit further enacted, That the Pobtma^tcr General
shall not, on any railroad of the fh'.-t class, allow an average
rate of speed of le?s than twenty miles an hour, including
stoppages; nor on nn> tailio<ul 01 the second class, an a\ er-
aye iate of speed of les< than seventeen miles an houi, in-
cluding stoppages; nor on any laihoad ot the thud class,
less than twelve mile* an houi, including stoppage* ; and no
greater delay than lorty-iive minute^ shall be allowed be-
tween connecting routes of either class to ellcct the tians-
fer of the mail*.
Jind be it further enacted, Thatfoi the conveyance ol the
mail 011 any raihoad of the first ekw-,the I'obtma^ter Gen-
eral shall not pay a higher iate of compensation than
per mile per annum ; noi upon railroad.* of the second class?,
a higher rate than eighty dotlai* pei mile pei annum ; noi
upon any raihoad of the thud cla&s,a higher iate than foity
dollars per mile per annum.
Mr. GREEN. That needs a little amendment;
and I propose to add to it:
Nor shall any loute carry the mail more than once a day,
except the route between Washington and New Yoik.
["No!""No!"]
I will tell you why. The sailing of vessels and
the foreign intercourse may require a little more
mail facilities 111 that direction than anywhere
else, though I am not certain that it does. I know
that for the West one daily mail is all that is
wanted; and I know that it carries all your mail
matter. I know that the second daily mail is
money thrown away, and therefore I want to
limit it to one daily mail. It will accommodate
the people; it will save money, and enable the
Department to keep up the little mails through
the country, ramifying and supplying the com-
munities; which they cannot do if you give the
railroads ail the money you receive from your
postal service.
Mr. COLLAMER. X think a brief view of this
subject will show gentlemen, and especially gen-
tlemen of the West, that the amendment now
proposed by the Senator from Missouri will not
answer the purpose. Take, for instance, the sup-
ply of the city of St. Louis, and the city of De-
troit, and the city of Chicago, and the whole
country connecting with these mails. The mails
from itfew England and from New York to the
West arc mainly sent to Albany, which is a dts-
tiibuiing office. When the distribution takes
place there, the great mail for the West, as it is
called, is made up separately by itself in bags,
and is put on board the early train, which stops
but at one place in New York—at Syracuse—for
a few minutes. It stops simply for water, and it
waits for nothing else. It has on board the great
mail for the West from New Yoik and New Eng-
land. That mail, when it reaches Buffalo, Is
passed around to a connecting tram, and the Buf-
falo mail is included in it—nothing more. It pro-
ceeds directly onward to its destination. Within
an hour, or an hour and a half, after that mail
starts from Albany, a second train goes, which
furnishes all the post offices on the route through
the State of New York for three hundred and fifty
miles, stopping at Schenectady, at Utica,at Rome,
at Syracuse, and so on, and branching off at dif-
ferent points to supply the mail in eacfi direction.
The reason why the mails arc sent in this way is,
that the great mail of the West cannot be delayed
to make this peddling along the road. If it was
compelled to do it, the mail from Albany to St.
Louis would be from a day and a half to two days
behind hand. That would be the result of having
only one daily mail. It may be, and it is, true,
that the further we go from the point of-departure,
the less important the twice-daily mail service
becomes; and finally it runs out when it reaches
St. Louis. There they might not see or feel the
necessity of having two trains per day furnishing
the mail through the city of New York, when ft
was for them, and for them essentially and espe-
cially.
This is not a peculiar case. The same thing
is true of the great route from the North to the
South, and it probably is so of the great route
between Philadelphia and the West. It may be
true, also, of the route between Baltimoie and
Wheeling; but I do not know so much about that.
I do know about the route of which I have spoken;
and 1 think the mere illustration of it, by a case
of that kind, will convince at least western gen-
tlemen that this regulation will not answer.
Mr. YULEE. It seems to me that it is suffi-
cient to limit the amount, leaving the Department
to get as frequent service as they can for that
sum on such routes as require service more than
once a day. I will state that the reduction
amounts, altogether, to an average of about four-
teen per cent.; and the saving, if we meiely reduce
all that is above lo these maximum rates, will be
$454,000; and if all the toutes are reduced pro
rata, aecoiding to this reduction, it will effect a
having of §,600,000. Some n foim is necessary.
The cost of the railroad seivice now is $3,250,000,
without counting the pay of the route agents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThfMjuestion
is 011 the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
'souri to the amendment of the Senator from Flor-
ida; which is to insert vl the end of it:
Nor shall the mail on any route be carried more than once
a day, except on that between Washington and New Yoik.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
THIS LOAN BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R No. 847) author-
izing a loan and providing for the redemption of
Treasury notes.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the general consent of
the Senate to take up the loan bill, which has just
been leceived from the House, without referring
it to the Committee 011 Finance. It is pretty much
the same bill that we passed, with a slight altera-
tion as to time. Let us act 011 it at once, so as to
get it out of the way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Virginia can only be enter-
tained by unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr^ BKxLER. I thought the bill was to be
receivodd&r the purpose of 1 i-ference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to take up the bill for the purpose of action.
Mr H UtVTER. It is the same bill wo added
to the appropriation bill, with a little difference
as to time, I am told. We can have it read
here.
Mr. COLLAMEH. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that this is a loan bill,
and it must be referred to the committee if one
objection is made to taking it up*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the consideration of the
bill. It is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and will be read.
The bill was read. It authorizes a loan of
$21,000,000, redeemable in a period not less than
ten nor more than twelve years, the proceeds to
be used m the redemption of the outstanding
Treasury notes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, If 110 amend-
ment be proposed, the bill will be reported to the
Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. I thought the Senator, from
Virginia asked to take up the bill for the purpose
of reference.
Mr. HUNTER. I asked that it be t$ken ;up
to be considered.
Mr. BIGLER. I totally misunderstood1 the
Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated the motion to the Senate, and supposed it
was understood.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is itnotnowin order to move
that the bill be committed? I thought it was
read twice for the purpose of being referred to a
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such amotioa
is in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hop.e the Senate will- at
least have a committee to examine a bill of this
sort before they pass it.
Mr. HUNTER. It is the same bill thatwe have
considered, with a little alteration as to time. I
hg;)o it will not be referred. The members of the'
House arc very anxious to get away, and they
send us this bill. We ought to act on it. We
know whether we mean to give them a loan or not.
In fact, we know we cannot get along without it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. SIMMONS. I object to the third reading
of the bill now. I want to read it myself, at least,
before it is passed.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
object. I ask it not for my own accommodation,
but for that of the members of the House. I know
that many of them want to get away to-morrow.
Mr. SIMMONS. If they want it, as a per-
sonal accommodation, I will agree to let the vote
be taken on the passage of the bill, without read-
ing it; but otherwise 1 insist on having a chance
to look at a bill which authorizes an increase of
the permanent debt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill hav-
ing been read twicc to-day, it cannot be read the
third time without unanimous consent. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island object?
Mr. SIMMONS. I withdiaw the objection at
the request of the Senator from Virginia, as he
has the purse strings in his charge.
The bill was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the bill pass ?"
Mr. BIGLER. I thought the Senator from
Rhode Island objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objection
was withdrawn.
The bill was passed.
rosT route bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
icsuined the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
714) to establish certain post routes.
Mr. YULEE. I now offer, as an amendment,
four sections of a bill which was introduced in the
House by the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee, after consultation with the Department,
and was also agreed to by the Senate committee:
And. he it further cnacted, That it shall he lawful for per-
sons known a-; icgular dealers in newspapers and period-
icals to receive by mail such quantities of cither as they
may leqiiire, and to pay the postage thereon as they may
be received, at the same rates as regular subscnbeis to such
publications.
J2nd be it further enacted, That map*:, engraving-s, htho-
giaphs or photographic punts on lollets or in paper eov-
eis, books, bound 01 unbound, phonographic paper, ami let-
ter envelopes, shall be deemed mailable mallei , and ehatged
with postage bv the weiifhtof the package—not mam ease
to exceed tour pounds—at the rate of one cent an ounce,
or traction of an ounce, to any place in the United states
under fifteen bundled mile.-, and at the rate ot two cents an
ounce, 01 fiaction ot an ounce, over fifteen bundled miles,
to he prepaid by postage .stamps
Jind be it fiolhcr enacted, That cards, blank 01 printed,
in package-, weighing at least fight ounces, and ol seeds or
cutting-', in packages not exceeding eight ounces in weight,
shall also be deemed mailable matter, and chained with
postage at the rate of one ccnt an ounce, or fraction of an
ounce, to any place in the United States under fiiteen hun-
dred miles, and at the rate of two eent« an ounce, or frac-
tion of an ounce, over fiiteen bundled nnle>, to be piepaid
by po-tage stamps
Jind be it further enricted, That the act of 3d March,
ldjo, entitled '-An act further to amend the act entitled
'An net to reduce and modify the iatcs of por-taue in the
United States, and foi other purposes,' !* passed Maieli 3,
1851, be, and the same is heioby, so niodmed a? to require
the teu eent iate of pns-taye to be piepaid on letters con-
veyed in the mail from any point m the United States, east
ot the Rocky Mountains, to any State or Temtwy on the
Pacific, and nom any State or Tenitoiy on the Pacific to
any point ia the United States east of the Rocky Mount-
