2288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23.
dence of this committee by its vigilance, its econ-
omy, its reduction of expenditures, and its inau-
guration of a light-house system superior to any
other in the world—I say that experience ought
not to be disregarded or put under foot. I press
these facts, knowing the extent" of that coast—
knowing their wants, and the necessity of that
light-house steamer. I urge this committee to give
weight to the recommendation of the Light-House
Board in favor of this appropriation.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, demanded
tellers upon the amendment offered by Mr. Eliot.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stout and
Eliot were appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would sug-
gest that gentlemen shall allow this amendment
to pass, with the understanding that we shall have
a separate vote upon it in the House.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, nf Illinois. The gentle-
man cannot object to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] allowing an opportunity in the
House to introduce the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not agree to do that;
because, if 1 give way to one amendment in that
way, I should be obliged to give way to others.
The tellers took their places; and the commit-
tee having divided, the tellers reported—ayes
seventy-eight: noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WADE. 1 move to amend line one hun-
dred and seven, by adding thereto:
And for the piotcetion of tlu* piers and the beacon-light
on the pier at Cleveland, Ohio, ; and for the piotce-
tion ot the piers ami the beueoii-l'ight on the pier at Faa-
poit, Olnc , j$5,(J00.
1 merely wish to say that the lights upon the
piers m those ports are absolutely essential for
the protection of the commerce of that lake. It
is well known that the harbor of Cleveland is one
of the most important harbors upon the western
lakes. I say " one of the most." It is among; the
three or four first harbors for commerce on those
lakes. And I say this to the committee—and I
wish they would give heed to it, and indeed I
know that all the friends of internal improvement,
und the protection of internal commerce, will as-
sist me in getting this amendment in—that the
piers at Cleveland are projections inclosing the
mouth of the Cuyahoga river, and extending into
the lake to where {he wafer is sufficiently deep for
the navigation of the Lugest naval vessels. Now,
by the force of the winds and wavrs, (he pier upon
which the beacon-light stands is turned partly
over, and is partially undermined. J t is tilted over,
until the beacon-light is in danger of failing into
the lake. The other pier is broken through, so
that the sand, by the flux and reflux of the waves,
has been carried through the broach, and hat*
filled up the channel which was between the piers
to that extent that it is impossible for vessels to
come in unless it is high water m the river. I
am informed by gentlemen who aie located at
Cleveland,and who are interested in the lake com-
merce, that they will be obliged to discontinue the
use of that harbor, unless some remedy is pro-
vided for this dillieulty; and that vessels can
neither enter nor depart from .'-hat harbor—one of
the most important upon the we&tern lakes—un-
less this small amount of money is appropriated
to the repair of the harbor. This is all I desire
to say about that.
In reference to the harbor at Fairport, a lival
harbor, some thirty miles below Cleveland, 1 de-
sire to say that the pier is broken through, and
the channel is filled up by the sand of the lake.
Now, by filling up that pier, and confining the
water, so that it must flow through the channel,
}t would carry the sand off into the deep waters of
the lake, and thus clean out the channel,
These improvements are of imperious necessity
now, and I ask every friend of internal improve-
ments and internal commerce to join me in put-
ting this amendment upon the appropriation bill;
for I assure them that the commerce of the whole
lake is endangered; for vessels passing these ports
in stress of weather want to come in for shelter,
butthey cannot, because the beacon-lightsare tilted
over and will soon be in the lakes, and because
the channels aie nearly filled up, It is absolutely
necessary that, in one way or another, money
should be raised for this purpose.
Mr. PHELPS, i am opposed to the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from Ohio. The
argument by which he supported his amendment,
shows that it was designed for the improvement
of the harbors, and not for the pieservation of the
lights. Gentlemen upon the other side of the
House have referred to the accomplished Light-
House Board, and if there had been anything ne-
cessary for the preservation of the site of the light-
houses at any point in the country, unless it had
received recent damage and injury, it would have
been reported to us, and' estimates would have
been made by the Executive Departments, for the
purpose of preserving the light-houses extending
along the shore. The argument was to make cer-
tain repairs, so as to improve the mouths of the
rivers, that they might become harbors of refuge
for the commerce of the lakes. His argument
then shows that his amendment would be proper
and appropriate as an amendment to the bill re-
ported by the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, but not to this bill.
I say, then, that if there was an appropriation
needed? for the purpose of the light-houses at the
two points indicated, it was the duty of the Exec-
utive Departments have indicated that fact to Con-
gress, and to have asked an appropriation for that
purpose. In the absence of such a recommenda-
tion to this House, I am of opinion that this ap-
propriation ought not to be made; and, if made at
all, that it should be made in some other bill than
this.
The question being on Mr. Wade's amendment,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I raise the question
of order that this is independent legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late now to raise
the question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I thought it would
do at any time before the question is disposed of.
Mr. WADE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Landrum
and Eliot were appointed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 would suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio, that it would be better
to let this amendment come into another bill;
otherwise it will probably break up the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope gentlemen will give
my colleague a vote in tin* f louse on his amend-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let the amendment
come in the proper bill.
Mr. BRANCH. This amendment cannot pass,
unless there is a quorum present.
Mr. PHELPS. The question is, is this bill a
proper or improper place for the amendment?
Mr. BRANCH. 1 have no objection, if the gen-
tleman will put it m the river and harbor bill.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 84, noes
So Mr. Wadk's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUTCHING. 1 nunc to amend by add-
ing the following:
And foi tli'- protection < f the pier and beacon-light^ at
Ashtabula, Ohio, ^5,001).
Mr. ClUARLES. 1 rise to a point of order.
This is not an appropriation for a hjjht-house,
and is not germane to the bill. It iscleailyan
appropriation for liters and harbois, and should
be placed on the mer and harbor bill.
Mr. JIUTCHINS. It is exactly the same as
the last amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend by striking
out the words " twenty-five hundred," and insert
'* five thousand;" so that the clause will read:
For annual repair-; of the Capitol, watei-clo^Pts, public
stabler, watei pipes, pavement*, and other walks within
the Capitol square, btoken gla^, and locks, $'.),U0U.
This is in accordance with the estimates sub-
mitted. The repairs hitherto made about the
Capitol have cost from three to five thousand dol-
lars a year. The Commissioncrof Public Build-
ings, who has charge of these repairs, has sug-
gested to me that the sum in the bill is too small;
that if accidents should occur, if hail-storms
should come, and glass be broken, and the appro-
priation be expended, the Capitol would suffer,
unless the Commissioner of Public Buildings
would have these repairs made on credit. I think
it would be safer to restore the sum fixed in the
original estimate. In the opinion of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, the sum estimated is
necessary for the ensuing fiscal year.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think, Mr. Chairman,
that we had decidedly better reduce the appropria-
tion to $500, rather than make it $5,000. If you
make it $25,000 they will spend every dollar of it;
and if you make it $500 they can only do the same
thing. Everything about the Capitol is new; we
have an appropriation, in another portion of the
bill, of §500,000, for carrying on the work of the
Capitol extension; and now, an additional sum of
$2,500 is asked for the annual repairs about the
Capitol. In my opinion, there is not the slightest
necessity for increasing the sum of $2,500; neither
do I believe that the $2,500 itself is actually ne-
cessary; though, as a matter of course, the ques-
tion is with the committee.
Mr. Phelps's amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRAIN. I move to amend, by inserting
after the one hundred and thirty-third line as fol-
lows:
For fitting up the Speaker's room and Srrgcant-at-
Arnis's room, in the old Hall of the House of Representa-
tives, and for the passa^p-wayon the east side ot said flali,
and the Speaker's galiciy, for the use of the libiarv of the
IIouhti,^,(JU0.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. As I understand, this whole subject was
referred to a committee, some time since; and I
am not aware that we have had a report from that
committee. I think we ought to have such a re-
port, and have the matter fairly brought before
the House, instead of in this incidental way? un-
der the five minutes' debate. Hence, i make the
point of order that the amendment is notgermane
to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The point is not well
taken.
Mr. TRAIN. The Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds reported a resolution, the other
day, providing for fitting up these spaces for the
use of the library of the House, and appropriated
$3,000 out of the unexpended balance of the con-
tingent fund of the House. It was objected to
by thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr, Burnett,]
on the ground that it was not competent for the
House to divert the contingentfund, exccptunder
a joint resolution. The solicitor of the Treasuiy
having given the opinion that it could be, and the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
inclining to that opinion, I suggested to him that
1 would get the appropriation put in here, as an
amendment to this bill.
The placc designated is the only place that we
can have for the use of the library, unless we take
the old Hall of the House, to which there is very
great objection. Therefore, the committee have
unanimously agreed to recommend the occupation
of those rooms; and that part of the Hall, which,
with the rooms over the corridor between the two
Hails, will give us nearly shelf-room enough to
contain the books.
The amendment was agreed to.
On the following clause being read:
Foi hiihtin": the Capitol and President'*1 hou->e, the pub-
lic ground-? ;uound them and mound the executive offices,
ami I'ciin^lvam.i avenue, iind<re ami tii«h streets iu
Georgetown, I'oui -and-a halt, £e\ enth, and Twelfth stun t-<
across the .Mall, $17,000,
Mr.SHERMAN s>aid: I desbv to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds whether that committee made the in-
quiry which they were directed by the House to
make ?
Mr.TRAIN. Thecommittee has it still under
consideration. There is a proposition which will
probably come from the Senate into the House,
and which may render it unnecessary to make so
large an appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that,under some
sort of contract, the gas company charge four
dollars per one thousand feet for gas.
Mr. TRAIN. No, sir. Three dollars and
twenty-five cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, that is nearly one
half too much, as everyone knows who is accus-
tomed to pay for that article. I therefore trust
that the present contract will be changed; but,
until it be changed, we cannot reducc the appro-
priation.
Air. CRAWFORD. I move to strike out the
word "forty-seven"and insert the word "thirty,"
in the one hundred and forty-fourth line; so that
the clause will read:
Foi lighting the Capitol and President's house, the pub-
lie grounds aiound them and around the executive offices,
and Pennsylvania avenue, Bridge and High i-tree'.h, in
