1344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26.
priority in the use of the line or lines, and shall have the
privilege, when authorized by Congress, of connecting said
line or lines by telegraph with any military posts, &c.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to alter the phrase-
ology of the amendment, so as to read:'' when au-
thorized by law."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I accept it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now desire to make this
suggestion for the consideration of my colleague
who offers the amendment: I had myself inter-
lined this bill with the very words ho., has now
propose^ after the word "War." Why will it
not be better to let the section remain as it is and
add the words moved by my colleague after the
•Word "War?" The Secretary of War, it seems
to me, will be the appropriate officer under which
any telegraph line to connect with this should bo
constructed. Let thatsection remain as it is,sim-
ply adding these words after the word " War."
Then it will read:
That the Government shall at all times be entitled to pri-
ority in the use of the line or lines, and that the Secretary
of War, when authorized by .law, shall have the puvi-
lege, Stc.
Let him be the person designated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The only difference: would
be that he might do it on his own responsibility.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the language as amended
is an improvement, but that the whole proviso is
radically wrong. It looks to the construction of
telegraph wires,wherever it shall be deemed neces-
sary to connect a military post with this groat line
of telegraph across the continent, by the "Govern-
ment of the United States. It is better that we
should leave such things generally to private en-
terprise. If it be needful to connect particular
posts under an exigency which will require Gov-
ernment to undertake it as a work, let the case lie
brought forward and derided upon its merits; but
this is a provision in anticipation, looking gener-
ally to the construction of telegraph lines by the
United States. I think it is unsound in principle,
and 1 shall object to the whole proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment ofleied by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Ff.ssenden.J
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to offer an additional
section.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire first to move to strike
out the proviso before proceeding to another sec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, That will be
in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out the proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read it as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That the Government nlmll at all times be en-
titled to priority in the use of the line, or lines, and shall
have the piivilege, when authorized hy law, of connecting
said lin«*, oi linen, by teit-puipli, Willi any military posts of
the United State*., and to use the name for Government
purposes.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out all after the
word " line," so as to strike out all that refers to
branches, leaving the Government priority in the
use of this line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words pro-
posed to be .stricken out will be read.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it thcSenator means
to strike out down to the words " United States."
Not the? whole, proviso, but down to the words
"United States.'"
Mr. DAVIS. If wo have no more lines, it is
useless to provide how they shall be used. The
words 1 propose to strike out are:
And shall have tite privilege of conncetms said line or
iliics by telegraph with any military post-* of the United
States, and to us*'the namo for Government purposes: ^2nd
provided also, That said line, or lines, except sueh as maybe
constituted by tiie Government to connect said hne oi lines
Willi the militniy posts, of the United State*, shall bo open
to the use of all citizens of the United States, during the
term ol the saul contraet, on payment ot the regular charges
for transmission of dispatches.
The Senator wishes to preserve the second pro-
viso, and then except the branches.
Mr. COLLAMER. The last expression, I un-
derstand, is that it shall be open to all people to
use it. You do not wish to strike that out, I sup-
pose.
Mr. DAVIS. It is so, anyhow. Strike out the
words, "and shall have the privilege, when au-
thorized by law, of connecting said line or lines,
by telegraph, with any military posts of the Uni-
ted States, and to use the same for Government
purposes." That is the first. Then, if it is the
wish to preserve the other proviso, let us strike
outthe words " cxcept such as may be constructed
by the Government to connect said line or lines
will the military posts of the United States."
Striking out these two clauses removes the ob-
jection.
Mr. GWIN. I would suggest to the Senator
from Mississippi that this is an important privilege
reserved to the Government of making this con-
nection; but they have to pass a law before they can
do it. It is to come before Congress before the
connection can be made; and I think it is guarded
so as to meet the very object he has in view, and
that is, to provide that power shall not be given
to make these lines unless by Congress. 1 think
the amendment of the Senator from Maine covers
the case entirely; for it is to come before Congress
before the connection can be made. The privi-
lege is reserved to Congress, if it is hereafter
looked on as important.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not wish to give a general
invitation to the Government to commence the
work of constructing telegraph lines. I do not
wish so to provide as to allow some member to
rise hereafter, and by authority of this law", to
move an appropriation for connecting these lines,
believing it to In; wrong ab initio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would call the Senator's
attention to the fact, that in the case of all charters
now granted by the State Governments to railroad
companies, by State laws, they reserve the priv-
ilege of connecting other lines with them after-
wards, for the simple reason that, unless that is
reserved when the charter is given, when the road
is built it becomes private property; and there can
be no connection, unless with the consent of the
corporation, except the right to do so is ictained
by the Government, because it js in the nature of
a'contract. Well, as I understand this provision,
it is only intended to go that far — that is to say,
to put it out of the power of this company, when
they have constructed their line of telegraph, to
prevent other lines from being connected with it,
or to impose terms which might be onerous as a
condition for making such connection. It docs
not necessarily involve the idea that the Govern-
ment are to pay other lines of telegraph, but as-
similates this line of telegraph to lines of railroad
that have boon built whore the consent of the
Government is necessarily required. In case it
becomes expedient that one line should be con-
nected with this from another quarter, it is in-
tended not to leave it wholly in the power of this
company to say that it shall or shall not be done,
or on what terms it shall be done. I esteem the
reservation as an important one, connected with
no very great a line as one fiom the Mississippi
river to the Pacific occan. I do not think it in-
volves necessarily any such difficulty as the Sen-
ator seems to suppose.
Mr. DAVIS. If it were reduced merely to the
privilege of allowing another company, which is
hereafter to construct a telegraph, to connect with
this, then it would be the case supposed by the
Senator from Maine. That, certainly, is not the
contemplation of this language. This is for the
Government to connect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but per-
haps that is the only way by which the right can
be reserved. The Government cannot very well
stipulate for a private company; and in case you
undertook to do so, the objection would be made
that it was not in the power of the Government
to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. That being the purpose, it would
be expressed in the usual language applied to
railroads, and that is, that any other company
making a branch road shall have the privilege of
connecting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That company is always
chartered by the same Government.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not sec how the Federal
Government is going to charter a company, unless
m the Territories. **
Mr. FESSENDEN. To be sure they will not
charter it, but grant the privilege over the public
land, and that is practically the same thing.
Mr. DAVIS. It still returns to the same point.
Within the limits of a State, the company must
be chartered by the State, and all this Government
can reserve or impose as a condition is, that this
company shall allow other companies to connect
with it, and that is clearly not the object of this
language.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It effects that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say, moreover, that I never
attached much importance to the provision, even
in the case of railroads; for it would be a most
stupid directory that would object to the connec-
tion of a branch, knowing that it must be a feeder
to the trunk; and so of the directory of a telegraph
who should object to the construction of a branch
line which would bring to it messages to pass over
its line. The case is hardly supposable. There-
fore, I would not object to this in a railroad grant
or a telegraph grant, if it were in the usual form.
I do not find it so.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—ayes thirteen; noes not counted.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to move an amendment
to come in after the words that were inserted on
motion of the Senator from Louisiana, "unless
such excess shall be incurred in time of war," so
that there shall be no excess over §50,000 paid,
unless incurred in time of war. In the event of
war, the line might be entirely taken up by the
Government; and it would be absolutely necessary
to pay f$r this excess, when the private patron-
age of the line would be taken away.
Mr. BRAGG. I hardly think that is sufficiently
guarded. It says " in case such excess shall be
incurred in time of war." Suppose we were at war
with any European Power—Great Britain, for in-
stance: if there was an excess of dispatches sent
over the line, no matter how incurred, according
to the amendment, we should have to pay.
Mr. GWIN. JBy the Government.
Mr. BRAGG. It may not have concerned at
all our hostilities with foreign nations.
Mr. GWIN. The Government might monop-
olize the line entirely. It has the first privilege
of using the line, and it might take possession of
the line in time of war for war purposes; and such
a case, I think, ought to be provided for.
Mr. COLLAMER. The #50,000 proposed to
be paid for subsidizing the line, it seems to me,
will be of very little or no use to the Government
at all in time of peace. The time of war is about
the only time we shall use the line to any great
extent; but we are paying in time of peace, in
order that we may have the use of it, in case of
necessity, in time of war. It is therefore right
as it is.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask that my amendment
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jhid be it further enactcd, That the Secretary of the Navy
and the Secretary of War are hereby authorized to convey,
lice of charge, any material to be used in the construction
of said telegraph line or lines, upon any Government trans-
port, whenever the same can be done without inconveni-
ence oi additional cost to the Government service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not sec any reason
why, in addition to giving $50,000 a year, we
should undertake to build the line.
Mr. LATHAM. The amendment says it is not
to be at additional cost to the Government; and
when the transports are going over this very line,
if they arc not filled with Government stores,
if, without inconvenience or additional expense,
they can carry the material, I do not see any ob-
jection to allowing them to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see how the
transportation of materials over such a country
can be made without costing something.
Mr. LATHAM. Very briefly; these trans-
ports going over the country are not always filled
up with Government stores; and they might as
well be filled as not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This will oblige them to
take the material anyhow. There is no reason
why we should build the line, and then pay for
using it, that I can see.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—ayes ten; noes not counted.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the first sec-
tion by adding, in the twenty-fourth line, after the
word " same," the words:
Unless said lands shall be required by the Government of
the United States for railroad purposes: Jlnd provided, That
no right to preempt any of the said land.s under the laws or
the United States shall inure to thfc said company, their
agents or servants, or to any other person or persons what-
soever.
Mr. HUNTER. It is now one o'clock. I did
