1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FOSTER. The question before the Sen-
ate, Mr. President, is the motion of the honorable
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] to print the
annual message of the President of the United
States, with the accompanying documents. The
debate which has arisen upon that question has
been confined to a single topic—slavery. It is a
topic, unfortu nately, not new in this Chamber or in
this country; and the agitation of it, as it has been
termed, is usually charged to the Republican party,
sometimes the Abolition party. I shall by no
means be disappointed if that claim shall be urged
on the present occasion. The Senate, however,
will bear witness that this topic is introduced in
the message of the President, not claimed to be
and not being a member of that party. The de-
bate which has arisen, in which that topic was in-
troduced, came from the other side of the Cham-
ber, was introduced by an honorable Senator not
a member of that party. For myself, I do not
propose to continue the discussion on that topic.
I have a few observations to make upon another
subject treated in the message of the President,
different altogether from that topic, and to which
I shall confine the observations 1 propose to make.
That subject is the subject of Mexico, as treated
in the communication of the Executive. The
President informs us, on the eighth page oJWiis
message, as printed in the pamphlet, in regard to
our neighboring Republic of Mexico:
" I regret to inlonn you that there has been no improve-
ment in the affairs of Mexico since my last annual message,
and I am again obliged to ask the earnest attention of Con-
gress to the unhappy oondition of that Republic."
He then goes onto state what has occurred with-
in the past two years, so far as the organization of
the Government of Mexico is concerned, stating
the time when and the circumstances following the
election of General Comonfort as President; that
within a month after his election, in 1857, his Gov-
ernment was overturned by a military rebellion,
and lie left the country; that General Zuloaga was
placed at the head of the insurgent military Gov-
ernment of that republic; that, by virtue of a pro-
vision in the constitution of that republic, in the
absence of the President, the chief justice of the
supreme court took his place; that General Juarez,
then occupying the position of chief justice of the
supreme court, became, under that provision of
the constitution, the President of the republic;
that he, however, not being in possession of the
capital, and General Zuloaga being in possession,
was recognized by the representatives of foreign
Governments, including our own, as being de
facto the head of the Government of that repub-
lic; that after a time, General Zuloaga's Govern-
ment getting involved in a difficulty, a new elec-
tion to~the office of President was holden, at which
election General Miramon was elected President.
He, however, not recognizing the validity of the
proceedings by which he was declared elected,
declined acting, and that left General Zuloaga still
President of the republic. Zuloaga, however,
declined to officiate longer, and transferred his
authority to Miramon, " President substitute,"
and he still acts as u head of the insurgent party."
The President says further that General Juarez,
claiming to be the constitutional President, has
his Government at Vera Cruz, and with him, as
the constitutional head of the Mexican Govern-
ment, our Executive has had negotiations, has
sent to him a minister, but that the Government
of Genera] Juarez has not the power to carry into
effect aaiy treaty made by his Government, not
being in possession of the capital; the country is
still torn by factions, General Juarez being at
Vera Cruz, having possession of the coast, Gen-
eral Miramon maintaining himself at the capital,
and many of the distant provinces of the repub-
lic, under military governors, pay little respect to
the decrees of either Government; that life, lib-
erty, and property, throughout the republic, have
very little protection; that American citizens within
the republic, who, according to the provisions of
treaties between that Government and this, are
entitled to full protection, have frequently been
despoiled of everything, even life itself; in a word,
that the grossest outrages have been committed
on our citizcns in Mexico, contrary to the pro-
visions of treaties, and in violation of all law, and
the rights of common humanity; that—
"Peaceful American residents, occupying tbOK rightful
possessions, have been suddenly expelled the country, in
defiance of treaties, and by the mere force of arbitral y
power."' * * * *' Large numbers of our citizens
have been arrested and imprisoned without any form of ex-
amination, or any opportunity for a hearing, and even when
released, have only obtained their liberty after much suf-
fering and injury, and without any hope of redress."
Many othergrievances aie narrated; some wan-
ton ana cold-blooded murders have been com-
mitted in Mexico, of all which the President with
great justice complains; and then he quotes from
a communication from the Minister of the United
States at Mexico, written in August last, in which
he said:
<c I hope the President will fee! autliorized to ask from
Congress the power to cuter Mexico with the military forces
of the United Slates, at the call of the constitutional au-
thorities:, in order to protect the citizens and the treaty
rights of the United States. Unless such a poVver is con-
ferred upon him, neither the one or the other will be re-
spected in the existing state of anarchy and disorder, and
the outrages already perpetrated will never be chastised;
and, as I assured you in my No. 23, all these evils must in-
crease, until eveiy vestige of order and government disap-
pears lioni the country."
The President then adds:
"I have been reluctantly led to the same opinion, and,
injustice to my countrymen, who have suffered wrongs from
Mexico, and who may still suffer them, I feel bouud to an-
nounce this conclusion to Congress."
After speaking of the private claims which our
citizcns have against Mexico, the President says:
" But it is a question which relates to the future, as well
as to the present and the past, and which involves, indi-
rectly at least, the whole subject of our duty to Mexico as
a neighboring State."
And then, on the tenth page of the message, he
says:
" For these reasons, I recommend to Congress to pass a
law authorizing the President, under such conditions as
they may deem expedient, to employ a sufficient military
force to enter Mexico for the purpose erf obtaining indem-
nity for the past and security for the future. 1 puiposely
refrain from any suggestion as to whether this foice shall
consist ot icguhu troop* or volunteers, oi both. This ques-
tion may lie mo->t appropriately leu to the dcci^km of Con-
gress. i would inerelv observe that, should volunteers be
selected, such a force could be easily raised in this country
among those who sympathise with the suffciings of our un-
fortunate fellow-citizens in Mexico, and with the unhappy
condition of that republic. Such an accession t o the forccs of
the constitutional Government would enable it soon to reach
the city of Mexico and extend its power over the whole
republic. In that event there is no reason to doubt that the
just claims of oui citizens would be satisfied, and adequate
redress obtained for the injuries inflicted upon them. The
constitutional Government have ever evinced a strong de-
sire to do us justice, and this might be seemed in advance
by a piclnmnaiy treaty."
That is substantially what the President com-
municates to us in regard to our relations with
the Republic of Mexico; and for one, I must say
that I am compelled to differ altogether from the
President as to the course which he recommends
us to pursue. I am compelled to differ from him
for various reasons; and in the first place, be-
cause, as it seems to me, the present time is the
most unfortunate of all possible times for us to
take the steps recommended by him to redress the
wrongs of which we complain. The wrongs are,
as I have read, a refusal to satisfy the just claims
of our people, and the maltreatment of the citi-
zens of the United States within the territory of
Mexico. That these wrongs are great, that thc.y
are outrageous, atrocious, I have no doubt what-
ever. I piesume the President has stated with
entire correctness, so far as he has gone, the
wrongs perpetrated upon citizens of the United
States within that republic; and that these wrongs
ought to be redressed is quite certain. It is not
because I think these wrongs are not of the char-
acter that th#President regards them, nor because
I think they ought not to be redressed, that I
differ thus from the President in his recommend-
ations. The character of the wrongs, however,
is not altogether novel. If we look over our own
country, within the territory of the United States,
and, indeed, within the territory of the old thir-
teen States, we find citizens of the United States
suffering wrongs not very dissimilar, to say the
least, from those pointed out in the message as
suffered by citizens of the United States within
the Republic of Mexico; not only not dissimilar,
but, unless. T greatly mistake, wrongs of a like
character, wrongs equally atrocious, equally out-
rageous, equally calling for redress, as the wrongs
winch our citizens suffer within the Republic of
Mexico.
How is it, sir, at the present time, to-day, m
all the States of this Union that are denominated
slaveholding States, in regard to the safety of the
lives, Uie liberties, or the property of men, citi-
zens of the United States, who differ from those
communities on the subject of African slavery?-.
Is the life, liberty, or property of an American
citizen within the slaveholding States of this Ccon-
federacy to-day, who entertains opinions obi^x-
ious to those communities on the subject of ■sla-
very, any more safe than the life, liberty, or
property of our citizens within the Republic of
Mexico ? Open any newspaper which comes to
us, and it tells us the contrary. The cases are
not isolated where American citizcns suffer here
equally great wrongs with those specified by the"
President as being suffered in Mexico. These
cases are too familiar to be specified. I will al-
lude to a very few.
A man by the name of Allerton, belonging, with
his family, in the State of Connecticut, not a na-
tive citizen of the State, or of the United States,
but an Englishman, I believe, by birth, a clergy-
man by profession, a man of peace and of good
character, as I am informed, was in one or the
southern States of this Confederacy, engaged in
a lawful business, the sale of books, not disturb-
ing the society in which he moved, not having
expressed, so far as I know, any opinions obnox-
ious to the community in which he was then tem-
porarily residing, and was arrested on suspicion
of being concerned in some abolition movement,
and thrown into prison. He was confined until in-
formation could be sent to his friend^ at home,
and such representations were made to the people
who held him in confinement as to his character,
that he was not a man to disturb the public peace
or public law anywhere, under any circumstances,
and there beingno evidence whatever againsthim
that ho had done so or intended to do so, simply
a suspicion, and, as I believe, an utterly ground-
less suspicion, he was released. But the conse-
quences of his imprisonment, and the fears he
entertained of his life or personal violence, had
unsettled his mind, so that when discharged he was
insane. He was put, however, ononc of the public
conveyances, and came on to the North; and be-
tween the city of New Haven and the city of
Hartford, being, as I have stated, deranged, he
jumped from the cars while in motion, broke one
of his limbs, injured himself very severely, and is
now in a very forlorn condition, with his wife and
children, in the valley of the Connecticut.
That is one ease. Another case which I noticed
within a short time was that of a naturalized cit-
izen also, by the name of Powers, not from my
State, butfrom the State of Pennsylvania, an Irish-
man by birth,but naturalized, and entitled, there-
fore, to all the privileges of a citizen of the United
States. He was a good Democrat, and voted,as
I understand, for one of the honorable members
of the other House. In the State of South Car-
olina, he was employed at the capital of the State
as a laboring man, a mason. In conversation, not
in the hearing of slaves, or even black men of any
description, slave or free, but m conversation with
some of his associates, workmen dlso, he ex-
pressed some opinions in regard to the institution
of slavery that were not deemed orthodox, and
he was put in prison, and kept some days, then
taken outand stripped, whipped thirty-nine lashes
or thereabouts, very severely, upon his naked
body; a bucket of tar was poured over him, and
feathers applied; a pair of pantaloons was then*
given him, and he was allowed to ride in the cars
to Charleston; from thence, after being kfept in
jail a short time, and allowed the attendance of a
surgeon to examine and dress his wounds, he was
permitted to go North to the city of New York.
These are but two out of, as I believe, very
many cases where personal«outrages, equal cer-
tainly to any spoken of by the President, as suf-
fered by citizcns of the United States in Mexico,
are suffered by citizcns of the United States,
within our own territory here at home. Very
many cases, however, where no direct personal
violence has been suffered, have occurred within
those same States, where flagrant wrong has been
perpetrated upon citizens of the United States. In
some cases there was even no pretense that the
individuals who were subjected to this treatment
had any other than correct opinions on the sub-'
jeet of slavery. One instance which I have noticed
was the case of an individual by the name of Green-
wood, who was residing and doing business in the
State of Alabama, a merchant. fie had been there
many years; was, perhaps, originallya northern
man; I am not certain of that; I believe he was;
at all events, he had married a northern woman,
