THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
and put it at §800,000, you can have a daily mail
between the city of St. Louis and the city of San
Francisco, carrying1 the entire mails in twenty
days time, every day each way, for just exactly
double what you propose to pay the steamship
line for carrying it three times a month. j
It seems to me, that between these two propo- j
sitions the Senate cannot hesitate at all; and be- j
* sides that, I think an overland mail has vastly the j
advantage of the steamship service. If you take i
the steamship, you have still got the Butterfield ;
contract, and both together make the cost of the
service #1,000,000 a year. That is entirely re-
fardless of any mail for (he accommodation of
t. Louis and San Francisco direct, and entirely
regardless of the interests of the northern portion
of the Union, which is to be benefited by the mail
from St. Paul to Oregon. If you adopt the amend-
ment now proposed by the Senator iron.1 Florida,
to allow $400,000 a year to the steamships, that,
together with the $600,000 paid to the Butterfield
contractors, makes $1,000,000 a year paid for the
transportation of the entire mad, and you only
get it carried three times a month; for it will be
remembered that the Butterfield company only
carry letters. It leaves unprovided foreverything
thai lies north of El Paso, in Texas, and that is
the situation in which you are placed. This
amendment looks, evidently contemplates, if you
adopt this steamship line, that you are to have
another line from St. Louis to San Francisco; and
if you give it to the lowest bidder, it will be, at the
least, $400,000, and then there is the Oregon coun-
try to be provided for. 1 think every interest -of
public policy, every interest that should legiti-
mately be appealed to, does appeal to us to have
done with this ocean steam company, and not
have the thing take the course it has, and be put
oif to the very lastday of the session, and then, as
a matter of necessity, we be compelled to succumb
to one man—for I think the Postmaster General
says substantially, that only one man can do it;
and it is in substance reducing Congress to the
alternative of .submitting to pay JVir. Vanderbilt
$400,000 a year for running: his stoumcr.s three
times a month. I hopo, whatever else maybe
done, that amendment will not bo adopted.
Mr. GW1N. 1 hope the Senate will adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts,
so far as the overland service is concerned. I hope
we shall have an opportunity of seeing whether
we cannot carry the whole mail across the conti-
nent. 1 believe we can.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to ndk if there ia
any need of any more law on t his subject; whether
the Post Office Department has not a light to set
up a mail by the Salt Lake route to California, as :
frequently as it pleases, without anymore law
about it.
Mr. LATHAM. But they have not the right
to send printed matter.
Mr. COLLAMER. By the Salt Lake route
they have.
Mr. LATHAM. I think you nie mistaken.
Mr. (J WIN. They ha\ e not the right to send
printed matter by the Butteiiield route, nor can it
ue done by the ocean route, under a law passed
the other day. The amendment orders the Post-
master General to put up the service, which, to
be sure, he can do without this law; but it pro-
vides that if he cannot get the service performed
by the Salt Lake route, he may employ ocean
service. That is the only additional legislation.
He can do all the rest without this provision.
Mr. COLLAMER. The liutteifield route is
confined to the carrying of letters; but the Salt
Lake route is not so confined.
Mr. GWIN. The Postmaster General can now
contract for the whole of the service proposed in
-this amendment, without any additional legisla-
tion at all, if lie is disposed to do it; but if he
cannot get the printed matter carried by the land
routes, as I believe he can—I have no doubt about
that—then he has no authority under the ex-
isting law to contract for carrying it by occan
lines.
Mr. COLLAMER. Unless for the ocean post-
age.
Mr. YULEE. I believe this question is now
fully before the Senate 
Mr. WILSON. Wilt the Senator from Flor-
ida allow me to have the first section of my pro-
posed amendment read, as I have modified it?
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That the Postmaster General he, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to contract with the contractors on
route *8911, between St. Joseph, Mwsouil, and Gr«at Salt
Lake City, and and route 12801, between Gioat Salt Lake
City and Placerville, California, or with either of them, foi
the conveyance ot the entire United States mail between
St.Loui?, via St. Joseph, Missouii,and P!aceiville,to San
Fianciceo, California, in twenty days' time: Provided,
The service can be obtained tri weekly the first year, at a
compensation not to exceed $800,OUU, and daily theieafter
at an additioaal'compen?atiou not to exceed $200,000 pei
annum; the service to expire July 3,1865. and the contract-
ors to supply Denver City and Gicat Salt Lake City with a
weekly mail without additional compensation: Provulcd,
If the Pobtmufter Geneial cannot contract with the above-
named contractors to do the service herein piovidcd for,
that he shall then be authorized to contract fortius service
by ocean steamships for a hum not exceeding $400,000, in-
cluding isthmus transportation.
Mr. HALE. Will not the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts consent to strike out the words " with
the above named contractors?" If he cannot con-
tract with these contractors, there maybe others
who can carry the mail.
Mr. LATHAM. But then you would have
double service over the same route.
Mr. HALE. No; for if he cannot contract
with them,it is onlyto let him contract with any-
body else.
Mr. LATHAM. But they have a contract
now between Salt Lake and St. Joseph, which
does not expiie for two years. From Salt Lake
on you can contract at once; but on this side the
contract does not expire for two years.
Mr. GWIN. But he can discontinue the ser-
vice he has now, after giving thirty days' no-
tice.
Mr. LATHAM. If he has a right to discon-
tinue the service, 1 should prefer (he suggestion
of the Senator from New Hampshire, if I am
misinformed, of course I would not want that in.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from California
wilt listen to me for a moment, I will say to him
that, if these contractors have a contract on that
route, it is subject to all the contingencies of gen-
eial contracts, and the I>ostmaster General may
discontinue it at any time he pleases, 011 giving
them thirty days'pay. I want it put 111 this way:
if he cannot contract with these contractors, or
with anybody else, let him contract with the
steamships for canying the printed matter.
Mr. LATHAM. If the Senator is right, that
is exactly what 1 want.
Mr. HALE. It is what I want.
Mr. LATUAAI. The Senator liom Ohio [Mr.
Peon] informs llu', howe\er, that (he sfatement
is incorrect, so far as the Postmaster General's
authouty to discontinue is concerned, and so
other Senators inform me; anil that was my rea-
son for having the amendment drawn as it is; but
if the Senator from New Hampshire is correct,
I would lather insert the words "or other con-
tracts."
Mr. PUGH. My impression is, that, when
we had the Butterfield route under debate, it was
stated 
Mr. HALE. That is not the Butterfield route.
Mr. PUGH. It was stated that none of the
overland contracts contained a provision reserv-
ing to the Postmaster General the power to dis-
continue.
Mr. HALE. They all contain that provision,
except the Butterfield contract.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 suppose it makes vcrylittle
ditlerence how it is put, accoiding to the doctrine
on the other side ot tile Chamber. If a contractor
wants to plunder the Treasury, all the Black Re-
publicans vote for it.
Mr. LATHAM. I will ask the chairman of
the Committee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads
wnether this contract is such as other Post Office
contracts are ?
Mr. YULEE. It is.
Mi. LATHAM. Then I am willing to putin
the wotds "or other contractois.''
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I am not inclined
to favor that portion of the amendment whieh
provides for steam mail service to the Pacific un-
der any circumstances. I do not want mail steam
service. If we cannot have service across our own
soil on our own country, I would stop it alto-
gether. I am satisfied that the mail service be-
tween this portion of our country and the .Pacific
can bo performed across our own territory. I am
not for employing a line that leaves New York
and never touches at an American port again until
it arrives at San Francisco. There is 110 reason
why we should send the Pacific mails around the
world to get to California. Thaj accommodates
nobody but the people at the termini. A mail
across the continent runs through the country, a
portion of which is not now settled, but soon will
be, if vou have a regular mail line. Then, why
not give us overland service? Why not dispense
with the steamship service between ports on our
own soil, when every Senator knows that the ser-
vice can be performed across our own continent,
and accommodate American citizens living upon
American soil? I am opposed in toto to^the mail
steamship service starting from New York and
going by Panama and touching at 110 American
port until it reaches San Francisco. It is wrong
111 principle and wrong in practice.
The general provisions of the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts commend themselves
to my judgment, because it provides for overland
service from New Orleans, via El Paso, to con-
nect with the Butterfield route to San Francisco,
and for service three times a week from St. Louis
to San Francisco across our own country, and for
service from St. Paul to Oregon and Washington.
Establish these routes, cause the service to be per-
formed upon them, and then require the official
persons, who have to travel from this part of the
country to the Pacific, to travel by these routes,
and you accommodate not only everybody on the
routes, but you build up settlements, you open
the country; and, by confining Army officers and
other officials, who travel under orders to and from
the Pacific coast, to mileage estimated by these
routes, you save to the Government a good deal
of expense. You save one half the mileage which
the Government pays for travel by way of Pa-
nama. Wrong has been perpetrated hcie for years
111 allowing members of Congress and olhcrs en-
titled to mileage, to compute the distance by way
of Panama. That ought to be stopped, and let
them travel across our own country. It is ours;
and why not go across it, instead of out of it and
half round the world, to reach our own States?
As I am interested in the matter, I should not like
to offer an amendment, but I suggest to some Sen-
ator to propose that all persons 111 the service of
the Government, entitled to mileage for travel to
and from the Pacific, shall have it computed ac-
cording to the overland routes, for it would be a
very great saving to this country; you would save
many thousands of dollars which could be ap-
plied to transporting the mails, and it ought to be
done.
There is no reason why the steam service
should be continued, but there is reason why the
service should be performed across our own coun-
try. As the Senator from New Hampshire re-
marked, instead of a mail three times a month, it
gives 11s a mail three times a week; and for a
very small advance, comparatively, on the price
proposed for steamship service, we can have
thirty mails a month by the overland routes, in-
stead of three by the ocean route. Then why not
have the overland service? I am sure that the
Senator from New Hampshire, let him belong to
what party he may, looks at this matter as a
statesman, as one who wants to advance our
home interests,and accommodate our people upon
our soil, without going around the world to reach
another portion of our country with a mail three
times a month, which touches nowhere until it
gets to the terminus. That system is wrong; and
1 hope the mail steamship service will be stopped
now and hereafter, from this time henceforward,
and let us have a mail from New Orleans, via El
Paso, to connect with the Butterfield route, and
continue the Butterfield contract, and then give
us service from St. Louis to San Francisco, and
from St. Paul to Oregon. Then you will have
done much to advance the interests of our own
people upon our own soil; and I hope that this or
some other proposition having for its purpose
this great object may be adopted.
Mr. GREEN. I like ->ery much the idea ad-
vanced by the Senator from Oregon, and if he
thinks that his mileage under the law is too much,
he has a perfect right to relinquish it, and only
take that which he thinks is right and proper.
Mr. LANE. I would say to the Senator, that
while I should be very willing to do that, I know
that there are hundreds of others who are 111 the
service as well as your humble servant, who would
not be willing to do it. They will take all the law
