134:6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
prosugd; and the sections of the bill to which
amendments are proposed will be read, together
with the amendments proposed. .
The first amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in line fiftfcenrpage 2, after the words
" Argentine Confederation," to insert " Para-
Mr. HUNTER. A mission to Paraguay was
estimated for, and not agreed to by the House of
Representatives; but I believe they were not aware
at file time that there was a minister from Para-
fuay here. The Senate is aware that we have
ad a difficulty with that country, which has been
lately compromised and settled. Paraguay has
sent a minister here, and the Secretary of State
thinks there is good reason for returning the com-
pliment, and sending a minister there. The Com-
mittee on Finance concur in. that, and propose
the appropriation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I objected to a similar
proposition made some year or two ago, by an
' amendment proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance for a minister to Persia. If this were send-
ing a mere commissioner abroad far a temporary
purpose, 1 do not know that I should make the
objection; but I think this extending of our for-
eign diplomatic corps to every country on the face
of the earth, is getting to be a monstrous abuse.
Now what is a minister to do at Paraguay ? What
are to bo nis duties? We arc to have a minister
to Paraguay at a permanent expense to the Cov-
. ernment forever. We shall never get rid of him.
. Mr. HUNTER. I think there is a great dif-
ference between establishing diplomatic relations
with Persia, a country with which we have little
or no trade, and with Paraguay. We have a deep
interest in preserving friendly relations with all
the Soutli American Slates. We are. exploring
the river Platte already, on which it is, and hope
at soma day to open up a trade with all those
countries; and it seems to me, if it i.s proper to
have a minister anywhere there—t do not say it
is as proper in Paraguay as in Rio—but it. serins
tome that this is a place at which we ought to
have a mission. However, it is in the power of
the Senate to determine.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator from
Virginia whether the gentleman here from Para-
guay is not merely a commissioner to settle claims
under the treaty, or whether he is to remain here
as a.permanent minister ?
Mr. HUNTER. 1 understand from the Sec-
retary of State that he is expected to remain as a
permanent minister. That is my underslandiiii''.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Tlmtgentleman told me lie
expected to remain here but two or three year:;.
He expeeled to sludy the country. lie was here
as a commissioner to settle claims under the
treaty, but I did not underst.iml lVom him (hat his
Government expected to maintain a permanent
mission here. ( think we an' going too far in this
mailer,
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot answer as lo the
intentions of the Government of Paraguay; but
1 supposed, from the Secretary of Stale who in-
formed me on that subject, that Ihis Government,
expects it to be a permanent mission. I may,
however, be mistaken on that point.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Virginia
sp«aksof our commercial relations with the Gov-
ernment of Paraguay. I ask him how extensive
our trade is with that country? I suppose he is
familiar with the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. We have no trade yet, but
we are endeavoring to open one. We have an
exploring ex|>e(!ition.now exploring their rivers.
We have already had a difference with tin1 coun-
try, which has been settled.
_ Mr. ANTHONY. We have already very coil-
sideutble interests m Paraguay; and certainly so
long as our commercial affairs then- are unsettled,
and this commission is in existence, we ought to
have some representative theie.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nanee was, in lines fifteen and sixteen to strike
out " §2%,,">00." and insert "$304,000."
Mr. HUNTER. That will now he unneces-
sary. H way to make the amount of the appro-
priation for itjinisters5 salaries correspond with
the amondmi ni proposed by the Committee on
Finance, to which jtUo Senate has not agreed.
This last amendment is therefor unnecessary.
The amendment was rejected,
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, in lines twenty-two and twenty-three,
to strike out the words " secretary of the lega-
tion to China, acting as,"and after the word " in-
terpreter" to insert " to the legation to China,"
so that the clause will read:
For salary of the interpreter to the legation to China,
$5,000.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment was made
for this reason: in line nineteen we have an ap-
propriation for the secretaries—all the secretaries of
legation; but at China we have also an interpreter,
whose salary is $5,000. The description is wrong.
It now reads: 44 For salary of the secretary of le-
gation to China, acting as interpreter." He is not
secretary of legation acting as interpreter; but he
is interpreter, and his salary is $5,000. It is a
mere verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
line twenty-seven,^fter the word "Japan," to
insert the words:
From the 1st day of January, 1860, to tho 1st day of July,
in t!ie same year, $1,250, and tor the fiscal year ending the
30tli day of June, 1861.
So that the clausc will read:
For compensation to the interpreter to the mission to
Japan, ffom tho 1st day of Januaiy, 1850, to the 1st day of
July in the same year, $1,230; and lor the fiscal yeai end-
in" the 30th day of June, 1861, $2,300.
Mr. HUNTER. That is upon this estimate of
the Secretary of State:
" I request that an appropriation of $3,750 may ho made
for compensation to the interprets lor the mission lo Japan,
bomj* for Ins compensation horn the 1-t of January last to
the ttUth of Juno next, $1,250; and for the fiscal yii.iftmding
the 30th ot June, 1861, ,$'2,500."
Part of this is in the nature of a deficiency, the
appropriation not having been made last year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
line forty-throe, after the word " hundred," to in-
sert tho words 44 and twenty-five;" and in line
forty-four, after the word u dollars" to insert
" $75,000 of which is to be used in the fiscal year
ending tho 30th of June, 18G0."
Mr. HUNTER. The history of that amend-
ment is this: last year the estimate "for tho re-
lief and protection of American seamen in foreign
countries" was ^175,000. Congi ess gave $150,000.
it turns out that there is a deficiency winch will
probably amount to $75,000. The Department
lias already drafts which it lias received, which
there is no appropriation to meet. They ask for
$75,000 deficiency lor th's fiscal year, and they
estimate for $'-200,000 for the next year. The
committee thought that this sum was growing so
largely that it would be better to appropriate"the
$150,000, which was done last war, for the next
rear, and to provide for the deficiency of this.
That will give us time lo look into this subject of
expenditure, in regard to which it would seem
some regulation is necessary. If it should turn
out that the $150,000 is not enough, they can ask
a deficiency again for next year, as they do for
this.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tlie next amendment of the committee was,
after line forty-six to insert:
For expenses winch may he incurred in acknowledging
the seiviecs of the master and eiews of foreign vessels in
rejourn!* eitr/eiwot the United States from shipwreck,
$10,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the amount estimated,
and the Department says it is the least sum that
will suffice, The House of Representatives struck
it out. The amendment speaks for itself. I need
not say anything to the Senate m regard to it.
The amendment was agreed to. ^
• The next amendment of the committee was in
line sixty,after the word "Alexandria,"tostrike
out the word " Simotla."
Mr. HUNTER. That was put in by mistake.
It is a mere clerical error in copying the words of
the act. There is no consul there.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was,
after line one hundred and one, to insert:
For expenses incthred under instructions from the Sfc-
retaiy of State, in bunging home from fonaan countries
pci&ons charged with crime, and expenses incident thereto,
§10,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That was an estimate from
the Department of the Interior. Here is the esti-
mate; I ask to have it read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Department of the Interior, March 1, I860.
Sir: f have the honor to transmit for joui information,
and that of the Committee of Ways and Moan*, a copy of
a communication addressed to Hon. James A. IKyard,
chatiman of the Judiciary Committee-of the Ben cite, sug-
gesting an appiopriation for tiie payment of e\pense" in-
curred m the transportation ofprisoners and witnesses sent
home by our consuls from foreign countries.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON,
Secretary of Ike Interior.
Hon. John Sheuman, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Means, House of Representatives,
Department of the Interior, February 29, 1830.
Sir : 1 have the honor to call yoiu attention, and that of
tho Judicial y Committee, to I he tecommendaiion contained
on page?! 18 and 19 of my last annual report, a copy of
which is annexed, in relation to the payment of expenses
incurred in the transportation of pnsoncr« and witues&eo
Ssont home bv our consuls fiom foreign countries, and to
suggest that lor the reasons theiem assigned, an app.opnu-
tion, to be disbursed nuclei the direction ot the Seeietary of
State, may be made to carry the same into effect, as fol-
lows :
For expenses mcurrcd under instructions fiom the Sec-
rcjuuy ot State m bunging home fiom foieign countries pei-
«ons chaiged with ciimo, and expenses incident theieto,
$10,000.
Very io peetfuUy, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON,
Secretary of the Interior.
To Hon. .Kmrs A. Bayaro, Chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, United Stales Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment of the committee was, after
line one hundred and five, to insert:
To enable the Secretary of State to defray th,A cost of a
pi ison-slup at Canton, in China, from the 1st day of January,
J83*1, to JbeJvt day o! Januaiy. 1837, and toi compensation of
the mar.-ha! of the rousiilai com t at Canton, from Januaiy
1, 183-1, to I3ih Deceinbei, 1837, $4,760, or so much thereof
as may be neeessaiy.
Mr. HUNTER. That is, in effect, to appro-
priate for a deficiency. There was a failure to
appropriate in those years to meet the purposes
designated in the amendment, to pay the expenses^
of the marshal in China.
The amendment was agreed lo.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the Finance Committee are
disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. There is another amendment
that stands on the same ground as the one last
adopted, sent to me after I reported the bill. I
have not had a chance to consult the committee;
but it stands upon the same ground, and I ask
general consent to offer it. If the committee ob-
ject to it, they can say so, and I will withdraw it:
For compensation of the consuls at the five ports in
China, to wit: Kwangehow, Amoy,Fuchow, Nmapo, and
Shangiiae, fiom the 1st of July, 1855, to the 31st ot Decem-
ber, 1836, .$9,000.
Tt is the same deficiency, only providing for a
different set of persons. Here is the estimate on
which it is founded. I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, February'23, 1860.
Sir: I have the honor to state that, by the eighteenth
section of the act of August 11,1848,£v to cany into effect
certain provisions in the treaties between the United Slates
and China and the Ottoman Poite, giving certain judicial
powers to minister?; and consul*: o( tho United States in
tho«e countries," it was provided that kk m consideration ^
of the duties heiem imposed upon the commissioner, tnere
shall be paid to him out of the Tieasury of the United States,
annually, the Mini of ,v 1,000 in addition to hi-* salaiy; and
there shall aho be paid annually io each ot said consuls,
for a like jeason, the sum of SjJ .000, in addition to the con-
sular iocs." In conformity with the piovisions of tin*
.statute, appropriations wen- annually made until 183> " for
compensation of the consul** at the five ports m China,
viz . Kwangchow, Amoy, Fuchow. Nin-rpo. raid Shanyhae,
>3,000 ; and also u for the additional compensation"' of the
•• commissioner to reside in China," under the act above
mentioned
The section of tho act allowing the, compensation was
tepealed by the twentieth and thuty-third sections of the
act of August IS, 1836, which went into operation on the
1st day of January, 1837.
lnadveitently, no estimate was made for the compensa-
tion of the commissioner and consuls in China, for judicial
services, for the period ot a \eai and a half, trom .tuly 1,
1833. to December J l, 1836, and no appropiiation was ae-
eoidingly made for that puipo^e. The services, howevei,
under tin piovisions of the law, the instructions of the De-
partment, and treaty stipulations,continued to he rendeied
during the above-mentioned period by the commissioner
and consuls, and they have claimed the compensation,
which would have been paid but lor the absence of an ap-
propuation.
I respectfully recommend, therefoie^ that piovision be
made for an appiopriation of j$9, COO, for this purpose,in the
