1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
correspondence with parties in all the principal
cities of the Union, in order to ascertain what we
ought to pay for gas for the public buildings and
grounds here. I have received answers to all my
communications, but they all close by saying that
the writers could not give satisfactory information,
unless they can come here and make an examin-
ation. Of course we have no means of paying
parties for coming here to do that.
The result to which ray own mind has come
from that correspondence is, that the gas com-
pany of this city ought to furnish to the Govern-
ment and to the citizens gas at thirty-three per
cent, less than they now do. Citizens pay $3 50,
and the Government $3 25 per thousand cubic
feet. In Philadelphia the citizens pay $2 25; in
New York $2 50, and in Boston $2 50, and I
think this company can furnish the Government
with all the gas they need at $2 50. This is the
only company in the District, and of course we
are dependent upon them for light, and if we
strike out this appropriation, they may strike out
the light, and then we would be driven back to
the use of candles. But that company are en-
tirely willing, so far as I know, to make a fair
contract with the Government, and there is now
a proposition upon the part of the Senate com-
mittee to create a superintendent of gas, who shall
have the opportunity to inquire into all their do-
ings, and to restrict their profits to ten per cent,
upon their capital. They suppose that that will
reduce the price of gas to a reasonable rate.
It therefore seems to me to be unwise for the
House to undertake to change this appropriation
from $47,000, until the committees of the Senate
and House shall be ready to subnnta proposition,
which may meet the approbation of Congress, to
control this gas company. When that is done,
everybody will be satisfied. I know the present
president of the company is an honorable man,
and is ready to do everything lie can for the com-
mon interest of the company, the city, an5 the
Government. 1 believe there will be no difficulty
in coming to a fair conclusion.
Let me say that we are not obliged to spelid
$47,000 because we appropriate it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would inquire of
the gentleman whether it would not be better'to
make the appropriation than to wait until the re-
port is made? Would not the report come in too
late ?
Mr. TRAIN. It might come in too late for
that. If you appropriate only $30,000, the trouble
may be that you may find yourself in the dark
at the commencement of the next Congress.
Mr. BRANCH. The reduction of the appro-
priation was made in consequence of the fact that
the committee had determined to light a less num-
ber of streets.
Mr. TRAIN, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. BARRETT. I move to amend, by insert-
ing after line one hundred and forty-four the
words:
For the payment of the balance due for completing the
custoin-hou-se at St. Louis, Missouri, and for furnishing
the same, $-15,0(10.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the amendment is not germane to the bill,
and therefore is out of order.
Mr. BARRETT. Will the Chair inform me
whether it will be in order at the end of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it would
not be.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to state to'
the committee that, within the last few years, a
bridge has been put up at the Falls of the Po-
tomac, costing $100,000, or more. It has never
been included in the usual annual appropriations
for the repair of bridges within the District; but
I am informed by the Commissioner that the floor
is now giving way, and will soon require some
attention. I therefore propose, for the purpose
of embracing it in the appropriation for repair of
bridges within the District to the amount of §500,
to amend the clause for that purpose, so that it
shall read:
For the repairs of the Potomac bridges and the Eastern
Branch bridges within the District of Columbia, $8,500.
Mr. BRANCH. This is a very small matter;
but it is only quartering a bridge upon the public
Tieasury, to be supported at ail annual expense
of thousands of dollars. If the Government have
built a bridge at an expense of $100,000, it is as
little as the people of the District and.the people
of Virginia ought to do to keep that Bridge in re-
pair. Five hundred dollars is,indeed,a small sum;
but that is but the point of the wedge; and the $500
will be quoted hereafter as a precedent for a larger
appropriation to keep up the repairs of that bridge.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. TRAIN. I move to amend, after line one
hundred and forty-one, by inserting as follows:
For inclosing with an iron railing, planting, and other-
wise improving the triangular space m front of the Presby-
terian church, at the intersection of N ew York avenue and
H street, $2,000.
That amendment is offered from the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, in consequence
of a petition sent here by Dr. Gurley and others,
and which was referred to us on the 20th of April.
The society of which the Rev. Dr. Gurley is pas-
tor, are building a new church, and desire to or-
nament their grounds around it. The Government
owns a little triangle, with a base of fifty feet, in
front of this church, which ought to be ornamented
and finished up at the same time as theirs.
Mr. GROW. Give them the triangle.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Of what denom-
ination is that church ?
Mr. TRAIN. Presbyterian, I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts will accept as an amendment," and
that the triangle be given to the church." If it
costs $2,000 to ornament it, it would be better to
give it to them altogether.
Mr. Train's amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRAIN. At the suggestion of several
ladies who have little children that are in the
habit of frequenting the Smithsonian grounds, I
offer the following amendment:
For seats of wood in the Smithsonian grounds, $100.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend by striking
out the word " twenty," in the one hundred and
seventy-second line, and inserting in lieu thereof
the word " thirty;" so that the clause will read:
For surveying the public lands and private land claims in
California, to be di&buised at the rates prescribed by law for
the different kinds of work, $30,000.
This will restore the amount estimated by the
Executive Department. I am informed that the
estimates for the surveys of the public lands in
the States and Territories were greatly reduced,
and perhaps more reduced thqn they ought to have
been. Unless this sum of money be appropriated,
the surveys can only be prosecuted to a very lim-
ited extent. Some gentlemen are laboring under
the impression that m California and in the Ter-
ritories settlements have not gone in advance of
the suiveys. That is a mistake. This money is
now needed to prosccute the surveys, in order to
separatej>rivate land claims from the publiclands.
The emigrant who repairs to California, to make
that his home, wants to know that he shall not
trespass on any claim set up by an individual and
recognized by the Government, and he wants to
obtain the land on which he settles. I think, there-
fore, that the surveys ought to be further prose-
cuted .
Mr. MORRILL. I sheuld like to inquire what
the probability is of having any money in the
Treasury to pay these increased appropriations ?
Mr. PHELPS. I presume Congress will make
provision for the payment of all the expenses of
the Government before its adjournment.
Mr. Phelps's amendment was rejected.
Mr. STOUT. I move to amend by increasing the
amount from $15,000 to $25,000; so that the clause
will read:
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, to be disbursed
at the lates now authorized by law, §25,000.
If the committee will bear with me for a mo-
ment, 1 will satisfy every member that this amend-
ment ought to be adopted. Since the year 1856
we have had but $20,000 appropriated to Oregon
for the survey of the public lands. During that
time $100,000 has been appropriated for the sur-
vey oflands in Utah; ^140,000 for New Mexico;
$190,000 for Kansas and Nebraska, and $300,000
for California. And yet but $20,000 has been ap-
propriated for Oregon, a State which contains as
much agricultural land as either of the States or
Territories to which I have referred. Itwas not
absolutely necessary, however, that a larger ap-
propriation should be made for Oregon, fiom the
fact that the Indian hostilities on the frontiers pre-
vented overland emigration to Oregon, and the
country has not been settled rapidly. In fact;
emigration there has been quite limited for the
last four or five years. But now, since hostilities
have been suppressed, and since peace has been
restored, emigration has increased. There was a
large emigration to the State last year, and the
prospects are now that there will be a much larger
emigration this year across the plains. The peo-
ple settling there now are settling exclusively on
lands that have not been surveyed. I do not be-
lieve there are to-day, in the State of Oregon, lands
enough surveyed, including the lands that are not
susceptible ofimprovement or cultivation, to serve
the necessities of two thirds the citizens already
in Oregon. We need a survey of these lands; and
now I ask, since emigration to the State demands
it, that this appropriation will be made for the
survey. We only ask now what Congress has
been giving for years to other States and Terri-
tories, and which we have been heretofore de-
prived of. I trust that the committee, in justice
to Oregon, will agree to my amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Have any of the public
lands ever been sold in Oregon ?
Mr. STOUT. I believe that none have been
sold, with the exception of a few sections. They
were advertised for sale, and afterwards, by order
of the Department, that order of sale was counter-
manded. But now the lands will be sold if you
will survey them and bring them into market; and
the only reason to-day why our lands are not
sold is because you will not survey them, and
offer them for sale, so that persons may purchase
them. When you will do that, they will be
bought. *
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will vote for the gentle-
man's amendment if he will add to it, that the
sum shall be paid out of the proceeds of the sales
of the lands so surveyed. I tm willing to give
him the money, if it is to be paid out of the pro-
ceeds of the lands sold. Will he accept that?
Mr. STOUT. I cannot accept that. I am will-
ing, however, that the committee should vote
upon it. I cannot accept it for this reason: the
lands will not be sold until they are surveyed.
It is not reasonable for gentlemen to ask the sur-
veyors in Oregon to survey the lands on credit,
and to wait till the lands are sold before they get
their pay. You have not asked it in other States,
and I now ask you to do that justice to Oregon
which you have done to othef States and Terri-
tories.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only desire to say that
we reported the amount estimated for—$20,000
in the deficiency bill, and $15,000 in this. That
is all that was asked for by the Department of the
Interior.
Mr. Stout's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend the clause of the bill which we have now
reached, by striking out " fifteen," and inserting
" twenty-five;" so that it will read:
For surveying the public lands in Washington Territory,
at the rates now authorized by law, $25,000.
I offer that amendment so as to make it con-
form to the estimate of the Department. I have
little to add to the remarks of the gentleman from
Oregon. The same facts apply to Washington
Territory that apply to Oregon. We had only
one appropriation during the last four years; but
Congress, by a special act, extended the surveys
east of the Cascades. Up to last year we had
been surveying west of the Cascades. The sur-
veys went on slowly and laboriously, on aecount
of the difficult character of the country, and the
difficulty of making contracts to expend the money
judiciously. Those surveys have gone on, how-
ever, so that we have some of the best portion of
the country west of the Cascades surveyed. We
have little or nothing surveyed east of the Cas-
cades. We have large settlements springing up
on the Columbia, above the Cascades, at several
points where there is not an acre of land surveyed,
not a meridian line run, and, of course, no town-
ship lines run. Our country is growing up under
the preemption laws. We think those laws healthy
for us. We do not want our lands to go into the
hands of speculators, but we want the Govern-
ment to have these lands surveyed, so that our
hardy settlers may get clear and indisputable titles
to their lands.
Now, the Commissioner of the General Land
