1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
allows them, and estimate the distance by Pan-
ama. You had better fix the matter by law, and
then they will take what the law allows. Even
X, sir, with all my patriotism, am very apt to take
just what the law allows, but not a cent more.
That much'l am in the habitof talcing; but if you
■will compute the distance by the overland route,
I shall" be content with that, and it will confine
others to the same distance.
Mr. GREEN. That does very well, but it
would be wrong- in itself. I cannot see how any
man-can accept it while it continues to be wrong.
Mr. LANE. Will the Senator allow me 
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. LANE. I will say, in a word, that here-
tofore the travel has been by Panama, and it has
not boon very practicable for any of the agents
of the Government to travel across the country.
You have not established mail routes overland;
you have not afforded that facility and protection
which would make it secure to go overland. It
is your fault, not the fault of those who have had
the mileage. Now, however, you propose to give
overland service; you propose to establish over-
land service in mail coaches. That will enable
the agents of the Government to pass safely over
the country. I have not passed ovei the country
while in the service of the Government and enti-
tled to mileage, except when 1 went out as the
Governor of Oregon Territory. Then I was five
months and twenty-two days on the route, and
had not a cent of mileage, and never charged any.
Ever since then, in passing to and fro, the only
safe conveyance was by Panama. It was your
fault that tl\e overland service was not safe. You
did not put on coaches; you did not provide that
kind of conveyance which made it practicable and
safe for officers to pass through. Now the coun-
try is being settled up, and fherc is no occasion
further to go around by Panama, but we can safely
go across the country. Then fix the travel by
that route; fix it by law; stop the other route as
an official route, and let Army officers and other
agents of the Government who are allowed mile-
age have it computed by the overland route.
Mr. YULEE. 1 wish to ask the Senator from
Oregon whether he considers that the route of
travel across the country now is unsafe?
Mr. LANE. I consider now that you have no
certain mail service between St. Louis and Cali-
fornia by Salt Lake.
Mr. YULEE. There is service twice a week.
Mr. LANE. It is not as expeditious as we
provide for its being by this provision.
Mr. GREEN. So far as the establishment of
mails is concerned, does the Senator from Oregon
want it done for the purpose of giving him facili-
ties of travel? If that is his purpose, it is outside
of mmc, and it is outside of the general purpose
of the postal relations of this Government. When
we establish mail service, it is for the mail, and
not for the travel.
Mr. LANE. They generally go together,
though.
Mr. GREEN. It has been determined by the
Postmaster General, with the assent of the Con-
gress of the United States, that the business of the
Post Office Department is to transport the mail,
and do it in the cheapest and best manner we can,
and leave the people go as they can; and yet he
wants to predicate the crossing of the continent
upon tin- mail services. He is wrong in that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri allow me to suggest, as he is
a friend of this amendment, and so is the Senator
from Oregon, that I hope there will be no discus-
sion between them. 1 behove the friends of the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
aie in the majority here, if we can come to a vote.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; but I will remark
to the Senator from Wisconsin, that we shall soon
get to a vote if he will let me alone; but if he
interposes, he will postpone it a long time. The
best way for him to get a vote is to let me alone;
and if he has any discretion or propriety, he will
let me alone. I was desiring to correct a false idea
promulgated by the Senator from Oregon. We
establish our postal relations with reference to
postal facilities; we leave tho traveling public to
the traveling conveniences, and they must pay
their own expenses and abide the consequences
of their own travel. That is agreed upon. There
is one other point. I live in the middle of the val-
ley of the Mississippi. The overland mail is a
great thing to me; it is a great thing to the people
I of Missouri; it is a great thins: to the people ot
| Aikansas, of Iowa, of Minnesota, of llhnois, of
Michigan, of other States—I might include Ohio
and Indiana. It is agieat thing to them; but I
can tell you, sir, that the ocean mail steam service
and the Isthmus service are more important to New
York, and Philadelphia, and Baltimore, than is an
overland mail service. While we get what we
want for the interior, lot us do justice to the ex-
tenor. Is not that right? I know that the travel
and the communication from New York, from
Philadelphia, fiom Boston, although 1 have no
connection with them in any sense whatever, is
more direct and more important by way of the
Isthmus to San Francisco by ocean steamers than
it is overland; and yet, from the interior across, it
is more important to us to have an overland ser-
vice.
Mr. LATHAM. Will my friend from Mis-
souri allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. LATHAM. If that is the case, how does
it come that leading merchants of the cities of
Boston, New York, and Philadelphia, present to
this body a petition asking for a daily ovei land
mail ?
Mr. GREEN. I answer by asking, is it pos-
sible that New York, and Boston, and Philadel-
phia, are willing to dispense with the ocean mail
service, and is the Senator from California willing
to dispense with it?
Mr. LATHAM. I am, most cheerfully.
Mr. GREEN. But are they?
Mr. LATHAM. I only have their petition that
was presented here and laid on the table of this
body, signed by seveial hundred of the first mer-
chants of those three cities.
Mr. GREEN. I happen to know a little about
it, and I will tell you they are not willing to dis-
pense with it. A few interested men, who expect
to make money out of the overland mail route,
may desire it, and petition for it; but to keep up an
exterior service as well as an interior service, is
important to accommodate all parties, for the sake
of travel and for the sake of the mails. If you
undertake to carry the whole mail oveiland,it
will break down; you cannot do it. I know that
the mere letter mail might be carried overland. J
am quite in favor of the overland mail service;
more than you are. It does mo more good than
it does you; it doe j my State more good; but while
I intend to defend my own State, I will not do
injustice to other States. 1 want to do justice to
all: to New York, the great center of trade, to
Philadelphia, to Boston, to Baltimore, whose com-
merce, whose intercourse, aie important to be kept
up. Now 1 do know that it will be better for them
to keep up the ocean mail steam service as well
as an overland mail service. The overland ser-
vice accomplishes the transit from the center of
the Mississippi valley to the Pacific, from the
center to the western verge. The other service
accomplishes it from the eastern verge to the west-
ern verge; and if you send theeastern mail through
the center, the mishaps, the delay, the weight,
and the contingencies dependentupon it will make
it woise for all than if you send it around the
coast.
I have looked at this subject, as I think, in a
liberal and magnanimous view, not to injure Ore-
gon. I want to henwfit Oregon, but I want to
secure the rights of all, and especially of my own
State, the heart of the Mississippi valley, that
vibrates with every pulsation felt m any extrem-
ity of the Union. Still, I will not do injustice to
New York, to Boston, to Philadelphia, and to
Baltimore. I cannot do it. Lea\e ihem their
facilities; let us get ours; and while we do that,
we accommodate them and we accommodate our-
selves. If wo do this, I think the public interest
is better subserved than if we smke at any one
class. I do not care whether they are called
Republicans, Americans, Democrats, Whi<rs, or
anythinselse, I will do justice to them all. When
you have the Union as it is m its broad expanse,
it has got a center, and that center is light at the
city of St. Louis. There the trade concentrates.
Half of your transit is completed when you get
there; and if, before you get there, you choose to
send to San Francisco by way of the Isthmus,
and you can do it cheaper than you can by wny
of St. Louis, I shall not complain—you have the
right; but if you will come by there, then I want
to give you the privilege of going direct to Port-
land, to San Francisco, to Los Angeles; but I will
not consent to take away any of the rights of any
of the States on the eastern- bolder, simply l)e~.
cause the center of the Union desires an oveiland
mail route. 1 go for the overland mail route; .but,
I do not desire to takeaway the routes which the
borders desire in their transit from one end to the
other. , . i
Mr. LANE. 1 do not want to detain the Senate,
and will not do so; but I wish simply to notice one.
remark of thcSenator from Missouri. He blows
hot and cold quicker and faster than any man I ever
saw. Just now he reminded us it was the duty
of the Government to give mail service without
reference to the tiavel. Now, he knows, as well
as you, sir, or any other man in this country, that
there is a regular line of mail steamers from New
York, via Panama, to San Francisco, and that
they will continue to run there as longas Amcrica
exists, and as long as our country,lasts; and, in
order to encourage travel by that route, he will
give mail service by Panama, for it facilitates
travel. Just before, he reminded us that he could
not give service across the country with a view of
facilitating travel. He cannot give us service with
a view of advancing travel overland, but he can
give mail service to advance travel by sea. Now,
sir, travel will go by sea, and all that want to go
by sea will have the privilege of doing so, because
the steamers will leave regularly three times a
month, and perhaps oftener, and they can carry
out, by express, any communications wlucli per-
sons desire to send in that way. Let us have over-
land service from St. Louis, and other points, to
the Pacific coast, across our own country. The
mail from New York can reach St. Louis in two
days, and m eighteen days more it will be upon
the Pacific coast, by the overland route, in less
time th<m the steamer can take it by way of Pan-
ama. I hope the amendment will be adopted,
without any provision for service other than across
our own continent.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, we have all
professed, men of the East and of the West, men
of all parties, even from the South, to be in favor
of a telegraph line across the country to Califor-
nia, of an overland mail line, and of a railway to
the Pacific. Sir, we have already provided for
the telegraph. Now we propose to have the over-
land mail line, and we hope that the Pacific rail-
road will follow speedily. This proposition, in
the form in which it is now put, allows $600,000
a year for a tri-wcekly mail, with the privilege of
making a contract for a daily mail for $800,000.
In case the Government fails to contract with
these parties, I propose, as suggested by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, to amend the amend-
ment, so that it may contract with other parties;
and then if the Government fails to make a con-
tract for tri-weekly service at $,600,000, or daily
service at $800,000, the Government has the priv-
ilege, as I think it ought to have, of making a
contract with the steamers, including the transit
across the Isthmus, for $400,000. 1 think the
provision is very well as it stands. It is a prop-
osition to provide for carrying not only letters,
but all printed matter. In this form, some may
regard it as an experiment, but 1 have no doubt
of its success. If, however, it should fail, the
Government has the privilege of making a con-
tract with 1 he steam lines for ^400,000. We give
the central inland route the ad\antage over the
steamers of $200,000 for a tri-weekly mail, and
$400,000 for a daily mail. I think it will succeed-,
but if it should fail, certainly we ought to be in a
position to have our mails earned to the Pacific
in some way. I shall vote very cheei fully for the
inland route; and as for my own section, I think
it is the universal sentiment of all business men,
and of all men, that if we can get a rapid inland
service in twentydays,tri-weekiyordaily,across
the country to California, it will be something
not only to go for but to rejoice over.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, it will, perhaps,
tend to attract the attention of the Senate to this
subject when I tell them that the piopoMtiou of
1 the'Senator from Massachusetts proposes to raise
I the cost of the transportation of the mails to Cali-
! fornia—supposing it possible to convey them by
| the means he provides—to the sum of $1,950,000,
j or nearly two million dollars a year, to reach the
other side, without including the cost of internal
J transportation. I trust the statement of that fact
