1848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26.
Administrations, hare employed a part of the
naval service in very successful explorations of
the great tributaries of the river Platte. It is a
very rich country. Their principal, almost, their
exclusive, commerce has been with the European
nationsj their products are valuable; and the de-
sign and desire is, by getting the right of way up
their rivers, (which has been a difficulty,) and the
right to navigate their rivers by concessions or by
conventions, to stimulate our commerce into these
channels. With the Government of Paraguay,
as I have said, we have had a difficulty—a diffi-
culty that, I presume very strongly, never would
have occurred if we had had a functionary there
of a public character capable of holding inter-
course with that Government; but a difficulty
| which it cost us some half a million dollars, prob-
ably, to redress. We have opened the way for
commerce. Our merchants will go there; our prod-
ucts will go; our people will go; and, on the score
of economy, the salary which is to be paid to the
minister, multiplied by a hundred ten times, would
not more than retribute the expense of a single
expedition to redress the injuries to the commerce
of the citizens of the United States, which may-
be prevented by holding official relations with
thom. Tile salary is that which is fixed by law
for all ministers of that grade not fixed in the
bill—$7,500. I think it would be injurious to
withhold an appropriation for a minister to that
country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I thought
that the indication of the sense of the Senate was
so decided against the allowance of this mission,
so for as the vote of the Senate could control'it,
that it would scarcely be renewed; and I should
not have deemed it necessary to say anything
further on the subject had it not been for a remark
of the Senator from Virginia broaching a doctrine
which has been previously broached in the Sen-
ate,and to which I cannot for a moment yield my
! assent, even by silence; and that is, that the Con-
stitution of the United States contemplated the es-
tablishment by the President (without any con-
trol being exercised by, or any discretion being
vested in, Congress) of any number of diplomatic
missions abroad that he might think proper to
initiate.
I admit, sir, that the President has the power
to name ministers, to name diplomatic agents
abroad; that it may frequently be very proper to
do so during the recess of the Senate, or even
pending the session of the Senate, in cuse of ur-
gency and forparticularliusincss; but I do not ad-
mit that, by any just interpretation of the terms of
the Constitution, power is vented in the President
of the United States to establish permanent mis-
sions abroad at his discretion. The language of
the Constitution is the same in relation to minis-
ters as it is in relation to judges of the Supreme
Court. It fjives the President power, " by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make
treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators pres-
ent concur; and he shall nominate and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint embassadors, other public ministers, and
consuls, judges of the Supremo Court, and ull
other officers of the United States," &c.
The clause evidently placcs the judges of the
Supremo Court and foreign ministers in the same
category; that is to say, it has reference merely
to the appointing power of the President, and
does not at nil contemplate the ease of the initia-
tion of missions any more than it would author-
ize the President of' the United States, without
the action of Congress, to nominate and appoint
judges of the Supreme Court. I think that the
true construction is, that the President, although
he may send a minister abroad, is dependent upon
the action of Congress for the pay of that min-
ister; and although we might not hesitate at any
time to refuse payment to a minister thus sent,
we may very properly, in the exercise of our con-
stitutional power, refuse to recognize a permanent
mission abroad by refusing any permanent ap-
propriation. That is what I say in this instance,
if the proposition was for a temporary minister
abroad, as a matter of compliment to a sister Re-
public, I should not deem it necessary to say a
word on the subject. However idle and unneces-
sary I might deem the pageant on the occasion, or
however unnecessary the expense to be incurred,
it would be a small matter. But, sir, we are in-
creasing those foreign diplomatic appointments
in a manner that is absolutely extravagant; and
when these missions once take hold they never
cease; they are never stopped. I remember one
instance. Some years ago, the Republic of Ecua-
dor, which is possessed of, I think, some three
or four hundred thousand inhabitants, the capital
city of which is on the Andes—I believe the high-
est inhabited city on the globe—having one small
seaport town, at which wo have a consul, sent us
a minister here. He remained here for a year or
two. It was considered proper, just as it is now
in the case of Paraguay, to recognize this cour-
tesy, by naming a minister in return to the Re-
public of Ecuador. The relations between the
countries for the last five or six years have been
commercial relations, confined to the annual dis-
patch of a single vessel from the port of Guay-
aquil by our consul there, who is the only Amer-
ican merchant in the place. The Republic of
Ecuador, poor, unable to keep up the expense of
an extensive foreign staff, withdrew, at the end
of two or three years, its minister here, because
it was not able to pay his salary; but that has
been no reason for our minister being withdrawn;
he still remains in that Republic, living in Quito
with nothing on the face of the earth to do but to
repeat annually some experiment at a commercial
treaty, by way of giving us knowledge that he
exists
Mr." CRITTENDEN. Who is ho ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know who the
present incumbent is. I know very well the gen-
tleman who was there a few years ago, because I
myself paid a visit to Quito and saw him there—
a very worthy, estimable gentleman, to whom I
was indebted for kindly hospitalities—perfectly
competent and able to represent the interests of
the country, but having really, in my judgment,
nothing to do; not seeing an American once in six
months, and considering it a perfect godsend when
a fellow-citizen came near him with whom he
could exchange a few words in his native lan-_
guage. Yet there is the mission, and there it will"
remain. What for? To pension some disap-
pointed office-seeker or politician—out-door relief
for a broken down politician, as the Senator from
Kentucky says.
Nowwc are to establish amission in Paraguay.
What commercial relations have we with her?
None whatever. It is admitted that none exist.
Is there any prospect of any? Yes, gentlemen
say, we hope to have commercial relations with
that country. Mow are commercial relations with
that country to be promoted by having a minis-
ter residiug'there? In ivli.it way? Will a .sol-
itary merchant m the United States send out a
ship to trade with Paraguay, or send a steamer up
the river, because we have a minister residing
there? Is there one who will be influenced by
that consideration? If the business to be done
with Paraguay is a profitable business, the spirit
of enterprise of our people is sufficiently enlight-
ened, their eagerness for legitimate gain is suffi-
ciently active, to induce them to engage in the busi-
ness without the paraphernalia attendant on the
establishment of a miuister there.
If you get the minister there, you will never
get him away. Since I have been in the Senate,
I have never seen a proposition from any quarter
to discontinue any consulship, however unneces-
sary it may be, however useless it may have
proved. Here is $7,500 a year. That is equiva-
lent to an outright expenditure of §150,000. That
is the interest on §150,000 at the' rate at which
Government borrows money. Is it worth to us
§150,000 to put a minister in Paraguay? Can
anybody say it is worth that ? Is there any neces-
sity for it? On the contrary, does not experience
teach us, as the Senator from Kentucky has so
well said, that we are more apt to got into quar-
rels; that there are more subjects for making little
disputes about, with these ministers who have
nothing to do, in small and remote States, than
any advantage which can be gained, either directly
or indirectly, from their presence? I think it is
time wc should exercise some control over this
subject.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] ad-
mits that the Committee on Finance, a few years
ago, desired to inaugurate a system of appropria-
tions for a minister to Persia, with no seaport,or
but a single miserable seaport on the Persian gulf
—no placc at which our citizens had any com-
munication at all—doing all its commerce by cara-
vans across the desert. We were to have a min-
ister there, to ride out with the Shah's officers,
prance about on horseback in the afternoon with
the courtiers, and go back-to the palace again,
with nothing on earth to do; no commercialrela-
tions whatever—just as we have none now with
Paraguay; just as wo have none worth mention-
ing with Ecuador; just as we have none worth
mentioning with half a dozen other insignificant,
petty States that I.might name, if I had the list of
our foreign ministers before me.
I think the House of Representatives has done
wisely in refusing this appropriation. It is time
to arrest our steps in this path. We all speak of
economy, but Heaven knows I cannot imagine a
subject on which expenditure is more utterly
worthless than it is in this whole system of nom-
inating foreign ministers to places where we have
no relations whatever. I trust the Senate will per-
sist in its refusal of this appropriation.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, the Senator from
Louisiana is a little mistaken. Our relations with
Ecuador are of greater importance than he ima-
gines. The old Colombian Government embraced
Ecuador, Venezuela, and New Granada. When
they dissolved that Government, they made a di-
vision of the obligations to foreign Governments.
New Granada assumed fifty per cent, of those ob-
ligations; Venezuela thirty-one and one half per
cent.; and Ecuador twenty-eight and one half per
cent. Our citizens have, to this day, more than
three hundred thousand dollars of claims against
the three Governments, to be paid in the propor-
tion which I have named by the division and the
agreement at the time of the dissolution of the
Colombian Government. I hold it to be the duty
of this Government to protect its citizens: and
when our citizens, although they may bo on the
northeastern coast, have, in commercial enter-
prises, sustained losses, I hold myself respons-
ible to assist in securing them adequate remuner-
ation and redress. That redress has not yet been
afforded. A portion of it has, but all has not.
There is therefore an existing necessity for a
minister at Quito, the capital of Ecuador; there
is a necessity for having one at Bogota, the capi-
tal of New Granada, which assumed fifty per cent,
of the debt; and, besides all this, there is a com-
merce and a business, of which the Senator seems
to be entirely ignorant. Besides the commerce
from Guayaquil, which comes up and crosses the
isthmus at Panama, there is a large commerce
across the plains and down the Cauca, to Mag-
dalena, by Sabanilla, and by ship thence to New
York. A part of the commerce is in what we call
Panama hats, but what they call Jippapipa hats;
a large portion of it is in Peruvian bark as we call
it, or Jesuit bark as they call it. There arc vari-
ous other articles of commerce. To pay for these
things, cotton goods are shipped there and vari-
ous articles of eastern manufacture. These are facts
that I know to be true: but whether true or not,
knowing the claims of our citizens against those
Republics, it is our duty to be properly repre-
sented, so as to get proper redress.
So far as Paraguay is concerned, all I have to say
is this: there was a very serious difficulty between
our Governmentand that. It was adjusted on hon-
orable terms with the President, Lopez. It is our
duty to meet his courtesies with the proper degree
of respect. We can only do it by sending amin-
ister of the same grade. When the Senator says
that a minister once employed is never recalled, and
a ministry once established is never abolished, I
have but to say to him, in this growing country,
when a Territory is created, it is never abolished;
wc grow; we expand; wo increase. As with our
population; as with our commcrce, so with our
necessities for intercourse abroad. It must con-
tinue to grow and continue to increase; and it
ought; and it is one of the strongest evidences of
the continuing prosperity of this country.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I wish
to say a word only in reply to my friend from
Virginia, and principally to say to him that un-
doubtedly 1 made no remark in any spirit of un-
kmdness or discourtesy towards him.
Mr. MASON. Certainly not. I never thought
of it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There are few gentle-
men in the body or out of it for whom 1 have more
respect than for the Senator from Virginia. 1
simply differ in opinion with him as to the neces-
sity or propriety of sending this mission. I am
