2232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Office has sent to the Committee of Ways and
Means a special letter, urging them to retain the
estimates of the Department. They have been
everywhere very much cut down. For the Ter-
ritory of Washington the original estimate was
$54,000. We simply ask that the estimate shall
be restored to $25,000.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I oppose the amendment.
I have no objection to granting the $25,000, which
the gentleman asks, provided it shall come out of
the proceeds of the public lands surveyed. It is
precisely the same case as that of Oregon. We
have nearly one hundred million acres of the pub-
lic lands surveyed, and ready for sale.
Mr. STOUT. You have given to other States
and Territories from one hundred to three hun-
dred thousand dollars for surveying lands, while
to Oregon and Washington you have given but
$20*000 apiece for the same time; and that is the
reason why it is different there from elsewhere.
Mr. CRAWFORD. And yet my friend says
that the lands already surveyed have not been
sold.
Mr. STOUT. I say that more than half the
pet-sons who have {settled in Oregon during the
last few years, have settled upon, and are now
occupying, unsurveyed lands. Nearly all the
lands fit for cultivation are unsurveyed. The
lands must be surveyed. It is only a question of
time as to when the money shall be appropriated,
and I trust that opposition will not be urged to
it, when no permanentgood can be accomplished
by it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no idea that, if you
survey as much land as you could for $£5,000, in
Oregon or Washington, you would not receive
that amount in ten years from the proceeds of the
sales of the lands surveyed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 would ask the
gentleman, if he means to deny to that country
the survey of the public lands?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not. But this bill
appropriates $15,000; and the Committeeof Ways*
and Means thought that that was a sufficient
amount at this particular time. I am opposed to
its being increased, unless you will get the amount
of the money, not from a high tariff, but out of
the y->roceeds of the sales of the public lands sur-
veyed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Washington will be
agreed to.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYN All I). 1 move to strike out " forty,'1
in line one hundred and ninety-thiee, and to in-
sert "sixty-," so that the clause wilt read:
For coiicetion of sup (cultural statistic, investigation'; for
promoting ajmeuiture and niral ceonomj, and the ptoemo-
mentof ciitung.s and seod<, ^(>0,000.
I do not make the motion for the purpose of
saying anything in favor of the agricultural bureau
in the Patent Offi.ce. I suppose the merits or de-
merits of that depaitment of the Government are
sufficiently understood. Last your we appropn-
ated the same sum, $40,000, for the same pur-
pose. We have had from the Patent. Office, 1 be-
lieve, some tea plants. No seeds whatever have
been distributed, and very few cuttings.
I represent an agricultural community. Almost
all my constituents, or the great body of them,
are engaged in that department of industry. They
regard the agricultural bureau as one very im-
portant to them. The seeds and cuttings hitherto
received through the Patent Office they believe to
have been of very great service to them, and they
arc very desirous that the appropriation shall be
continued, and made sufficient to furnish them
with such amount of seeds as they have been ac-
customed to receive. I have received I know not
how many letters from, I suppose, every county
in my district, making application for seeds from
the Paten t Office; and I certainly should be mis-
representing my constituents if I did not favor
the increase of this appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Tennessee if these tea
plants have been restricted?
Mr. MAYNAtiD. I will state to the gentle-
man from Illinois the information I have. I was
informed by some one that, if I would designate
some person m my district, they would send these
plants to him, if he would pay the express ex-
penses, I wrote to a gentleman, and he agreed
to do it. I so informeH them at the Patent Office-
and I suppose they were sent. I know nothing
further about it. I do not wish to consume time
in the committee by pressing this amendment
upon them. I move to increase the amount; and,
as I observed, I should be misrepresenting my
constituents if I did not urge the committee to
adopt the amendment.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I desire to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee. I
think, in reference to this matter of distributing
seeds and cuttings, very much as a man I heard
at a Millerite meeting said m reference to another
matter. He said he thought this experiment of
human nature had proved a total failure, and
ought to be wound up.
Now, sir, this proposition to appropriate $40,000,
or any other sum of money, for the promotion of
agricultural knowledge, was, no doubt, intended
originally to nurture that interest in a portion of
the country where it needs to be strengthened.
It was not designed to give additional aid to the
agriculturists in those States where their groat
staple grows with such luxuriance as to need no
aid or enlightenment from this Government, if
we arc to believe what gentlemen tell us. 1 be-
lieve that this appropriation, when originally
made, was intended to give the benefit of the in-
formation derived from it to the farmers of the
North, the East, and the West.
But it seems, by the rcpoitof the Commissioner,
an extiact from which 1 presume we have all seen,
that this $40,000, during the last year, has been
entirely absorbed in the purchase of those prod-
ucts which flourish only in that district of coun-
try lying south of the north line of the State of
Tennessee; and, as 1 said befoie, it is very like
gilding fine gold to attempt to strengthen the cause
or condition of agriculture there. It seems to me,
therefore, that this whole proposition as it stands
here, upon forty or sixty thousand dollars, is an
entirely useless thing. This appropriation, as I
am informed, was expended in part in sugar cane
seed, and a vessel was sent round the coast for
the purpose of distributing that sugar cane. It
was also spent in tea plants and pomegranates
and grape vines, which grow only as curiosities,
after the expressagc has been paid for them, in
the hot-houses of the North, and aie fit for culti-
vation only m a southern climate. Therefore, I
am entirely opposed to this whole appropriation,
as I am to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee; and I shall propose, whenever it is in
older, to strike out #he whole paragraph.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
by diminishing the amount $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, 1 am "very much opposed to
this whole system myself, but not for the reason
stated by the gentleman fiom New York. That
gentleman is opposed to this appropriation be-
cause it has been expended for the benefit of the
South. II it had been expended for the benefit
of the North he would have been foi it, of course,
we have a light to infer.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman allow
me a single moment; and, by the way, I wish to
eorreotamistake 1 made in saying sugar cane seed.
If the gentleman supposes that 1 would approve
the expenditure of money which would carry the
whole benefit to the North, or to any other sec-
tion of country, he does me great injustice, and 1
failed entirely to make myself understood. And
now, if he will allow me to make the remark—and
I do it without any levity about it—I will say that
if this appropriation is to be devoted to aiding or
promoting the convenience or benefits of the peo-
ple confined to any section of country, I do think
that is a sufficient objection to it, North or South.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from New York objected to this appropriation on
the ground that it had been expended for tea plants, j
and other articles for the benefit of the South; !
and of course 1 had the right to infer that his op- j
position to it would have ceased if it had been ex- i
pended for the benefit of another section of eoun- j
try. But, sir, I am one of those who are against !
this appropriation wholly, because 1 consider that i
this Government ought to have nothing to do with I
the distribution of seeds. I consider, and gentle- j
men need not laugh when I say it, that we have j
no constitutional power over the question. The
seedmen of tho country will supply the demands
of thft country, omi furnish all the agriculturists
call for. I object to this appropriation again, be-
cause we know it has been the pattern for many
other similar expenditures. On looking over this
bill you will find appropriations for preserving
the plants collected m our exploring expeditions,
for a botanical garden,and many other matters
of that description pressing upon the public Treas-
ury, and requiring heavy and serious appropri-
ations for their support. I am one of those who
believe that it is right and proper to confine our-
selves, in the administration of this Government,
to the clear and well-defined powers granted in
the Constitution, and I am not disposed to be na-
tional beyond what is clearly within the letter and
spirit of that instrument. I am-Federal in my be-
lief as to the exercise of power upon the part of
this Government. For that reason I am opposed
to the whole of this appropriation, and hope it will
be stricken out.
Mr. CAREY. I wish to make a few remarks
upon the subject of this appropriation. Mr. Chair-
man, 1 have paid some little attention to this sub-
ject since 1 have been a member of the House, and
had examined it to some little extent before I came
here. I am perfectly satisfied that no good can
result from the agricultural department of this
Government as it is now organized. Nothing, sir,
can be done for the agricultural interest of this
country by this Government, unless a department
is specially created and carried on for that purpose.
The agricultural bureau at present is cramped and
confined in a little corner of one of the public build-
ings. It is not surprising that gcntlemeo are dis-
satisfied with the encouragement that the Gov-
ernment gives to agriculture. If we organize a
separate and distinct agricultural bureau, we may
do something that will be valuable to the country.
The whole purpose of the agricultural part of the
Patent Office now seems to be to distribute seeds.
I think that it ought to have other and a more
enlarged sphere of operation.
How, Mr. Chairman, are the seeds obtained
that tho Patent Office distributes? When Con-
gress makes an appropriation for seeds, messen-
gers are sent to Philadelphia, Boston, and Balti-
more, and wherever there are seed stores, and the
very leavings are purchased to be spread over the
country; not the best seed, but seed which has
remained unsold, and which, perhaps,"could not
be sold to anybody. Why is it that no better
system prevails? "Because there is not a compe-
tent head uf the office for the organization of a
better system. I say that unless we will agree to
reorganize and enlarge the Agricultural Depart-
ment of the Government, we might as well have
none at all. 1 have offered a proposition for such
a reorganization of the agricultural bureau, and
time and time again it has been ruled out of oider.
if Congress is determined not to help the agricul-
tural interest of thecountry, then,I say,for God'a
sake withdraw the liule nursing that is pretended
now to bo given to it.
I do insist, Mr. Chairman, that an agricul-
tural bureau may be organized that will yield
profitable results to the country,and at a reduced
cost. You must have some man at the head of
the department who will be responsible for the
discharge of the duties imposed upon him. At
present, it cannot be told who is to be blamed for
thedelinquencyand deficiency that are complained
of. I do not care what becomes of the amend-
ment, for, as I have said, unlesss we organize an
independent agricultural bureau it is useless to
have any at all.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maysard] by reducing the appropriation five
dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I move the amendment for the
purpose of saying that I am opposed to this whole
system of permitting the Governments purchase
seeds and cuttings for the agricultural interests of
the country. I have never seen any advantage
result fiom this during the time that I have been a
member of Congress, or since the system origin-
ated; and 1 am glad to find that there is a glim-
meiing to-day, for the first time, of an advantage
to result from the manner in which it has been
administered. The honorable gentleman from
New York [Mr, Conklintg] intimates to the
House, sir, that this money has heretofore been
expended for the exclusive use of the farmers of
the southern States. I do not know whether that
