1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
find it useful to build up an overland service, with
a view, if possible, by service within our own
jurisdiction, of dispensing with the ocean service
at the end of that short period. I believe, if 1 were
to advise the Department, I would, if possible,
limit the contract to one year, and reserve the op-
tion (^closing it at the end of one year; and if the
overland service should exhibit its ability to carry
the whole mails, then it might be resorted to; but
in the present state of facts known to us, it would
be unwise to remove the discretion from the Post
Office Department, where it is, and to undertake
to legislate contracts, which are to run for four
years, at an immensely increased cost, and to de-
prive the commercial community of the reliable,
valuable, and useful service which has been hith-
erto performed at very economical rates upon the
ocean.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the difficulties
which the Senator from Florida hasanayed be-
fore the Senate in carrying this whole mail matter
across the continent are,! think, more imaginary
than reul. I heard mote fierce denunciations of
carrying any mail across the continent three years
ago, when we established the great overland mail,
than I have heard from the Senator to-day. We
were then told that it was utterly impracticable.
It was denounced as one of the most visionary
and extravagant schemes that ever was devised*.
Now we have our mail regularly carried by that
very route thus denounced and pronounced to be
impracticable. Suppose it does take two stages
a day: if they undertake it let them run two,
three, four, 01* five, if it become necessary.
Mr. YCJLEE. Does the Senator know the'
weight of the mail carried by the Butterfield
route?
Mr. GW1N. It is a letter mail, and carries
what letters there are.
Mr. YULEE. It does not average more than
two hundred pounds—usually from four to five
bd£S.
Mr. GWIN. It matters not how much it may
be. Whenever we have a contractor who agrees
to convey the printed matter, what right has the
Senator to complain if lie does it?
Mr. YULEE*. I do not complain; but I say it
cannot be done. Two hundred pounds is much
less than two thousand.
Mr. GWIN. If the contractor agrees to take
it, whether it be much or little, it is his own ac-
count; and who has a right to complain if he docs :
it? If they will doit for $600,000 tri-weekly, when
you have to pay $400,000 for atri-monthly mad,
it is a great deal better. You will make more
than the $200,000 difference by the frequency of
transportation and the shortness of the time. 1
have no doubt these mails can be carried across
the continent to the Pacific coast; but at the same
time, a discretion might be left in the hands of
the Postmaster General, and nothing but a dis-
cretion, that if it is impossible, as the Senator
says, (but I do not believe it,) to have our printed
matter carried overland, he may provide for it by
ocean service. That is the utmostextcnt to which
I would go.
I believe we enn carry the whole mail across
the continent; and by establishing these daily
mails across, we shall soon reach the postage and
greatly diminish the expense, compared to what
it is now. Why,sir,the Senate has just imposed
a tax upon our letters aeio.ss thecontinent,of ten
cents. We do not obj< ct to that. We are will-
ing to pay it, if you will only give us rapid and
frequent communication. Heretofoie our letters
have gone around 011 the ocean route. Now they can
go aaoss the continent, and we can get the letters
for three and six cents. We do not object to that
increase. We are in favor of it. I had not any
hope of this increased service. 1 ha\e not any
expectation of it, All I have urged, so far as the
mails were concerned, was to give us a weekly
mail on the Salt Lake City route to correspond
with the senn-weckly on the Butterfield route,
making a semi-weekly connection from New Or-
leans with the Butterfield route. I think, by giv-
ing us this, it will cost much less money than the
bill now proposes. Such a proposition has been
made to Congress, and we could obtain it. What
is now proposed originates from those who are i
in favor of the system on a most enlarged scale. '
If it came from the members from California, we :
should be looked upon as extravagant in our de- j
mands. We are anxious to establish this over- I
land mail system at the lowest possible rate. We
want the mails carried in that manner, if practi-
cable,and at the cheapest rate to the Government.
It is, however, expensive to establish these routes;
and therefore it is necessary to give them a longer
time, in order to enable them to establish them.
But I have 110 doubt, if they are established,
that we can convey over those routes all of our
mails.
Mr. LANE. I have but a word to say on this
question. I only desire to call the attention of the
Senate to what I know in relation to this mail
service. When this service was put on it was a
proper one, and it has been proper up to this time,
for it has not been practical heretofore to carry the
mail across the country. * Now it can be so car-
ried. The effect of continuing the mail steam
service from New York is oppressive upon the
people of this country. It is cicating a "monop-
oly. It is placing it in the power of the millionaire,
the man who has the means of owning the steam-
ers and can get that contract, to keep off other
steamers, and to compel the traveling community
to pay higher price of passage, than they would
if competition were open. So long as you favor
one line, or one company, you give them an ad-
vantage over another that enables them to run off
competition, as has been done from time to time,
and enable them to charge the passenger who goes
to California to make his living by labor, or better
his condition by going1 to that country, double
the amount they can afford to take him for. The
Senator's policy is to promote the interests of the
wealthy; to place monopohesin the hands of those
who control capital, at the expense of the people
themselves—the traveling community, the woik-
ing portion. I know the effect of it perfectly well.
I have had an opportunity of looking at that line
very often. I have traveled on it. I know it is
a comfortable route. I know it is as safe a one
as any sea route can be. I know the steamers
are good, well conducted,and well managed; but
1 know the placing of these contracts in their hands
enables them to control the prices of passage of
the entire traveling community—to force them to
prices that may suit their convenience. It has
worked that way heretofore, and it will work that
way as long as you favor that line with heavy
mail contracts.
Now, sir, the proposition contained in this
amendment is perfectly practical, notwithstand-
ing the amount of printed matter that the Senator
builds up at the base of the mountains where he
says the snow will obstruct travel. I am sorry the
Senator has not been in that country. His ideas of
mountains are very small compared with those of
the people out there. They lflok upon mountains
that reach up far above the snow level; and yet
the Senator builds up a mountain of printed mat-
ter that would never be icduced on the face of the
earth, and stops it rijiht where the snow com-
mences falling. Why, Mr. President, the more
snow we have, the better we travel. Snow is
never in our way—not a bit. As fast as it falls,
we beat it down; wc level it; we continue the
travel over it; and the deeper the snow the better
the road. It fills up the gulches, and gives us a
smooth way where otherwise we should have a
very rough one. If we could only have the mail
and printed matter carried in this manner, his
mountain of printed matter would never be seen
on the faco of the earth. It is only in his imagin-
ation; it could not happen; it could not exist.
Then why all this bugaboo about a mountain of
books and printed matter in a country where the
deeper the snow the better for the travel ?
Mr. President, allow me again to enter my pro-
test against heavy appropriations in the hands of I
a company that can control travel and charge just '
such prices as thuy please. It ought to be broken
up; it ought to be abolished. Send your mail
matter across our country, and leave capital to
puton as many steamers as the travel will justify.
Let us have competition; let us have passage
cheap; allow the people the opportunity of going
at the lowest price to the Pacific coast, where
they can find gold and enumeration for labor, and
not make labor tributary to capital m the manner
in which Senators now propose to do. It is a wrong
upon the people. It ought not to be put there, and
j hope will not be.
Mr. GREEN. Question, question.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; I will have the ques-
tion taken after a few observations meant rather
more for the country than for the gentleman who
called for the question.
The honorable Senator who last addressed the
Senate objected to the steamers upon the ground
that it made the people pay too high for passage
money. I supposed it was entirely another busi-
ness we were engaged in. I supposed that we
were not controlling the rates by which a steam
company from New York shall regulate its pas-
sage from there to Aspinwall, and from there to,
Sun Francisco. I did not think that was our busi-
ness; and I know if the Senate of the United
States undertake it, they will make a botch of it.
They are not fit to run a canoe; everybody knows
that. Nobody would trust them as engineers.
There is not a man in the Senate who would -be
trusted, if he offered to do it for nothing, to run
an engine. Asto this business of transportingp.as-
'senders, I propose to leave it to those who take
an interest in such matters. Our business is the
mail service. We have a law, passed in 1845, that
the mails should be carried from one point to an-
other, from the most convenient point of the
United States, for the lowest money, independent
of the mode. After it had been disregarded, de-
spised, and trodden under foot for fourteen years,
we have a Postmaster General who has adopted
it; who has determined to stand by the law, and
is carrying it out. Now, I understand these peo-
ple, who have got steam boats, propose to do it at
a very moderate sum; cheaper than anybody else.
That is the only question I ask about—who will
carry the mails cheapest from the Atlantic to the
Pacific?
I say the great object is to carry them from the
Atlantic to the Pacific; and because there may be
a person in North Carolina who wishes to cor-
respond with California, are we to run a stage by
his house in order to collect the letter? I believe
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Polk] said the
people of the western part of Arkansas ought to
have communication with the Pacific, If they
should, I suppose the people of the western part
of Georgia ought to have it, and the people of the
western part of Florida; and I suppose we should
have a Butterfield route running through there cost-
ing half a million. Sir, the letters are to be col-
lected at the most convenient point on this side and
carried to the most convenient point on the other;
and as for carrying the mail for the benefit of the
western part of Georgia, or the western part of
A rkansas, or the western part of Missouri, no
wise statesmanship would ever approve of it, and
nobody, in the management of his own money,
would ever adopt it. He might do it in the
management of the public money; but it would
not commend itself to any prudent man managing
lus own business. The great object, I say, is to
carry the mail from the most convenient point on
this side to the most convenient point 011 the
other; and the two great distributing points are
New York on this side and San Francisco on the?
other side. If a Georgian had a direct route out
to San Francisco, he might g':t his letter three
days sooner; but that is not the sole question to
be considered. The Government already fur-
nishes him a mail to New York, and it takes two
or three days to go there; and if that is the most
convenient to the great body of the*people of the
United States, that is the place at which they
ought to be collected, and from there they should
be sent on their general journey. Some of the
routes proposed in this amendment have no peo-
ple on them, or comparatively none. I think one
report from the Postmaster General in regard to
one of them out in Missouri, from Kansas to
Albuquerque, stated that there were six letters
and twenty-fi\e newspapers in a quarter.
Mi. POLK. Is that in this amendment?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; but I am illustrating
the principle. I am illustrating the abuses that
have got in, and which somebody has contrived
to put on the mail service at a cost of $80,000 a
year. I know nothing about it. I know it is so
stated; and that wc have a man who has laid his
hands on it and broken it down. I do not know
who established it. It is a fact that §80,000 were
taken from the revenues of the Post OfEcc De-
partment, from the Treasury of the United States,
for that purpose.
Then, I say that the question of running it
through Text.s, or Arkansas, or Missouri, or
Iowa, or Minnesota, is not the question for us to
consider. Gentlemen may be so much wrapped
