1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is correct or not; but I must say, Mr. Chairman,
that if that be so, and the effect be to induce north-
ern men to reject the appropriation, 1 shall rejoice
for that reason, if for none other.
. If the money appropriated has been expended
for seeds that are only suitable to the southern
climate, I, for one, as the Representative of a south-
ern constituency, can tell the gentleman from New
York that the South has, so far as I know, de
rived no benefit from the appropriation, and does-
not thank the Government for it. The southern
people are not in the habit of looking to this Gov-
ernment to furnish them with seeds, nor are they
in the habit of desiring to foist themselves- upon
the Government as beneficiaries- in any respect.
They are able to raise their own seed. They arc
accustomed to do so. They do not ask such sti-
pends from the Government. I undertake to say
that this appropriation for seeds has never been
made by southern votes or with the aid of any
considerable number of votes from southern Rep-
resentatives. Our people are independent as farm-
ers and in all other respects. They may be poor,
sir, but they are independent; and if they are poor,
they will always remain poor before they will
get rich by thrusting their hands into the pockets
of their neighbors or fellow-citizens for bounties.
We do not come here to ask the Government to
make us rich out of the public Treasury. We do
not ask for any other protection than such as the
Constitution of the United States gives us. Wc
never ask and we never sustain by our votes a
proposition to give us aid or make us rich at the
expense of our fellow-citizens, by giving us boun-
ties or appropriations out of the public Treasury.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 want to oppose
the gentleman's amendment just long enough to
say jjpjs: the experience of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Branch,] and my expe-
rience are very different. I can take him to my dis-
trict and show him where old ladies take silver cups
as premiums at agricultural fairs for productions
from seeds sent to them from the Patent Office.
I apprehend that the gentleman has not got any
land in his State where seeds will grow. [Laugh-
ter.] If I lived in as poor a country as that of
my friend, I would not care to have any seeds.
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. BRANCH. Has the gentleman ever seen
the country where I live ?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Yes, sir; I have
iust been through it. [Laughter.] The only seeds
I saw growing there were tar, pitch, and turpen-
tine. [Great laughter.] The people there cer-
tainly do not want these tea plants, for they drink
sassafras. [Renewed laughter.] I have a con-
stituency who live upon soil that will sprout any-
thing that the Patent Office will send. We want
these seeds. I will vote for the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee. If my people were
here they would vote to double the appropriation.
Mr. BRANCH. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I move to amend by mak-
ing the appropriation §59,000; and I do so for
the purpose of saying that my experience, like
that of my friend from Missouri, differs from that
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Branch.] I know that many of these Patent
Office seed, which have been distributed, have
resulted in great good to the agriculture of the
country. Although not altogether a farmer my-
self, I have had some connection with agriculture
and horticulture; and though we have occasion-
ally received useless seeds, yet, in a majority of
instances, we have had seeds the cultivation of
which has diffused much good through the coun-
try. I know that on one occasion a lot of dam-
aged wheat was exhibited and distributed. I wrote
a letter to the Commissioner of Patents—Mr.
Mason, I believe—and in reply, he explained to me
how that lot of damaged wheat had been palmed
off upon the office, remarking also, that they
would take steps to avoid such errors in future.
I believe that is the only case in which we have
had occasion to complain through a number of
years. I know that we have had seeds brought
from both shoresoftheMediterranean, which have
been of great service to the country. I know we
can appropriate millions of dollars for the Army,
the Navy, and for other departmentsof the Gov-
ernment, without grumbling; but when we come
to appropriate forty or fifty thousand dollars for
the agricultural arm of the country—the great arm
of the country—we hear all this noise and dis-
turbance.
I do trust that the House will adopt this amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, and in-
crease the appropriation to $60,000. Two years
ago the appropriation was #70,000; and why
should it be diminished? Unfortunately, last
year a mistake was made in the application of
nearly the whole of the appropriation to the pur-
chase of tea plants, which can be sent to one part
of the country only. But- I have been assured
at the Patent Office department that they will
hereafter exercise greater care, and purchase those
things only which grow throughout the whole
country. There ought to be a reorganization of
this department, and I hope that the resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Caret] will be
adopted, and that an agricultural bureau will be
established, which will be properly attended to.
I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CURRY. I object.
_ Mr. MAYNARD. We have been here along
time, and I move the committee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. It is quite apparent from the
remarks of the honorable gentleman from Missouri
that he has not seen the country which I have the
honor to represent here. It is quite apparent that
he is under a mistake as to what country I do
represent. It is equally apparent that the gentle-
man has not formed either his political opinions or
the manner in which he views those questions by
the standard by which those who live in the coun-
try? I represent form theirs. The gentleman rop-
resentsaconstituency living very near to that line
which separates the North from the South; but
the gentleman himself is not a native of that
South in behalf of which I spoke. The'people
may be poor; but, as I said when I was up before,
if they are poor, they will remain poor always
before they will be made rich by bounties from
this Government. Now, sir, I represent one of
the old thirteen States of this Union. And during
all the time that I have been here, I have never
had any claim or any ease before Congress that
interested my constituents particularly. I believe
there is no gentleman upon this floor who is more
commonly heard in behalf of claims arising for ex-
tra services by mail contractors, or for land jobs,
and other similar matters before Congress, than
the honorable gentleman from Missouri; In that,
sir, I repeat, the gentlemar^ shows that he was
neither born in the country in which I was born,
nor represents a constituency such as 1 represent.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If I intimated that
the gentleman's constituents were poor, I did not
intend to do so; nor would I do so. I was malting
a playful remark to show the difference between
the demand of his constituents and mine. I am
afraid the gentleman is considering it seriously,
while it was not so intended. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRANCH. I was sure that no gentleman
could make such a remark in seriousness; and I
was satisfied that he was not serious, or he would
not have made it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. As I think wc should come
to a vote upon this proposition, I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
[Cries of "No!" "No !"] Well, if gentlemen
will come to a vote, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by adding
the following proviso:
Provided however, Tiiat iu the expenditure of tins appro-
priation, and especially in the selection of cuttings and seeds
lor distribution, due regard shall be had for pui poses of gen-
eral cultivation, and tlie encouragement of the agriculture
and rural interests of all portions of the country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I accept that amendment.
Mr. STOKES. I wish to make a remark; and,
in order to do so, I move to reduce the amount to
five dollars.
Mr. CRAWFORD. And now the gentleman's
speech must be in support of this amendment.
Mr. STOKES. I do not know that the gentle-
man from Georgia, or any other man in this
House, has the right to dictate what course I shall
pursue.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from Geor-
gia does not desire to do it. The gentleman from
Georgia, though, desired to say what the rule of
the House is.
Mr. STOKES. Gentlemen make amendments
here constantly, and yet say not one word in ref-
erence to the amendment; offered. That I have
seen repeatedly done. They move amendments,
and then branch off into discussion upoit some-
thing else. Ipropose to speak to the Subject biforc
us, and I trust My amendment will' be adopted;
and that the amendment of my colleague, increas-
ing the ariWunt from $40,000 to #60,000 will not be
adopted. My colleague says that the people ia his
district desire an appropriation for seeds, and that
there is a great demand for them. My district lie*
adjoining to that ofmy colleague, and-while I do not
desire to controvert what he has said, I must say
that the people of the district I represent want no
appropriation of money for such a: purpose as
that. They regard the distribution of seeds by
the Patent Office as a' nuisance. The gentleman
who represented that district upon this floor pre-
vious to myself flooded it with seeds from the
Patent Office. Among the seeds which he distrib-
uted, was what purported to be tobacco seed, and
I may safely say that, upon one creek the farm-
ers lost §30,000 in consequence'of the failure of
those seeds to come up. And' further than that,
seeds were sent out of that office purporting to be
tobacco seed, which turned out to be red eabbage.
Other seeds turned out to be nothing more than
mullen seed.
I hope and trust that the- amendment of my
colleague will not be adopted, and that the appro-
priation' will be reduced to five, dollars, or struck
out altogether. It is anuisatneeratherthan a ben-
efit to the country. It-may,, perhaps, be of benefit
to some districts represented by gentlemen'here;
but I can say, for my own constituents, that they
do not demand or desire it. They regard it as a
waste of the public money, to take $60,000 out of
the Treasury for the purpose of procuring these
seeds. I agree with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Carey,] that until an agricultural bureau is
established, aJl these appropriations for seeds will
amount to nothing. When this proposition is
disposed of, I shall move to strike out the whole
section.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] had better move that the
committee rise and see whether we cannot arrest
this debate. It is now late in the evening. [Cries
of " Let us have a vote."] Gentlemen wilL let
me say a word. 1 think that the fact that there
i*s a controversy now between gentlemen of the
one section of the country and of the other, shows
that this appropriation ought not to be in the bill
at all; and while I do not agree with, the reason
given by the gentleman from New York, I concur
in his results, and shall vote to strike out theclause.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the gentleman from
Alabama to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am strictly in order, and
I hope the gentleman will not try to keeri my
very good remarks out of the Globe. [Laughter."]
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is not opposing my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is mistaken. I am opposing his amend-
ment. The gentleman will allow me to judge
what I am doing. I oppose the amendment
offered by the gentleman because I want to have
the whole clause strickcn out. Is the gentleman
satisfied now ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to say a word.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question! "J This is a
very important provision, and we ought not to
be cut off from discussing it. [Cries of " Ques-
tion !" " Question!"]
Mr. Sherman's motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Colfax having
taken the Chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Etheridge reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly House bill No. 501, making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of tlie Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861; and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I movethat the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us get through with
this bill. I move that all debate on the pending
clause to the bill H. R. No. 501 shall terminate as
soon as its consideration shall have been resumed
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
