1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
must still keep up the minister there, with as little
hope and prospect of ever getting the §300,000 as
at first? There is no money paid. The nation is
unable to pay any. The presence of the minis-
ter there does not help to pay it. The nation does
not repudiate its obligations; but it has not got the
money to pay them. That was its condition, as
I ascertained it at the time I was there. I shall
say nothing further on this subject. I think the
debate has cone far enough.
- Mr.GREEN. TheScnatoriswhollymistaken,
as he was before. There are claims unadjusted,
Controverted, When the dissolution of the Co-
lombian Government took place, it was in 1830—
thirty years ago. Since that time we hare recov-
ered a portion of the claims, and ourministers arc
annually and periodically adjusting a portion of
our claims for indemnity. The Senator is mis-
taken when he says it would be better for the Uni-
ted States to assume the debtand pay it; but even
if he is not mistaken, will he vote the payment of
the debt? I know he will not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, I will not. I think all
the money you have got would not pay the salary
of the mnnstcr. That is what I mean. In that
sense, I mean it would be cheaper to pay the debt
than to pay the minister.
Mr. GREEN. If tho Senator will look at the
records, he will find the contrary. A larger por-
tion-has been recovered than the cost of the mis-
sion, and besides, it has been the means of opening
up, or aiding in opening up, a commerce which
is of immense importance. 1 made the remark
with regard to Ecuador, because the Senator tried
to diminish the importance of that place. 1 do
not know who fills the mission. It was not for
the purpose of showing the necessity of amission
there, but to answer his objection against the mis-
sion there.
But again: the Senator from Kentucky says
that a certain old particular friend of his went to
some Government—lie has forgotten what—could
not find the Government, presented his creden-
tials to the .Secretary of War, and was insulted,
and called hint out to mortal combat. Well, any
man sent abroad who will present his credentials
to the Secretary of War, instead of the Minister
of Foreign Relations ought to bo insulted, and is
so utterly incompetent that if wo could get no bet-
ter man, that mission ought to be discontinued.
Mr. CRITTENDEN/ Be was not recalled;
ho returned voluntarily.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope we shall have a vote
on this question. The amendment does not in-
volve much,certainly not this gieal constitutional
question. It is a mere question of propriety
whether We Khali authorize this mission or not,
and I hope the Senate will determine it in some
way or other at oner.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—-ayes thirteen; noes not counted.
Mr. DAVIS. I have an amendment to come
in after line ninety-siK, containing tho Appropria-
tion for the northwestern boundary commission:
Provided, Th.it when the !>oundar> lino is determined
twoen the i/acific ocean and tho liockj Mountains any un-
expended balance oi'Um npptopriailon shall lie applicable
to the determination of that portion ot'theboundaiv which
Hea nasi of the Rocky Mountains, and which ha-* not, a*
yet, been tiaeed on the taco ot the earth ; and that the Uni-
ted State's comims'sKmei t>n, and ho is hereby, authon/.od,
in connection with the commissioner of Gieat llntain, to
determine and trace said boundary line eastward of the
Kooky Mountain*, n-4 fur as tho Lake of the Woods.
A very brief explanation will suffice. In 1856,
when the first appropriation was made to trace
the boundary line between llie Territory of Wash-
ington and the BiUish possessions', it seem-: to
have been supposed that, by the tiealy of I84G,
we had determined the whole northern bound-
ary line, atl-*ast so far as the forty-ninth parallel
constitutes it; for, in that first appropriation, the
amount appropriated was limited to the portion
of the line which was between the Pacific ocean
and the Rocky Mountains. This indicates very
ch-arly, to my mind, that it was supposed by
Congress that the treaty of 1846 detrrmimd
the boundary from the Lake of the Woods to the
Pacific ocean. There were many reasons why
they should require the line to bo commenced on
£he Pacific ocean, which it is not necessary now
•to consider. Hut we find ourselves in the condi-
i'on o-f a treaty which is about to be executed un-
der this appropriation, so fat as the land portion
of the boundary line is concerned; and then, in-
stead of the same treaty (as seems to have been
the supposition of Congress when the act of 185G,
making the appropriation, was passed,) extending
to the boundary on the east side of the Rocky
Mountains, that portion of our boundary was
provided for by the convention of 18i8, but has
not been traced upon the face of the earth. Our
settlements, in tho mean time, have extended
along some portion of that line, in the valley of
the Red River of the North, and it has become im-
portant that we should know what is the exact
dividing lino between the British possessions and
the United States.
Unless the amendment which 1 have offered bo
adopted, when the commissioner has reached the
Rocky Mountains it will devolve upon him to re-
turn to the Pacific ocean, and bring home all his
assistants, and make out his report of so much of
the boundary as lies between the Pacific ocean
and the Rocky Mountains; and 1 believe the ex-
pense of returning from the Pacific coast thus to
find his way to the Atlantic coast, will be equal
to a sum which would serve to extend the lino
considerably on the east side of tho Rocky Mount-
ains and towards the Mississippi river. By cross-
ing over the Rocky Mountains in the fall of the
year, when his labors will terminate, and going
to Fort Benton, he will be in a position there to
receive his supplies in the spring, and much more
economically can extend the line to the Lake of
the Woods than can ever be done if this organi-
zation be broken up and the work afterwards re-
newed.
These are the principal considerations in offer-
ing the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, as it now
stands, we have appropriated what is estimated
to complete the survey, which, according to the
statement of the Department, was required by the
treaty; that is, the line west of the Rocky Mount-
ains, making in all about three hundred and fifty
miles. I do not know—the Senator from Missis-
sippi is a better judge of that subject than 1 am—
whether any surplus will remain out of this ap-
piopriation; but my objection to the amendment
is, that it will initiate another survey; it will com-
mence a survey of all that portion of our north-
ern boundary between the Lake of the Woods
and the Rocky Mountains. This may be very
proper to be; done, but it ought to be begun now
as a separate and independent enterprise. We
ought, at least, to know w hether the British Gov-
ernment will join us, so that the survey, when
made, shall bind both Governments. In the ab-
sent e of all that information, it seems to me an
nppioptiation bill just here is not the place to
commence such an enterprise or such a survey as
that. If the Senator will bring it up as a separate
lull, or if he will give us all the information neccs-
sary, perhaps by the time some other appropria-
tion bill may come up to which it may be ger-
mane, I may vote with him; but in the present,
state of my information upon the subject, I should
be unwilling to take the responsibility, so far as
a vote would attach any responsibility to me, of
initiating an additional survey, as it seems to me
this would be; tltat is, a survey between the Rocky
Mountains and the Lake of the Woods.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has stated, only m
other words, a very good argument for the propo-
sition which I make. The estimate, as he must
be aware, covers the expense of taking the party
from the Rocky Mountains hack to the Pacdio-
oceun, and bringing them from there to this por-
tion of the United States. That sum of money,
if expended in extending the line agreed upon by
the convention of 3818, would carry the party far
to the eastward of the Rocky Mountains. So far
from there being anything valid in his objection
that this is beginning a work, and that I* ousjht
to hung it up and inaugurate it by a new act, he
must be aware that there has been a party in that
remote region with their instruments, and if we
scatter them, and afterwards reorganize a party re-
quiring new instruments and new assistants, send-
ing them into the field will involve a very heavy
expenditure as well as delay in the work. That
portion of the water boundary which constituted
the agreement or treaty of 184t> certainly involved
us m liability to controversy with Great Britain,
and it was needful to have it speedily executed;
but except that, there is no portion of the line be-
tween the Pacific ocean and the Rocky Mountains
which was nearly so important as that between
the Mississippi river and the western extremity
of the valley of the Red River of the North.
The importance of tracing and marking upon
the face of the earth a geographical line depends
very much upon the liability to contact, the value
of the land, and the hazard of controversy between
the people residing on the two sides of it. We
have been surveying a line on the west side of the
Rocky Mountains, now hastening to completion,
along which there is no probability of contact. It is
a remote period, indeed, if we ever shall have popu-
lation there. The same is truaimmediately on the
cast side of the Rocky Mountains; but as you ap-
proach the Mississippi river, the fact changes,and
thefc it is important that the line should be traced.
I see no advantage, therefore, in delay. I see in-
creased expenditure in consequence of delay. As
to the British Government being associated with
us, that was so plainly a requisite,that it is stated
in the amendment. We have fallen into vast con-
fusion, in the legislation,at least, in regard to the
survey of that boundary. It was originally sup-
posed that the commissioner appointed by Great
Britain was to run the whole line; but it was after-
wardsascertaincd that the commissioner appointed
by Great Britain had no authority, except to de-
fine the water boundary. Then another commis-
sioner was appointed to survey the land bound-
ary; and my impression is, though I am not able
to state it at all positively, that the commissioner
appointed by Great Britain for the survey of the
land boundary has authority which would suf-
fice until he reaches the Lake of the Woods,
or, indeed, unless we consider the residue of the
boundary settled, until he readies Lake Supe-
rior.
Mr. HUNTER. What will remain of this es-
timate, I do not know, nor does the Senator from
Mississippi. The Department estimates that this
sum may be required to finish the survey to the
Rocky Mountains—three hundred and fifty miles.
Of course the party will have to come home; and
it will cost no more to come home in one direc-
tion than the other, I presume; probably less to
come home by the Pacific ocean than to cross the
country on the eastern side of the Rocky Mount-
ains. Wc know that anything which might re-
main of this appropriation would be a mere drop
in the bucket towards executing the survey east of
the Rocky Mountains to the Lake of the Woods.
When we have once commenced, we shall go on;
we shall have an estimate from year to year until
the work is accomplished. It seems to me such an
enterpiise as tlrs we ought not to enter on in this
hasty manner. W e eaght to wait until we have
an estimate. There is no proposition from any
of the Departments; then is no statement of what
it is to cost. I.do not know that there is any stip-
ulation by which we should have a joint commis-
sion to run the boundary. Under these circum-
stances, I think I am right in asking a delay in
commencing such an expenditure. What is the
reason of using the little balance that may exist,
for running a little part of this survey, unless we
intend to cary it on, and if wc intend to carry it
on, why commit the Government to the under-
taking until we know something more about it? I
think it would be better to wait and mature this
scheme, and bring it forward hereafter, either in
an independent bill or otherwise.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 26, nays 9; as follows:
YFAS—Mc.^is. Benjamin, Bigler, Clruk, Clay, Colia-
nier, Uavi?, Fitch, Fitzpafnck, Foot, Grinn;^, Gwin, Ham-
lin, llatlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Aikansas, Johnson of
Tcimes-ec, Lane,Latham, Malioiy, Nicholson, Polk, llice,
FanNburv, Sebastian, bnnmer, and Wigtall—26.
NAYS—Mows. Chandler, Fcvsenden, Hammond, Hun-
ter, Iveison, Mason, Powell, Simmon-, and Ten JByek—U.
So the amendment was agreed to.*
The amendments wer^ ordered to be engrosiSbd,
and the hill to be read a third time, it was read
the third time and passed; and the title of the hill
was amended by adding the words " and for other
purposes."
PAY OF THE NAYY.
Mr. MALLORY. If there be no further busi-
ness before the Senate, I move to take up the bill
in regard to the pay of the Navy, not for tho pur-
pose of considering it to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill now
before the Senate in regular order is the home-
stead bill.
