3238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
up in their own local interests as to desire it to go
through there, whether they need it or not; but it
should be collected at the most important point,
and carried to the other side; and New York is
certainly that point. It is our commercial center,
our financial center. We have got the greatest
mail facilities from all parts of the United States
to that particular point. San Francisco is the
point on the other side for the greater portion of
that country. I believe we can carry them—I
think the chairman of the Post Office Commit-
tee says it can be done—for three or four hundred
thousand dollai's. 1 have seen a proposition made
to the Department by which you can carry them
for the postage and for twenty-five cents a pound
on the free and printed matter, which is exactly
the price of express freight from this side to the
Other. Why not take it? That is the proposi-
tion now at the Post Office Department. Accord-
ing to that, it will not cost one dollar beyond the
postage made by law, and the same price for free
matter. When you charge postage they will take
it; but when you choose to fill up the mails with
franked matter, they offer to take it at exactly
the same price at which they would take a chest
of beef or a hogshead of potatoes. 1 think that
is a fair rate. Wn are to take the rules of com-
merce when we have got a thing to carry. That
we should pay what everybody else is pitying is
very fair; and certainly I would not object to the
terms—that is, the price paid for fast expressed
freight.
Such a proposition as that can bo carried out.
Instead of that, we hear of a noithein, a south-
ern, and a middle route. In the name of con-
science, how can you carry on this Government
on that principle? I say the South does not want
it. I say the North does not wantit. Particular
people may want it. I say the middle docs not
want it; particular people may want it on the
frontiers. It is appealing to sectional ideas to
spend #2,000,000 of public money, which I have
already shown, under these contracts, there is not
a particle of necessity fur.
But the main point on which I rose to address
the Senate was m regard to this Buttcrfield route.
1 have heard this discussion all over the Senate.
Nobody seems to advocate it. The Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Polk] talked to us of the sanctity
of contracts; he was eloquent upon that—the sane
tity of contracts ! Like the Jew, they want their
pound of flesh; they were screwing every inch,
and saying, you must give, for here is the bond;
and then he told us of the king spoken of in Scrip-
ture, who wanted to take anothei's land: we have
made a good trade out of you by the folly of Sen-
ates and Houses, or may be something worse than
folly, f« r sometimes it is obtained in both ways;
we have got you; we have got a contract; we can
compel you; and we will not give it up short of
a million, any how. When somebody proposed
to give them §600,000, it was objected to, and now
they ask more for this contract; and the Senator
from Missouri, I suppose, is willing to give it to
them. I say, if that is the ellect, we ought to stop
them, if, when they get these contracts, they can
come here and say, " I have got vou; I have got
vou for four years, or six years; stand by your
bargain"—1 lay, if that is the effect of these con-
tracts, you ought to beware of them; every man
m this Senate ought to beware of them; every man
careful of the public inteiosts should beware of
them; guard them in their terms, if you make them
at all; abandon them when the public interests
demand it, just as you do every other contract in
the United States.
One million nine hundred and fifty thousand
doliars, the sum proposed by this proposition, is
one half of the greatest sum ever paid for the en-
tire mails of the United States for the first sixty
years of the Republic. I ask my honorable friend
from Vermont, did they ever exceed $4,000,000
for transportation for the first sixty yeats?
Mr. COLLAMER. No.
Mv. TOOMBS. Then you propose to give to
cany this mail one half the greatest sum that was
paid for the whole nation of fifteen million peo-
ple for the first fifty years of its existence. To
carry the mail to whom? To eight hundred thou-
sand" people, to whom you can have it earned for
nothing. That is the proposition before the Sen-
ate. For the first fifty years, the transportation
of the mails of the United States, m the highest
year, never exceeded that sum, and the greater
part of the time it was not the half of that sum.
The highest sum in fifty years that it ever got to
was $4,000,000; and you now propose to give one
half of that—$1,950,000—to give a mail to eight
hundred thousand people in California, when you'
can get the mails, as heretofore for the last ten
years, at twice a month, or three mails a month,
for nothing—that is, for what they run for the
postages; and that is upon the sound principle of
the postal system, that it shall maintain itself. I
say, this is a proposition to squander money upon
contractois upon the western frontier and the Pa-
cific coast.
Mr. POLK. I had not intended to say one
word on this subject. IJntended to have cast my
vote at the proper time; but I wish now to say
to the Senator from Georgia that I have not one
word to take back of what I said about the sanc-
tity of contracts. All that I said then I stand to
now, and I mean to stand to it. At the same
time, sir, I said then, and I repeat now, that I had
nothing to do with making the contract. It was
made before I was in Congress. 1 do not under-
take to defend it, except so far as to say that I
supposed, at the time it was made, Congress, in
making it, acted with honesty and judiciousness
upon the amount of information that they had
before them. Nor did I say that " we have got
you." I did not use any such language as that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not intend it in that way.
It was that the contractors had us, and we were
to stand by it. The language was my own.
Mr. POLK. 44 We" was the word the Senator
used.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say, that was my illustra-
tion. I did not intend to say that you said so,
but that the contractors said so. That is all I
meant by it.
Mr. POLK. The only reason I have for re-
plying to the Senator at all is, that he used such
language as put me in the attitude of assuming a
position with these gentlemen, and saying that
we—I with them—held Congress up to a contract
which was a bad contract. I do not wish to be
put in that attitude. What I say here I will try
to say carefully, and try to say what I believe to
be correct,and whatl will standby. Everything
that 1 said in regard to the sanctity of that con-
tract, when I addressed the Senate a few days ago
on that subject, I stand by now. T stand by the
sanctity of all contracts; and if Congress shall
make a contract to day, or at any future time, I
say we are obliged to stand by it. |
Now, Mr. President, this proposition that is j
before us was presented without my knowing it j
was going to come up in this shape. I did not '
know it would come up m this shape. What vote
I shall cast upon it, as it will be ultimately before
the. Senate, I will not now say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Will the Senator suspend his re-
marks in order to receive a message from the
President of the United States?
Mr. POLK. Certainly.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts and resolutions:
An act (S. No. 9) to amend " An act for ex-
tending the laws and judicial system of the Uni-
ted States to the State of Oregon;"
An act (S. No. 104) for the final adjustment
of private4 land claims in the States of Florida,
Louisiana, and Mississippi, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (S. No. 190) in relation to mission claims
at Sault Ste. Maiie, Michigan;
An act (S. No. 291) for the relief of Mary Pres-
ton, widow of George Preston;
An act (S. No. 347) to declare the meaning of
the act entitled "An actmaking further provisions
for the satisfaction of Virginia land warrants,"
passed August 31, 1852;
An act (S. No. 431) to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Edward Ely, deceased, late
consul of the United States at Bombay, on prin-
ciples of justice and equity;
An act (S. No. 444) to change the time of hold-
ing courts in the northern district of Florida;
# An act (S. No. 448) to carry into effect provi-
sions of the treaties between the United States,
China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries,
giving certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls,orother functionaries of the United States
in those countries;
An act (S. No. 452) for the relief of Sylvester
Gray;
An act (S. No. 488) in relation to malicious
injuries to, and trespasses upon, public anfl pri-
vate property within the District of Columbia;
'An act (S. No. 494) amendatory of an act ap-
proved June 14,1858, for the relief of Sherlock &
Shirley;
An act (S. No. 495) for the relief of David
Waldo;
An act (S. No. 497) to amend an act entitled
"An act for giving effect to certain treaty stipu-
lations between this and foreign Governments,
for the apprehension and delivering up of certain
offenders;"
An act (S. No. 500) for the relief of Lieutenant
William A. Winder, of the United States Army,
An act (S. No. 507) for the relief of the Cali-
fornia Stage Company;
An act (S. No. 508) for the relief of William
Nelson;
An act (S. No. 509) to grant to the city of Port
Huron, Michigan, a part of the military reserva-
tion of Fort Gratiot, for the enlargement of the
city cemetery at that place;
A joint resolution (S. No. 36) for the restora-
tion of Lieutenant Augustus S. Baldwin to the
active list, from the leave-of-absence list of the
Navy; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 41) for the relief of
Arthur Edwards and his associates.
Also, that the President had approved and
signed, on the 21st instant, the following acts:
An act (S. No. 100) for the relief of Samuel
H. Taylor;
An act (S. No. 206) for the relief of Emilie G.
Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones, deceased,
and Nancy M. Johnson, administratrix of Wal-
ter R. Johnson, deceased; and
An act (S. No. 307) to repeal* the second sec-
tion and other portions of an act passed the 2d
day of June, 1858, entitled "An act to provide for
the location of certain confirmed private land
claims in the State of Missouri, and for other
purposes."
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 101) granting an invalid pension to
John Purccll;
A bill (No. 806) for the relief of William Sut-
ton;
A bill (No. 806) to confirm certain entries of
land in the State of Missouri; and
A bill (No. 848) authorizing the issue of a
register for the brig Charles H. Jordan.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 199) to authorize the location of
certain warrants for bounty lands heretofore is-
sued; and
A bill (No. 295) for the relief of William B.
Shubnck.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. G70) granting an increase
of pension to William G. Bernard, late a .soldier
in the United States Army, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
BRIG CHARLES II. JORDAN.
The bill (H. R. No. 848) authorizing the issue
of a register for the brig Charles H. Jordan was
read the first time, and ordered to a sccond read-
ing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask that that bill may be put
upon its passage now. It isapeculiarcase. The
present law provides that where a vessel is pur-
chased from a foreign Government, or a citizen of
a foreign Government, certain thmgsshall bedone.
This vessel was a derelict, picked up at sea, and
does not come within the general provisions of
the law. It comes exclusively within the equities
of the law; but it is excluded from its simple
terms. I ask that it be put upon its passage.
Mr. YULEE. I hope that nothing will be al-
lowed to interfere with the business which was
suspended by receiving the message.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator to allow
