2294:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I must object to cut- ]
ting oft" debate. This is a very important provis-
ion, and ought to be discussed and considered.
Mr.Montgomery's motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
On motion, the rules were then suspended, and
the House resolved itself into the Committee of
the Wholeon the state of the Union, (Mr. Ethf.r.-
*dge in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill H. R. No. 501, making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861,
the question being on Mr. Maynard's amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That the seeds and cuttings procured under
this section shall be given only to agrieuituial societies m
the several States of the Union.
Mr. McKNIGHT. There is one objection to
that 
[Cries of " No debate!"]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend by striking
out the entire paragraph, as amended, as follows:
" For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations
for promoting agriculture and lural economy, and tiie pio-
eurement ot'euttings and seeds, §00,000."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. Q.UAKLES. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the following clause:
" For preservation of tlie collections of the exploring and
suiveying expeditions of (he Government, $-1,000.*'
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking out \
41 five," and inserting " one;" so that the clause 1
will read:
For United States Capitol extension, $100,000.
Mr. PETTIT. I offer the following amend-
ment to perfect the clause:
Add as a proviso:
Provided, That no part of the sum shall be appiopriated
for paintings or statuary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I offer the
following amendment as a proviso to the clause:
Provided further, That the superintendent of tlir  Papttol
extension shall purchase the monolithic columns foi the
exterior of the building from the contractors tor furnish-
ing the marble, upon tin- trrms of th<iir supplemental eon-
of March 30, 18.) I, the marble for said columns to be ap-
proved by the said superintendent.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. Is that
amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is clearly in order to
perfect the section.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is in order to perfect the
section; but the amendment itself is mixing up
our legislation with contracts.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is in order.
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. LEACIX, of North Carolina. I move
to strike out " $500,000," and insert instead
" $200,000."
Mr. GARTRELL. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out " $200,000," and in-
serting " $75,600."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART? of Pennsylvania. T now
renew my amendment, as an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, I desire to say a few words in explanation
of it. I understood the Chair to decide, when I
offered it before, that debate was cut off; but the
motion to close debate applied only to the para-
graph in relation to seeds, and not to this one.
Mr. Stewart's amendment was again read.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I will not
detain the committee long. The amendment
which I offer conforms to a bill which has passed
the Senate, on the same subject. By a joint res-
olution, passed in April, 1854, the Secretary of
War was directed to purchase monolithic col-
umns for the exterior of the Capitol extension,
from the parties with whom the contract existed
to purchase all the marble. That resolution is
now in force; it has never been repealed; yet the
contractors have been informed that the Secretary
of War designs to purchase the columns from
other parties. The subject has been before a com-
mittee of this House, who have given it full con-
sideration. They have investigated all the facts
and circumstances connected with this contract,
and havecome to the conclusion thatthe contract-
ors have not been in fault; that they have supplied
all the marble embraced in the contract; and that
they are, perhaps, the only persons within the
limits of the United States who are now prepared
to comply with their contract in this particular.
The Senate committee has reported a bill ex-
pressly requiring the Secretary of War to comply
with the contract made in pursuance of the joint
rerolution of 1854.
Now, what T desirp is, that it shall be inserted
as a proviso to this appropriation, so as to require
the Secretary of War to carry into execution the
joint resolution of Congress, which is the law of
the land, and not allow him a discretionary power
to inflict a great injury upon contractors who have
never been in default.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It mustbe apparent to
everybody who wants to legislate understand-
ing^ and properly, that it is impossible for us to
go through the bill this evening.
Several Members. Oh, yes, we can.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We cannot do it.
Mr. BINGHAM. There are only forty lines
more.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There may be only
forty lines of the bill, but there are forty amend-
ments to be offered and voted on.
| Now, here is an amendment requiring that
i these columns shall be puichased of particular
i men, in pursuance, the gentleman says, of an ex-
isting law. 1 want to know why he wants to pile
one statute on another? If there is an existing
law requiring the Secretary of War to do this,
why does the gentleman want another law? Has
the Secretary refused to obey the law?
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. If the
Secretary has failed to carry into execution the
law now in force, we can requre him to do it by
limiting the appropriation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Impeach him. Bring
these grave charges against this high constitu-
tional officer. Let the gentleman, on his respons-
ibility as a Representative, say thatthe Secretary
of War has failed tofobey the law and to comply
with his duty,and make specific chaigcs agaimst
him, and not put ihem in an appropilation bill,
and limit the expenditure of this money, as he
savs.
Mr. Chairman, it is the experience of every
gentleman who has been here for years, that it is
m just such situations as we are now in that more
frauds are perpetrated on the Treasury than at
any other time—late in the evening, and on appro-
priation bills. In order that this matter may be
fully considered, I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded tellers.
Ti llers were ordered; and Messrs. Maynard,
and Smith of North Carolina, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 63; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for a
recount.
Mr. GARTRELL. The rule is imperative that
the roll shall be called whenever the committee
finds itself without a quorum.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to remind gentle-
men that this is the last day for ten days we shall
have to consider our appropriation bills.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I say to the gentleman
from Ohio that I am willing this bill should be
made a special order from day to day until it shall
be disposed of, but I am not willing that less than
a quorum of this House shall pass upon matters
of so important legislation.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was' not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I "believe it is the under-
standing that we shall obviate the difficulty in
which we seem to be placed by having a vote
upon these appropriations in the House.
The amendment offered by Mr. Stewart, of
Pennsylvania, to the amendment, was not agreed
to.
The question recurred on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Leach, of North Carolina; and,
being taken, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust now that, by com-
mon consent, there may be a vote in this House
upon striking out this paragraph.
The proposition was agreed to, by general con-
sent.
Mr. BRANCH. I now offer this amendment,
and ask a vote of the committee upon it without
taking any time for discussion:
Provided, That no expenditure shall be made for chang-
ing the seats in the Hall of the House of Representatives
without further order of the House, horeafter to be made.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. That amend-
ment is not in order. It is in violation of a stand-
ins: rule or order of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit that no reason has
been given why this amendment is ndt in order.
Any gentleman who raises a point of order is
obliged to state the grounds of his point of order.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I did state them
fully and distinctly, and I will do so again. One
point of order I raise is this: that the proviso
which the gentleman proposes is a proposition
directly in violation of the order of this House,
which has been made to remove these seats; and
you change this order by an amendment to an
appropriation bill.
Mr. BRANCH. This proviso dons not forbid
the House from putting in the seats hereafter; it
merely forbids putting them in until the House
shall further order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided the
point of order, and no debate is m order unless
the gentleman takes an appeal.
Mr. BRANCH. I do appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained as the judgment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. VANCE. I move to amend by inserting,
at the end of the paragraph making an appropri-
ation for the United States Capitol extension, as
follows:
Piovidcd, That there shall not be paid for labor or mate-
rial more than twice as much as the same could be obtained
lor by puvate individuals.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. That amendment
is out of order, of course.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it is out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
strike out the following paragraph:
"For extension of the General Post Office, $70,000."
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the amendment will be considered as agreed to.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is too late.
We have passed from the consideration of that
paragraph.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand a division. I
intend to enjoy privileges to which I am entitled
as a member of this House.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman demands
a division he shall have it. As many as are in
favor of the amendment will say " ay."
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand to be heard upon
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late now; the
committee is voting. [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to insert as fol-
lows:
Foi the extension of the Geneial Tost Office, $09,000.
I do not wish to detain the committee unne-
cessarily. but 1 do object to this hasty legislation.
Here is this Post OiHce extension, which is in-
complete. I understand that$70,000 will complete
it. I propose to reduce the amount $1,000, and
see whether $69,000 will not complete it. It is a
matter of public necessity that the building should
be completed.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I rise to a point
of order. These lines 111 the bill have been stricken
out, and 1 submit that the amendment of the
tleman is not in order. It is understood that
there is to be a vote in the House, by yeas and
nays, upon striking out the appropriation, and I
