1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL fiLOBE.
and ask how many upon that side of the House
owe their positions to this slavery issue?
Mr. REAGAN. X will respond, for one, that
I do not.
Mr. CURTIS. I did not suppose the gentle-
man himself did; I know he does not.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not undertake to answer
for allgen tlemen with whom I have the honor to act.
I wish to say for myself, however, that in the two
canvasses of the district I represent, I expressly
made it a point to declare in my speeches my
unconditional scorn of sectional agitation in every
partoftbeUnion. I always made itapointto say
thatl would never advocate a principle in my con-
gressional district, which I would not feel it my
duty to advocate in every State and every town-
ship and every district in the United States, as a
Democrat. I made it a point to rebuke sectional-
ism at home. "When at home, I fought the bat-
tles with the enemies of the Union there. When
I am here, I try to fight the battles for the Con-
stitution with the enemies of the Constitution and
Union here. . I have never advocated a doctrine in
my district which a Democrat would not indorse
in every free State of the Union. I cannot answer
for others. I would to God as much could be said
for one tenth of those on the other side—that they
advocate at home doctrines which they can advo-
cate everywhere, and which would receive the in-
dorsement of every gentleman on that side in every
part of the Union.
Mr. CURTIS. There is one point to which I
wish to call attention.
Mr. REAGAN, f cannot yield just now, as
I do not want to be thrown off the line of my ar-
gument. The gentleman still urges that it is not
the purpose of the free States to violate that por-
tion of the Constitution which authorizes the en-
actment of a fugitive slave law; but he insists on
a provision fbr the right of writ of habeas corpus;
and in insisting upon that right, he insists on a
doctrine which, m the existing condition of pub-
lic opinion in the free States, denies the right of
the master, and goes on the assumption that, if
the people of the tree States will not vindicate the
rights of negroes who arc free, they cannot expect
vindication in the slave States. I have answered
to that., that the courts in the slaveholding States
are open for similarpurposes, and, in my opinion,
the la*vs in those States would be enforced, with
as much justice and with as rigorous respect for
their rights, in the slave States as in the free States.
I can answer, from my personal observation, that
in a number of cases that I have witnessed, the
laws have been strictly cnfoiced and whenever a
negro has been entitled to his freedom, I have
never known a solitary instance in which it has
not been vindicated. But I do not care to con-
tinue that line of argument.
Mr. CURTIS. One word right there.
Mr. REAGAN. One moment, if you please.
I wish to make a remark in this connection, lest
I might omit to make it hereafter. I have learned
habitually to respect the opinions of the gentleman
from Iowa, recognizing in him a man of enlight-
ened mind, who I do not think would go further
to violate the rights of the people of the South
than his conscientious convictions compelled him
to go; but he ought to look at this question in the
light of existing facts. Now, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts they have passed a personal liberty
bill. Let me call the attention of the gentleman
from Iowa to the fact that, under that law, an
attorney who would appear in court to prosecute
the claim of a master to his slave is liable to be
put in the penitentiary. Is that to enforce the
habeas corpus act? No, sir; that law which im-
poses liabilities upon those who aid in the recap-
ture of fugitive slaves and others, to which I have
not time to allude now, is based upon an entirely
different hypothesis than that which the gentle-
man suggests, and is for an utterly different pur-
pose from that which he has indicated as the real
object of the action of the free States. Their real
object and purpose is to prevent the return of
fugitive slaves to their masters.
But even if these acts of the Legislatures of free
States did not show this fact upon their faces,
there is other evidencejof the existence of a fueling
there inimical to the rendition of fugitive slaves,
and to war directly with the provision of the Con-
stitution which warrants their return; and it is to
this spirit of the people, this defiance of the Con-
stitution, this disregard of the rights of the peo-
ple of the slaveholding States, that I refer, as an
evidence of the reckless fanaticism which would
break down and destroy this great political fabric
of ours. I have rnt anticipated and do not feel
dispqsed to go into a particular investigation of
the several acts of the several Legislatures. I
wish, however, to state one fact to the gentleman.
Here are the States of Ohio and Kentucky, sep-
arated only by the Ohio river. The Ohio Legis-
lature had its legislation for the purpose of im-
peding the operation of the law for the rendition of
fugitive slaves. I understand that the last Legis-
lature of that State, under the control of the Dem-
ocrats—who, looking to the fact that they had a
common country, a common destiny, and a com-
mon Constitution, were disposed to respect the
common rights of the people and vindicate them—
secured the repeal of that legislation. I know,
sir, that the newly-elected Governor of that State,
who is a Republican, recommends a revival of
those very acts. I see, at the same time, that the
Governor of Kentucky, in a late message of his,
has declared—and I presume he declared the truth
—in a leading State paper of his administration,
that $100,000 worth of negroes arc enticed away
and stolen from their Kentucky owners annually.
The gentleman from Iowa speaks of the fact
that sometimes efforts are made to perpetrate
frauds on free negroes by going into the free States,
and, under the pretense of acting under the fugi-
tive slave law, arresting free ribgroes there. I have
never known of such a case, but I will not dispute
that he mayknowof suchacase. Butifhegives
that as an instance of individual fraud and wrong,
let me tell him that he will find no law in the
slave States that sanctions that fraud and wrong;
but ho will find laws to protect the liberty of that
negro, and punish the man who perpetrates a fraud
upon him. Well,now, there arc $100,000worth
of negroes stolen annually from Kentucky, as the
Governor of that State asserts. Are there any
laws in Ohio for the punishment of the men who
thus plunder their neighbors of their rightful prop-
erty from their own homes?
Mr. CURTIS. The fugitive slave law itself
has the strongest penal provisions in it that could
possibly be made. I can, therefore, see no earthly
necessity in the State of Iowa for any provisions
stronger than those in the fugitive slave law.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Allow me to say a
word.
Mr. CURTIS. Permit me to go on for a mo-
ment. The gentleman says that they have statutes
in the southern States which will sacure to free
negmes a fair trial. I ask the gentleman if mere
coIotthere or elsewhere, under the Dred Scott de-
cision, be not prima facie evidence of his being a
slave; and, therefore, if the onus of proof is not
thrown upon him at once to show that he is a free
man ? No^V, if a free man is taken from the State
of Ohio, or from Iowa, he must prove his freedom
at some remote point, where he has no friends, no
counsel, and no opportunity of doing it, except
that which the generosity of the neighborhood
may afford. I do not pretend to say that the
southern people would be disposed to deprive him
of it. I do believe that the southern people, as
those of the North, abhor this kidnapping of free
men; but if there is a necessity for such a law in i
the southern States, how much more reasonable |
that the northern States should try to vindicate j
the rights of the free negroes against such injus-
tice and violence. I tell the gentleman that there
are no laws of the kind he speaks of in Iowa, but
the fugitive slave law itself vindicates all the rights
of southern men, and I fear is sometimes abused j
by some who violate its provisions to the preju- j
dice of free blacks. ]
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I hope the gentle- |
man from Iowa will now let me ask him a qucs- :
tion. I enjoyed the acquaintance of the gentle- j
man from Iowa for twenty-five years, and, like the ;
gentleman from Texas,J have confidence both fn [
his head awl in his heart. We are now near j
neighbors, our districts lying broadside, although j
a State line separates us. 1 desire to ask the gen- j
tleman, after oil the good doctrine he has taught ij
in his district, if he does not know that General
Forbes and John Brown convened and trained ]|
their army in his district two years ago ?
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Wait a moment; 1
have one more question. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if he does not know that after one of John
Brown's forays into Missouri, in which he mur-
dered a slave owner in order to carry off eleven
or twelve of his slaves, he traveled through the
entire length of the gentleman's district—more
than a hundred miles ? I ask the gentleman fur-
ther, if there were any constituents of his who at-
tempted to return those negroes, or to return the
felon who had murdered their master, or if there
was any law of his State for that purpose ?
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Clerk, I will say that we
have in Iowa, as they have, I believe, m all the
free States, what they call an " underground rail-
road, "and this man John Brown, as I understand
from the testimony taken, had a rendezvous at a
place called Tabor, in my State.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Yes, sir, Tabor is
within five miles of my district.
Mr. CURTIS. I recollect it was stated in the
testimony or statements of some of the Harper's
Ferry convicts, that Tabor was one of the points
where he had a depot of arms; but the gentleman
is mistaken in charging that Brown drilled his
men there; they were trained, as I recollect the
statement, in the northern portion of his native
State of Ohio.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. By the way, tho
northern portion of Ohio is not my native State;
but I will ask the gentleman if it does not appear
—not from the testimony taken in 1856, but from
the letter of Mr. Forbes lately published—that he
was transported from Boston to Tabor, in the
district of my friend from Iowa, to drill the guer-
illa parties he was to meet there ?
Mr. CURTIS. I say that there was no such
drilling done there, although I believe Forbes
speaks of that as a proposed military rendezvous.
I think there were some forces from the North
passing through my district for the purpose ot
uniting in a foray to be made in or from Kansas
in 1856. But, sir, as this question has been brought
before the House, I wish to bring the matter right
home to the gentleman. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri if he did not himself command a com-
pany of Missourians which went over into Kan-
sas to drive out John Brown and other free-State
men ?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I emphatically
state that I never commanded any company of
Missourians for the purpose of going over into
Kansas. I desire to say further to the gentleman
that I never either fought or voted in Kansas, and
that I have, as the gentleman knows—and it was
not at his own promptings that he asked the ques-
tion—throughout my district protested against any
infraction of law in Kansas or put of it. But, sir,
betore I take my seat I will ask the gentleman
from Iowa if he does not know that nine negroes
were stolen from citizens at one time, near Tafcor,
in his district ?
And I will also state one thing more, that, as
prosecuting attorney in the circuit in which I live
m the State of Missouri, I have prosecuted men
for cruelty to their slaves; and I desire to state,
for the benefit of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Wilson,] who prompted the gentleman
from Iowa to ask the question which he has just
propounded 
Mr. WILSON. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I have made no such suggestion at all.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to say, that
out of the five persons prosecuted by me for cruelty
to their slaves, three hailed from the State of In-
diana. [Laughter.]
Mr. CURTIS. 1 am glad to see that the gen-
tleman preserves all his good qualities and good
intentions towards 'the South and towards the
North; but I will suggest that hn represents a por-
tion of Missouri from which a great many forays
were made into Kansas during the struggle for
freedom in that unfortunate Territory.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Missouri, just here, whether those Indian-
ians he speaks of were Democrats or Republi-
cans ? [Laugh ter. ]
Mr. CURTIS. . I will say here, in regard to
those nine slaves, to which the gentleman refers
as having been taken from Missouri—and I am
glad that he has referred to them—that I did un-
derstand, in Iowa and elsewhere, that John Brown
went from Kansas and made a foray into the State
of Missouri; and that, in violation of the law of
that State, he did bringaway ten or eleven slaves.
And, Mr. Clerk, it was, in my judgment, a more
flagrant violation of law, and more important in
