1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MALLORY. But I desire, with the con-
sent of the Senator from Missouri, who has the
floor 011 that bill, to make this motion, for it will
not interfere with that bill; and 1 presume the
Senator from Missouri will give way, under the
circumstances, for the purpose of considering the
naval bill to-morrow. I am artxious to have it
taken up to-morrow. The amendment which the
Senator from Maine has proposed will be printed
then. I more to take up this bill, so that when
wc adjourn we shall adjourn on it, and leave it
as the unfinished business for to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Florida, to
take up the bill (S. No. 299) to increase and regu-
late the pay of the Navy of the United States.
Mr. MALLORY. When the bill is before the
Senate I shall ask to have it passed over inform-
ally, so that when we adjourn we may adjourn
with that bill before the Senate.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was read the second time.
Mr. MALLORY. Let us pass it over inform-
ally.
Mr. GWIN. Let us pass it now.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine is not printed yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general con-
sent it will be passed over informally.
There being no objection, the bill was passed
over.
SALE OF ARMS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
before the Senate regularly is the homestead bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone that with a
view to take up the bill (S. No. 45) to provide for
the sale of arms to the States, which has been sev-
eral times discussed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 45) to
authorize the sale of public arms to the several
States and Territories, and to regulate the ap-
pointment of superintendents of the national arm-
ories, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hale, in the fifth line of section two,
after the word " repealed," tostrike out the words,
"and that the superintendents of those armories
shall hereafter be selected from officers of the ord-
nance corps."
Mr, DAVIS. That question has been so fully
discussed heretofore that I believe I have nothing
to add. I have received a statement in relation to
the course of instructional West Point, showing
how fully it covers that branch of mechanics
which is so requisite to one who takes charge of
these armories: but the subj<*:thas been so much
discussed that it is unnecessary.
Mr MASON. When this bill was before the
Senate on a former occasion, in reference to the
particular clause now under consideration, in
some way, I do not know how, an impression
prevailed, that was alluded to afterwards by my
colleague here, that in some remarks I made on
the expediency of changing the present mode of
superintendence at the armories, I had spoken in
some way disparagingly of the officer who is in
charge as superintendent at Harper's Ferry. I
only want the permission of the Senate to allow
me for an instant to do justice to that officer,
and to remove any such impression. The gen-
tleanan who is now the superintendent at Har-
per's Ferry is one who has been known to me,
and his family before him, for a great many years.
I know him personally; and I do not know^my
man more competent to discharge the duties, or
who, so far as f know or have reason to believe,
has discharged them better. I do not know how
such an impression got abroad. He was not
present; he was absent at the. time of the foray of
Brown at Harper's Ferry, and had been absent
for a week; he is not at all responsible for any-
thing connected with that. He had been, 1 hap-
pen to know, sent by the War Department on
some official duties to the armory at Springfield,
in Massachusetts, and was absent during that
whole time. Nothing was further from my mind
than to make any reflection on him; and how that
impression got abroad, I do not know. I looked
back at the debate, and found that I said nothing
in disparagement of that officer. I said nothing
in lus commendation because nothing was re-
quired; but nothing certainly to his disparage-
ment. I know him to be an able, efficient, and
honest man; and if this superintendency were to
be continued'in the civil branch of the public ser-
vice, 1 do not know anybody more competent to
fill it.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on engrossing the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. What was done with the
amendment offered by the Senator from Maine?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was rejected; and the
second section stands as it was, except that a new
amendment has been offered by the Senator from
Mississippi, which had better be read.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to hear the bill
read as it is now before I vote on it.
The Secretary read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted, Sjc., That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized to issue to any State or Territory of
the United States, on application of the Governor thereof,
arms made at the United States armories, and primers pre-
pared by the United States, to such extent as may be spared
from tiie public supplies without injury or inconvenience
to the service of the General Government, upon payment
therefor in cash, at the time of delivery in each ease, of an
amount sufficient to replace, by fabrication at the national
armories, the arms so issued: Provided, That the saies of
each year shall not exceed the increased manufacture which
may result from said sates, and that the whole mimher to
he sold, if less than the requisitions made, shalt be divided
between the States apph ing to purchase, pro rata, as arms
furnished by the United Suites arc now distributed.
Sec. .thi'l he U further enacted, That so much of the
act approved August 5, 1854, as authorize" the appointment
of a civilian as superintendent of each of the national arm-
ories, be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and that the
superintendent* of these armories shall hereafter be selected
from officers of the ordnance corps.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs whether it is proposed to sell arms of the
recent model, that have been made within the last
two or three years. I understand we have some four
or five hundred thousand arms, and of this new
model there are not over forty thousand. I think,
from what I can learn, that it would be better to
preserve the arms of the new model for the ser-
vice of the nation. If anybody wants any of the
guns we have recently rifled—Minie guns—I have
no objection to selling them; but, as I learn, there
have been only fifty thousand of the new arms
made, and perhaps about ten thousand of them
have been distributed among the States. There
are very few in the possession of the Government,
and I think the United States troops had better be
armed with this recent model of gun. If the State
troops have the old model, which carries a little
heavier ball, I should have no objection myself
to letting them have more of the same caliber; but
to undertake to keep on hand four or five hundred
thousand, so that our troops will have different
sized balls to their muskets, or Afinie guns, or
whatever you call them, is, I think, bad policy.
I sh<5uld bite to have this distribution confined to
guns made prior to 1854 or 1855, when we began
manufacturing on the new pattern, if the Senator
has no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I can do little more than repeat
—my respect for the Senator would induce me,
of cburse, to repeat as often as he desires—that
the proposition which is now before the Senate is
but to take an arm away and put back another
one of the same kind in its place. For every one
that the States take, under this provision, they
pay the amount of money which will replace it
by fabrication at the armories, and to be replaced
within the year. They cannot draw more under
the provisions of the bill than can be replaced by
the money which they put in lieu of the arms
thus taken away.
I will restate that the capacity of the armories
ereatly exceeds the appropriation which we an-
nually make on the peace establishment. We make
eighteen thousand stand of arms, when the capa-
city of the armories is foity thousand. If, then,
twenty-two thousand are called for by the States,
and money equal to twenty-two thousand depos-
ited for them, the armories are brought up to the
full establishment; they make forty thousand in-
stead of eighteen thousand: so that the supply accu-
mulated for the use of the Government remains the
same. In the mean time, the militia are getting
supplied more rapidly than under our appropria-
tion; and 1 see no reason why the militia should
not have the lightest mode! and the best kind of
arms that can be carried by troops. It is not pro-
posed to reduce the appropriation for the ordi-
nary manufacture. That remains as before. The
eighteen thousand are still tote made as before.
The increased manufacture will result from-' the,
sale to the States; and the sale to the States is
limited by the capacity to increass the manufac-
ture. That is the wiioie question.
Mr. SIMMONS. Thatdoes not meet the ques-
tion I propounded. I suppose, of the arms made
prior to 1855, we have distributed large nufabers.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now I propose to distribute
the same kind to them, so that they will not have
two calibers to the musket, and to retain the new
ones for our own troops. Whatever money they
pay for the old ones, I am willing to retain for
manufacturing the new ones for the United States.
We have got a different caliber to the musket, as
I understand—a smaller bore. I think it would
be better for both sides to have the United States
have all their arms of one caliber, and the militia
all theirs of another caliber, if there must be two.
I suppose I understand what the purpose is. I
have made some objection to the plan of manu-
facturing these arms at the paper cost, and I have
taken some pains since the question has been up
to find out what the cost of these establishments
was, and what was the annual expenditure of the
armories for the manufacture of arms, and I find
that a fair interest and the wear and tear of these
establishments annually amount to more than
double the appropriation we make; so that every
musket we make would annually cost the Gov-
ernment, if we had to pay interest, three times
what we should get for it under this bill. I have
no objection to increasing the manufacture of arms
somewhat, but I would have the arms for arming
our troops all of one caliber; and as the militia
got some of the other kind, I thought it would be
better to let them have ipore. I think the Sena-
tor will agree with me, as a military man, that it
is a little awkward to be having State troops
armed with guns carrying two-sized balls. If
they have had none of the new arms, let them have
the other kind, and have them of the pattern tin y
have already got; and let us keep guns of the
same caliber for our own troops. I should think
that would be better, and certainly it is manufac-
turing them cheap enough. I have no objection
to let them have the old ones. They seem to be
very good arms when they are rifled. I do not
desire to speculate on them, but I should like to
keep these arms for our own use.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator runs into an error
which I find very often prevails, that the militia
of the States are' not a part of the Army of the
United States. It is our glory that the defense of
the country rests upon the people. He proposes,
then, to arm the militia in time of peace with a
weapon which they will not use in time of war.
He proposes to instruct them through the whole
period of peace with a weapon such as the Gov-
ernment does not employ in war. Is that Ilia
proposition ?
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Thatisnothis proposition. Then
wh y does he say to me that he proposes that the
militia shall have one caliber of the old model, and
the United States troops another caliber of the new
model? Does he not know that the old model is
a smooth-bore; that it cannot be brought to the
condition of the new model rifled musket? It may
be rifled, it is true, but not the pattern asold as some
of these of which he speaks; and I imagine no one
will hazard rifling the oldest model musket which
is now in store. It was only the model which
was made after the period of the old model that
I believe it has been attempted to rifle. The others
have received percussion locks; but many of them
were condemned and sold—sold for a mere son<r.
They passed into the commerce of the world, if
the militia wanted them, they could have bought
them without legislation. No men are so careful
about the character of the arms they carry as the
southern and western militia. They have a pride
in their weapons; accustomed to use them, trained
to handling the best of weapons. The question is,
will the Government allow them to have them,
when the Government will lose nothing, either in
the accumulation of its stock on hand, or in the
appropriation of money to supply the militia with
arms m their hands; when nothing positively is to
be lost to the Government; when it is to stop the
sales as wc increase the appropriations, limiting
them always to the increase which may resultfrom
the sales. I cannot imagine why, upon the argu-
