I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tills bill to be put on Us passage. It will not take
a minute.
Mr. YULEE. I suppose it will take less time
to do that than to quarrel about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine asks: the unanimous consent of the
Senate to put this hill upon its passage now. The
Chair*hears no objection.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PHILADELPHIA. POST OFFICE.
The bill (H. R. No. 814) providing for the ercc-
tion of a post office in the. city of Philadelphia
was read twice by its title.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope that bill will not be re-
ferred.
E. GEORGE SQUIEIt.
The bill (H. R. No. 511) for the relief of E.
George Squier,ofNew York, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the consent of the
Senate to put that bill upon its passage.
Mr. POLK. I shall feel myself m duty bound
to offer an amendment to that bill, if it is to be
passed now.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very welt; it will take but
a very few minutes.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the gentleman who
has charge of the bill under consideration will
allow mo to have a little measure for Pennsylva-
nia passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a bill
before the Senate, the Chair will inform the Sen-
ator. h
Mr. CAMERON. I know that; but 1 desire
my colleague to make a motion to postpone it for
three minutes, in order that we may bring for-
ward the bill lot Pennsylvania.
Mr. B1GLER. 1 presume there will be no ob-
jection. The bill was taken up with the under-
standing that it should be disposed of.
Mr. YULEE. i must object.
Mr. B1GLER. I hope the Senator will with-
diaw the objection.
Mr. YULEE. I yielded to the Senator from
Maine, supposing that that was the only request,
and believing that it would take less time to yield
than to discuss it; hut from the number of prop-
ositions around me, it is evident that I cannot,
with justice to the bill now before the Senate,
which is evidently producing much discussion,
yield any longer.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
Florida will listen to me a moment.
Mr. YULEE. I must ask to be excused.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senatoi
from Florida is entitled to the floor,
Mr. YULEE. I must insistoncontinuingthe
post route bill, and finishing it m order to send it
to the House of Representatives.
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator from Florida
will permit me, the understanding was that the
bill of the House of Representatives (No. 814)
should be considered: and I assented to take up
the present bill with that understanding. It is a
bill in relation to the post office at the city of
Philadelphia.
Mr. YULEE. "But the Senate refused to do
so. 1 yielded to the Senator at the time to take
it up, but the Senate refused.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator is mistaken. The
Senator from Now Hampshire objected, and lie
has withdrawn that objection.
Mr. YULEE. I can be overruled, but I can-
not consent to a further postponement of the Post
Office bill.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, my colleague has an arrangement to leave the
city at five o'clock which is imperative upon him,
and we can pass this bill before the time for a re-
cess art i vcs.
Mr. YULEE. Very well; go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill before
the Senate is the bill for the relief of E. George
Squier.
Mr. CAMERON. I understood it was post-
poned for the purpose of taking up this bill in re-
gard to the post office at Philadelphia.
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not by order
of the Senate.  
Mr. CAMERON. Then I make that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
consent to lay it aside for the present.
Mr. LANE. Let it be laid aside informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill will
lie over. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania to take up the bill in-
dicated by him. By unanimous consent, the mo-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania can be en-
tertained, but only by unanimous consent, other
business being before the Senate. Is the motion
objected to? The Chair hears none.
PHILADELPHIA POST OFFICE.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 814) providing for the erec-
tion of a post office in the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. YULEE. I trust we may dispense with
the reading of the bill. It is a bill satisfactory to
all the parties concerned, and is passed merely to
enable the Department to apply an appropriation
that is in their hands and made some years ago
for the building.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent action will be taken upon the bill with-
out reading. It requires unanimous consent.
Mr. BRAGG. There aie a great many similar
cases to this, and I shall feel myself bound to put
on one for North Carolina which is precisely a
similar case, if this is insisted on from Pennsyl-
vania.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from North Carolina ask for the reading of
the bill?
Mr. BRAGG. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will be
read. The Chair will state, however, that the
hour has armed for a leecss.
Mi. YULEE. There is no such rule now.
The PRESIDING OFF IC E R. The Chair un-
derstands it is a standing rule of the Senate.
Mr. TOOM BS. I move that the Senate adjourn
until to-monow at eleven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is too late. The hour
having arrived, the recess must take place.
Mr. TOOMBS. The motion to adjourn is al-
ways m order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour hav-
ing arrived for a recess, the Chair cannot enter-
tain any motion except by unanimous consent of
the Senate.
Mr. LATHAM. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes the
duty of the Chair to announce that the hour fixed
for a recess has arrived, and that a recess will
now commence, to continue until six o'clock.
evening session.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
HOUSE BIXI-S REFERRED,
The bill (H. R. No. 101) granting: an invalid
pension to John Purcell was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The bill (II. R. No. 806) to confirm certain
entries of land in the State of Missouri was read i
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee 1
on Public Lands. :
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public ■!
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. j|
303) to enable the tiustccs of the Biuemoimt Col-
lege to preempt a certain section of land, and for '!
other purposes, icported it without amendment. j|
REISSUE OF LAND WARRANTS. !j
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous consent ''
of the Senate to take up the bill of the House of |i
Repiesentatives No. 807. It is an act of general
interest, m which the constituents of every Sena-
tor to a greater or less extent will be interested.
Its passage has been recommended repeatedly by
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. It is to au-
thorize the reissuing of land warrants that have
been lost.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It requires unanimous consent to
consider the motion.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have no doubt that
the bill which the Senator proposes to take up is
a very good bill, and perhaps it ought to receive
the sanction of Congress; but it is very apparent
that there is no quorum present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will require
unanimous consent to consider the , motion, as
other business is beforethe Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. There are but six or
eight Senators present. ' ' '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion can
be entertained except by unanimous consent.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am inclined to fur-
ther the object of the Senator from Iowa in the
passage of that bill; I am inclined to think it a
good one, and that it should receive the sanction
of the Senate; but it is better to have a quorum
before we undertake to transact business.
PHILADELPHIA POST OFFICE.
Mr. CAMERON. I apprehend there will be no
objection to the bill which was left unfinished at
the lime of the recess.
Mr. HAMLIN. What was it?
Mr. CAMERON. A bill disposing of the
money appropriated for the Philadelphia post of-
fice;—a matter about which everybody agrees, and
to which there is no objection at all. It is not
taking any appropriation, but merely disposing
of that which was there. It is a bill to which no
body will object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection has
been made to the transaction of any business, in
consequence of the absence of a quorum in the
Chamber.
Mr. CAMERON. No objection is made to this
bill, I believe.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I objected to the trans-
action of business until a quorum was present.
There is a bill called up by the Senator from Iowa
that I am satisfied is a good bill, and should be
consummated; but, at the same time, I do not think
it proper to go on and transact business with ten
or a dozen Senators present. "When a quorum
comes in,I should like to have the bill indicated
by him, if it be the bill I suppose it to be, taken
up and passed by the Senate, because I am clear
in the conviction that there is a necessity for that
bill. It is to correct an evil that really obstructs
the transaction of public business, and I hope it
will be passed; but I object to transacting busi-
ness unless a quorum is present.
Mr. CAMERON. The number of Senators
has very much increased now, and 1 hope we shall
proceed with the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
announce the motion, unless some Senator objects
to transacting business. The fact that there is no
quorum present being brought to the attention of
the Chair, the Chair will not feel authorized to
proceed, except by the unanimous consent of the
Seriate, or to put any motion even,until itis more
manifest than now that a quorum is present. It
is moved that the Senate take up for considera-
tion, or, rather, continue the consideration of, the
bill pending before the Senate at the time of the
recess, which was the bill indicated by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. Docs any Senator object
to resuming the consideration of that bill?
Mr. PUGH. If there is no quorum present, I
think we have not the power .to proceed to the
consideration of the bill, and I shall feel compelled
to object.
Mr. CAMERON. This bill was called up just
previous to our taking tiie recess. It is to dis-
pose of a sum of money already appropriated for
a post office in Philadelphia. I believe my col-
league was compelled to leave town an hour ago,
and I undertook to have the bill passed for him,
to oblige him, as he was to leave the city.
Mr. PUG1I. I do not know that I have any
particular objection to the bill, but I have an in-
superable objection to legislating without a quo-
rum. Therefore I must object, until a quorum is
present, to any bill being considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. «The attention
of the Chair being called to the fact that there is
no quorum present, he will decline putting the
motion until it is ascertained by a count that a
quorum is present.
Mr. BIGLER subsequently said: I hope the
Senate will resume the consideration of the bill
(H. R.No. 814) on which the Senate took a recess.
1 think there is a quorum of the Senate present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate now proceed to the consideration
