1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
ment presented by the Senator from Rhode Island,
he should continue to resist it.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 hope the Senator will try
' to understand me. I understand that within two
or three years the caliber of the muskets has been
changed, and been made smaller.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes;it has been made a rifled
musket.
Mr. SIMMONS. And orders have* been issued
to rifle the muskets made prior to that time.
Mr. DAVIS. To some extent.
Mr SIMMONS. I understand it is a standing
order, and they arc rifling them all the time. I
want to know why we arc going on with the ex-
pense of rifling these muskets, if they arc useless.
1 learn that we are going on with it; making the
old muskets Minie rifles, and when rifled they
carry a. larger ball than the new musket. The
Senator says these arc arms that arc excluded from
the use of the regular Army. I proposed to confine
it to arms made up to within three or four years
since, when the smaller bore was introduced; and
I am very certain I have heard it repeatedly here
that those muskets, when changed and rifled,
would make very good muskets. If they are good
for our troops, they are good for any other. I
understand-these new ones arc rather heavier.
That is all I know about it.
Mr. DAVIS. I say to the Senator that I do not
think it is the weight of the weapon, but the
weight of the ammunition, of which no has heard.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have heard that fhc.se guns
are a, little heavier to carry on the shoulder. I
never heard that the ammunition in them was
much. If it is the purpose to carry this bill at all
evonts, without any reference to making up a va-
riety of calibers in the different corps, I will not
make any further objection to it. But I am quite
ccrtain that if we need these arms at all, it would
be better to retain those of one caliber and sell
those of a larger one, and I would have no old
muskets rifled at all. I think wo had better sell
them for the two or three dollars we have been
selling them for; hut I understand there are largo
numbers of them that make a very effective arm
by being rifled, and that the armories are now
rifling them. 1 would prefer to sell them, and if
we add anything to the number we are now mak-
ing, add those of the smaller caliber. If, how-
ever, my 'suggestion meets such serious opposi-
tion, I do not wish to press it.
Mr. DAVIS. I dislike to enier into a mere
question of ordnance; but to make the Senator
understand me, I will say that 1 doubt very mueh
whether the State whieh 1 in part represent would
make a requisition lor a single musket. ihey want
nothing but lilies probably, and in thate\enthe
will Hva that his proposition would defeat the re-
quisition entirely.
The PRESIDING WFlCKil, (Mr. MaroK in
the chair.) The question is on oidering the bill
to be cn^iossed and read a third tunc.
The hjll was oideiwl to be m^rossed and read
a third time, won read the third time; and on the
question, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays, and
they were, ordered'.and being taken,resulted—yeas
29, nays 18; as follows:
Y ftrnjamln, Blgler, Brap<r,Clie*rmt,Clnv,
Ctirajmim, Urtuemtan, DiWts, Filch, Fitzpatnok, Gtoch,
Gwin, Hammond, Hunter, lvc >oii, .loluwm of'lYmie^ee,
Kennedy, Lan«',Lailmm, Mallmy, Mason, Nicholson, Folk,
i'mvotf. Hie. SaulMmry, Sebastian, $lUle)l,nn(t Yulfp—>29
NAVH---Me*vr«!, Anthony, HuiKh.un^'aimMnn.OhamlU'r,
('lark. t'olJarnn', Doolittle. Dtirkeo. FissomU'n, Foot,
Jlainlm, Uarlari, King, .Simmons, ^unnur, Ten
K>fk. -iikI W; dc-~JK.
So the bill was passed.
K.XKOLLMI) BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Haves, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker bad signed tin; following enrolled bill and
joint resolution; whieh thereupon received the
signature of the Viee President:
A bill (IJ. R, No. 326) to establish mail routes
in the Territory of Kansas; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 13) for the relief of
Commander II. J. Hartstenc, of the United States
Navy.
ItEGCX.VTIOXS FOtt THE GUANO TRADE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
bill No. reported by the Committeeon Com-
merce, wiueh 1 think will give rise to no debute,
and whieh it is very important should be passed.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
303) supplementary to the act entitled "An act
to authorize protection to be given to citizens of
the United States who may discover deposits of
guano," approved August IB, 1856, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It provides that when the President of the Uni-
ted States has accepted the bond or bonds of any
citizen or citizens of the United States, or his or
their assigns, in compliance with the second pro-
viso of section two of the act of August 18,1856,
and notification of the acceptance has been made
to him or them, the same shall be deemed and
taken in all legal proceedings to be evidence that
the. island, rock, or key, therein specified, shall be
considered as appertaining to the United States,
and shall be held for the exclusive right and use
of said citizen or citizens of the United States, or
his or their assigns, for the purpose of obtaining
guano, and of selling and delivering it from the
time of the acceptance of the bond. And the Pres-
ident of the United States is to make proclamation
thereof. But if, upon the production of cvidcncc
satisfactory to the Secretary of State, it shall ap-
pear that any certificate has been obtained by mis-
take, fraud, or upon insufficient evidence, he may,
at any time within one year from the date of the
certificate, review the proceedings and issue a cer-
tificate to the party properly entitled thereto.
There is a proviso that nothing m this act shall
affect the rights of any parties now litigating in
the courts under the law to which it is supple-
mental.
The second section extends all the provisions
of the revenue laws of the United States, relating
to manifests, reports, entries, and inspection of
cargoes, in all respects, so far as they may be ap-
plicable to guano, either imported or brought
coastwise from any island, rook, or key; and be-
fore it shall be passed through the custom-house
where entered, u is to he examined and analyzed,
at such ports as shall be designated by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, so as to ascertain the pro-
portions and purity of its component parts, and
a certificate of the result of the examination and
analysis is to be given and marked upon or affiled
to each barrel, box, bng, sack, or package of the
guano before delivery from the custom-house,un-
der such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall direct, and in such manner as in his
discretion shall be best adapted to protect the pur-
(hascr.s and con.sumeis of guano from imposition
and fraud. Any person or persons who shall know-
ingly use such certificate of analysis for the sale
of any guano, other than that to whieh the same
shall relate, or any compound of which guano is
a component part, are to be deemed and taken to
be guilty of a misdemeanor against the laws of the
United States, and,on conviction in any court of
the United States, to be punished by a fine not to
exceed $1,000, or imprisonment for a term not to
exceed three years, or both, at the discretion of
the court.
The third section repeals so much of the sec-
ond section of the act of August 18, 1856, as re-
stricts the .sale and delivery of the guano aforesn id
to citizens of the United States, and for use therein,
and provides that henceforth it shall be lawful for
any citizen or citizens of the United States, or his
or their assigns, who have delivered their bond,
or bonds, and have received a notification of the
acceptance thereof by the President of the United
States, to sell and deliver the said guano to other
than citizens of the United States, and for other
than use therein.
To obviate the necessityof placing revenue of-
ficers on the guano islands and keys, the fourth
section makes it the duty of any shipper of guano
from the same to any foreign port or country to
report to the collector of customs in the United
States, at some port, and clear therefrom, or he
may proceed to a foreign port at which a consul
or commercial agent of the United States shall re-
side, and deliver to him duplicate manifests, on
which the consul or commercial agent shall in-
scribe a certificate in the nature of a clearance for
the vessel; one to be returned to the masterofthe
vessel, and the other to be forwarded to the Treas-
ury Department; these certificates to have the
force and effect of similar documents issued and
received by collectors of customs.
Mr. YULEE, One of those sections provides
penalties and punishments; makes a new class of
criminal offenses. I should like the bill to lie over?
so that we may look into that a little further. My
attention was attracted to the reading of it. I
think the second section makes a new class of
crimes or offenses. I should like to see whether
it is within the limits 
Mr. HAMLIN. I think, if the Senator will
give his attention to it now, he will see that there
is no new class of cases created by this bill. It
is made a crime to forge the certificates of the col-
lecting department of the Government. It is a
provision that runs through all your revenue laws,
Mr. YULEE. It is to operate within the States.
Mr, HAMLIN. Certainly, it is to operate
everywhere.
Mr. YULEE. Let the second section be road
The Secretary read the second section of the
bill.
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator from Maine
will consent to let the bill lie over. I think we
ought not to pass upon a bill which proposes to
increase the number of criminal offenses hastily.
My attention has not been directly called to the
subject; the bill comes up out of order, and at a
period of the day when wc could scarecly have
expected an important measure to be proposed
for final action by the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will lie over. It is
important in many respects. I see there is a pro-
vision for analysis. Who is to pay for it? Are
we to have anew set of officers,like inspectors of
drugs?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I fear it will lead to that. Let
it he over, so that wc may examine it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I had hoped that the bill was
in such a shape as to elicit no opposition from any
quarter. 1 desire the Senate to act upon it now,
because there are a vast number of vessels waiting
to know whether this bill is to become a law, and
desiring to enter into the trade in shipping guano
from our own to foreign ports. I do not wish to
take up the time of the Senate; but I will, in as
few words as I can, explain what are the pro-
visions of the bill, and what has been its origin,
and the sourccs which the Committee on Com-
merce have consulted in relation to it. In the first
place I desire to say, that I think no bill during
this session of Congress has received as much con-
sideration in the Committee on Commerce as this
one. I think the chairman will concur with me
m that expression. [Mr. Clay nodded assent.]
After the fullestcxammation we could give to it, the
billin its present form met the unanimous appro-
bation ofthc Committeeon Commerce; there was
nota single dissenting voicc upon it, andforveiy
good reasons. „
The first section of the bill changes the present
law by making the title to these islands vps* ex-
clusively in the discovercrsunder the existing law;
and it requires the President to issue proclamation
when an island shall have been discovered and the
bonds are filed with him under the law to which
this is supplemental. That is an addition to the
present law. The proviso in the first section
speaks for itself, that where,by mistake, fraud, or
insufficient evidence, the certificate of your State
Department shall have, been granted to the wrong
person, the Secretary shall have one year's time in
which he may review iiis opinion, and grant his
certificate to the partiesentitled to it. Ifany party,
therefore, should get a claim under the existing
law to an island wrongfully, there is a right of le-
view granted to other parties outside of it, any
timp within the period of one year. Another pro-
viso to that section simply confincs litigants now
in court to the existing laws, and without at-
tempting to interfere with them by the passage of
this law. That is the first section.
The second section of the bill provides for an in-
spection of the guano. It is found that there have
been adulterations made. The committee con-
sulted with the Treasury Department on it, and
the Treasury Department recommended that there
should be inspections of guano at such ports as
the Secretary should determine, lie determining
the ports where there arc now inspectors of drugs;
and the inspectors of drugs being officers who
have a compensation fixed by law, will have to
assume this additional duty. It is true, that when
this guano has been so analyzed and inspected,
and a certificate under the proper officer granted,
this section provides that if any person shall will-
fully use those certificates on guano never so in-
