1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
judgment and sent iy$ mandate back to the su-
preme court of Iowa, and that court refused to
execute the mandate of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. CURTTS. That was in Wisconsin.
Mr. REAGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I stand corrccted. This is cumulative upon
the evidence I before presented, and is a startling
disclosure as to the tendency of this party to rev-
olution , and to an utter disregard of constitutional
rights and constitutional liberty.
Mr. LARRABEE. Will the gentleman-allow
mc to interrupt him one moment?
Mr. REAGAN. Certainly.
Mr. LARRABEE. I presume my colleagues
upon the other side of the House did not hear
what the gentleman said in reference to the action
of the supreme court of Wisconsin. I ask him
to repeat his statement again, in order that they
may hear it.
Mr. REAGAN. I said. I have been informed
vhat the supreme court of Wisconsin liberated a
fugitive slave; that an appeal was taken by the
owner to the Federal court; that the judgment was
reversed by that court, and a mandate sent to the
State court commanding it to execute the decree
of the United State's court, and that that court
failed and refused to execute the mandate of the
Federal court to return the slave.
Iam also informed—which,of course,would be
* presumed from the fact, without special informa-
tion—that that supreme bench of Wisconsin is
composed of Republicans. I was going on to say
that this was another £f those startling disclosures
which indicate how far that party intends to go, in
disregard of the "Constitution and of the compacts
of the Union. When members of the Legislature
can deliberately forswear themselves; when they
commit official perjury by passing laws with the
intention of revoking and destroying the provis-
ions of the Federal Constitution; when men, se-
lected not only for their general intelligence, but
with reference to their fitness, by integiily and
learning, to administer faithfully the laws, distiib-
ute right and justice to all men, secure the rights
of person and property, will attempt to defy the
Constitution of the United States, and refuse to
execute the mandate of a court having the legal
and constitutional right to direct their action in
reference to the rendition of a fugitive sinve—when
men will do these things, it seems to me the most
striking case of reckless disregard of constitutional
obligation which haft yet occurred.
Mr. LARRABEE. It is true that the judges
of the supreme court of Wisconsin are Republi-
cans; and I will cheerfully yield to my colleagues
belonging to thai party to correct the gentleman
in the statement he has made in connection with
that court.
Mr. REAGAN. I presume they do not desire
to make the correction.
Mr. POTTER, I did not exactly understand
my colleague; but, if I correctly comprehend his
remark, he asks that some explanation may be
made by hid colleagues in reference to the posi-
tion held by the supreme court of Wisconsin, 111
relation to the fugitive slave law
Mr. LARRABEE. The gentleman from Texas
made a statement m reference to an adjudication
m the supreme court of Wisconsin. That state-
ment was not quite correct. In making it, he, at
/he same time, said that those judges were Repub-
licans, and cast, by some remarks, censure upon
that court for its action. I simply felt that it was
more properly due to my colleagues upon the
other side to vindicate that court, if vindication
there, may be, than to myself.
Mr. POTTER. The supreme court of Wis-
consin needs no defense, nor is this the proper
tribunal in which to defend that court. I was not
sent here to defend the action of the supreme
court of Wisconsin. The action of that court is
before the country, and the decisions of that court
are recorded. They have decided that the fugi-
tive slave law is unconstitutional, and the People
of that State—I speak with out reference to party—
•agree to that decision.
Mr. REAGAN. Am I correct in saying that
they refused to obey the mandate of the Federal
court ?
Mr. POTTER. The Federal court never had
jurisdiction of that case; it was decided by the
supreme court of Wisconsin. And even if the
supreme court of Wisconsin had denied the right
of the Federal court to revise a decision of the
supreme court of Wisconsin, that court has a
precedent for taking that course.
Mr. REAGAN.^ I desire to be informed as to
a matter of fact. Wo I understand the gentleman
t<fctake a distinction between the right to juris-
diction in the Federal court and the exercise of
jurisdiction by that court? Did the Federal court
exercise j urisdiction either rightfully or otherwise
in revising and reversing the decision of the court
of Wisconsin ?
Mr. POTTER. No, sir; the Federal court never
had the case at all. 'They never got possession of
it. It never was certified.up from the supreme
court ofthe State of Wisconsin to the United States
court. The supreme court of Wisconsin refused
to certify the case up.
Mr. REAGAN. Then I am to understand that
they refused to obey the mandate of the Supreme
Court of the United States directing them to cer-
tify the case up ?
Mr. POTTER. Yes, sir; tliey did.
Mr. REAGAN. I was incorrect, then, in my
first statement; but the gentleman will see that his
correction does not change the position of the
court with reference to its utter disregard of the
authority of the Constitution of the United States.
I was only mistaken as to the facts, and not as to
the animus which governed the court.
Mr. LARRABEE. The gentleman from Texas
was not quite accurate in his statement in regard
to this case in the State of Wisconsin. The su-
preme court of that State did not liberate a fugi-
tive slave, but it liberated a man who had rescued
from the United States authorities a fugitive slave.
The supreme court of the State <ff Wisconsin de-
cided the fugitive slave law to be unconstitutional,
and it refused finally to certify this case by writ
of error to the Supreme Court ofthe United States.
Under the law of Congress providing for just such
an exigency, a transcript of that record was pro-
cured by the United States district attorney for
Wisconsin, and filed of reeoid in the Supreme
Court of the United States. Thatr court unani-
mously took jurisdiction of the case; decided the
fugitive slave law, unanimously, to be constitu-
tional; and issued a mandate, on that decision, to
the supreme court of the State of Wisconsin, and
that court has refused to carry out that mandate.
That refusal, it is just for me to say, has resulted
simply irom the court being equally divided. One
of the three members of the court, an associate
justice, had been counsel for this man Bo'oth, and
could not sit in the c ase. The chief justice of the
court, a Republican, appointed to fill a vacancy
by tftc Republican Governor ofthe State,wished
to obey the mandate of the Supreme Court of the
United States, and he filed an able opinion setting
forth the right ofthe Supreme Court to jurisdic-
tion m the case. The other associate justice re-
fused to obey the mandate, and, of course, the
motion was denied.
I will add, still further, as an evidence of Re-
publican sentiment in that State to-day, that every
Republican paper that \ have seen from that time
to tins has raised its voice against the reelection
of tins Republican chief justice at the election
which is to take plaee next spring, because he
was willing to obey the mandate of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
I will any further, m reply to my colleague upon
the oilier side, that it is not true—and i do not
know where he could have got his information—
that tli'- people of the State of Wisconsin, irre-
spective of party, have sustained the supreme
court of that State; and I would like to know upon
what basis he founds such an opinion.
Mr. POTTER. At the proper time—and I do
not consider this the proper tune—I will give my
colleague the information which he seems to de-
sire m relation to that matter, and I will show him
and this House that the People of the State of
Wisconsin, without respect to party, have sus-
tained the action of the supreme court of that
State.
Mr. LARRABEE. Last spring we had an
election for an associate justice of that court. The
Democratic party nominated William P, Lyndo,
who placed himself distinctly in antagonism to the
adjudication of the supreme court of the State.
The Republicans nominated Byron Paine, the
attorney of Booth, the man who rescued the fugi-
tive slave. They elected him, itistrue,but both
parties were arrayed, the Democratic party on the
side of the Constitution .and on the side of the Su- *
preme Court of the United States, as the authorita-
tive exponent of congressional laws and the Con-
stitution and the Republican party m opposition:
to it. We were defeated then,but mark me,next'
spring we shall not be defeated.
Mr. STANTON. Allow me a single moment.
REAGAN. I will yield to the gentleman
to make any necessary explanation.
Mr. STANTON. It is for an explanation in
regard to the refusal to permit the mandate of the
Supreme Court of the United States to go upon
the journal. I will slmjjJy s$y timt the supreme
court of the State of Wisconsin has the authority,
for that action, of all the Democratic judges of the
supreme court of Ohio, who refused to enter the
mandate of the Supreme Court of the United
States to the supreme couft of Ohio, reversing the
decision of that court in regard to the constitu-
tionality of a tax law. That is the position ofthe
Democratic party of Ohio on that question—that
they will not recognizc the appellate jurisdiction
ofthe Supreme Court of the united Skates.
Mr. REAGAN. I did not anticipate the intro-
duction of these questions, and I j2o not propose
to enter into a discussion of them now. I desire
to say that I am obliged to the gentleman from
Wisconsin for correcting my statement of facts.
I spoke from information which I had received.
It certainly was not my purpose to misrepresent
the position of the supreme court of Wisconsin.
Nothing was further from it. I only wanted to
present what I understood to be their action as
one of the evidences of the disposition of the Re-
publican party to disregard their duty to the Con-
stitution of the United States. While, however,
I stand corrected as to the state of the case as pre-
sented, I was not mistaken as to the influences
and principles which actuated the court, or as to
their disregard of their obligations to obey the
Federal Constitution and the Federal courts acting
by authority of law under a clause of the Federal
Constitution. That, sir, is not changed by the
explanation which has been made.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Clerk, the gentleman from
Texas, in the indictment which he has drawn up
against the Republican party, has filed a special
count against the Republican party of Massachu-
setts; and in order that he may have the full ben-
efit of the facts—for he seems to be as much at
sea in reference to the facts in Massachusetts as
he does in Wisconsin—I venture to state to him
that, when he says that the Republicans of.Mas-
sachusetts have passed a law providing that an
attorney who appears in behalf ofthe claimant of
a fugitive jdave shall be sent to the penitentiary,
he is entirely mistaken.
Mr. REAGAN. Let me ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. DAWES. Wait a moment, and I will
give you all the information you desire in refer-
ence to the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. REAGAN. I would ask the gentleman if
the law docs not impose a penalty upon an attor-
ney who appears for the claimant of a fugitive
S Mr. DAWES. None at all. There was a law
passed in the State of Massachusetts imposing this
penalty upon an attorney at law: that if he ap-
peared in behalf of a claimant under the fugitive
slave law, his name should be stricken from the
roll, This is brought as a charge against the Re-
publican party of Massachusetts. I desire to say
to the gentleman that that law was passed by a
Legislature that had not a Republican in it; and
I desire to say to the gentleman further, that the
first time the 'Republicans of Massachusetts had a
Governor and a majorjtyin the State Legislature,
they repealed that provision.
It is due, however, to Massachusetts that 1
should state hero, that Massachusetts has endeav-
ored, by legislation, ever since the passage ofthe
fugitive slave law of 1850, and she will continue
to do so as long a$  she is true to herself, to pass
all rules, regulations, and laws that shall be neces-
sary to secure to every man who comes within her
jurisdiction, whatever may be his color, class* or
condition, the right of trial there, in that jurisdic-
tion, whether he be a free man or a slave.
Mr. REAGAN. Let me ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts one question to see if I un-
derstand him. Does the gentleman undertake to
say that if a fugitive from justice, a white man or
a freeman, escapes from another State of the Union
