334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
into Massachusetts, that, upon the requisition of
the Governor of the State where the offense was
committed, they would claim the right To detain
that fugitive from justice and try him in Massa-
chusetts?
Mr. DAWES, I am not talking about fugi-
tives from justice. I am speaking of fugitives
from slavery, treated of in another clause of the
Constitution. *
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman then an-
nounce here that in Massachusetts negroes are to
have more rights than white men?
Mr. DAWES. I mean to- say that the State of
Massachusetts ^ill j)rotfbt men in their efforts to
try the question there whether they are freemen
or slaves.
Mr. REAGAN. Does the gentleman say that
in his State negroes have more rights than white
men?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; no more and no less.
Mr. REAGAN. Why not; when he says that
the negroes shall have the right of jury trial, which
the white man shall not have?
Ms. DAWES. I say that any man in Massa-
chusetts who claims to be a freeman can.com-
mand, if arrested, the writ of habeas corpus—the
right to have it ascertained by the courts of Mas-
sachusetts, under which he lives, whether he is a
freeman or not. Beyond that, Massachusetts lias
never^one by her legislation; and he who charges
upon Massachusetts Republicans, or upon any
of the constituted authorities in Massachusetts,
that they have ever stepped beyond that, does it
because lie docs not understand the facts of the
case.
Mr. REAGAN. I stand corrected, of course,
so far as the knowledge of the gentleman enables
him to correct the statement X made. But it is
apparent, from the statement of the gentleman him-
self, that penalties have, under their laws, been
inflicted upon counsel who should appear in the
courts of that State to vindicate the rights of the
man who claims property in his slave there, But
the gentleman says that that law is not charge-
able upon the Republicans. Well, sir, that
would depend very much upon what he calls Re-
publicans.
Mr. DAWES. X merely desire to conect the
gentleman. I have no wish to excuse or palliate
any action of the Republicans in Massachusetts,
or to deiract one iota of the known public senti-
ment in the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. REAGAN. Oh! 1 suppose not.
Mr. DAWES. Massachusetts stands to-day
up to the exact position where she has ever stood
in this country, She takes no step backward.
Rut, sir, she will allow every man within her
limits, no matter what may be the extravagance
or injustice of hi* claims, the right of Counsel.
It is her shield; it is her cardinal point. It is
the crown of her position that in Massachusetts
every one, no matter what his claims may be,
shall have the right of counsel; nor will her courts
deny justice to any one. It is written on her
shield and on the seal of her court—she "will
neither sell nor deny justice to any one."
Mr. REAGAN. I understand the gentleman's
facts and his reasoning not to agree very well.
The gentleman first says that the Republicans of
that State repealed the law passed in the Legis-
lature of the State of Massachusetts, by some gen-
tlemen who were not Republicans, striking from
the roll such attorneys as should appear to vindi-
cate the right of slaveholders to their slaves in her
courts. He then comcs forward and announces
that Massachusetts occupies her original position,
and never takes a step backwards. I should like
to know if the repeal of the law I have referred
to, is not, by negative action, a very decided step
backward from the high position of Abolitionism
in Massachusetts?
Mr. DAWES. I will answer the gentleman
with pleasure.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman what
party it was that passed that faw ?
Mr, DAWES. The American party. [Laugh-
ter.] It was before the Republican party was
formed. The gentleman asks me if Massachusetts
has not taken a step backward. My answer is
that I think she has taken steps forward.1 I think
it is the better securing to every man within her
limits—whether he be slave or whetherhebe slave-
catcher—I think it is better securing to every man
in Massachusetts his rights, to permit every at-
torney at law to appear for him, and prosecute
his claims in the courts of that State.
Mr, HILL. As I always feel some interest in
whatever concerns the American party, I desire
to know of the gentleman f®m Massachusetts
what has become of that American party in Mas-
sachusetts which had the temerity to pass a la^v
that was too stringent even for the Republican
party of that State ?
. Mr. DAWES. Well, Mr. Clerk, it is difficult
for anybody to tell certainly what has becomc of
it, for they almost all of them deny that they ever
were members of it. But I will give the gentleman
my opinion what has become of it. When the
party was formed about half came from the Dem-
ocratic party and half from the old Whig party.
In Massachusetts, generally, those who came from
the Whig party have gone to the Republicans, and
those who came from the Democratic party have
gone back to their first love. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. Will my friend answer me what
has becomc of Mr. Banks?
Mr. DAWES. Yes,sir; Mr. Banks has thought
better of himself and the country, and has gone to
the Republican party. He and. Governor Bout-
well, and several other glorious spirits in Massa-
chusetts, are like "brands plucked from the burn-
ing. " [Laughter.] That great file-leader of the
American party, its Governor, and the only Gov-
ernor of the State the party ever had, is now in
full fellowship with the Democratic party, and
sings to-day the poeans to the Constitution and the
Union of which we hear so much at Washington.
Several Members. Who is he >
Mr. DAWES. Governor Gardiner
Mr. HILL. ^Perhaps this is as good a time as
any to state a fact which came within my own
knowledge, and to which I have sometimes al-
luded. The gentleman alluded to a distinguished
personage formerly Governor of the State of Mas-
sachusetts. While he was in that office, I give
him credit for some conservative acts; and I may
be pardoned, humble as I am, for quoting on this
occasion some advice which I once kindly gave
that distinguished functionary. The tide of anti-
slavery sentiment was sweeping over tho State of
Massachusetts. Mr. Gardiner was then Governor
of that State. I appealed to him. Standingin the
| position which he occupied, I would have given
j ten ordinary lives if I could have been placed in !
i his situation, just to say to that old Common- !
j wealth, demented as she was about slavery, that
I would lay down a conservative basis to her,
and tell those inconsiderate politicians: " If you
choose to fasten your miserable heresy upon the
country for the sake of political power, takosback
your bauble, your executive chair, from me. I
refuse to hold it at the expense of justice to the
southern States of this union." Ay, sir, it
would have made him a fame in this Union, if he
had done it, second to none living. I tried to urge
him up to that point. I did not know what had
become of him politically of late. The gentleman
from Massachusetts says lie has taken refuge in
the Democratic party. If he has, it is evident that
he has done it as a conservative man, because lie
could not go with your extreme majority in that
State; he therefore went over to the only conserv-
ative party in that State, largely in the minority
then; and, mark me, that fact isa strong vindica-
tion of his integrity. It is rare that any man,
except for his adherence to principle, ever aban-
dons a majority to go into a minority. The thing
is almost unknown in the history of politicians. 1
The gentleman talks about Massachusetts Amer-
icanism. I ha\e seen somewhat of that American-
ism myself; and I say to gentlemen on this floor
to-day, that I see men belonging hero, and m the
other end of the Capitol, whom I have met as
Americans in former days, and tliey gave early
indications then of what their purpose was. Some
of them then declared that they came into the
American party to abolitiomze it; and if they could
notsucceedin that, to destroy it. It was th'is pur-
pose that carried the party by the board in Mas-
sachusetts. A few men stood aloof from it, and
Governor Gardiner was one of them. He would
not go to the extreme point; but the party, sir,
did go over to frpe-soilism, which, in its results,
is about equivalent to abolitionism.
Mr. DAWES took the floor.
Mr. HILL. Did I understand the gentleman
to say that Governor Gardiner was engaged in
singing paeans to the Constitution? Was that the
language? Or was it that he was singing paeans
to the Democracy and the Constitution ? Which
was it?
Several Members. The Constitution and the
Union.
Mr. HILL. Is it, then, matter of complaint
that anybody sings pseans to the Constitution and
the Union; that anybody acknowledges his fidel-
ity to this glorious Union under the Constitution?
Strange reproach! If made against any man, let
me say that I would glory in being that man.
Such an accusation brings no disgrace, but honor.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not like to interrupt this
colloquy, but I do desire to proceed with the re-
marks I have commenced.
Mr. HILL. I did not expect to make any
speech to-day, and what I have said has been
drawn out by remarks made by other gentlemen.
What becamc of the American party in Massa-
chusetts? That is the question which has been
asked. The American party of Massachusetts,
like much of the American party of other north-
ern States, has, I know, fallen back upon anti-
slavery sentiments. That, sir, is one of the rea-
sons why I indicated, the other day, the necessity
for the formation of a new party. I have already
consumed much of the time of the gentleman from
Texas, and I do not feel justified in further trench-
ing upon him. But I will say that, looking to the
violent antipathy which divides the two great par-
ties, the Democratic party in the South and the •
Republican party in the North, and which pre-
vents the organization of this House, the occasion
has arisen, and patriots frojp every section of this
country should avail themselves of it, to bring the
good, conservative, Union, Constitution-loving
men of all parties up, and swear them upon the
altar of the country to form such a party. Let
them tear away the party bonds that now fetter
them. Let those bonds go as did those of the
American party of Massachusetts; but, sir, do not
let them fall back upon anti-slaveryism. Let them
sing paeans to the Constitution and the Union, as
was said by the gentleman. Let those good ele-
ments come together, and'let them form a party,
if you choose, outside of any existing party
nomenclature. Let patriots unite upon one great
national basis of pure administrative Government
and fidelity to the Constitution and the laws. Do
that, and you can have your House organized;
and never, in my judgment, till you get men's
minds up to that point, will you be able to accom-
plish an organization.
Who stands ready here, sir, for the nonce, to
throw aside his party .shackles? I say for my-
self, American as I am, that I am willing to allow
my pjinciples to remain in abeyance; that I am
willing to be instrumental, as far as I can in my
humble way, to inaugurate a new party, that shall
embrace every conservative element of the coun-
try, and give peace and harmony to this distracted
land. That is my desire. Who will come up and
join me in this good work ? I must say that, with
my experience, I am afraid to trust the Americans
of Massachusetts. I do not know where they now
stand. Is tho gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] an American ? [Laughter.] %
I have heard talk of lodges. I am not one of
those who became familiar with lodges. That is
a term I never heard until I came here. I always
loved light rather than darkness, and it has never
been my nature to conceal any principle I have
ever entertained. I joined the American party;
and one of my first acts in connection with that
party was to urge, in a State convention commit-
tee, that it should be made an open party. I did
this that all the world might see its action. I
thought that its general principles were good and
salutary for the country; and even now, sir, badly
officered and managed as it has been, there is still
a vast amount of intelligence, patriotism, and
actual benefit to the country, still left with it. It
stands here in this Capitol, ready to unite with
the conservative elements of the country upon a
proper basis, at the proper time. Let the Democ-
racy lay aside their proscriptive principles; and
you of the Republican party had better do the
same thing, for I think that the signs admonish
you that the handwriting foretelling your down-
fall as a party is upon the wall, and that you will
not be able to go through the next fall elec-
tions.
Mr. KILGORE. The doors are open, and we
will take in the mourners. [Laughter.]
