1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
makes $1,200,000; and $250,000 for the line be-
tween New Orleans and El Paso, in Texas; mak-
ing, in the aggregate,$1,450,000. The difference
between what is now paid and the increase of
service is $287,724; or, at the expiration of the
first year, when the service is daily, of $487,724.
That is all the increase; and therefore the Senator
from Florida, who spoke of this costing about one
million nine hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
and my friend from Georgia, who thought this
was an increase to a most enormous extent, will
see that the whole increased service falls inside of
$500,000. . . ,
Now, what is the comparison of the service?
In the first instance, you have got three times a
week for the first year, by the Salt Lake route,
and the second year you have a daily service.
You have twice a week, proposed to be increased
to three times a week, service by die Butterfield
contract, passing from St. Louis, through the
western portion of Missouri and Arkansas and
the northern part of Texas, to the lower part of
California, extending all the way up that State
to San Francisco; and then from New Orleans
semi-weekly to El Paso, connecting with this
Butterfield contract; making during the first year,
five, if not six, through mails, connecting throe
points through to the Pacific coast; and the sec-
ond year nine, if not ten, mails per week. That
is the difference in point of service.
I know my friend from Georgia will at once
ask me what is"the use, or where is the neces-
sity for this increase of service? When he says
the population of California does notexceed eight
hundred thousand souls, he comes, probably,
-within bounds. I am not upon this disposed to
take issue with him. But that is not all the people
that are supplied by these mail facilities. There
are all the people ill Arizona, soon to be a Slate;
there are people who are provided by tins amend-
ment at Salt Lake City, at Pike's Peak, that will
soon have one hundred thousand or one hundred
and fifty thousand souls; there are the people in
Nevada Territory, as it is contemplated, amount-
ing now, as I suppose, to forty thousand people,
and very shortly will amount to one hundred
thousand; so that you may safely estimate that,
in establishing these mails, you supply a million,
if not a million and a half of people with facilities
to which they are entitled.
But this is not all. If you are to regard this
proposition purely from an economical point, I
can assure the Senator from Georgia, looking as
he does, and should do, at this question of ex-
penditures with the most watchful eye, (and it is
to his credit that lie does so,) that lie is here sav-
ing to the Government thousands upon thousands
of dollars. Let me tell the Senator from Georgia
that if this daily mail shall cross the continent, as
is contemplated by this! amendment, costing but
six or eight hundred thousand dollars per annum,
we shall hear no more of such minders as have
recently taken place of American citizens in Car-
son's valley. Sir, if this road had bec*t estab-
lished, those enterprising men, some of wjiom
came from his State, as I know personally* and
men from ail portions of this Union, who went
there through the same spirit of enterprise that
has settled up all that western country, would
never have been murdered, and their bones would
not now lie bleaching upon her soil; because this
•very line would have supplied the want of an
army. It would have established settlements all
along its course. There would have been secur-
ity; there would have been protection; because
every one knows a strange fact m the history of
these mail lines, that the Indians have a kind of
horror and dread of the power of this Government.
There never has been an instance of their attack-
ing a stage on the Butteifield line, although the
mail coach has been surrounded by Camanches
and Apaches in their warrior dress, going upon
their depredations. They have that kind of feel-
ing relative to the mail service, and the power
of the Government, that although they will come
up to the coach and take tobacco and caps and
powder and everything that the passengers may
choose to give them, yet such is their super-
stition, that in no instance have they ever com-
mitted any depredations upon a mail coach along
that line. The same will be the case along the
Salt Lake line; also between San Antonio and El
Paso. These lines will supply the want of an
army. They will economize to the Government
in the saving of thousands of dollars in sending,
troops there to be stationed in forts for the pur-
pose of sustaining the dignity and honor of your
Government, and protecting the honest settlers
that go there to people that immense territory
lying between the Atlantic States and the Pacific
coast.
The Senator puts in contrast with ail this what
he regards as the most feasible proposition. He
says that responsible parties, these gentlemen
that have the ocean service, are willing to take
this contract for the postage, and to carry printed
matter at the rate of twenty-five cents a pound.
If I were an ocean contractor and had steamships,
I would not want anything better. Let me tell
the Senator that they could make it amount to
$1,000,000 per annum, instead of #400,000, or
$300,000, or $250,000, or any other amount he
could conceive of. They take the letter postage,
and if you give them the twenty-five cents per
pound on printed matter, it is unlimited. They
could send any quantity of mail matter that they
might see fit at the rate of twenty-five cents a
pound, the amount that the express companies
charge; and they could swell the amount up to a
most indefinite sum. For my part, I never
would be in favor of any such proposition or any
such scheme unless it was surrounded by some
limitations, which I suppose the Senator from
Georgia must certainly have contemplated when
he suggested it to the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. They do not take any mail
or printed matter except what the Government
gives them.
Mr. LATHAM. They can take any amount
of mail matter, and all the printed matter. They
are bound to take it, and all the newspapers, and
all the Leslie's Magazines, and Harpers', and
Ledgers, and that class of periodicals that are
scattered over the State of California; and they
could swell this amount up to an enormous ex-
tent, making it just as much as they saw lit; if]
they were disposed, whieh I do not pretend to
charge, to treat the Government in an unfair man-
ner.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman
allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. LATHAM. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As I understood the
Senator from Georgia, the proposition was to
carry the franked or free matter for twenty-five
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not printed nmtter.
That would include all on which postage is paid;
but it is the free matter or franked documents.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 beg the pardon of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky I understand that was not
the offer. If I am wrong, the chairman of the
Committee on the PostOfhce and Post Roads will
correct me.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As I understood it, the
Senator from Georgia said the franked matter—
the free matter.
Mr. YULEE. The printed matter, I think.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have it here.
Mr. LATHAM. Then I will wait to hear
what the proposition is.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have a copy of the proposi-
tion made to the Post Office Department. I was
speaking by the card.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. We surely would not
pay them for carrying the newspapers.
Mr. LATHAM. I want to hear what it is.
Mr. TOOMBS. "To carry ail letters for the
postage thereon, and tocairy all printed matter at
twenty-five cents per pound; such being the min-
imum charge for transporting merchandise by last
express between New York and San Iwaneiseo;
that is, for ocean and Isthmus transportation."
Of course this means nothing more than carrying
such things as go through the mails, at twenty-
five cents a pound. I presume there is no printed
matter that goes through the mail for less than
that, nor for anything like that sum. I think it
would be the free matter and nothing else.
Mr. LATHAM. The proposition is just what
I thought it was: for printed matter. Now, the
Senator from Georgia, with all his intelligence,
has a very incorrect idea of the relation which the
franked documents bear to the printed matter sent
to that country. Why, sir, the quantity of mat-
ter, m the shape of magazines and periodicals,
that are sent to that country is perfectly enormous.
I do not know exactly the quantity. I am sure
if I were to state to the Senator the amount.of
printed matter which would be covered by that
proposition, lie would be surprised himself. ,
Mr. TOOMBS. If it goes through the mails;
does not the postage of the United States exceed,
twenty-five cents ? ,.
Mr. LATHAM. ^Thercisnolimitationupc>nit.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is true, that the papers are
carried, and we pay for them less than the or-
dinary goods, wares, and merchandise of the
people ? .
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir; almost for nothing.-
Mr. TOOMBS. It is the greatest fraud ever
perpetrated on a free people.
Mr. LATHAM. That may be. That is a
proposition I am not now disposed to argue as
germane to this amendment; but I am merely
taking the proposition as it is. I say that that
proposition means nothing more than simply this:
we will take the letter postage, and the printed
matter, whatever it may be—not franked matter,
because that is a very different thing, which
would rest entirely with the Representatives from
the Pacific States, as to the amount of matter
they might send—these papers, periodicals, &c.,
and charge upon them at the rate of twenty-five
cents per pound. Therefore, I s?.y that this com-
pany, or these contractors, whoever they might
be, if they were disposed to act fraudulently—
which, as I said, I do not pretend to charge, be-
cause I am only looking now to the law and to
the proper guarding of its terms—could swell it
up to a most enormous amount.
The Senator from Florida, in-his opposition to
this scheme, says you will find, in a very short
time, that this printed matter and these franked
documents will accumulate at the gorges of the
mountains, where the snows fall, until they
amount to a ton or a ton and a half a day, and
will then be used for the purpose ofbuildnig camp
fires, I think he said, and for other purposes,
which, of course, were not designed by those who
had sent them over the country to the Pacific
coast. Congress, in its beneficence, has already
given us a telegraph; and let me say to the Sen-
ator, .the very moment you establish this line,
amounting to a daily line, three times a week
over the Salt Lake route, and three times over the
Butterfield route, this immense amount of printed
matter will decrease; and whyThe only reason
why there is such a consumption of this printed
matter on the Pacific coast now, and why tire
country is flooded with these documents) arises
simply from the fact that they have such uncer-
tain and such seldom communication, and there-
fore the publishers of these magazines and papers
send them to California because they find a ready
market for them. Once you make a daily line,
once you allow communication to become inces-
sant and constant and certain, the publishers of
periodicals in the state of California—and there
is no country upon the face of the earth where
they arc so enterprising, or where they have car-
ried their newspaper improvements to a greater
extent—will curtail the necessity for these papers
and these periodicals, and there will not be such
an immense mass sent there.
But even supposing there is: who are the losers ?
If these enterprising men, the contractors across
the Salt Lake route, are willing to undertake it
for this sum of money, it is not the Government
that is to suffer. The contractors are to give
bonds for the faithful discharge of their duties.
They are liable upon those bonds for the riis-
1 charge of their duties; and if they fall, if the last
. resort has been tried, then the amendment that is
i befoic tin- Senate provides that the Postmaster
| General may contract with the steamship com-
] pany for carrying the mail by the Isthmus of
- Panama. I do not regard that argument as fcasi-
i bie at all, because every conceivable contingency
I that could happen has been provided for. It is
1 an experiment'worthy of trying; and if you fail
I m it, then the people of the West, the people of
j the Pacific, will all lie satisfied that it is one of
J those chimerical propositions which cannot been-
! tertainerl by the Government; and you will then
[ perfect a system by sending this great matter by
| ocean steamers, as is contemplated by the choir-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
| But I ask of the Senate, 1 ask of my Demo-
I cratic friends at least, to give us this experiment;
