1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
Mr. HILL. You may keep them open until
doomsday, and I will never enter. The party I
am with is good enough for me; and so long as
parties exist as they now are, I shall remain with
it; I shall go nowhere else. If there is a consti-
tutional party to be organized in the country, as
I have said, x stand ready to unite with those men
who will turn aside from the existing party divis-
ions, and come up to join that party. Many of
those-men I agree with, and many of them con-
cur with me in my Americanism. '"'"Let them for-
sake their prejudices and do this, and great good
will come to the country. I have but a word
more to say. As for the Americans of Massa-
chusetts,! have no doubt, in their heart of hearts,
that they now regret that they ever resorted to
the miserable humbug of slavery agitation, and
thus destroyed their party upon that isolated idea.
Slavery agitation is unworthy the support of any
Fortion of the people of this land. I speak what
know of the old Whig host, many of whose lead-
ers now sit as Republicans in this House, when I
say that in their very souls they sigh for the pure
days when, under tile peerless banner of Henry
Clay, they went out to battle, and there was
none of this wretched talk about slavery to be
heard. [Applause in the galleries.] You would
come back to that party if you could; then tear
down the black flag of anti-slaveryism, and once
more be as in the halcyon days of old, when na-
tional principles guided you, and thousands and
tens of thousands at the South welcomed you to
their arms as brethren. We would do so again.
Throw away this worthless agitation, as unworthy
of you, ana unite with the national men of the
South, and all other sections. I know how you
feel; and you can afford to do it. 1 appeal to you
by every motive of patriotism and policy to do it.
Policy with politicians, I know, is a thing which
will not be disregarded; and policy itself, m thun-
der tones, appeals to you to take the step.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from Texas
yield to rae a moment5
Mr. REAGAN. I will.
Mr. COX. I have only one word. The other
day, when a colloquy occurred between the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Hill] and myself, I
understood him to say there was no special union
between the Americans and the Republicans. I
wish to make a few observations, to prove what
{ said the other day, and it may assist my friend
in organizing the House. A gentleman over the
way [Mr. Dawes] said there was no dilTerence
in Massachusetts with respect to either the black
man or the white man; that they were treated
alike; that no more rights were given to the white
man than to the black, and no more rights given to
the black man than to the white. Now, my friend
from Georgia [Mr. Hill] may remember, and the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will
remember, that the Massachusetts Legislature,
with the aid of all the Republican votes there, and
in spite of the opposition of the Democrats in that
Legislature, passed a law submitting on amend-
ment to the Massachusetts constitution to the
v&ople, which provided that no adopted citizen
should be a voter in that State until two years after
he became a citizen of the United States. And
I will say to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Hill,] just here, that the American element m
that State of Massachusetts must have united with
the Republican clement to bring about such an
amendment. I know the Republicans arc in a
large majority in that State. But it was carried:
and now just look at it. What is the condiiion
of things in that State? Your negro runs away
from your plantation and goes to Massachusetts,
and after one year's residence there, ho is a voter
by law, and may even marry a white woman. He
goes to Massachusetts, and m one year becomes a
citizen, while a white man from abroad has to re-
main in that State seven years in all—five years
for naturalization, and two years afterwards—be-
fore he can become a citizen of the United States.
The white man, then, who comes from abroad is
at a disadvantage there, compared with the negro,
of aboutlive years; and in order to be placed upon
an equality, he must be dipped into the nitrate of
silver and come out all black. [Laughter.] Then,
and not till then, is he on an equality with the
black man in Massachusetts.
Such is the law and constitution of Massachu-
setts as it now exists. According to the law of
Massachusetts it is a positive disadvantage and
misfortune to be a white man there—a disadvan-
tage of five or six years to be a white man in that
State of equality, where these humanitarians re-
side, and where they love the human race with-
out respect to caste*6r color. "Where does that
leave my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Hill?] He
finds out that there is a complete union or thor-
ough mergingof the Americans and Republicans
there. I know my friend from Georgia cannot
approve of it; but he will recollect what I said the
other day: that there was a difference between the
Americans North and the Americans South, when
you come to analyze their principles.^ Here you
see it illustrated in Massachusetts. I am not sorry
to have had a discussion spring up in consefbence
of the remark of the gentleman, [Mr. Dawes.]
Now, the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Hill]
can perhaps see a basis upon which to organize
this House.
Mr. HILL. I would say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that Massachusetts is not so remark-
able as he imagines, perhaps, as a community in
which the white man is at a disadvantage with
the black man; for I tell the gentleman, with all
candor, that such is the condition upon some of
the plantations in the South. I know of many
instances in the slave States where men have
spent their lives in merely taking care of black
people. I did not suppose that Massachusetts
would put them at a disadvantage; but I know
and feel that what lie says is too true.
Massachusetts and South Carolina are the two
States, of all others in the Union, which have the
best systems of Americanism in operation. I
have no complaint to make of Massachusetts for
adding those two years to the term required under
the Federal statute, if she sees fit to do so. She
may have seen a necessity for it. Such a neces-
sity may not occur m the districtof the gentleman
from Ohio, but it may in other portions of his
State. As for the discrimination in favor of the
black man, I have no sympathy with it, certainly
none; and I hold that Massachusetts degrades
herself in putting the negro on an equality with
the white man at all. When a community does
that, however, it should not stop half way, but
should give them all the rights which belong to
the highest of the community. They should be
consistent. I am for keeping them in their proper
places. If you had all of th^m that are now in
the South, you would soon wish them back again,
and you would be compelled, some day or other,
to expel your negro population. In making tip
your free-State votes you have managed very
adroitly in bringing in the members of the old
Whig party, and possibly in getting a great many
from the Democratic party. And if you (the
Republicans) should succeed to the administra-
tion of this Government, you may oxpcct to see
recruits coming to you in accelerated numbers.
Mr. REAGAN. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts for a brief explana-
tion, and no further.
Mr. DAWES. I am obliged to tho gentleman
from Texas for this indulgence, that I might cor-
rect a misstatement the gentleman has made, for
I know Ins desire to treat this subject fairly; and
when he draws up his indictment against the
Republican party, I know he desires, as I do, that
it should contain nothing but facts. But passing
that over, I will say a few words to the gentle-
man from Ohio, and I have this to say: if he docs
not understand the politics of Ohio any better than
he does those of other States which he has given
expositions of, from time to time, upon this floor,
I wonder how he succeeded m getting into Con-
gress at last. Let me tell him about that amend-
ment of the constitution of Massachusetts; and,
m that connection, 1 will reply to the interroga-
tory of the gentleman Irom Georgia, [Mr. Hill.]
1 never did belong to the American party. I re-
spect very many men in that party, both North
and South, as pure patriots as there are in this
Union; but 1 never could subscribe to some of its
doctrines. There are two schools of politics in
this Union. I belong to that school which makes
no distinction among men, which believes that
this Government was instituted for men of what-
ever clime, condition, or complexion, and that it
was ordained to secure his inalienable rights of
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."
Mr. REAGAN. I suggest to the gentleman
that we cannot discuss two questions at a time.
Mr. DAWES. Now, sir, it is true that the
State of Massachusetts did adopt an amendment
of her constitution such as has oeen referred to,
following, in this respect, the example of South
Carolina. It was recommended originally by that
same Governor to whom my friend from Georgia
[Mr. Hill] has alluded. It is true that it was
opposed in the Legislature by the few Democrats
who were there; but it was adopted by the Legis-\
fcifure and submitted to the people. And, sir, I
have to say this, that when it was thus submitted
the entire Democratic party of Massachusetts staid
away from the polls, and refused to come out and
help that part of the Republican party of Massa-
chusetts which believes as 1 do, in votingit down.
If we could have got five thousand of the forty
thousand Democratic voters in Massachusetts
to have joined with us, this blot upon the fair
escutcheon of Massachusetts would never have
been there.
Mr. HILL. You look upon the Democratic
party of Massachusetts, then, as having got to be
pretty fair Americans?
Mr. DAWES. I have this to say—and it is in
connection with what the gentleman said in re-
gard to my remark about singing paeans to the
Union and! to the Constitution. He expressed
great surprise at hearing such a remark from me,
and said that he should glory in having it said of
him. I have no doubt he would, because every-
body would know that when he sang pscans to
the Constitution and the Union he meant it from
the bottom of his heart. No one has more re-
spect for the gentleman from Georgia than I have.
I have witnessed his course here in Congress, and
I know that he acts from sincerity of motives and
from the honest convictions of his heart. But,
sir, the men who sing paeans to the Constitution
and the Union in Massachusetts, I know also. I
know that Governor to whom the gentleman has
referred. I have served with him in that old Whig
party, about which the gentleman has said so
much, so properly and so worthily here. So long
as that Governor of Massachusetts could bask in
the sunshine of popular favor in Massachusetts,
no man would go further than he would in edu-
cating Massachusetts up to the point where she
now stands. He sought the nomination for Gov-
ernor in the first Republican convention thatever
was held in Massachusetts, and when he failed
to get that nomination, he turned his back upon
all his past professions and all "his principles, and
now he goes into Fancuil Hall and undertakes to
make our southern friends here believe that he is
really more for the Union than other men in Mas-
sachusetts are. And there is Caleb Cushing, who
began his public life by getting out of bed at mid-
night and dictatingfor the Abolitionists (not for the
Republican party of Massachusetts) an abolition
letter, [laughter,] and who has boxed the compass
in politics all the way round and all the way down
to the position he now occupies as a libeler of
Massachusetts. [Renewed laughter.] He, too,
goes into Faneuil Hall, and undertakes to berate
Massachusetts, the latchct of whose shoes he is
not worthy this day to unloose, because he is not
sincere, and knows better than to bring the foul
charge of disunion against the mother who bore
him. Massachusetts knows who is sinccrcly for
the Union there, who will fight for the Union,
who will spill the last drop of blood m defense of
the Union, whoever shall be elected President of
the United States. I join with my friend from
Georgia in singing pecans to the Union, and Mas-
sachusetts knows that I am sincere in it, as she
knows that all her delegation in this-House are
sincere in their devotion to the Union, and to the
ij Constitution too, and to all the compromises and
i| obligations of the Constitution, because they be-
ll lieve and know that the fulfillmentof them is con-
sistent with the security of every man's rights,
be he white or be he black, be he foreign or be he
native, North or South.
Now, I want to know if the gentleman remem-
bers how a distinguished Massachusetts man was
served in South Carolina when he was appointed
by the Governor of Massachusetts to go into that
|| State, and, by the forms of law, seek in the courts
ji of South Carolina to try the question whether in-
;j dividuals,citizensinM£issachusetts,hadtherights
of citizenship which are guarantied to them by the
Constitution of the United States, under a law of
South Carolina which a justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States had declared to be un-
constitutional, and which the Attorney General of
