1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have the power of coercing the attendance of ab-
sentees. That implies necessarily that those who
are here should remain. Here is the question I
want solved: have those who have the right to
compel the attendance of absent members the right
to excuse themselves, or to grant themselves leave
of absence? [Laughter.] If so, upon what con-
stitutional grounds do we excuse ourselves? [Re-
newed laughter.] How do we undertake to ex-
cuse members now here, when we have the Ser-
geant-at-Arms hunting up those who are absent?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If the gentleman from
Maryland will allow me, I will make a statement.
I think, if we will, we can accomplish something.
There are members enough outside the Hall who,
if admitted, will make a quorum, enable us to
finish the bill that we have in committee, and then
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Sergeant-at-
Arms wishes to make a report.
The Sprgeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar of the
House, havingin custody, under the orderof the
House, Messrs. Bare, Stanton, Edgerton,and
Stallworth.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Speaker, allow me to say
a word. [Cries of "Object!" "Object!"]
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw my appeal to
be excused from further attendance.
Mr. BOTELER. I understand, sir, that the
gentleman from Georgia is here contrary to the
advice of his physician, and I trust that wo will
do ourselves the credit of instantly excusing him
from further service. We all know how atten-
tive he has been to the business of the House.
I move that he have leave of absence for the re-
mainder of this sitting.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to grant-
ing leave of absence to the gentleman from Gcor-
gia?
There was no objection; and Mr. Gartrell
was unanimously granted leave of absence.
. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Baiui , you
have absented yourself from the sittings of this
House without the leave of the House, and being
brought to the bar of the House, you will state
what excuse you have to make for your absence.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know but it is the
duty of the Speaker [criesof " Order!"] to inquire
of the gentleman whetherhe has counsel. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BARR. If the gentleman wishes to vol-
unteer as counsel, I will accept his services; but
I cannot pay him any fee. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. The gentle-
man from New York seems very much embar-
rassed, and I move that he be excused upon the
payment of costs. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Nothing is in order, I
believe, until we have heard the excuse.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Excuses are first
to be heard, and motions can be made afterwards.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. But lie stands
mute. [Laughter.] He stands mute.
Mr. BARR. Gentlemen will not give me a
chance to be heard, for they all talk themselves.
For the last two or three days, in the neighbor-
hood of four or five o'clock, this House has been
in such tumult, noise, and confusion, that it has
made my head ache, and has obliged me to go out
to get the fresh air. It has been more like a town
meeting here than anything else; and I could not
stand it. I have no further excuse to offer; and
I have only to express the hope, in conclusion,
that gentlemen here will so conduct themselves
hereafter that others may not be driven away from
business. ■ If they will do that, I will remain here
and help them; but if they are going to hold town
meetings here every afternoon, I shall beg to be
excused.
Mr. GROW. I move that the gentleman be
excused upon the payment of the fees.
Mr. MILLSON. I move that he be fined ten
dollars and costs.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to amend
the amendment by excusing him unconditionally.
He is evidently deranged. [Laughter.] Why,
sir, would he have come back to this House had
he had not been deranged? I hope the House
will unanimously pass the amendment to the
amendment. Let us have no more trifling here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to say a word. I sub-
mitted the motion to the House because, if we
are engaged in the serious duty enjoined upon us
by the Constitution of compelling the attendance
of .absent members, we have the right to expect
that gentlemen who are delinquent, and brought
to the bar of the House in the custody of the offi-
cers of the House, would appreciate their own
position, and at least refrain from comments upon
the conduct of their triers, and offer such excuse
as the occasion seemed to render proper. If
we are merely enacting a farce, the sooner we
suspend proceedings and adjourn the better.
["Right!" "Right!"] But, if we are holding
gentlemen to a responsibility for their absence,
we have a right to expect that gentlemen will
observe, in the excuses they offer, at least a show
of respect for the authority of the House. Hav-
ing said thus much simply for the purpose of
vindicating the ground upon which I submitted
the motion, and, as the motion has not been here-
tofore usual, I withdraw it.
Mr. BARR. Far be it from me to do anything,
or to say anything, which would look like dis-
courtesy to this House. I was brought in here
under arrest; and if I have said anything or done
anything which looks like a breach of decorum,
or of the rules of this House, I am willing to
make the amplest apology for it, and to abide
by whatever judgment the House may see fit.to
pronounce upon me.
Mr. MILLSON. It is due to the gentleman
from New York to say that the remarks 1 sub-
mitted were addressed not so much to him as to
the general spirit in which these proceeding were
being conducted in this Hall.
The question was taken; and Mr. Barr was
excused on payment of fees.
Mr. Stanton's name was next called.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Stanton,
you have been absent from this House without
its leave. What excuse luivc you lo render forit?
Mr. STANTON. I am now in my seventh
session of service in this House, and this is the
first time I have been absent during a call of the
House. I came into the Hall at eleven o'clock
this morning, and remained until seven o'clock
this evening, in very good health; and conse-
quently my appetite admonished me that it was
time for dinner. I went to dinner; and while re-
turning I met the Scrgeant-at-Arms at the Capi-
tol steps, and here I am to submit to the demands
of the House, whatever they may be.
Mr.CRAIG,of Missouri. I move thatthegen-
tleman be excused, without the payment of fees.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to inform the House
that in all cases where gentlemen are excused
without the payment of fees, the contingent fund
of the House will he charged with the fees.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Then, with the
leave of the House, I will modify my- own mo-
tion, and move that the gentleman be excused
upon the payment of the fees, and I will say, at
the same time, that I would prefer that he should
be excused unconditionally.
Mr. STANTON. I do not desire to be an ex-
ception to the general rule.
Mr. BRANCH. By way of amendment, 1
submit the motion that the gentleman be excused
altogether. It is due that I should say that I
shall then recur to the case of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Barr,] and move to excuse him
also.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I think the
gentleman should be excused only upon the pay-
ment of costs, otherwise it is but a farce to send
the Sergeant-at-Arms after these absent gentle-
men. I like to see the House enforce its authority.
If gentlemen offer valid excuses, sufficient to jus-
tify their absence, that is enough. But the gentle-
man from Ohio comes in here and says he was in
fine condition, and that his good health had ad-
monished him that he had better get his dinner;
and upon his own responsibility, without asking
the consent of the House, and leaving other mem-
bers to take the responsibility of attempting to
discharge their duty to the country, he goes home
and gets his dinner. We have been here from
eleven o'clock until a quarter past eight without
food, and now the gentleman from Ohio, after hay-
ing fortified himself with a good dinner, comes in
here and submits himself to the judgment of the
House. I move that he be excused only upon the
payment of the fees.
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Branch to the motion; and it was not
agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Crahj, of Missouri, was
agreed to; and Mr. Stanton was excused upon
the payment of the fees.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. Mr.Edgerton,
you have Sbsented yourself from the House with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to offer for
that absence ?
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Speaker, for some
days past I have been hardly able to attend the
sittings of the House. I came here this morning
at the usual hour and remained here during the
day. I answered to my name on the call of the
House, and then went to my dinner, supposing
that I could return before another vote would be
taken. As I returned, I was met in the Hall by
one of the officers of the House. I venture to
say that, during the entire session, no member
has been more punctual in his attendance than ■
myself; but I do not say this in extenuation of
any punishment which the House may see proper
to inflict.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I move that
the gentleman from Ohio be excused,on the pay-
ment of costs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Stallworth next appeared at the bar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Stall-
worth, you have been absent from the House
without its leave. What excuse have you to
offer for your absence? •• '
Mr. STALLWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I was
in attendance during most of the day; and .not
feeling well, I paired off with Mr. McPherson.
Learning, when I was down in the city, that there
was some business going on at the House which
required the attendance of members, I got a hack
and wont to Mr. McPiidrson's lodgings. I could
not find him there, however. I came and reported
myself at the door, and was arrested by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms.
Ml'. MOORE, of Alabama. I did not hear my
colleague's name called among the absentees, or
1 should have announced the fact of his being in-
disposed, as it is known to the House that he has
been indisposed during the whole session.
Mr. HATTON. I move that the gentleman
from Alabama be excused unconditionally.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. And I move, as
an amendment to that, that he be excused from
further attendance this evening.
Mr. HATTON. I accept the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms here appeared at the
bar of the House, and announced that he had in
custody, in pursuance of the order of the House,
Messrs. Conkling, Clark of Missouri, and Ad-
rain.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Conkling,
you have been absent from the House without
leave. What excuse have you to render for your
absence ?
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I imagine
that I have as little excuse as any gentleman who
was absent. I will state here precisely the ex-
cuse which I have, and the excuse which I have
not.
Since 1 have been a member of the House,
which was only since the commencement of this
session, 1 have never been absent from this House,
on a pair or in any other way, except briefly and
casually, for some reason that presented itself at
the time. I have been here repeatedly, waiting
until long after my dinner hour, when there was
no quorum here, and when, on goingdown town,
I met a large number of gentlemen who had
dined an hour or two before. I admit that the
propriety and necessity of sitting here had be-
come very vague in my mind, learning, as 1
had done, that, us to the length of time the House
should sit, and whether it should accomplish any ,
business, was more a matter of caprice and tem-
porary arrangement than of system. I say this
without any disrespect to the House. Having
had occasion to leave my hotel at a very early
hour this morning, to attend to business, and hav-
ing taken breakfast very early, I found, after six:
o'clock, the need of my dinner; and, supposing
that the House was about to adjourn, I wentanu
dined. Learning afterwards that the House had
not adjourned, I returned here, and found the
doors closed. I did not meet the Sergeant-at-
Arms. It was after I entered that I learned that
there had been calls of the House, and that mem-
