32 M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
to dllovr the proposition to be tried; to let this
expe'ritfientgo into operation, in order that the peo-
ple on the Pacific may themselves see that the
demand they are making through their press,
through the public meetings, and through every
possible channel, is not feasible, and cannot be
carried out. As my colleague has told you, when
the Butterfield contract was first contemplated, it
was regarded as a perfect dream, existing only in
the minds of legislatoi's, incapable of any prac-
tical operation- It has proved now an absolute
reality. We want you to go a little further. We
want to see if you cannot give us not onlyadaily
mail, but, at the same time, send all the matter
across the continent; establishing settlements;
giving homes for settlers all along the route; for-
warding; the grearproject of this age—the Pacific
railroad. These companies of settlers would op-
erate as engineers; would find out the most feasi-
ble routes, the best places for watering; do that
for which the Government has already paid mil-
lions, and yet it has been done in so unsatisfac-
tory a manner. We desire that the tide of pop-
ulation that is setting out to the West shall not
be compelled to go seven thousand miles through
a foreign country, when they can go two thou-
sand miles through their own soil and reach the
point of their destination, and that, too,through a
salubrious climate, across a country governed by
your own laws. If 1 chose to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate, I could recall the tact that the
progress of California has been nothing but one
struggle, all the time, with vicissitudes and with
obstacles thrown around it by the action of the
General Government. The blood of your citi-
zens, shed upon the Isthmus of Panama, which
has never been redressed oravenged; the outrages
that have been committed upon your own people,
enterprising in their character, pushing forward
the destiny of your Government to the Pacific
coast, should plead to the Government, if no other
consideration does, to go forward and do this
Work necessary to carry out our destiny and our
progress.
The Senator from Georgia told you, and ap-
pealed to the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Col-
lamer] to prove it, that this proposition involved
an expenditure of one half the total expenditures
for the Post Office Department during the first
twenty or twenty-five years of the existence of the
Government. Senators need but recall the fact
that you have now got on the Pacific coast an
empire almost equal to that which belonged to the
original thirteen States. The country has spread
out since. He seems to argue like a Senator who
had belonged, and belonged now, to the conti-
nental Congress. He seems to forget that, in-
stead of having three million, you have now got
thirty million people to provide for. He seems
to forget, instead of having thirteen States sparsely
settled 
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not want to interrupt the
Senator in his enthusiasm, but I said that was
but ten years ago; and we have not increased from
three to thnty million since 185J.
Mr. LATHAM Then I misunderstood the
period alluded to by the Senator; but my argu-
ment still has the same force and an equal appli-
cation. Your country has extended itself. You
have the Pacific coast to provide for; and it is for
you to say, and that is the only proposition here,
whether by voting for this amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts you will give us
the same mail facilities that you have provided
for the east; whether you will give us a line of
emigration across your continent that can bp pro-
tected by your own people; that can be free, not
only from the inclemencies of climate, but from
passing through an unfriendly people, over a
foreign soil; and, at the same time, add to the
wealth and strength and greatness of the country,
by settling up the intermediate territory between
the Atlantic States and the Pacific coast.
Mr. President, I do not feel like occupying the
attention of the Senate further on this subject.
These are some considerations that appeared to
me to be proper to present. If the Senate is to
regard this question solely in an economical view,
I think I have satisfied them that the excess they
will have to pay under the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, over what they are now
paying, does not exceed $487,000 and a fraction.
Mr. MASON. I wish to call to the notice of
the Senate the text that, 1 fear, is rapidly becoming
obsolete—I mean the Constitution of the United
States—and to one of the articles that is very sel-
dom adverted to. There is a very short line
which gives to Congress the power<e to establish
post offices and post roads." I think that is all
there is in the Constitution relating to this Post
Office establishment. Iam not aware of anything
else in the Constitution. If there is anything else,
Senators will call my attention to it. I should
like, also, to call the attention of the Sen-ate to the
fact that in the wisdom of those who framed the
Government, under the Constitution, they formed
Executive Departments, and one of those Execu-
tive Departments is that of the General Post Of-
fice. The theory of the Government was based
upon that short line of the Constitution, that the
Government was to become simply the earner of
the mails, and thatcommerce,und those who sent
letters by the mails, were to pay for the transpor-
tation. That was the theory of the Government,
and a long time we were kept within those limits.
If I am subject to correction, I would be grat-
ified for any Senator to correct mc. The first in-
stance that I know of a departure, in which the
legislative department trenched upon the execu-
tive department, was in this grand New York
scheme to carry the mails across the Atlantic in
steamers; where Congress was called upon, in
the mercantile language, to pay subsidies to com-
merce. They were called upon to make large
subsidies, gratuitous contributions from the com-
mon purse, for purposes of commerce, to carry
these mails across the Atlantic, under the deceptive
and fraudulent idea that wc must enter into com-
mercial competition with Great Britain for carry-
ing these mails. Then for the first time—if I am
wrong let gentlemen correct me—Congress un-
dertook the administrative department of the Gov-
ernment; and they undertook it with a strong hand.
They took those mails 
Mr. RICE. I merely wish to remind the Sen-
ator, as he asked others to put him right if he
was in error, that many years ago Congress made
appropriations for constructing wagon roads in
the States, for the purpose of transporting the
mails over thorn. 1 think that was one of the
first departures from the principle which he has
now announced.
Mr. MASON. Unless the Senator will specify
the wagon roads, I cannot take issue with him.
If he does, [ think I can.
Mr. RICE. I cannot refer to the dates, but I
will state there wore one or two in Tennessee.
Betwf-en 1820 and 1836 there were several appro-
priations made by Congress, under that very
clause of the Constitution which he has just read,
for constructing roads over which to carry the
mails. Lands were given for that purpose in the
State of Indiana and in his own State. I do not
know whether to carry the mails or for what; but
hundteds of thousands were appropriated for the
Cumberland road. A large appropriation was
made for building a road in "Virginia by the Con-
gress of the United States; and the State of Vir-
ginia erected toll gates upon that rOad, and made
the people of all the States pay for traveling over
it after they had built it. Then Congress again
gave one or two million dollars for constructing
a canal from Alexandria up into the mountains,
to bring down the wealth of the mountain regions,
their coal, flour, and produce, into the State of
Virginia; and perhaps it was done under that very
clause of the Constitution that he has just read.
I hope he will pardon me for not being well posted;
for I am a young member, and do not take much
impression of these things.
Mr. MASOJN. I will not be diverted from what
I was on. I will answer the Senator presently
as to his reference.
I say the first instance I know of in which the
Treasury was subsidized for the purpose of car-
rying the mail for commercial purposes was m the
instance where, under the fraudulent pretext that
we were to compete with England on the ocean,
they taxed the Treasury hundreds of thousands
of dollars toestablishacommunication from New
York to Liverpool. They did more. Congress
then took out of the hands of the Executive and
from the General Post Office that part of the postal
system, and transferred it to the Navy Depart-
ment, upon the still more fraudulent idea that
they were to build ships of war. We know how
that ended. That line broke down, with all the
eubsidieswhichhadbeen imposed uponthe Treas-
ury; and now, so far as I am informed, the postal
intercourse between this continent and Europe is
open to competition.
Now, what is proposed? That we shall take
from the Department, which ought to be informed,
and I take it fur granted is informed, of the best '
mode of carrying the mails from the Atlantic
slope to the Pacific slope, all discretion whether
they shall send it by steam across the Isthmus or
Central America, or whether they shall send it,
atan increased cost,across the continent—all this
upon that short passage in the Constitution, that
"Congress shall establish post offices and post
road§." Weil, what has been the result? The
Post Office has become a burden upon the Treas-
ury, a cost that is increasing every day; and there
is a tendency, so far as I can see it, on the part
of Congress to increase that cost.
Why, sir, -s^iat is this thing of carrying letters,
this postal system? For wise purposes, I dare
say, for the convenience of the Confederacy, by
the Constitution that was left in the hands of the
Federal Government. They shall be the carriers
of the mails to establish post offices and post
roads; and now gentlemen get up here with an
honesty and a frankness that becomes them, but,
in my honest judgment, with a total disregard of
all constitutional restraint, and say, " Well, but
you should contribute largely for this thing, be-
cause you will populate the country; you will
carry civilization into the wilderness; you will
increase the value of your public lands; you will
establish military posts to keep off the Indians;
all that in carrying commercial letters or business
letters from one point to another. Sir, that is not
the Government into winch I was introduced; it
is not the Government that my people recognize;
it is not the Treasury to which my people con-
tribute, if it is to be—I do not use the term in an
offensive sense—subdivided in this collateial man-
ner to carry out schemcs to populate one portion
of the country at the expense of another.
I am not conversant with the amendment, or
the amendment to the amendment; but I shall
vote against them in every form or shape, unless
the responsible head of the executive department
comes before Congress and tells us that that is
the cheapest way, and the most expeditious way
combined with cheapness, to carry the mail from
the Atlantic States to the Pacific slope. That is
all the inquiry I will make of any kind or de-
scription. I know, sir, that there may be a pol-
icy—I have heard it out of doors. I have no idea
that those gentlemen who ad vocatc this particular
amendment come into that policy, and I do not
believe they do; but 1 know there is a policy out
of doors to increase the demand upon the Trea-
sury, that they may increase the taxes. That is
the scheme. I acquit honorable gentlemen who
are interested m this particular route from any
purpose of that sort. I know there is that gen-
eral scheme in one section of this country against
the other, to increase the demand upon the Treas-
ury, that they may have an excuse to increase
the texes.
Now, sir, my plan would be, so far as I have
a vote here, to diminish the general charge in
every possible form. 1 will go with him who
goes furthest, to ghc all these facilities of inter-
communication by means of the Post Office be-
tween one section of the country and another,
provided it comes from the Department upon their-
responsibility, to tell us that that is the cheapest
and the mostcxpeditious route, utterly regardless
whether it goes across the continent, or whether
it goes by sea, or where it goes. The man who
receives the letter has a right to inquire whether
it came by the speediest route within the reach of
economical expenditure; but no further right—
none whatever. 1 know wc have appropriated
here, from time to time, hundreds of thousands
of dollars to open ways across the continent to
carry the mails. I know I never voted for one
of them. I know that our fellow-citizcns in Cal-
ifornia have no right to ask of this Government
anything more than that they will give them this
postal intercommunication by the most expedi-
tious route that is consistent with a prudentecon-
omy, and nothing more than that.
Sir, who pays this money into the Treasury?
I know it is paid bya system of indirect taxation;
and at the commercial points where the money is
collected they presume to say they pay. They
have not paid adollarofit,orcomparattvelyvery
