THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
bets had been sent for. I consider this but a very
little and scanty excuse; but, in that respect, J
am like the man who had a very bad cold, but
said it was the best he had. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I «nove that
the gentleman from New York be excused, on the
payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Adrain,
you have been absent from the House without
leave. What excuse have you to render for your
absence?
Mr. ADRAIN. Mr. Speaker, I did not know
that I-was a prisoner until this moment. I came
here this evening, entered by the door, and took my
seat. 1 left here about half past four in the after-
noon. I was not well, and have not been well for
some days. I was obliged yesterday to leave the
House, and I was also obliged to leave it to-day.
I returned to my room, and laid down. After
waking up and rising-, I learned that the House
was still in session. Anxious to discharge my
duties, as I am in the habit of doing, I immedi-
ately came up here. That is all I liave to say on
the subject.
Mr. 'HARRIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from New Jersey has made an excuse about half
food. I move that he be excused on payment of
alf the fees. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the motion by making it " on payment of
the usual fees."
The amendment was agreeed to; and the mo-
tion, as amended, was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Clark, of
Missouri, you have been absent from the House
without leave. What excuse have you to render
for your absence?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I do not know,
Mr. Speaker, that I have any excuse to offer. I
was in the House from the hour of meeting, this
morning, till after six o'clock. I then went to get
my dinner, and on my way bark here, I met the
messenger of the Sergeant-at-Arms. The House
will bear me witness, that so long as 1 have been
in Congress I have been always as regular in my
attendance as any member of the House; that I
never absent myself from my duties, but am al-
ways here to answer to my name. I supposed,
when I went out this afternoon, that I could get
back before the next vote was taken. On my
way back I was arrested at the door. I submit
these remarks to the House, and the House will
dispose of me as it thinks proper.
Mr. GROW. Having no doubt that (he gen-
tleman from Missouri will "roost lower" during
the rest of his life, I move that he cxcused on
payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared and reported
that, in pursuance of the order of the House, he
had arrested and had at the bar Mr. Martin, of
Ohio.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Martin,
you have been absent from the House without
leave. What excuse have you to render to the
House for your absence ?
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. Well, sir, I washun-
fry, I believe, and left the House at a very late
our. I was subsequently informed that the
House had adjourned; but I find out now that I
was mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that my colleague
be discharged on the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to in-
quire if there is a quorum now present?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is in-
formed that there aie only one hundred and eight
> members present in the Hall.
Mr. BRANCH moved to dispense with further
proceedings in the call.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSTON. My colleague, Mr. Tapfan,
retired from the Hall some time since, too ill to
remain here. I did not know of the fact when the
absentees were called for excuses, or I should
have announced the fact then. I move that he be
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared, and re-
ported that, in pursuance of the order of the
House, he had Mr. Peyton in custody at the bar
of the House. - <*. -
The SPEAKER pro tempore inquired what ex-
cuse the gentleman from Kentucky had to render
to the House for his absence.
Mr. PEYTON. I remained here til] about five
o'clock, when I got very hungry and left, sup-
posing that the House would adjourn in a few
minutes. I did not know to the contrary until I
saw the light up here, when I returned immedi-
ately. I hope the House will excuse me for my
fidelity in returning voluntarily. I was not ar-
rested by the Sergeant-at-Arms until I got to the
door.
Mr. CRAIG-, of Missouri, moved that the gen-
tleman be discharged on payment of fees.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, moved as an
amendment that the gentleman be discharged for
going away, on paying fees, and be discharged for
coming back for nothing. [Laughter.]
Theamendment was disagreed to.
Mr. Craig's motion was then agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared, arid re-
ported Mr. Phelps as in custody at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore put the usual ques-
tion to Mr. Phelps, what excuse he had to ren-
der to the House for his absence.
Mr. PHELPS. None, except that it suited my
pleasure. I remained here until six o'clock, when,
having been in the Capitol for eight hours in the
discharge of my duties, and needing some refresh-
ment, I concluded to go and get it.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri., As my colleague
is an ancient gentleman, [laughter,] the oldest
member of the House, and has given a tolerable
excuse for bis absence, I move that he be dis-
charged on payment of a fine of §2 50, and the
usual fees.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the mo-
tion by increasing the fine.
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. I hope the gentle-
man will remember my colleague's_age. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CONKLING. I do remember the vener-
ation due to the gentleman from Missouri, and
that is the reason, in part, why 1 make the mo-
tion. The gentleman is not onlya distinguished
and very experienced member of this House, but
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means;
that committee to which we are indebted for the
regularity of our adjournments, and the great
economy of tune m Staying here calling the yeas
and nays, and then never surrendering to that
call, but always going on and completing some
legitimate business. The gentleman being a mem-
ber of that committee, and the House being under
such great obligation to that committee in the
regard which I have indicated, as to establish in
my mind a respect for every member of the com-
mittee, 1 offer this amendment: that the fine be
doubled, and that the gentleman be discharged on
payment of costs and a fine of five dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me that the
remark made by the gentleman from New York
in respect to the Committee of Ways and Means
is entirely gratuitous. That committee have been
laborious in honestly attending to their duties. I,
as the representative of that committee, have been
here, and have not called the yeas and nays or
wasted time in any way. I have spent no time
in improper debate. The remark made by the
gentleman was, in my judgment, highly improp-
er, and one that ought never to have been made
upon this floor; and it seems to me that the gen-
tleman, in his first experience here, in arraigning
others in the manner which he has done, has sub-
jected himself to the common judgment of every
member of this House that he has passed upon
us.
Mr. CONKLING. In reply to the remark of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I will say, what, perhaps, I need not
say, that I intended, by my remark, no disrespect
whatever to him. I did not even refer to him,
and certainly not offensively. I will say to that
gentleman, further, that,although my experience
in this House has been very brief, it has been
sufficient to enable me to observe him as a mem-
ber of this House, and to appreciate the reasons
which entitle him to lecture other members of
this body. And I will add to this remark, that
when I seek for a model by which to guide my
parliamentary life, there are othermembers of this
body whom I should prefer to the very distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio, who has taken the
liberty of administering to me a rebuke on this
occasion.
' Mr. SHERMAN. I should be very sorry for
the gentleman to pattern after me, as I shall cer-
tainly not after him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair must
arrest this description of debate.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds, I desire to say, what I am reminded that I
omitted to say, that I certainly meant no sort of
disrespect to the gentleman from Missouri; and,
indeed, my whole remark was intended merelyas
a playful one. If it was understood otherwise, I
was unfortunate, and it must have been because
of my manner. Itcertainly was not my intention.
Mr. PHELPS. I rendered an excuse. I am
a plain man, and generally speak as I think and
feel. I have been punctual in my attendance upon
this House; seldom absent during any sitting. I
was present in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to-day until the committee
had gone through with the bill; and, supposing
the committee would immediately rise, and the
vote be taken in the House on the bill to-morrow,
having urgent business at my room, for the pur-
pose of furnishing one of my colleagues with a
papei which he desired, I absented myself from
the House at that time.
Mr. GROW. Every member will bear testi-
mony to the punctuality of the gentleman from
Missouri, as well as his application to the busi-
ness of the House. I move that he be excused,
on payment of costs.
Mr. ASHMORE. I wish to say to the House
that before leaving the House I was very unwell,
and being unable to remain longer, I paired off
and left the Hall.
Mr. GROW. The House has excuscd the
gentleman.
Mr. ASHMORE. So lam informed; and I
am under great obligations for it. I merely de-
1 sired to put myself right.
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared, and re-
ported Mr. Noell at the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Noell, you
have been absent without the leave of the House,
and against its order. What excuse have you to
render?
Mr. NOELL. I have no excuse to offer, ex-
cept that, at the time I left the Hall, it was about
five o'clock, and near the usual hour of adjourn-
ment; and, supposing the committee would rise
immediately, I went home to my dinner. If I
had been aware that the House was to remain in
session, I should have remained here. I will
state that I am in the habit of rising very early,
and of getting to this House at about eight o'clock
in the morning, which is, I presume, earlier than
most members rise.
Mr. EDGERTON. As the gentleman from
Missouri is the earliest riser in the House, I move
that he discharged unconditionally.
Mr. WOODRUFF. I move that he be dis-
charged on payment of fees.
The amendment was agreed to; and the mo-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
The Sergeant-at-Arms again appeared and re-
ported the presence of Messrs. Wilson and Rice.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Would it be in order to
move that all further proceedings in the call be
dispensed with?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not until the
gentlemen who have been brought in by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms have been heard. Mr. Rice, you
have been absent from the House without its
leave and against its order. What excuse have
you ?
Mr. RICE. I desire to state that, having been
in the House, with the exception of a few min-
utes of time, since eleven o'clock this morning
until seven this evening, I went to my lodgings
for the purpose of some refreshment, supposing
when I left that the House would adjourn within
a few minutes. Having heard in the street that
the House was stillin session, without any official
notice of the fact, 1 came here, found the door
open, and walked in. That is the only excuse I
have to offer.
