336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4.
the United States had declared to be unconstitu-
tional ? Does he remember how that gentleman
was driven from the borders of the State?
Mr. REAGAN. I really cannot permit the
gentleman tp go into this new subjcct.
Mr. McOTEEN. -That subject has been so
often referred to in this House and the Senate that
I do not feci called upon to reply to the gentleman
from Massachusetts,furtherthanto say thatwhen
that gentleman, Mr. Hoar, whom I suppose he
alludes to, was sent to South Carolina to interfere
with the institutions of the State and with an act
of the Legislature, passed for the protection of our
citizens against the emissaries of Abolitionists at
the North, and the landing of free negroes to in-
terfere with them, Mr. Hoar was invited to leave
and made to leave; and South Carolina will act
similarly when anybody comes from your State
. for a similar purpose, or from any other State.
Mr. DAwES. No doubt you would.
Mr. REAGAN. I must object,! ?epeat,tothe
introduction of a new subject.
Mr. DAWES. I will not dispute with the gen-
tleman from South Carolina as to what was the
object of his State in passing that law. That is
their business, and not oitrs. I will only say that
Virginia, during the last year, has followed the
example of Massachusetts, and appointed a gen-
tleman to go to NcwYorkto contest the rightsof
her citizens in the courts of New York. But when
Massachusetts selected one of her noblest sons,
and he went to South Carolina, deporting himself
decently and cjuietly there, as became a good cit-
izen, seeking 111 the courts of that State to try a
question which had at least doubt aboutit,as the
Attorney General of the United States had pro-
nounced the law unconstitutional, and a justice
of the Supreme Court, residing in South Carolina,
had given there an opinion that it was unconsti-
tutional, he was invited, as the gentleman from
South Carolina is pleased to say, and compelled
to leave the State. And yet that gentleman and
his associates upon this floor complain of Massa-
chusetts, and bring charges against her that she
will not let southern men come into her courts
and assert their rights. Those charges, sir, have
no foundation in fact; all the courts of Massa-
chusetts are open to every man, be he from the
North or from the South.
A word further to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Cox.] While I have heard him before to-
day assail this provision of the constitution of
Massachusetts, to which reference has been made
here, I have never heard him say anything about
a similar provision in the constitution or in the
laws of South Carolina. "What is the reason ?
Mr. COX. That provision is not in the laws
of youth Caiolina. I have read the law referred
to, and it provides that no man, whether he bo a
native or an adopted eiti'/eu, shall be a voter in
South Carolina until after two years' residence.
It makes no discrimination Against adopted citi-
zens or white men—none. The gentleman seems
to impute to ni'' some ignorance with respect to
malleig connected with the laws of other States.
Yet he does not dare say that I have misstated the
amendment to the constitution of his State, or the
effect of Massachusetts law allowing the negro to
vote after one year's residence only. He himself
says this amendment is a blot upon the escutcheon
of Massachusetts. If it be so, then there is no
equality between white and black in his State; for
the white man is placed beneath the negro! But
th«' gentleman says, further, that lie cannot under-
stand how it was that 1 happened to get into Con-
gress with these mistakes ofminc. I hardly know
whether lie means to apply the iemark to me or
to my constituency. All I have to say about it is
this: that the Union and the Constitution is the
watchword with us; and when the gentleman calls
in question the sincerity and patriotism of such
men as Cushing and Everett, all 1 have to say in
reply is, that if the Union-loving and Constitu-
tion-loving sentiments pronounced by these gen-
tlemen at their Union meeting were to strike in
upon the bram of the delegation on this floor from
Massachusetts, there would run a fit of catalepsy
through the vvIkjIc delegation. [Laughter.]
Mr, HARDEMAN. Will the gentleman from
Texas allow mo to say a word m reply to the gen-
tleman from Ohio?
Mr. REAGA N. I cannot yield the floor further.
Mr. HARDEMAN. What 1 have to say is
to a certain extent in the nature of a personal ex-
planation. If I understood the gentleman from
Ohio correctly, he makes the assertion that the
South Americans on this floor are in alliance with
the Black Republicans.
Mr. COX. Mr. Clerk, I said the other day that
there was a closer affinity between them than
between the South Americans and the Democrats;
and I believe it. And now I will say just here, that
before this Congress met, I saw the Richmond
Whig, one of the organs of the South Americans,
express a strong desire for an organization ofthe
House by a union of the Opposition. I saw the
same thing&in the Louisville Journal, in the Balti-
more Patriot, and in Brownlow's paper. A gen-
tlumuff from Baltimore, now on this floor, also was
reported to have favored such a union. If this
advice had been followed, and had the affair of
John Brown at Harper's Ferry not happened,
there would have been such a union this aay in
the organization of the House.
Mr. REAGAN. I mustpositively decline any
further interruptions. I took the floor this morn-
ing for the purpose of trying to do some good;
but these interruptions have certainly for their
object the defeat of that purpose.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I will say to the gentle-
man that my object was to accomplish no such
thing.
Mr. REAGAN. I cannot yield further.
Mr. HARDEMAN. One word further. I say
to the gentleman fr°m Ohio, in behalf of those
with whom I act, that there is no alliance, and
never has been, between us and the Black Repub-
licans; that when the charge is made it should be
denied; and that, as an humble representative on
this floor of the southern Opposition, I am here
to say, so far as 1 am concerned, that the charge
is false.
Mr. COX. Allow me to say that 1 have not
charged that a union has heretofore been com-
pleted between the two parties. I said that, by
the Richmond Whig, the Louisville Journal, and
other organs of the party, you were urged to do
so; and it has been stated that, if it hod not been
for the Harper's Ferry affair, you would have
accomplished that oigamzation. But, air, I am
willing to say that there are certain gentlemen
upon this floor, South Americans—and 1 include
the gentleman, my friend here, [Mr. Hiu,]-*-who,
I believe,would nofchave united with the Republi-
cans m any event.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Then,sir, I am satisfied,
and have nothing more to say.
Mr. Mallory, Mr. Boteler, Mr. Hatton,
and several others, rose to speak.
Mr. REAGAN. I am sorry that I cannot yield
the floor, but. 1 cannot give way further. With
all respect, L will say to these gentlemen that my
object in obtaining the floor this morning was to
say something for the purpose of promoting the
organization of the House; but, by these inter-
ruptions, indiscretions have been permitted which
gentlemen ought not to have indulged m. These
interruptions are especially unfortunate, in so far
as they have given rise to quarrels between Amer-
icans and Democrats which, if they desire to pre-
serve the Constitution of the country, should have
been avoided by them. It is withthis view, hav-
ing this purpose—and I trust all will concede that
it is a patriotic purpose—that I cannot permit fur-
ther interruptions in the midst of my speech.
Mr. MALLORY. What I liave to say will, I
trust, facilitate theobjectofthe-gentleman'sspeech.
I do not want to embarrass the gentleman.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman has any mat-
ter personal to himself, I will yield cheerfully.
Mi. MALLORY. It is in partpcrsonnl. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] has charged that
the Louisville Journal, a paper published m the
commercial emporium of my State, proposed an
alliance prior to the assembling of this Congress,
between the Opposition parly ofthe South and the
Black Republicans. I say that that assertion has
no warrant in point of fact. I say that the Louis-
ville Journal, and I believe the Richmond Whig
represented that there was a large and patriotic
party which had elected their members to tins
House, not called by the name of Republicans,
particularly in the States of Pennsylvania and
New York, and on the assembling of Congress,
it was intimated that the southern Opposition
might unite with this patriotic party for the or-
ganization of the House. I came here with the im-
pression existing upon my mind that there would
be an effort upon the part of those gentlemen to
unite with our friends to organize the House; but
when they gave in their adhesion to the nominee
of the Republican party, all possibility of a doubt
upon the subject was removed.
I will also remark before I take my seat, and
my friend from Texas will pardon me for the ob-
servation, thatwhen gentlemen here make charges
that the Americans in the North and in the South
hold diverse sentiments, it would be well for-tliem
to recollect thtit there is some difference among
Democrats at the North and South. I will ask
the gentleman from Texas himself, whether he
docs not entertain opinions in relation to the pow-
ers of Congress, and in relation to the powers of
squatters in the Territories, over the subject of
slavery, which those with whom he voted for Mr.
Bocock, of Virginia, didnotentertain, and which
that gentleman himself [Mr. Bocock] does not
entertain?
Mr. REAGAN. I do not want this matter to
be brought into my speech. The gentleman must
see that it is foreign to the purpose of my speech.
Mr. MALLORY. I beg; the gentleman s par-
don. I will not interrupt him further than to say
in relation to those clected by the People's party
in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, that they have
to some extent not disappointed my expectations,
but have displayed a magnanimity and patriotism
for which I commend them. These gentlemen
have come up to the aid of our friends by giving
their votes for a southern man from the State of
North Carolina, and the Democrats refused to
give us that aid.
Mr. BOTELER. Witli the permission of the
gentleman, I wish to say one word, and but a
single word. I desire, sir, in the name of the
ninety-five thousand Whigs of Virginia, and who
have no voice to speak for them upon this floor,
to say that there never was an hour when any
considerable portion of them, in that old Com-
monwealth, contemplated any alliance with the
Republicans of the North for any purpose; and,
Mr. Clerk, if the Richmond Whig ever did give
utterance to such a suggestion, I say that it did
not speak for the Whigs of Virginia—flint it spoke
for itself. It spoke for itself; and the sentiment,
if uttered in the terms of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] must have been repudiated by
every man in Virginia. I am sure that it was by
the Whigs of Virginia; for, sir, there never was
an hour there when the Whigs of that State could
by any possibility, for any purpose, affiliate with
the Republicans of the North. I could have
hoped, too, that the action of their Representative
upon tins floor would have spared them the charge,
even by implication, which comes from the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. COX. So far as the gentleman is con-
cerned, I fre< ly award to him the most perfect in-
tegrity of purpose; and 
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to further inter-
ruption of the gentleman from Texas.
Mr. COX. I understand, from those around
me, that my lemark as to the Louisville Journal
is correct.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I must arrest the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. COX. Let the gentleman show his war-
rant of arrest. [Laughter.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I think that this inter-
locutory discussion has gone fnr enough.
Mr. HATTON. Mr. Clnrk, I have not ad-
dressed the House during this session, and it was
not my puipose tu do so until after the organiza-
tion. 1 fid it to be due to myself, however, as
an individual, to male1 a single remark. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] stated, a moment
since, in his grave opinion, that had it not been
for the recent foray at Harper's Ferry, myself
and my party would have been in alliance with
the Black Republicans upon this floor. Do I un-
derstand the Gentleman correctly?
Mr. COX. T .said simply what everybody here
heard, that the organs'of your party edvised such
a union. I said that I could prove it; and, &ir, I
am icady at any time to prove it.
Mr, HATTON. I ask the gentleman what it
was exactly that he said.
Mr. COX. I made no personal application of
my remarks to any gentleman upon this floor.
Mr, HATTON. Then there is nothing be-
tween us.
Mr. COX. I will put the gentleman right, if
