1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
little. I know that at these commercial points
they presume to say, because the money is col-
lected there, that they contribute it. it is false—
utterly false—both in theory and in fact. The
producers pay it. Those unconscious country-
men who are cultivating the soil, and who con-
sume the imports, pay it, without knowing the
point at which it arrives in the country. The
great commercial points comparatively pay noth-
ing. They collect it; and when they are collect-
ing it they take care, as commerce always takes
care, to tax it only for their own selfish uses.
The money is paid into the Treasury by the pro-
ducers, not by those who make the exchanges;
and the exchanges are made only at the commer-
cial points. We are asked to tax that Treasury,
which is contributed by these producers, for the
puipose of this commercial intercourse. Who
enjoys its advantages? I do not know exactly
the form in which the thing stands, but I will vote
for none of it, in any form or shape, unless we
have it from the responsible head of the Depart-
ment, under the assurance—having the whole
ground before him, as he does—that that is the
speediest route consistent wilh an economical
expenditure. That is the only light in which I
view it.
Now a word to the honorable Senator from
Minnesota. I know theic was a period in the
lax administration of this Government, when,
under this power to establish post offices and post
roads, an Administration—I think there was but
one, the administration of the younger Adams—
claimed the right to make roads under the right
to establish roads; and under that system he did
make, so far as I recollect, or assumed to make,
commenced to make, various roads. I know it
was resisted by the youth us at war with the let-
ter of the Constitution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not remember that
any loads were made.
Mr. MASON. I know they attempted to make
roads. 1 know they sent engineers through Vir-
ginia, exploring roads and promising- them- I
do not know that they were made. As to the
Cumberland road, to which the Senator from Min-
nesota has adverted, he has changed its history.
That road was made under a construction of the
compact under which Ohio came into the Union,
by which it was considered that the Federal Gov-
ernment was under <111 obligation to put the State
of Ohio into communication with the Atlantic
waters, and the road was made; but the honora-
ble Senator is entirely mistaken when he says
Virginia claimed a right to put toll gates upon
that road. 1 will tell the honorable Senator what
he adverts to. The Federal Government broke
down in the administration of the road. They
made the road, and found they had no power to
administer it. They had no power to keep it up.
They could not put up toll gates. They could
not exact toll, even for the purpose of keeping up
the road; and it was surrendered to the States
through which it passed; and then the States
placed these toll gates upon it, for the purpose of
keeping it up; but not until the surrender was
made. The honorable Senator, therefore,is mis-
taken in his history.
Mr. RICE. Not at all.
Mr. MASON. Very well, sir; show it.
Mr. RICE. I can say, so fai as Virginia is
concerned, that in tiavelmg over the road made
by the Genera! Government, to which all the peo-
ple, thobe who tilled the soil as well as the balance,
contributed, I have paid tolls myself. It was the
policy of the Government, from the days of Wash-
ington down to the time General Jackson vetoed
the Maysville road bill, to make these appropria-
tions for roads. They were made for nearly all
the States of the Union down to the time of the
veto of the Maysville road. They appropriated
money for a road from here to Philadelphia. They i
made several appiopuations for roads in Ten-
nessee. They made them for Missouri. They
made them for nearly all the old States.
Mr. YULEE. ^States?
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir, States. Here is one
passed in J81G. That was when the Government
was in its purity—the good old days of the Gov-
ernment when they did not deviate from the Con-
stitution, but followed it literally;
" That the sum of §10,000 be, and the same is hereby,
appiopriated. and payable out of any moneys in the Tieas-
iny not otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of repair-
ing, and keeping m repair the road between Columbia, on
Duck river, in the State of Tennessee, and Madisonvilie,
in the {State of Louisiana, by the Choeuuv agency; and also
the load between Fort Hawkins, in the Stale of Georgia,
and Fort Stoddard, under the direction of the Secretary of
War."
Mr. YULEE. Those were Indian roads.
Mr. RICE. No, sir; they were not Indian
roads. There were one or two appropriations
made by Congress for roads in Tennessee, in
which'it was stated that the money should be ex-
pended only in the Indian country; but here are
appropriations for laying out roads between here
and Philadelphia, and all through the old States.
I have not the time now; but I can refer to at least
a dozen eases. I do not complain of it. I merely
wish to say that if, in the good old days of the
Republic, when all men were pure, when the Con-
stitution was looked to as the guide, it was right,
I do not think we ought to be censured now for
following the rule that our forefathers set us.
But I will say to the honorable Senator from
Virginia, that I look upon the whole thing as
wrong. I do not think it was right then—not that
it conflicted with the Constitution; but I think it
was a bad precedent; and 1 think, if carried out,
it might lead to results that would be injurious to
every section of the country; but I cannot say
here that ihe principle 
Mr. MASON, i am sorry to interrupt the Sen-
ator; but I understood he only wanted to correct
me in facts. I am perfectly willing that he should
do that; but when he comes to reason he can re-
ply to me. I am sorry to hear, however, that his
regret is one of expediency, and not of constitu-
tional restraint.
Mr. RICE. Both.
Mr. MASON. I understood him to limit it to
expediency-
Mr. RICE. No, sir; you are mistaken in that.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, that is to what
we arc tending. The Constitution yet, in the his-
tory of Governments, is very new. The tendency
is to look to expediency, and not to fundamental
law. I do not know how any one who is con-
versant with the history of former Governments
and former people can expect our experiment to
last, if they abandon the Constitution and look
to expediency. I fear that is at present the tenor
of the public mind. The expediency of the day,
the will of the popular majority for the time being,
is the rule. Whether it is to civilize the wilder-
ness; whether it is to compensate California for
the gold that California unfortunately gives to the
world; whatever it may be, you are to look to
expediency, and to regard that without any ref-
erence to the restraints of the fundamental law.
Why, sir, what is the fundamental Jaw* What
is the Government under which we live? Wherein
does it differ from the Government of France,
under the present Emperor; or the Government
of Austria, under its Emperor? It is said to be
a popular Government—a Government of the pop-
ular will. It is true; but those who framed the
Government had the sagacity and the honc&ty
and the honor to chain the popular will down by
the fundamental law; and when gentlemen talk
to me about expediency—that it was more in re-
gard to expediency—I would with great rcspect
refer them to the text of the Constitution. There !
may bo instances, doubtless there are instances, j
that pass almost every day under our notice, not :
regarded, or, if regarded, not censured. These
things pass by a sort of lapse in political morals.
There may be instances where they pass laws to
improve or to make roads. I know nothing about
that.
But to come back to the mail service, who ever
doubted, until Congress assumed the right to take
the administrative power from the Executive—
whoever doubted, until Congress assumed the right
to subsidize the Treasury for private jobs—that
the intent of the Constitution was that the Gov-
ernment should be the carrier of the mail and
nothing else, and should be paid as a carrier for
the mails and nothing: more, and that the com-
pensation should pay for the carriage? Whoever
had an idea it was to extend to cultivate wilder-
nesses, or to send population into this quarter or
thatquarter? None. You may look through the
records, and you will not find it. Sir, the intent of
the Constitution was, that the Government should
be the carrier of the mail, and should require a
tax only to pay for the carriage, nothing more. I
say again in reference to these amendments, that
I shall vote againsi them in. every shape, unless
I am satisfied by a report from the responsible
quarter, the Executive Department, that the route
by which the mail is proposed to be carried is the
cheapest route consistent with expedition in car-
rying it, and then that it will be within the com-
pass of the means of the Post Office Department.
That is the spirit of the Government, and I tell
honorable gentlemen, if they insist upon trans-
cending that, they will transform this Government;
they will put it into the hands of an irresponsible
numerical majority—utterly irresponsible—for
where is the responsibility? What responsibility
have the numerical majority to the Government of
this country? None but in the Constitution;and
if they disregard that, the responsibility of our
Government is at an end. Where it will end,
Heaven knows. I presume it will vibrate for a
timethrough anarchy,and terminatein despotism.
I shall vote againstall these amendments inany
form or shape, unless I know from the responsi-
1 ble head of the Executive Department that they
recommend it upon their responsibility.
Mr. HAMMOND. I believe it is always in order
to discuss the Constitution,and I entirely concur
in all the sentiments that the Senator from Vir-
ginia has expressed in reference to it; but) think,
at this late hour of the session and of the night,
very little can be done by discussing anything.
With all the business before the Senate, most of
the Senators are tolerably familiar; and those who
are not should, at this late hour, follow their file
leaders; and, I take it, that will be generally done.
I feel most anxious to get a vote on this question,
whatever it may be, and upon all the questions
that come up here; for if my mind has not been
| attracted to them, and I have not made up my
j opinions, I know whose opinions I will follow;
! and I take it that is the case with all the Senators.
I 1 think that now we ought to avoid discussion.
| I do not think that a vote can be changed, that
| ariythingcan be done by anything that can bo said,
j and we arc m a position when we ought to do;
j and therefore I desire a vote on this question,
j Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I should like,in
all respect, to ask the Senator from South Caro-
lina if he knows what the question is before the
Senate that he wants a vote on ?
Mr. HAMMOND. So many questions have
been popped on the Senate to-night that I really
do not know what the question is. [Laughter.
I shall follow somebody thatl suppose does know
Mr. GWIN. The Senator was very anxious
for a vote, and I thought he understood what the
question was before the Senate. I should like,
in all respect, to ask the Senator from Virginiaif
he can tell me?
Mr. HAMMOND. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia would state the question, perhaps I may
know what it is; but there have been so many
questions brought up, that I do not know exactly
what we are on now.
Mr. GWIN. I should like, in all respect, to
know from the Senator from Virginia, who made
a long address to the Senate, what is the question
before the Senate?
Mr. MASON. I will tell the Senator. I went
to the Secretary's table this morning and read the
amendment that is now pending, and I read the
amendment to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. GWIN. What is the amendment?
Mr. MASON. I will tell the Senator what the
question is. It is a demand on the Senate to take
the administration of the postal service from the
Post Office Department, and to tell the Postmaster
General in what way he shall send the mail, by
what routes, and what he shall pay for them; to
which 1 am opposed. That is the question.
Mr. GWIN. That is the Senator's statement
of the question.
Mr. MASON. And according to my recollec-
tion, fixing the names of the contractors. 1 am
not certain about that.
Mi. GWIN. Now I will ask the Secretary to
read the question that is before the Senate. ["Oh,
no."] It is a short section.
Several Senators. We all understand it.
Mr. GWIN. I will state it, then. It is the
first section of the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, which is to give us a
mail across the continent, by the Salt Lake route,
tri-weekly.
Mr. YtJLEE. That is not the question.
