THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. tL ;
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, I860,
New Series No. .
he will not be impatient. I stated, also, that ever
since this Congress had come together, I had ob-
served a tendency on the part of some of the
South Americans of such a character that I be-
lieved they never could affiliate with the Repub-
licans. I do not know but that th<f gentleman
may be in that category. I hope that he is. His
disclaimer shows that he is.
Mr. HATTON. I have made no disclaimer;,
but I will now make a remark which will cover
all subsequent remarks applied to me or my party:
that any man who intimates that it has been mv
purpose since I came here, or before, or that it
has been my purpose, at any time, to unite with
the Black Republicans—I think that is sufficiently
comprehensive—states that which is false.
Mr. COX. That disclaimer is entirely unne-
cessary, and I think thai the gentleman shows a
great deal too much bravery on the subject.
Mr. HATTON. I have made the remark, It
is sufficiently comprehensive. The House un-
derstands it, and I do not wish to add to it or to
subtract from it.
Mr. BRABSON. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me to make a single remark. It has not,
sir, been the first time that the assertion has been
made that I affiliated with the organization of the
Republican party. I have the same reply now to
make that I have made heretofore—only once,
however, for it was never made before but once.
If the gentleman from Ohio means to insinuate
that I have any affinity with the organization of
the Republican party, then X will say that I shall
have, hereafter, no respect for him.
Mr. COX. I am glad that the gentleman re-
pudiates the organs of his party to which i have
referred.
Mr. BRABSON. My organs have never affili-
ated with any party on this floor except the party
to which I belong.
Mr. COX. It is notorious in this country what
the organs of the American party are.
Mr. BARKSDALE. This debate is out of
place and uncalled for, and I object to it. I give
notice that I shall object to any further interrup-
tion of the gentleman from Texas by gentlemen
on either side of the House.
Mr. CLARK. The gentleman from Texas is
entitled to the floor, and unless he yields it, no
other member is in order.
Mr. STOKES took the floor.
Mr. REAGAN. I cannot yield any further.
I say tins out of no disinclination to accommo-
date the gentleman. I am willing gentlemen shall
have an opportunity to say all they want to say.
I do not yield further for reasons I have before
stated, and which I hope gentlemen on all sides
will approve. My object is to cultivate that kind-
ness which it seems to me has too frequently
been broken by these episodes and these occur-
rences which have a strong tendency to prevent
us from doing that which the instinct of patriot-
ism, of duty, and of self-preservation requires at
our hands.
Mr. "WINSLOW. If my friend will allow me;
it is now late in the day; he has been interrupted
a good deal, and it is the general desire that he
shall give way for a vote for Speaker. If he will
yield for that purpose he will have the floor again
m the morning.
Mr. REAGAN. If it is the pleasure of the
House to take a vote or to adjourn, I will yield;
but I will yield for no other purpose. I am as
well prepared to continue my remarks to-day as
I will be to-morrow.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House pro-
ceed viva voce to vote for Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move tliat there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk accordingly called the roll; and the
following members failed, to answer to their names:
Messrs. Aldrich, Ashmorc, Bair, Beale, Blair, Brown-
Caiter, Clemens, Clark 13. Cochrane, Covode, Curry, Has-
kin, Howard, Iivinc, Jenkins, Jones, Kunkel, Leake, Me-
ICean,Moorhead, Nixon, Reynolds, Sickles, William Smith,
fiteallworth. Stevenson, Van Wyek, Woodson, and Wright.
•22
Pending the call,
Mr. GRAHAM stated that Mr. Curry had
paired with Mr. McKean for this day.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that Mr, Wright
had paired with Mr. Haskin.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Jones, had paired with Mr. Irvine.
Mr. KEITT stated that his colleague,Mr. Ash-
more, was temporarily absent, and Mr. Morris,
of Pennsylvania, had obliged him by pairing with
him.
Mr. WINSLOW stated that Mr. Clemens,
detained from the House by indisposition in his
family, had paired with Mr. Millward.
/Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Blair had
paired with Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Covode had
paired with Mr. Leake.
Mr. GRAHAM stated that Mr. Ktjnicle had
paired with Mr. Carter.
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Reynolds had
authorized him to pair him with any Democratic
member; that he was thus paired, but that after-
ward the pair was withdrawn; and that he would
pair him n#wwith any gentleman of the other side.
Mr. SPINNER. It hasLbeen stated that Mr.
Sickles is paired. Who is he paired with?
A Member. With Mr. Beale.
Mr. SPINNER. I understood that Mr. Beale
was paired with Mr. Taylor, of Louisiana.
Mr. WINSLOW. That was transferred.
Mr. SPINNER. I should like to know at
whose instance. I made the pan* for my colleague,
Mr. Beale.
Mr. COLPAX. I was in this House in 1854,
when the House remained unorganized for nine
weeks, and I state that no gentleman during that
time took the floor and asked that any pair should
be transferred. When gentlemen made pairs with
gentlemen upon the other side of the House, those
pairs stood, except by the express authority of
both of the gentlemen paired, and it is not right to
ask that pairs should be transferred.
Mr. KEITT. Letus send for absent members.
Mr. WINSLOW. We might take a recess
until the Sergeant-at-Arms gets back with them.
Mr. FENTON. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. WINSLOW. I wish to say before we
commence a vow, that I believe it was expressly
agreed that Air. Taylor should vote upon this
ballot.
Mr. SPINNER. Pairs are bad enough any
way. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Sickles] is absent without a pair. A colleague
of mine [Mr. Carter] is paired with a gentleman
upon the other side, and now it is proposed to
transfer his pair with another gentleman. I do
not speak for either of my colleagues; but I pro-
i test against the proceeding, and without the ac-
| sent of those two gentlcnn n 1 will not consent to
the transfer.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wi^h merely to stote that it
is well known upon that side of the House that
there was a pair between my colleague, [Mr.
Landrum,] and the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Carter,] now absent. That pair was made
for the convenience of those two gentlemen. Since
that pair was made my colleague has returned to
the House and he is now in a condition to attend
the sittings of this body. Yesterday a gentleman
from the other sitle came to mo and stated that a
member who voted with them had made a pair
with Mr. Kunkel, of Maryland; that that pair
was no longer necessary for the reason that that
gentleman had returned in consequencc of not
having received notice that the pair was extended
to a certain time. He applied to me to make an
arrangement by which that side should not lose
the benefit of that vote.  I consented out of cour-
tesy that the pair with my colleague [Mr. Lan-
drum] should be dissolved in order that they
might have an additional vote. Under these cir-
| cumstances, it seems to me, it comes with an ill
gracc from that side of the House, when it is now
proposed to put the different parties upon a foot-
ing of equality that they should raise an objection.
If that objection is persisted in I shall not Vote
because I made a pair, and it is riiy intention'to
adhere to itt But I will state, if I am not per-
mitted to vote by the same courtesy extended Co
me which was extended by me to the colleague
of those gentlemen, I shall reaiiest gentlemen
upon this side of the House to nave recourse to
every species of tactics known under parliament-
ary usage to prevent a vote. For one, I would
be willing to sit here as long as it may bo neces-
sary to prevent a vote being taken until the return
of those absent gentlemen, under such circum-
stances.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to say, in reply to the
gentleman from Louisiana, that the courtesy to
which he alludes was but the fair reciprocity for
courtesy extended by this side of the House. 1
wish, also, to call his attention to the first time
when a pair was transferred. I was authorized
by a gentleman upon this side of the House 'to
announce a pair with Mr. Clemens, of Virginia,
for three days of the first week of the session.
That gentleman left the House, and went to the
'State of New York. To my perfect surprise, next
day, when I came into the Hall, and when voting
was about to commence, I found the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Taylor] transferring the
pair which I had announced with Mr*Clemens
to Mr. Landrum, so as to allow Mr. Clemens
to vote. I thought it was a very strange pro-
cedure, but, in my desire for a ballot, I made no
objection to the pair being so transferred. This
transferring system has since run on for an entire
month.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Anderson]
yesterday read to us a memorial of the mail con-
tractors, that we should organize, and then made
a speech suggesting the carrying out of that pe-
tition. I do not know whether the speech was
authorized by the mail contractors or hot; but in
it he denounced this side of the House., and ap-
pealed, as usual, to "the conservative members"
to elect a Speaker. I have only to say, if in this
he was the organ of the mail contractors, and if
that speech be rccognized as their sentiments, it is
not calculated to promote good feeling on this side
of the House towards them.
We have appealed to the other side over and
over again to apply to this election the test by
which every member holds his scat upon this
floor. In every State of the Union, from Maine
to California, Representatives to Congress are
elected, not by an absolute majority vote, but by
a plurality vote. There is only one exception, l
believe, and that is the State of Rhode Island;
and there, on a second ballot, a plurality elects.
Wisely has every State of the Union determined
that if people choose to scatter their votes in the
exercise of a public trust, the men who receive the
highest number of votes shall be elected; so that
the organization of the Government can go on,
and not lapse for lack of majority votes. After
waiting here patiently, when a petition came in
from the mail contractors, asking us to organize
and pay their honest debts, wc have appealed to
the other side of the House to apply the same
rule to the election of Speaker that was applied in
their own election; and that he who received the
highestnumber of votes should bedeclared elected.
Wc have waited to see if there would be any coali-
tion , any cement, any billing and cooing, by which
a majority could be obtained to defeat the gentle-
man from Ohio. We have waited for this long
and patiently. It is time now, when gentlemen
appeal to us to pay the debts of the Government,
and when they themselves stand in the way of an
organization, that the same test by whicn they
received the credentials which entitle them to seats
here shall be applied to the election of a presiding
officer. I have been surprised to see gentlemen
who are such strict constructionists of the Consti-
tution talkaboutclcctingaSpQakerp*0te yNW4e for
this House. Such a thing is unknown to the Con-
stitution. Wc are authorized by the Constitu-
tion to elect a Speaker. We are commanded by
the law to elect a Speaker before we proceed to
other business; and there is nothing in the Con-
