1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ence to any of the standing committees. The
practice is Wrong, and I therefore suggest to the
gentleman from Maryland that he have his reso-
lution referred to one of the standing committees.
Mr. KUNKEL. Is debate now in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not; and the motion to
reconsider would not be in order, unless the gen-
tleman from Maryland, of his own motion, sees
fit to have the reference changed.
Mr. KUNKEL. It is proper that I should say,
in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston] 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. KUNKEL. Well, sir, I hope the Speaker
will indulge me for a moment. It is proper that
I should reply to the remark of the gentleman
from Alabama, that this bilf has had, informally,
the consent of the.Comniittee of Ways and Means.
The proposed appropriation is a very small one—
amounting to but $15,000—for repairing damages
caused by a fire in September, 1858. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in his report made to the
last Congress, recommended that this appropria-
tion ought to be made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. KUNKEL. I have been asked for inform-
ation, and I have risen to give that information.
Mr. HOUSTON. As this is a new rule under
which we are now acting, it is important that, at
the beginning, it should have a proper construc-
tion. I therefore put the question whether a gen-
tleman under this call can introduce a bill, and
move to have it referred to any other committee
than one of the standing committees of this House?
Can the gentleman from Maryland introduce his
bill, and move its reference to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ? Must not
that bill go to one of the standing committees of
the House?
The SPEAKER. The bill indicated was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, no objection being made. If there
had been objection, the suggestion of the gentleman
from Alabama would be a proper one, so far as this
bill is concerned.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the reference of
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and insist that it be referred to one
of the standing committees.
The SPEAKER. It is now too late to object.
The Chair will now call the States for resolutions.
Resolutions are in order from Maine.
ABOLITION OF THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. BURNETT. I was in the House when
Kentucky was called, but could not get to my seat
time enough to introduce the bill I hold in my
hand before the call passed from my State. I now
ask the unanimous consent of the House to intro-
duce a bill to abolish the franking privilege.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CHEROKEE IMPROVEMENT COMPANY.
Mr. MORSE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rctolcti, That so much of the report or'the Secretary of
the Navy as relates to conditional eontiaets made by him
with tile Cherokee Impiovement Company be referred to
the Committee on Navai AfF.urs.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. MORSE offered the following resolutions;
which were read, considered, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union:
Resolved, That for the more effectual suppression of the
African siave trade, the treaty of 1845, between Gieat Giit-
ain and the United States, called the tieaty of Washing-
ton, lequinngcach country to keep eig/iit/guns on the con-st
of Africa for that purpose, should be so changed as to t en-
quire a specified and sufficient number of small steameis
and fast-sailing brigs or sehooncis to be kept on said coa^t;
and that the officers commanding the same should be en-
couraged and held to the faithful and energetic performance
of their duty, and cordially sustained by our Government
in every discharge thereof.
Resolved, That the African slave trade appears to be
rapully increasing, some effective mode of identifying the
nationality of a vessel on the coast of Africa, suspected of
being in the ^iave trade, or of wearing false colors, should
be immediately adopted and carried into effect by the lead-
ing maritime nations of the earth; and that the Government
of the United States has thu* far, by refusing to aid 111 estab-
lishing such a system, shown a strange neglect of one of the^
best means of suppressing said trade.
Resolved, That the Afuean slave trade is against the
moral sentiment of mankind and a crime against human
nature, and that, as the most highly civilized nations have
made it a criminal offense or piracy under their own mu-
nicipal laws, it ought at once, and without hesitation, to
be declared a crime by the code of international law; and
that for the purpose of aiding in the establishment of a
measure so beneficent and wise, so honorable to a great
nation and worthy of a philanthropic age, the President be
requested to open negotiation? on this subject with the
leading Powers of Europe, and make known to them the
willingness and desire of the United States to have, the
African slave trade declared a crime against international
law, and brought under the ban of the united voice of civ-
ilized States.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to introduce a resolution.
' Mr. WINSLOW. I object; let the call pro-
ceed regularly.
BOOKS ORDERED BY CONGRESS, ETC.
Mr. PERRY offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to this House the whole amount that has
been paid out of (ho Tieasuiy for books oidered to be pub-
lished b}1- resolution of either or both Houses of the Thirty-
Third Congic^s; a^o the amount paid outoftheTieafruiy
for books to the new membeis in said Congress under the
UMial resolutions for supplying new members with books ;
also the full amount paid the said members of Congress as
per diem compensation and mileage, specifying how much
for cach ; also the estimated per diem expense of the Gov-
ernment during the sessions of Congress over and above
the pay of its members, and such officersluid employos as
arc paid annual salaries.
BUREAU'OF STATISTICS AND AGRICULTURE.
Mr. TAPPAN presented joint resolutions of
the State of New Hampshire, on the subject of
a national bureau of statistics and agriculture;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
"WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.
Mr. MARSTON presented joint resolutions
of the State of New Hampshire, in reference to
weights and measures; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. THAYER offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Public Lands be, and
tbev are hereby, instructed to leport a bill creating two land
district^, which shall include all the public domain situated
between the western boundary oi the proposed State of
Kansas and the eastern boundary of the State of Califor-
nia, and lying between "Neluaska Teiritory, Washington
Territory, and the Suite of Oiegon, on the north, and the
Indian Terutorv and the Territory of New Mexico on the
south; the easterly part of said tiact to be called the Jef-
ferson land distiict, and the western part the Nevada land
district.
BUREAU OP STATISTICS AND AGRICULTURE.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of New Hamp-
shire, which I presented a short time since, m
reference to an agricultural bureau, be referred to
the Committee on Agriculture.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM II. IIOOPER.
Mr. BRIGGS introduced the following joint
resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and duected to pay, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, tlie amount that may be found
by the accounting oflioeis of the Treasury to have been in-
curred for the proper legislative expenses of the Teiritory
of Utah,* by William H. Hooper, while acting as secretary
of said Territory under the appointment of Governor Biig-
hain Young.
Mr. BRIGGS. That resolution is one more
of form than of substance; and I therefore de-
sire 
Mr. GROW. I must object to having this
hour taken up by discussion.
Mr. BRIGGS. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. It is not during the morning
hour.
Mr. FLORENCE. If a resolution gives rise
to debate, it goes over under this new rule.
Mr.-BRIGGS I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the resolution.
Mr. GROW. To allow debate would defeat
the whole object of the rule.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move to refer the resolution
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. ELY introduced the following resolution:
Resolved. That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, requested to communicate to tills House, ir
in his opinion not- incompatible with the public interests,
all the information in his possession relative to the practi-
cal working of the reciprocity treaty concluded with Great
Britain 011 the 5th day of June, 3854; whether the provirt*
cial government of Canada lias not, through its Legislature,
violated the spirit of the said treaty; what has been the
practical effect of the third clause of the said 'treaty upon
the interests of the respective countries; what measures,
if any, have been uken to p'rocurc correct information
touching the practical operation and effect of the third
clause of the said treaty upon the interests of American
citizens; and whether, in his opinion, the said thiol article
of the said treaty could not, with advantage to American
interests, be either amended or rescinded.
Mr. BRANCH, I desire to inquire if the
Speaker holds that resolutions can be put upon
their passage to-day, under the rule under whieh
we are acting?
The SPEAKER. Such is the ruling of the
Chair.'
Mr. BRANCH. As I understand it, we are
now calling States and Territories under the 26th
rule—the new rule.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. BRANCH. That rule says that" all bills
so introduced during the first hour after the Jour-
nal is read, shall be referred, without debate, to
their appropriate committees." Now, I do not
understand that anything can be passed, except
by unanimous consent; and the unanimous con-
sent of the House can do anything.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will read the whole-resolution, he will
see that the Chair is correct.
Mr. BRANCH. My reason for calling the
attention of the Chair to this matter now is, not
that I have any objection "to the pending resolu-
tion, but that we may establish a correct practice
under this new rule at the outset.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated some time
ago that at the expiration of the morning hour
he would call the States and Territories for reso-
lutions, which would be referred to their appro-
priate committees; but that in case discussion
should arise they must lie over.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Chair hold, then,
that a resolution can be put upon its passage ?
The SPEAKER. If objected to, it cannot be
put upon its passage.
Mr. BRANCH. If there is but a single objec-
tion, will that prevent its being put upon its pas-
sage r
The SPEAKER. If it give rise to debate, it
must go over.
Mr. BRANCH. Suppose a gentleman rises,
under this rule, and offers a resolution and calls
the previous question, and the previous question
is seconded, and debate thus cut off: does the Chair
hold that the resolution can be put upon its pass-
age?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes, if the
previous question is seconded, that it might be.
That would cut off debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then what good does the
resolution do ?
Mr. BRANCH. I do not make the point upon
this resolution; but I hope the Chair will look to
the rule, and determine its proper construction. It
an important resolution should come up, to which
I should object, and the Chair should make his
present decision, 1 shall be compelled to appeal to
the House. I think' the Chair's decision would
defeat the whole object of the rule.
The resolution was agreed to.
PUBLIC STORES, ETC.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE introduced the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and lie
is heieby, directed to furnish to the House of Representa-
tives of the Thirty-Sixth Congress all the information of
which he may be possessed ie? pecUng the putiounauce of
the labor required and bestowed in and upon the receipt at,
and the delivery from, the public stores, ot foieign goods and
merchandise, entered, appiaised, and taxed with imposts,
at the port of New York ; and how the same if perfoimed,
whether by laborers employed by the Government, or by
laboier* in the employ of contractors under covenant with
the Government for the performance of the same; together
with the date of any contract or contiacts that may have
been thus executed and delivered, the parties thereto, and
the conditions theieof. the object and purpose of the same,
and the reasons tberefoi ; what is the present condition of
said contiact or contracts; who is now interested in the
same; and especially if he has reason to suppose that any
member or members ot Congress now have, or at any tune
have had, any direct 01 remote or contingent pecuniary in-
terest therein; and further, that the said Secretary be ai-
lected to furnish the House aforesaid any information m his
possession of the effect piuduoed. or that may be produced,,
