THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
Mr. GWIN. If that is not the question, I wish
the Senator would state it. I want the first sec-
tion of the amendment read, because I intend to
state the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wilson
in-the chair.). The Secretary will read it.
Mr. YULEE. As I understand it, the whole
amendment proposed by the Senator for Massa-
chusetts is before the Senate as a substitute for
mine.
Mr. LATHAM. No; the first section.
Mr. YULEE. He cannot divide .it into sec-
tions. It is an entirety.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] called for a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state, for the information of the Senator, that the
question is on the amendment as a whole that is
proposed to the amendment of the Senator from
Florida.
Mr. LATHAM. I understood that the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire demanded a separate
vote upon the first section, and that the Chair sus-
tained that call.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire asked for a division of the
question; but the Chair is of opinion that it would
not be in order to divide the amendment; that the
amendment proposed is an entirety, and must be
tolcen as one on a vote.
Mr. LATHAM. The Chair is not now as it
was; and therefore, of course, 1 yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
opinion of the person now occupying the chair.
The Chair will ask the Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Fitzpatrick] to take the chair, if there is
any division on that point.
Mr. GWIN. I do not object to the present
view of the Chair; but that was the question be-
fore the Senate when the Senator from Virginia
and the Senator from South Carolina discussed
the question. The Senator from New Hampshire
asked for a division, to take a vote on the first
section of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts; and 1 will state what that
is. The first section of the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts is this: that
the Postmaster General shall contract with cer-
tain contractors on certain routes for carrying the
mails from St. Joseph toPlacervilie; for the trans-
portation of letter mails tri-weckly, and semi-
monthly for the printed matter; the tri-weekly
mail within twenty days, and the piinted matter,
semi-monthly, within thirty days, for $(>00,000
for the fust year, and after the first year for
$800,000; the same mail matter to be transported
in the same time daily; and if those contractors
do not agree to convey the entire mail for that
sum, ami no other contractors agree to convey it
for that sum, then the Postmaster General can
make a contract to haveitdone on an ocean route
for a sum not exceeding $400,000.
Mr. MASON. Now, will the Senator allow
me to ask him what is the objection to substitute
for all that provision a simple command to the
Postmaster General to send the mail to Calfornia
by the most expeditious and cheapest route that
he can find? What is the objection to that?
Mr. GWIN. The objection to that is this; the
most expeditious and best route is indicated, and
there are contractors on that route, and if you
take their contracts away from them, you will
have to pay damages. We have heard enough
about damages on those routes already. If they
do not do it for the sum that is indicated—and it
is a very low figure—then their contracts arc taken
away from them. If we cannot convey the letter
mail and printed matter on these routes, then they
are to be carried by the ocean service at a sum
not exceeding $400,000.
Now, Mr. President, I do not believe that any-
body has proposed here, or supposes, that those
mails can be carried semi-monthly or tri-monthly
by the ocean route at less than §400,000. It is
true, the Senator from Georgia presented a projet,
or letteis heie from certain parties, in which they
stated that they would carry it for the postages
and twenty-five cents a pound for the printed
matter. Why, sir, if ever you make such a con-
tract as that, you will have to pay more than
$400,000. Unless that restriction was put upon
it, I would never vote for such a proposition as
that. It is not pretended that these mails can be
carried tri-monthly or semi-monthly, for less than
$400,000; and if it will cost that much for those
mails to the Pacific coast, is it not better to have
tri-weekly service, and pay $600,000, when the
whole mail matter will bo transported within
twenty days and printed matter within the same
time, and the same service that is now done by
ocean ? That is the whole proposition now before
the Senate.
The second section of the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts is to give li mail
across the continent, from Lake Superior to Puget
Sound. I am in favor of that, and I intend to sus-
tain it as a new and important service. When
the balance of this amendment comes before the
Senate, for this connection between New Orleans
and EI Paso, I shall have something to say on
that subject.
At present I do not choose to enter into that;
but the question now is in regard to the transport-
ation of the entire mail, the printed matter as well
as the letters, across the central route, from St.
Joseph toPlacervilie; or if it cannot be transport-
ed there tri-weckly, and hereafter daily, for the
sum indicated in the amendment, then the Post-
master General is to contract for its transportation
by the ocean service. Well now, sir, what are
the estimates of the Department to which the Sen-
ator from Virginia alludes ? They are to give us
the ocean service at a rate not exceeding §400,000
a year. That is precisely what we offer in this
proposition. It is the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts to the proposition of the
chairman of the Committee; on the Post Office and
Post Roads, the organ of the Post Office Depart-
ment, that we shall have two propositions—one
to carry the mail overland tri-weekly for ^600,000
the first year, and afterwards daily for $800,000;
and the other to carry it by steamers tri-monthly
for $400,000. Certainly I infinitely prefer carry-
ing it overland at these rates, giving increased
postal service, if it can be done in that way.
rather than resorting to the ocean service, to which
I am utterly opposed, and to which I will never
agree, unless it is absolutely necessary to carry
the printed matter that way.
Now, Mr. President, a word as to what the
Senator ftom Virginia says about the time the ap-
propriations to which reference has been made
were voted. Sir, they commenced in the time of
Jefferson, the great founder of the party to which
the Senator professes to belong. He was the man
who laid the foundation for these great improve-
ments across the continent, malting post routes
through the unsettled portions of the country,
against which the Senator now thunders his de-
nunciation. He says that it is a misfortune that
California produces gold. That is our question,
not his. If it be a misfortune, wc arc ready to
abide by it. It might be a misfortune if wc pro-
duced tobacco, which destroyed our sod, as has
been the case in some States of this Confederacy;
but we can compare with Virginia and most of the
States of this Confederacy m our exports and im-
ports that pay the duties into the Treasury, and
make that very revenue which is distributed
throughout the "Union in the appropriation bills
passed by the two Houses of Congress. In the
article of exports, we will compare with any State
of the Confederacy, according to our population,
the permanent wealth of the country, the exports
that we send abroad to exchange for the products
introduced into our country from which the rev-
enue is derived to the Treasury with which to
support the Government. It is true that, as a
new country, with an extensive sea-coast, very
far removed from the central Government,greatly
unprotected, in fact entirely unprotected, when
the United States first took possession of it, there
are large appropriations required to put us in the
same condition with the other States of the Con-
federacy. But, Mr. President, we are no petition-
ers for anything that this Government can give us.
Wc can take "good care of ourselves; and it is
coming very rapidly to that, if you do not get
along better than you are doing. Certainly, so
far as the Treasury is concerned, no State expects
to fight over what is there, for there is nothing in
it, and it has been so for a long time.
Now, sir, all 1 want is, that you give us mails
at the cheapest rate to the Government, the most
rapid and cheap communication carried on by
various routes, and giving a preference to those
within our own boundaries. I have believed for
years, and I now believe, we can transport the
whole mail across the continent within our own
borders; and that is all 1 ask, with full and free
competition among the various routes. I say the
great central route can transport the whole mails
cheaper and better, and more rapidly, than they
can be transported by ocean service; and there-
fore, 1 am for it.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, it is becoming
late; and it is very desirable to dispose of this bill
to-night. I shall,endeavor to set the example of
proceeding to business and to vote, consuming as
little time as possible in further discussion. I pro-
pose, before we take the vote on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts, to
move some amendments for the purpose of per-
fecting his proposition.
Mi\ CRITTENDEN. It is an amendment to
an amendment now.
Mr. YULEE. But we can perfect it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The Chair will state to the
Senator from Florida that ft is not in order to
move an'amendment, as there are an amendment
and an amendment to that amendment, already
pending. No amendment is in order until the
pending amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts shall have been disposed of.
Mr. GWIN. I suggest to the Senator from
Florida that he had better withdraw his amend-
ment, and let the Senator from Massachusetts
offer his amendment as an original amendment,
so that we can amend it. That is precisely what
the Senator from Florida wants, as I understand.
If he cannot get the mails carried overland—and
he is m favor of it, if it can be, but he thinks it
cannot be done—then he is for doing it by ocean
service. I wish to take the vote on the first sec-
tion of the amendment of the Senator fioni Mas-
sachusetts.
Mi. YULEE. There is no part of the amend-
ment of*the Senator from Massachusetts that I
can vote for; and, if the question is pressed, I
must vote against the whole; but there are some
great objections to particular portions of this
amendment; and I propose to amend them.
Mr. WILSON. I would second the sugges-
tion of the Senator from California as the easiest
way to reach this matter. If you want to perfect
the amendment I have moved, let the Senator
from Florida withdraw lus amendment, and allow
mine to stand as an amendment to the original
bill, and then you can perfect it at your pleasure,
and vote down what you do not like. You can
move your amendment as an amendment to that
afterwaids.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Florida
will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. YULEE. Very well; to accomplish the
purpose, I will withdraw my amendment tempo-
rarily.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to allow the Senator fiom
Florida to withdraw his amendment. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I now offer my amendment
as an amendment to the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I object to these temporary
arrangements, for the accommodation of Senators.
I hear application made on one side to the Sen-
ator from Florida to withdraw ins amendment,
and that the Senator from Massachusetts with-
draw his, and then the Senator fiom Florida says
he withdraws lus temporarily. I want to get to
some conclusion. I object to making these tem-
porary arrangements around the Senate Cham be l,
and keeping everybody here for the accommoda-
tion of two or three Senators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida had unanimous consent to withdraw
his amendment, and the question now is on the
amendment of the Senatui from Massachusetts.
Mr. YULEE. I withdrew my amendment for
the purpose of enabling us to come to some con-
clusion. Now I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts. I move to
strike out the third section of his amendment,
which is in these words:
Jlnd be it further cnaUed, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is, hereby, aulhoiizoii ami directed to eontiaet
with the contractors on route 807t3, now engaged in tlio
transpoitation of the mails between San Antonio, Texas,
and Ei Paso, 'l'e.\as, tor the conveyance of the entiro Uni-
ted States mail senn-weokiy, in ten days' time, between
New Oilcans, Louisiana, and 121 Paso, Texas, tor a com
pensation not exceeding ^250,000 per annum, the eouttact
