2302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. NOELL. They may be able to give most
satisfactory excuses to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish the attention for a
moment of the gentleman from Tennessee. If
his motion is to be entertained, let it apply to all
who maybe arrested. You cannot punish aman
who has not been arrested and brought to trial in
some form or other.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Those who are not ar-
rested will not be fined. Therefore, the motion I
have made is broad enough to cover the case men-
tioned by the gentleman from Alabama.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
upon the motion that all the absentees who may
be arrested shall be excused upon the payment of
the costs.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. You cannot fine a
person who has not been brought to the bar of
the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Now, I move that
all absentees who have been arraigned at the bar
of the House be excused upon payment of the cost.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I submit that
each individual must be tried separately and in-
dividually. The idea of excusing members by
the wholesale in this way is unprecedented. The
Sergeant-at-Arms was ordered to bring up the
absentees; and each absentee, upon his own re-
sponsibility, must tender his excuse to us, and
each case must be disposed of by itself. Who
ever before heard of a proposition to try all these
„ absentees by wholesale?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair must
now decide the motion of the gentleman from
New York out of order, as was also the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee, in accordance
with the 64th rule. The rule is as follows:
"64. When a member shaiibe discharged from custody,
and admitted to Ins seat, the House shall determine whether
such discharge shall bo with or without paying fees; and
in like manner, whether a delinquent member taken into
custody by a special nieftsenser, sshull or shall not be liable
to defray the expense of &uch special messenger."
Each individual must have a particular hearing,
unless the House dispense with the call altogether.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is unfair to those who
have been arrested, brought here, and fined. There
are half a dozen absentees arraigned now whose
cases have not been considered. Probably none
of them have good excuses; and by agreeing to
that motion, you allow them to go free, whilst you
have lined others who were brought in before
them.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to say that if this mo-
tion is now agreed to, I shall dodge hereafter, as
others have done. I protest against this injustice.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
* The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
So all further proceedings under the call were
dispensed with.
Mr. SHERMAN. Inow move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of disposing of the
bill we had under consideration, by acting upon
the last section of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. As we have dealt so un-
justly by the gentlemen who have been fined, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Windom
and Branch were appointed.
Mr.FLORENCE. I call for the yeas and nays.
I want to see what gentlemen vote to keep us here
at this hour of the night.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
• The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 45, noes 69.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING moved a call of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. There is but one amendment
pending to the bill under consideration before the
committee. I appeal to members to dispose of
that question, then go into the House, order the
main question, and adjourn. That is all that is
desired; and it will no t take ten minutes to accom-
plish it.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am opposed to
going through the form and delay of exposing
members, bringing them here, and then adjourn-
ing. Such proceedings ought to be denounced.
The question was taken on Mr. Conkling's
motion for a call of the House; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn. Every principle of humanity sug-
gests it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call the gentle-
man to order. The gentleman alludes to princi-
ples of humanity, and that is not in order. [Laugh-
ter.]
The House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's mo-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call the gentle-
man to order. This rapidity of motion will dis-
turb his intellect. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Well; the gentleman's equa-
nimity of course relieves him from that danger.
[Calls to order.]
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Sherman's motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Etiier-
idge in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 501, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 18G1; the pending ques-
tion being on Mr. Branch's amendment to strike
out the following section:
"Sec .2. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That the sum of $30,000,
heretofore appropriated by act of 3d March, 1859, for the
puiposeof repairs and incidental expenses to the light-
house at Oswego and buildings connected therewith, and
which remains unexpended, may be used and applied for
repairing and securing and protecting the pier connected
with the light-house at Oswego, Now Yoik, so aa to pre-
vent the deduction of said light-house and pier."
On which tellers had been ordered.
Messrs. Hatton and Bingham took their places
as tellers.
The committee divided; but without their re-
porting,
Mr. BRANCH said: I observe that a good
number of gentlemen who are in favor of my
amendment are not voting. I therefore withdraw
the call for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN then unnounced the vote in
the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to the demand for
tellers being withdrawn.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I demand
tellers again.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is decided.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise, and report the bill to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr. Col-
fax having taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mi-.-Etiieiudge reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the Union generally, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 501, making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1861, and had di-
rected him to report the same back to the House
with several amendments, and with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before I move the previous
question, I offer the amendment indicated, strik-
ing out the clause in relation to the Capitol ex-
tension ; and thereupon I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
In the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on a vote by tellers, there was no an-
nouncement of the vote by numbers; and if there
had been, it would have showed that there was
no quorum present; and the rules of the House
were not observed in calling the roll. I protest
against this as improper, unconstitutional, and
violative of decorum and order and the rules of
the House. [Calls to order.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order on the ground, in the first
place, that it was not made in time; and in the
second place, that it should have been made in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit another point of
order: that the haste of the Chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
vacating the chair precipitately, prevented me
from exercising my right as a member of the
House, in demanding that there should be an an-
nouncement of the vote; and the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Conkling] was objecting and
protesting against the conclusion arrived at by
the Chair.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to oider.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order on the grouud that it was
the gentleman's misfortune if he did not arrest
the attention of the Chair in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. On that I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask leave of the House
to put upon its Journal the reason for submitting
my point of order. [Loud calls to order.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in or-
der. The previous question has been demanded.
Mr. BliANCH. On the engrossment of the
bill, 1 will call for a separate vote on the second
scction, under the 151st rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object. I take it that the
bill cannot be divided; and I objcct to the division.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point made by the gentleman from
North Carolina.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the Chair will not
overrule my question before I make it. I will
call for a separate vote on the engrossment of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and then (at half past nine
o'clock, p. in.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, JUay 24, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gdrley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
WILLIAM H. DE GROOT.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives (No.
17) for the relief of William H. DeGroot, have
directed me to report it back with a favorable rec-
ommendation. It is a very hard case, and the
committee ask that it be put upon its passage
now. I think it will elicit no discussion what-
ever. The committee are unanimously in favor
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The- bill will be
read for information.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I believe there is no amount
specified in the bill. 1 prefer it should lie over
till to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will lie over.
BOUNDARY LINE OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 706)
to authorize the President of the United States,
in conjunction with the State of California, to run
and mailt the boundary lines between the Terri-
tories of the United States and the State of Cali-
fornia, have directed me to report it back and rec-
ommend its passage, and to ask the Senate to put
it upon its passage this morning. It has already
passed the House of Representatives.
Mr. HALE. If it will give rise to any debate,
I must object.
Mr. GREEN. It will lead to none whatever.
Mr. G WIN. I do not think it will lead to any
debate. It is merely a House bill to run the
boundary line.
