1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to continue for the same length of time s
vided foi in the foregoing sections.
i the service pro-
And in lieu of that section, to insert:
That the Postmaster General be authorized to contract
for the perfoimance of a semi-\veek!y service between
Colombia, Texas, and El Paso, for a compensation not ex-
ceeding $100,000.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to have a vote on
the first section of the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. YULEE. We cannot vote by sections;
the amendment is an entirety. We are paying
now for a service from New Orlean to Galveston,
and from Galveston by railroad to Columbus,
and from Columbus to Sail Antonio, and from
San Antonio to Camanche Spring, and from Ca-
manche Spring to El Paso. We have service
upon this whole route now in operation, not so
frequently upon a part of it, mora frequently upon
other parts. More than five hundred miles of
what is now proposed to be put under contract
for §250,000 is already being served by existing
contracts, with power on the part of the Govern-
ment to put as much mail matter as they please
upon them.
Now, Mr. President, I know the fact, and I
state it to the Senate, and I state it upon author-
ity, that the Department will be able, and has
now before it responsible offers to do the service
from Columbus semi-wceltly in coaches to Ca-
manche Spring and El Paso, taking all the mail
matter for §100,000; and it will be done under
such circumstances as will enable the Department
to make reductions which will reduce the actual
cost to the Government for putting on semi-week-
ly-coach service, which will give a continuous
connection from New Orleans to El Paso, at a
cost that will not exceed $22,000. The amend-
ment which I oiFer carries to the Department the
power to do that; and the amount of the whole
thing is, that for an actual outlay of $22,000, you
will accomplish the same purpose which is pro-
posed in this section for §250,000. I state that
distinctly to the Senate, that they may vote uti-
derstandingly, that there is an offer from respons-
ible parties, which can be immediately accepted,
to do that service for $100,000, over routes the
reduction of which will reduce the actual cost to
the Government to $22,000.
Mr. WIGFALL. Who are the parties?
Mr. YULEE. It is enough that I say they are
responsible: they are parties who are now doing
coach service, and are able to do it.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator from Florida,
who is chairman of the Committee on the Post
Oflice and Post Koads, what the overland service
to the Pacific slope costs us ?
^ Mr. YULEE. One million one hundred and
eighty thousand dollars.
Mr. BROWN. What will it cost if this meas-
ure be passed as reported by the committee?
Mr. YULEE. The committee have not re-
ported this amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I understood that there was an
amendment from the committee.
Mr. YULEE. Do you mean my original amend-
ment ?
Mr. BROWN. Your last proposition.
Mr. YULEE. I moved to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, by strik-
ing out one section and inserting a substitute.
Mr. BROWN. What will be the cost of the
mail service, as the Senator from Florida proposes
to amend it?
Mr. YULEE. The proposition I make, is to
leave the whole matter to the Department—sim-
ply to employ, if they choose to employ, ocean
service at a cost not exceeding $400,000, the pres-
ent cost of which is $351,000.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 tbmk I can answer the
question of the Senator from Mississippi. The
present service amounts to $1,162,276.
Mr. BROWN. Is th:it the overland service?
. Mr. LA MAM. The overland and ocean ser-
vice included.^ The amendment, as pioposed by
the Senator hom Massachusetts, will make the
total cost of the entire service $1,450,000, making
a difference between what is contemplated, and
what the present cost is, of $277,724.
Mr. BROWN. Then, if 1 understand it, If this
amendment passes wo'shall pay for overland and
ocean mail service to California about $1,400,000
a year. Now, I would ask the chairman of the
Post Office Committee if he can tell me what are
about the receipts from the postal service on the
other side of the mountains?
Mr. YULEE, About three hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. BROWN. Now, Mr. President, I take
these figures as they are stated to me, as being
somewhere near correct, though I think an accu-
rate investigation of the affair will show that they
are not correct; that they are reduced upon the
side of what we pay, and increased upon the side
of what we get. But take them as gentlemen
say, we are paying $1,400,000 for a service which
returns us $300,000. If that occurred anywhere
else than in California and Oregon, there would
be a complaint. 1 represent one of the most pro-
ductive States of this Union, which has begged,
and has been begging in vain, for postal service.
It is all that my people get from this Government,
all that they ask—that you give them mail facili-
ties. I think that last year there was paid for
postal service in Mississippi $172,000 over and
above what was the return to the Treasury. That
was made a ground of serious complaint. The
service was reduced; Post Office agents were dis-
missed-, letters and newspapers were not carried
to the people of my State, because it was said it
cost the Government too much money. Now, I
respectfully submit to my honored friend from
California, whether the gold which his State pro-
duces any more entitles her to an extra expend-
iture of $1,000,000 to furnish mail facilities than
the cotton which my State produces entitles her
people to at least $170,000.
This thing, Mr. President, is being carricd to
excess. I am perfectly willing to pay something;
I am perfectly willing to pay liberally for carry-
ing the mails to California; to pay greatly over
what they return; but when you come to ask me"
to pay out of the Treasury millions of dollars to
carry the mail by three or four different routes
across the continent, and by one or two occan
routes, by what add on enormous bills,amount-
ing to about one seventh of the whole Post
Office service, I think it is carrying the thing a
httle" too fur. Upon my word I do. I have not
modified this opinion at all by being constantly
told, as I have been, that California turns her
$40,000,000 of gold into the commerce of the
world, into the general channels of trade. My
State turns in her $40,000,000 in cotton, which
brings thegold; and itmattcrs nothing to the com-
mercial world whether you get $40,000,000 in
actual gold, or agricultural products which pro-
duce $40,000,000 of gold. The difference be-
tween my friend's constituents and mine is this:
we make $40,000,000 a year m cotton; and our
laborers support them selves while they are making
cotton; the Senator's constituents dig $40,000,000
of gold, and they cat up half of it in other people's
productions while they arc doing it; so that I
think the productions of my State are worth more
to the commerce of the world than the boasted
productions of California. I do not care, how-
ever, to compare notes of this sort; but I cannot
stand by when the Departmentand Congress deal
constantly as they do with my State, with my
people, in regard to postal service, and see mil-
lions of money expended for carrying mails to
California. I am willing to give you overland
service, willing to give you ocean service, if you
will take the thing m moderation; but it seems
we'have got to carry the mail across the conti-
nent at three points, starting first at St. Louis,
and running down half way across the country
longitudinally to El Paso, costing us $500,000
more for what the Senator from New Hampshire
describes as the ox-bow, furnishing no service
for anybody on earth. If that is to be done, I
tell Senatoi s I will vote against the whole; it costs
too much. There is a job m this thing, sir. There
is a job m that Butteriield route from St. Louis to
El Paso. The whole thing is a job. Itdoesnot
amount to the paper that lies upon that desk. It
does nobody any service except a few people in
the northern part of Arkansas and Texas, who
sell corn and other provisions to the moil con-
tractors. They get their money, but they carry
no mail that does anybody any service.
I want, Mr. President, to deal fairly, liberally,
justly, with every part of the country, and cer-
tainly I would be as liberal to California and Ore-
gon as 1 w^nld to any other section of the Union;
but when gentlemen come here constantly with
these applications for establishing routes, two or
three of them across the continent, and then con*
necting one with another, and then sending the
mail around by the ocean, multiplying ihr, ex-
penditure by millions of dollars, I get tired; I get
sick of it. In my opinion, one, or at most two,
overland routes are all that the necessities of the
country can by any possibility .require. That is
all, at least, that the present state of the Treasury
justifies you in voting. I am willing to go for a
route from New Orleans, which is the great center
of southern commerce, across the continent to San
Francisco. Then I am willing to allow north£ra>
gentlemen to establish a northern route, and thsy
may take it from St. Louis or St. Paul; but one
or the other must be selected. As to keeping up
all these routes, there is no necessity for it. If. the
mail cannot be sufficiently carried on the two
routes, I am willing then to give ocean service;
but I cannot vote for all this.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator from Mississippi
had been present at an earlier period, he would
have known that the Post Office Committee do
not propose any routes, but propose simply to
leave the matter to the Postmaster General; and to
enable him to do the necessary service upon the
best terms he can, to untie his hands from legis-
lation that has restricted him. But, Mr. President,
when we come to renew the proposition of the
amendment offered at the instance of the Post
Oflice Department, in substitution for that which
the Senator from Massachusetts has offered, we
shall then have the general subject opened again.
For the present, I hope that Senators will find it
convenient to confine themselves to the particular
amendment under consideration. The one which
I offer now is to reform that portion of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts which
proposes to give $250,000 for a service which can
be performed in the same manner, under offers
now made to the Departmentfor $22,000, being the
difference between $250,000 and $22,000. Now,
I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. MASON. The title of tins bill is "An
act establishing certain post routes." 1 think it
is an annual bill; certainly one which we have at
each Congress, that presupposes that the funds
of the Post Office Department are adequate to the
establishment of new post routes. Every one
knows that is not the fact now; and waiting for
better times, I move that the bill be postponed
until the first Monday in December next.
Mr. HAMMOND. If the Senate will take a
vote upon that, I shall withhold a motion which
1 am about to make; but I think, with constitu-
tional people, of whom I am one, it is very near
bed time; and, therefore, I feel very much like
moving an adjournment. [" No!" il No!"]
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will not
make that motion, but allow us to pass the bill.
Mr. HAMMOND. I withhold the motion for
the present, with the simple condition that we take
the vote on the postponement, with the under-
standing that it is to be renewed.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate will allow me, I
will change my motion. I move to lay the bill
upon the table; and upon that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Brajrs.ChesnM, Clark, Crittenden, Ham-
mond. Hunter, King, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Toombs,
and Wade—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Bigler, Brown, Chandler, Da-
vis, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes«enden,Fitzp;urick, Foot.Gieen,
Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Hailan, Hemphill, Johns-on of Ten-
nessee, Lane, Latham, Polk. Pngh, Kicc. Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ton liyek, Tiumbull, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Yulee—•
2 9.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Florida.
Mr. "WILSON. I desire to say a single word
in regard to the amendment moved by the Senator
from Florida. I know no contractors. I care not
for the interest of any contractors in this mutter;
and if the statement made by the Senator be cor-
rect—and I suppose, from lus position, it is—that
this service can be performed for a smaller amount
than is mentioned in my amendment, I am for it.
Mr. YULEE. I state it distinctly, upon au-
thority.
Mr. WILSON. If that statement be correct,
I am for the Senator's amendment. 1 took my
