340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
'Mr. MORftlS, of Pennsylvania, stated thathe
Ixfid paired ofF with Mr. Ashmore, of South Car-
olina.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If I supposed it
would result beneficially, I would move that the
House now proceed to another vote. But, sir, I
think, in reference to the hour of the day and the
state of the feeling of the House, that it would be
more in accordance with its general sense that I
should move that the House nowadjourn. I there-
fore submit that motion.
Mr. COLFAX called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If gentlemen on
the other side prefer that a vote should be taken,
I shall be perfectly willing to withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn, if I do so,however, I trust gen-
tlemen on all sides of the House will agree that
after the next vote the House will adjourn. [Cries
of" No!" " No!" from the Republican side.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I think it probable that
some gentlemen, supposing that no further ballot
would bo taken this evening, have left the Hall;
and I am unwilling that there shouid4>e another
ballot now.
Mr. STANTON. I know that a number of
gentlemen upon this side have left the House, ex-
pecting there would be no further vote to-day.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I move to
adjourn.
Mr. HILL. I hope gentlemen will not insist
upon another vote when it is evident 110 good re-
sult will follow. ,
Mr. COLFAX. If gentlemen are willing to
take the responsibility of^djourning, let them do
so. We are willing to remain here and vote.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I am willing
to remain here as long as any other gentleman;
but 1 am not willing to sit here in making fruit-
less experiments, and in hearing gentlemen throw
out these insinuations of individual responsibility.
We are all willing to take our individual respons-
ibility upon this and every other question. But
the next ballot will result like the^ast, fruitless;
and if no other gentleman moves to adjourn, I
submit that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes to live o'clock, p. 111.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 5, 1860.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev.I'.D.CuHLB-.T.D.D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. B1CILER presented the petition of James
E. MoFarland, postmaster at Meadville, and
other citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that John
"VVightman may he < ompensated lor transporting
the "mail from Pittsburg to Erie, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of soldiers of
the war of 1812, residing at Ravenna, Ohio, pray-
ing the enactment of a law to grant pensions to
the soldieis of that war, and to the widows and
orphans of those deceased; wlueli was refened to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. IllCE presented the petition of Jacob
Bigelow, administrator of Francis Cazeau, pray-
ing th, it an amount inadvertently paid at the United
States Treasury to an impostor, may be lexpro-
priated for the use of the heirs of said Cazeau;
which wis referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. KING presented the petition of E. D. Mor-
gan and three hundred other citizens of the United
States, praying Congress to pass a law to prevent
all furtliei traffic in, and monopoly of, the public
lands of the United States, and that they be laid
out in farms are! lots of limited size for the free
and exclusive use of actual settlers; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
th" petty officers, seamen, ordinary seamen, and
landsmen, composing the crew of the receiving
slim Princeton, piaying that the pay of the crews
of 1-1 ceiving ships may be increased; which was
referred to "the Committee on Naval Allans.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of the
American P.aptist" Missionary Union, praying
that the land granted to that society by n treaty
between the United States and the Chippewa In-
dians, may be secured to it; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Mrs.
AnnW. Angus, widow of Captain Samuel Angus,
late an officer of the United States Navy, asking
the allowance of certain pay; which, with her pe-
tition on the files of the Senate, was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAUN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Br. W. M. Ryer, of Stock-
ton, California, praying compensation for vaccinating In-
dians in California, in accoidance with a contract made by
the United States Indian agent, on the tiles of the Senate,
be lefened to the Committee on Chums.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the memoual of the trustees of the pub-
lic schools of the city ot WaMmigton, District of Columbia,
prayinga grant of land, or a donation from the public Treas-
ury, to aid in the maintenance 01 the public pehoola of said
city, on the files ol the Semite, be refei red to the Committee
on "the Di>triet of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Order cd, That the memorial of John D. Colme«neI, pres-
ident of the Ohio and Mississippi Mail Line Company,
praying compensation for carrying the mail tn-weekly be-
tween Louisville, Kentucky, and New Orleans, I-.oiuM.infu
duiing the boating season of 1832 and 182$, on the files ot
the Senate, be refened to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Road*.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the memoual of Mills Judson, praying to
luivt: ici'umlud to him payments made on account of an al-
leged defalcation of the late I'tux-i Andicw I) Cio^y,;iml
to~V> leheved hom liability as one of his suieties. on the
lilc.s ot the Senate, be refened to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Anthony S. Robinson,
heir of Dr. John Hamilton Robinson, a citizen of the United
States, praying to be allowed compensation as a brigadier
geneial in'the Mexican aimy, dunug the struggle for inde-
pendence in that country, and indemnity for losses and
injuries sustained while acting m that capacity, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, Thatthe memorial of Mis. A. P. Dei rick, widow
of William S. Denirk, pra\*in«; compensation for thr ser-
vices ot hrrlatc husband as acting hccietarvof .State, on the
files ol the .Senate, be refened to the Committee on Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLIDELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 42)
for the relief of tin; heirs and lo^al representatives
of Mark Klislm; which was read twice by its title,
and referred, to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. HARLAN asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained,leave to introduced bill (S.No. 43)
for the relief of Solomon Wadsworth; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
NOTICE OK A BILL.
Mr. SLIDELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to prevent the issue
of small notes by the banks in the District of Co-
lumbia.
PIER AT LEAVES, DELAWARE.
Mr.SAULSBURY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the SeerctarvofWar ho, and he U hereby,
directed to communicate to the Senate a copy of the re-
port and estimates by Captain John Newton, Corps ol En-
trmccif. m icUtion to the conduction ot a whaif or pier
, Delnvaie.
gmeei
at I.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion uf Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered* That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday tiejsf.
MEMBERS OF COMMITTEES EXCUSED.
Mr. HAMMOND. I ask to bo excused from
further service 011 the Committee 011 Finance, and
move that the Chair fill the vacancy.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Toombs
was appointed to fill the vacancy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I notice that I am ap-
pointed one of the special committee to investi-
gate the Houmas land grant. I desire to be ex-
cused from serving oil that committee, and I beg
the Senate to excuse me.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Fostkr
was appointed to fill the vacancy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that I be excused
from service on the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, of which I am chairman, and that the
Chair be authorized to fill the vacancy.
The motion was agreed to.
the president's message.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion submitted by Mr. Bright, on the 27th
ultimo, to print the annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States and the accompanying
documents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
ia on referring the motion to the Committee on
Printing.
It was so referred.
  TIIEASUKY REPOKT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
business in order is the motion of the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,] to refer the an-
nual report of the Secretary of the Treasury to
the Committee on Finance, and that it be printed.
The latter motion will go to the Committee on
Printing.
The report was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BKxLER. If there be no further business
to transact, I move that the Senate do now ad-
journ. •
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 5, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. R. J. Cone.
'£ lie Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The CLERK announced as the business first
in order, the question of the admissibility of the
resolution proposed to be submitted on the 22d
ultimo by Mr. Winslow.
Mr. WINSLOW. I believe, with the permis-
sion of the House, I will withdraw that point of
order, as it is now the 5th of January.
The CLERK. Tire question then recurs upon
the, correction of the Journal, as requested by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.]
replacement of desks, etc.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask the consent
of the House to have read a resolution, which
will occupy but a moment. I do not ask that it
shall be received at this time.
The resolution was readforinformation,asfol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Superintendent-of Public Building
he directed to lepiace the desks and chairs in this Hail as
they wcie previous to their lemoval, and, to enable him to
do so without interrupting oui sittings, lie be also directed
to prepare tor our temporary occupancy the old Hall of the
House of Representatives.
TIIE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. REAGAN resumed the floor.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Will the gentleman
yield me the floor a moment?
Mr. REAGAN. 1 will for a moment, but not
for any extended discussion. I must this morn-
ing proceed with my remarks; and desire to do so
without interruption, in order that I may not oc-
cupy the floor longer than necessary.
Mr.MONTGOMERY. Mr. Clerk,on yestei-
duy the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,]
in some remarks that he made to this House, at-
tacked the proposition to have a temporary organ-
ization of this House, 011 the ground of its being
a violation of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to the fact that my col-
league [Mr. Colfax] is not yet present.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. He will be here be-
fore I have proceeded very far in my remarks.
Some days since I offered a proposition for a tem-
porary uiganization of this House, by the election
of Mr. Corwin, of the State of Ohio, as chairman
of this House for twenty-four hours; and I am
not willing that it shall go to the country that I
permitted a proposition which I had made to be
denounced, m my presence, as being unconstitu-
tional, and that I failed to respond to the charge.
I offered the resolution to elect Mr. Corwin chair-
man for twenty-four hours, in good faith. The
resolution which I then offered I send to the
Clerk's desk, and ask to have read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Hon. Tiiomas Corwin be elected
Speaker of this Ilonse for and during the period of twenty-
