2304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24.
trade with other countries, we adopted a policy
upon which, if it were open to debate, I shoul<i
have some opinions to express. As it is not,
however, and as the only question before us is
what we are to do with the Africans when cap-
tured, I think it is well that we should just here
review the policy we are pursuing, and Which we
are now about to extend.
We have entered into a joint agreement or con-
vention with Great Britain to keep a squadron on
the coast of Africa to prevent the deportation of
Africans to be carried to other countries as slaves.
Great Britain, in executing her part of the con-
tract, supplies her colonies with labor. The slaves
captured by Great Britain serve to furnish a cer-
tain number of Africans, under the name of ap-
prentices, to the colonies of Great Britain, where
they answer the purpose of laborers. The United
States, however, the other contracting party, are
taxed to support the Africans so taken on board
a vessel, who, being born slaves, only exchanged
a black for a white master; and now they are to
be taken charge of by the United States as pupils,
supported and educated, and our own people are
to be taxed to convert African slaves into some-
thing else.
I think, sir, that it is carrying sympathy, hu-
manity, or whatever it may be called, to an ex-
treme. Charity begins at home. I have no right
to tax our people in order that we may support
and educate the barbarians of Africa. I think we
should have discharged our whole duty if the
power of the United States had been exercised to
prevent the introduction of Africans into the Uni-
ted States: but we have taken upon ourselves the
police of the seas, which did not belong to us, and
now wegostill furtherthan that,and taxtheTreas-
ury in order to support and educate Africans who
may be found on board of slavers. I can 6nly
view it as an enormity—an oppressive enormity
upon the people of the United States; as a false
sentiment, actuating us to impose burdens upon
our own people for the benefit of those who have
no claim upon us; as adeparturefrom the purposes
ofthe Government—a usurpation ofa power which
was never conferred upon it. I would not con-
sent to take money from the Treasury to educate
our own people. With what propriety, then, can
I be asked to take money from the Treasury for
eleemosynary purposes towards the barbarians of
Africa? I throw out of consideration all collat-
eral matters, and merely look to the simple object.
That the slaves captured on the coast of Africa
should be taken back to the coast of Africa, and
the Africans turned loose as near their'former
residence as possible, may be the only means by
which we can get rid of them after we have taken
them. Having the wolf by the cars, the only ques-
tion is, how to let him go. To more than that I
cannot consent. I shall, therefore, vote against
the whole bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I take it for granted, sir,
that few persons will be disposed to deny that, in
taking upon us the form of a nation, we took
some of its common obligations—obligations rec-
ognized by the law of humanity, by the law of
the civilized world, as due from a nation assum-
ing to be anything, not only to the other nations
of the earth, but to the people of the earth. Well,
sir, I believe that publicists lay it down that the
first obligation of a nation is justice; that if a na-
tion does not seek to do justice, it becomes offens-
ive in the eyes of the world. 1 think, sir, it may
be a corollary from these propositions, that when
we took upon ourselves the form of a nation, we
at any rate entered into an implied obligation to
do something like justice, not only to the other
nations of the world, but to all people, whether
barbarian or civilized.
If that is true, I ask whether there is not some-
thing like an obligation resting upon us with refer-
ence to these people ? The Senator from Missis-
sippi assumes that they were originally slaves
That is an assumption—not a proposition sus-
ceptible of proof—or, atany rate, it is not one that
has been proved. But even suppose they were
slaves, they have been taken with violence from
their own country, by whom? By our people—
under our flag, to say the least—in our vessels, or
in vessels claiming and exercising our national
character. We have declared that trade, that un-
dertaking, whatever it may be—that business, if
you will call it by the name of business—to be
piracy, an offense against the. law of nations; and
it having been done under our flag and in our
name, it would seem to impose upon us the com-
mon obligation, which x-ests upon all people, to
repair the outrages done under our own name in
feome degree. That being the case with reference
to these Africans,taken by violence and fraud from
their own shores, against the law, piratically,
under the flag of the United States, and in pur-
suance of a trade which we have entered into an
obligation to suppress to a certain extent, what
would the Senator propose to do? Why, if taken
here,tothrowthemlooseonadesertisland; to turn
them loose somewhere, without support, without
friends, without aid—on our own shores or on
other shores—to do nothing whatever, but to leave
them to starve or to be taken by the first land
pirate or sea pirate that may choose to take them
anywhere. Sir, I apprehend that we should be
forgetful of all the obligations which rest upon us
as a people; we should be degrading ourselves in
the eyes of the civilized world,if we were guilty of
such gross inhumanity; pretending that we desire
to suppress the slave trade, and at the same time
leaving the unfortunate subjects of it to a worse
condition than to starve—to be preyed upon by
persons of the same description who have taken
tltem by violence from their own shores, for that
is the only alternative. The Senator proposes
none.
What shall we do with these people ? We have
taken them under our protection, and we have
rescued them from those who, under our name
and under our flag, placed them in that condition;
and yet, according to the Senator's reasoning, we
are to do nothing with them after that, but to leave
them to a fate worse than death—to a lingering
death, to say the least of it.
Now, I apprehend that the Senator, if he would
oppose jhis movement, should propose something
else. We have them; they are in our care. In
pursuance of law they are taken possession of by
us. If the Senator is unwilling that we should
do thus much which is proposed, what will he
do with these men, or, if you do not admit them
to be men or persons, these chattels having life?
Mr. CLINGMAN. To satisfy myself in my
vote—I believe I was not attending strictly to the
reading of the papers—if I understand it aright,
these people were on the sea, in a ship, in the hands
of those who were feeding them, and who would
have landed them, perhaps, on the Island of Cuba,
where they would have been fed and taken care
of. We have taken possession of them, and it
seems to me we ought not to place them in a worse
condition. Agreeing with the Senator from Mis-
sissippi as to the general policy of this arrange-
ment, as I do, yet it seems to me that as our ships
have gone by our orders and taken these people
out of the hands of those who would at least have
preserved them from starvation, we ought not to
put them in a worse position; and on that ground
alone, as our naval officers have upon our orders
taken them out of the hands of the slave-traders,
who would at least have kept them alive and pro-
vided for them, I vote for this bill. My friend
fromTexas [Mr. Wigfali.] suggested to me that
they would have been placed on the Island of
Cuba, and probably well fed and taken care of
there. If we just turn them adrift on the coast of
Africa, tlfey will starve to death; and it seems to
me we shall do a great wrong to these people if
we take possession of them and place them on
•the coast of Africa, where they are strangers.
Therefore, as a mere matter of humanity, with-
out any regard to the policy of these laws, I think
we owe it to them, if we do land them on the
coast of Africa, to make some provision to keep
them alive. The Senator from Florida [Mr. Yu-
lee] suggests to me that his people will take care
of them without charge. That is true; but he is
as well aware as I am that, under our existing
statutes, it is impracticable to land them on our
own coast and have them taken care of in Florida.
That is impossible; and 1 merely wish to say that
as a matter of humanitv, not to injure them 
Mr. FESSENDEN." I should like to know
how long a speech the Senator means to make in
interruption of me.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg pardon, I will not
interrupt the Senator further. I merely wanted
to know if I was right in this view of the facts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a very elevated view
ofthe facts, and I appreciate the elevation of the
view, that inasmuch as we have declared the trade
to be piracy; inasmuch as we have declared those
engaged in it to be pirates, and inasmuch as we
declared these people to be subjects of piracy, and
undertaken to say that we will put an end to it,
therefore the proper course to take is, to reduce
those people to slavery—put them on the shore to
which they were going, where they can be fed
and worked ! *
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator misunder-
stood me. I said we prevented their being taken
to where they would be taken care of, and there-
fore if we return them to Africa without making
provision for them, we shall only do them an
injury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator agreed with
me on that subject, there was no need of his mak-
ing a speech until I got through. I was inquiring
of the Senator from Mississippi what he proposed
to do with them. He is opposed to this appro-
priation, as I understand—opposed to the whole
policy. Well, now, what can be done? Either
they are to be turned loose, to be landed on the
coast of Africa, and taken possession of by those
who sent for them, and feu and worked; or they
are to be permitted to die where they are, and
where, as I understand, they are dying rapidly;
or else we must make provision for them in some
way. "What provision does the Senator propose
to make ? This is a very simple one—that we re-
turn them to the coast of Africa. That will cost
something. We must send them back. We are
not goin°r to turn them into the woods; we are not
going to land them in a strange place without food
and without shelter. The Senator certainly does
not propose that; his well-known character v/ould
forbid such a supposition. What shall we do?
Shall we do any less than this?
Sir, it is the only thing that can be done; and,
unless the Senator from Mississippi proposes
some other way in which the common demands
of justice upon us by a people who have been in-
jured under our name and through our means and
under our flag may be met, it is certainly not
enough. I would suggesttohim as a legislator, to
say that he is opposed to this system which we
have heretofore adopted. Sir, it is a very slight
provision; and is it enough of an answer to say
that it costus a little money ? Why, sir, we have
money enough for all reasonable purposes. This
is a great nation, people say. We vaunt that wo
are a great people; that we are a rich peopk; that
we fear not all Europe combined ; that we fear not
all the world in arms. We must have material
strength to have attained that proud position; and
if we have, is it an argument to us that it cost? a
few thousand dollars to do the commonest and
merest ordinary justice to a few miserable, de-
graded, ignorant savages that our force and our
fraud have wrested from their homes, and brought
here to be made slaves of, if we do not take care
of them in some way ?
Now, sir, I think that this bill makes a very
slight provision, and that the little money which
it will take to do this common justice by these
people, (for I must call them people,) these indi-
viduals, these persons—for they are certainly en-
titled to personality—is what we ought not to
object to under circumstances like these.
'Mr. DAVIS, The Senator from Maine has
made his own case, and no doubt answered it to
lus own satisfaction. Even one of less ability
could have done that. Nominally, he has as-
sumed to be answering me. He has not done it.
In order to make his speech, he had first to as-
sume that I had said something very unlike that
which 1 did say. The bill which is lying on the
table is not confined to the simple purpose for
which the Senator speaks. In opposing this bill,
therefore, I opposed something more than that to
which he directs his argument.
Again, sir: I did not propose to turn these cap*
tured Africans loose on a desert island, to be
caught-up by pirates and made slaves, I said
that if we engaged in the matter of stopping the
trade elsewhere than on our coast, we fulfilled our
duty, I thought, to the captured slaves by send-
ing fhem back to the country from which they
were brought, as nearly as we could find it. Now
the Senator assumes that they were not slaves
there, for he says they were taken by violence
by persons under the flag of the United States. Is
it true, sir, that the little crews that go out on the
craft with which the Senator is more familiar than
myself—for they go from his country, and not
