1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26.
derC. Washburn, EHilm B. Washburne, Wells, and Win-
dom—60. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdale, liarr, Barrett, Bocoek, Boteler, Boyce,
Branch, Briggs, Brfstow, Burch, Burnett, Campbell, John
B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox,
James Craig, liorton Craige, Crawford, Curry, H. Winter
■ Davis, John <1. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnctte, Dunn,
Edmundson, Etheridge, Florence, Fouke,French, (Jarnett,
Gartrell, Gihner, Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris,
John T. flams,liatton, Hickman, IliU, Himlnian. Holman,
Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, ICeitt, Kenyon,
Kunkel, Lamar,Landrum,JamesM. Leach, Leake, Logan,
Love, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert 3. Maitin, Me-
Knight, McPherson, McQueen, McRae, Mile-j, Millson-
Millward, Montgomery, Laban T.Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Nibiaek, Niwn,Noell,
Phelps, Porter, Prvor, Pugh,Q,uarles,Ueagan, Itiggs, James
C. llobinson, Hutlin, Schwartz, Scott, Scranton, Si mill's
Singleton, William Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, Thayer, Thomas, Trimble,
Underwood, Vallandigham, Whiteley, Wmslow, Wood-
son, and Wright—109.
So the resolution was rejected.
Pending the above call,
Mr. DUNN said: I move that the resolution be
laid upon the. table.
Mr. PHELPS. That motion is not in order.
The Clerk has proceeded with the call of the roll,
and there lias been a response; and pending the
cull of the roll no other business is in order.
The roll-call must be proceeded with.
Mr. DUNN. I made my motion in time.
Mr. PHELPS. The call of the roll was pro-
ceeded with, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] answered in the affirmative.
Mr. HINDMAN. And I heard his response.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk has recorded the
name of the gentleman from Massachusetts in the
affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS. Then the motion to lay upon
the table is not in order and cannot be received.
Tho SPEAKER. Such is the decision of the
Chair. The motion of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Dijnn,] that the resolution be laid
upon the table, was not made until the call of the
roll was commenced and there was a response,
and it is of course out of order, and cannot be
entertained.
Mr. KILLINGKR. What becomes of my ob-
jection? 1 objected to the resolution.
Mr, SICKLES. I ask that the resolution be
read.
Mr. DAVIDSON, and others. It is too late.
There has been a response.
Mr. GARNETT I hope that there will be
no objection to the rending of the resolution.
Mr. DAVIDSON. The resolution has been
read twice already.
Mr. KILL1NGER. I insist on my point of
order. I objected to the introduction of the reso-
lution. What becomes of that objection ?
Tile SPEAKER. It came too late. [Cries
of "Call the roll!"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the rule
be enforced, and that members shall not be al-
lowed to go near the Clerk's desk during-1 he vote.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope that the resolution
will be read, so that we may all know exactly
what it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair consider
that the call has been commenced?
The SPEAKER. Tho Clmir has already so
decided.
Mr. HOUSTON . Will the reading of tRe res-
olution interfere with the. call of the roll?
The SPEAKER. It will not suspend tho call
of the roll.
Mr. COLFAX. It is merely a resolution of
inquiry, and not mandatory; and being willing
to inquire into the expediency, 1 shall Vote " ay."
Mr. BLAKE. I ask that the resolution be rend
again. lamsurethatitisnutundeistood by mem-
bers,
Mr. HILL. I wish to remaik that this reso-
lution has been read twice; and, to my astonish-
ment, the mover now calls for the rereading of it.
1 hat certainly cannot be necessary for informa-
tion.
.Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to all debate during
the call of the roll.
M1-. HILL. Whenever any gentleman rises in
his place and demands the reading of a resolution
for information, he ought to have it read.
Air. HINDMAN. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have the res-
olution read.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object.
Mr. TAPPAN. I did not hear the resolution
read, and I want to know what it is before I vote
on it.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order,
and I hope tile Chair will preserve order. Tho
roll has been ordered to be called ; the call was
commenced, and there has been a response; and
nothing is in order except the call of the roll.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not have the
call interfered with by the reading of the resolu-
tion. The call will be recommenced after the name
ofMr. Adams.
Mr. HILL. That is all I ask.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 rise to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair, for information. After the read-
ing of the resolution will it be in order to move
to lay the resolution upon the tabl#
The SPEAKER. It will not be.
The resolution was then reaif.
Mr .-JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, [cries
of " Call the roll!"] I desire to ask whether tho
first vote is not upon the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon agreeing to the resolution. [Cries
of " Call the roll!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. [Cries of " Order!"] I de-
sire to ask whether the question is now upon the
adoption of the resolution, or upon the adoption
of the resolution and preamble?
The SPEAKER. It is upon tho adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. And not upon the pream-
ble?
The SPEAKER. The preamble is another
thing; ami this vote has nothing to do with the
preamble.
The Clerk resumed the call of the roll.
During the continuance of the call, the follow-
ing proceedings took place:
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to state thatmy col-
league, Mr. Anderson, was called from the House
unexpectedly, and I know be will regret his ab-
sence at this tune. [Laughter.] I cannot imagine
what gentlemen are laughing at. Gentlemen may
be laboring under an impression which I do not in-
tend to permit them to labor under They shall
not impute anything wrong to me.
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 do not intend myself to
impute anything wrong to the gentleman, but I
have tb<! right tu comment upon the absence of
the colleague of tin1 gentleman.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to gentlemen that
my colleague was called from the House before
he knew that this resolution was to be introduced.
Mr. BARR, when his name was called said:
I desire tu say a word in reference to my vote. I
am opposed to all this agitation of the slavery
rpiestion in every sense. [" Order!" "order!"]
Mr.' BOULIGNY. I am paired off with Mr.
Ashley, of Ohio. If I were to vote I should vote
"no."
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Burniiam was
paired off with Mr. Sickles.
Mr. DAVIDSON. My colleague on the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills [Mr. Tiieaiier] is de-
tained from the House, and I cannot vote while
he is absent. If 1 could vote, I should vote "no."
Mr. DAWES. Last week I paiicd off upon all
questions of this character with Mr. Webster,
of Maryland; otherwise I should vote in the qf-
fn-mative.
Mr. FRANK stated thatMr. Perry was paired
off with Mr. Maci.ay.
Mr. KILGORE. I desire to give the
sons 
Mr. BURNETT.
The SPEAKER.
Mi. KILGORE. Will the gentleman allow
me to give the reasons for my vote?
Mr. tiURNETT. No, sir; vote "ay" or "no,"
without explanation.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, when his name
was called, said: I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Kilgore] to give his attention a mo-
ment. I believe he paired me off with Mr. Case
until twelve o'clock to-day.
Mr. KILGORE. That is so; and I would be
glad, as Mr. Case is not here, if the gentleman
would extend his pair until Wednosday.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. As 1 have a right
to vote, I vote "no." I would disgrace my dis-
trict should I make an explanation
to give
I object to all debate.
All debate is out of order.
Mr. STOKES stated that Mr. Maynard was
paired off with Mr. Stratton.
Mr. LOGAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
McClernand, was paired off withJVir. Kellogg,
of Illinois, for the day.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I desire to an-
nounce the pair of my colleague, Mr. Peyton,
(who has been called home by the sickness of his
daughter,) with Mr. Wood, from the 24th of
March, for twenty days.
It was stated that Mr. Fenton was detained in
his room by illness.
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that Mr. Moorhead
was paired off with Mr. Lamar on all questions
on which there might be an antagonism between
them.
Mr. BRABSON stated that Mr. Nelson was
paired off with Mr. Kilunger.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to have
the 42d rule read, requiring all members present
to vote. I want it read now during the call of the
roll, as I notice that several members have de-
clined to vote. I want every man in the House
to vote on this resolution.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
rule cannot be read now.  
Mr. SICKLES. I have paired off with Mr.
Burniiam, of Connecticut, upon this and kindred
questions; otherwise I would have been glad to
extinguish this firebrand bv voting " no."
Mr! STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I was
paired off with Mr. Clemens until to-day; but as
he is not here, I decline to vote.
Mr. GILMER stated that Mr. Vance was
paired off with Mr. Covode.
Mr. McKNIGllT stated that Mr. Verree was
paired off.
Mr. ENGLISH. I was not within the bar of
the House when my name was callcd; had I been
present, I should have voted " no."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM stated that his col-
league, Mr. Pendleton, was detained from the
House by sickness.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask leave to
vote, I think I was in the adjoining room when
my name was called.
Objection was made.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I desire to say
that if 1 had been present 1 should have voted
" no."
Mr. BRABSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to vote. 1 was out when my name
was called. 1 hope there will be no objection.
Mr. KUNKEL. I object.
Mr. GARNETT. I iiope it will be agreed all
around that gentlemen upon all sides may vote.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have voted; but lest I might
.lose the opportunity, I wish to state that I shall
ask for the enforcement of the 42d rule, which re-
quires every member in the House to vote. I
have seen several gentlemen sitting in their seats
and not voting, and the only way left, if they re-
fuse to comply with the rule, is to pass a vote of
censure upon them, and I shall designate mem-
bers by name and move a vote of censure unless
they vote.
Mr. KILLINGER stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Nelson.
Mr. FRENCH. I did not answer when my
name was called, because I was not certain of the
purport of the resolution. I have examined it,
and regard it as ill-advised and ill-considered.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to all debate upon
this vote.
Mr. FRENCH. I am opposed to negro slavery,
and will resist its extension into territory where
it does not now exist. So far as this resolution is
applicable to that institution, I have no particular
objection to it; but as it proposes to give freedom
to every individual, and may be fairly construed
to apply to criminals m the penitentiary m this
District, and to convicts under the laws of the
United States everywhere, I am opposed to it, ana
shall vote " no."
Mr. JENKINS. In reference to this matter of
pairing off, I want to know if one gentleman can
pair off with another gentleman upon the same
side; and whether, if a gentleman is paired off with
another who would vote in the negative, he does
not thereby practically put himself upon the af-
firmative of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot settle these
questions of pairs. It does not belong to the or-
