THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C.
Thirty-Sixth Cowgress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 25, 1860.
New Series No. 204.
Mr. NICHOLSON, (who at first voted in the
negative.) I withdraw ray vote; 1 forgot that I
had been paired off with the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Grimes.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, the Senator's vote will be withdrawn.
Mr. BIGLER. I was also paired off, and I
desire to withdraw my vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and leave will be granted.
Mr. PUfiH. I voted in the negative with the
expectation of another conference, but as I am in
favor of the principle of this amendment, I change
my vote, and vote in the affirmative.
The result was announced—yeas 24, nays 15;
as fellows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brag", Brown,ClmmUer, Ches-
nut, Clark, Doolittlo, Fes^ndrn, Foot, Grcon, Hale, Ham-
lin, HainnioiHi, Harlan, Hemphill, Latham, Polk, I'ugh,
Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wiguill, and Wil-
eon—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Ciittenden, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatriek,
Gwin, Hunter, Johnson of Tenne^ee, Lane, Mulloiy, Ma-
son, Peatce, Powell, Itice, Toombs, and Yulee—lo.
So the amendment of the House was concurred
in.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 move a reconsideration of
the vote by which the amendment was agreed to,
and I ask for the present consideration of the
motion.
Mr. BRAGG. I hope it is not the purpose of
the Senator from Rhode Island to take advantage
of the present state of the Senate to-night. It "is
very evident that there was a different view of the
question when the Senate was full.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think it is about time to
end this controveisy, when men change their
votes for the purpose of moving a reconsideration.
I want to try it now.
Mr. BRAGG. 1 believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina has the floor.
Mr. SIMMONS. I had not surrendered it.
Mr. BRAGG. I thought you had. You had
taken your seat.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from North
Carolina will allow me, I will move an adjourn-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I will state to
the Senate that there is another amendment to
this hill, on which the Senate have not yet
acted.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a motion to adjourn
pending.
Mr. YULEE. I should be glad if this bill
could be laid aside for the present, and the post
route bill taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is before the Senate.
The question being taken, there were, on a di-
vision—ayi-s 19, noes 22.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the adjournment.
Several Senators. It is too late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The result of
the vote had been declared; but as a motion to
adjourn is always in oider, the Chair will enter-
tain the call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messr<. Bragg. Clui-mut, Crittenden, Davis,
Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foot. Hammond, Hunter, Johnson of
TennevseCjMallory, iNlas-on, Nicholson, l'eatee, Polk, Pow-
ell, Rice, Toombs, and Yule«;—1D.
NAYS—Messr>. Anthony, Brown. Chandler,Claik, Doo-
littlo, ])urkee, Fe^eiiden, Green. Gwin, Hale, Hamlin,
Il.ui.in, Hemphill, FCmjj, Lane, Latham, Pu°h, Simmons,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wtgiall, and Wilson—21.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. PUG1I. I undeistand that the question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island, to reconsider the vote by which the Sen-
ate concurred in the House amendment. 1 hope
the Senate will reconsider that vote, and yet adopt
the proposition of the Senator from Maryland.
The language of this amendment, and some of
its provisions, are not acceptable to me; and yet
I am in favor of restoring a great portion of this
service on fair terms. Therefore, I voted first in
204
the negative, in the hope of a conference; but I
could not leave that vote on record after a major-
ity had voted otherwise; because I think the ex-
igencies of the Post Office Department have driven
the Postmaster General, within the last twelve
months, to make reductions which are not war-
ranted by law, which will result in our being
compelled to pass a large number of private bills
hereafter. But, sir, I dislike to see this bill lost
either between the two Houses, or by a veto from
the President, which would result, of course, m
our being called together again. I think a little
prudence and moderation will satisfy all hands.
1 have reason to believe that the House are will-
ing to compromise with the Senate upon a fair
and reasonable proposition that ought to satisfy
all of us. Therefore, 1 hope the motion to recon-
sider will prevail; and that we shall have one
more conference. If not, it will then be time
enough for us to vote for the House amendment.
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not altogether like the
provision myself; but I certainly do not intend,
by the vote I havecast, to censure the Postmaster
General. At this late hour of the session, it is
utterly impossible to go into particular, and I
think we had better pass this bill asit stands,
which put everything in the state m winch it was
before the loss of the appropriation bill at the last
session, and let the Government go on. We have
had three orfourcomimttees of conference already
on this business, and we may have forty with the
same result. We had better, I think, just agree
to the bill as it is; but I vote for it disc burning any
intention to censure the Postmaster Genera!, and
1 do not think the Postmaster General ought to
take it as a censure.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senate has three or four
times expressed its opinion upon the amendment
to this bill, and every tune differently from the
decision just announced. Now, sir, the provision
which has come from the House is, in no respect,
a compromise of the proposition which the Sen-
ate struck out of the original bill by its amend-
ment. It is, in fact, more objectionable, because
the first provided that the restoration of service
should notextend to routes which had expired by
the limitations of the contract; and this removes
that restriction, and extends the restoration of the
service to all those contracts which have expired
by their own limitation. In that respect, I say it
is moie objectionable than the bill was as it ori-
ginally came from the House.
Well now, sir, it is manifest that the vote
which we have taken to-night has been the result
of the non-attendance of members of the Senate.
I do not'desire to see the deliberate sense of the
Senate, which has been three different times ex-
pressed, overborne by an accidental majority to-
night. I wish to have at least a fair expression
of the sense of the Senate when it may be tolera-
bly full. For that reason, I hope we shall not
proceed further with it to-night; and I renew the
motion to adjourn, and ask for the veas and nays
upon it.
Mr. SIMMONS. If it is the purpose 
Mr. PEARCE. The motion is not debatable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is not debatable. The yeas and nays
are call'ed for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to ask for in-
formation, whether a motion to adjourn can be
renewed after one has been voted down, when
there has been no intervening business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. I believe the
general rule is, that a motion to adjourn is always
in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have known some people
who are always certain to vote for it. [Laugh-
ter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Biaj.% Chesrwt, Crittenden, Davis,
Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Hammond, Hunter, John-on of Ton-
ne^see, Maliory, Ma^on, Niohol-on, Peurce, Polk, Powell,
Push, Ihcc, Toomb?!, and Yulee—19.
NAYtf—Messrs. Anthony, Biowu, Chandlei, Clark, Doo-
little, Hurkee, Fessenden, Foot, Giecn, Gwin, Hale, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Hemphill, King, Lane, Latham, Simmons,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wigfall, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—24.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. YULEE. I now move that we postpone
the present consideration of this bill, and pfoceed
to conclude the post route bill, upon which we
were engaged.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish merely to say one
word to correct the Senator from Maryland,
who says we have a thin Senate. On every test
vote that we have had upon this question, it will
be found that twenty-four Senators have never
voted to disagree with the House—not more than
that at any rate. Twenty-four Senators have
now voted to agree with the House in this amend-
ment, and I think that is as large a vote as has
ever been given by the Senate on the other side
of this question. If that is so, there is nothing in
the suggestion the Senator from Maryland has
made, that he wants this question tested in a full
Senate. I do not believe there have been twenty-
four Senators, or exceeding1 that number, who
have voted against this amendment of the House,
which he says is now substantially as it was be-
fore. If so, there is nothing in the reason which
he has given for this attempt by dilatory motions
made by him to prevent the action of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I have voted uniformly, until
to-night, against the movement of the House, in
tavor of what has heretofore been the majority of
the Senate. I reversed my vote, not accidentally,
but upon a deliberate calculation, and for a pur-
pose. If the postal service is to be cut down, let
it be cut down uniformly, and do not be bringing
in lulls hero to establish special postal service.
If the postal service is to be cut down in my
State, then let it be cut down everywhere else. I
am unwilling, by the mere edict, or, if that he an
offensive word, I will say the mere authority of
a Postmaster General, to see the inland service
stricken down everywhere, and then special con-
tracts made with this ocean line and that ocean
line, and this overland route and that overland
route; so that the whole revenues of the Post
Office Department are absorbed in these special
legislative contracts. The people who live on the
hill-tops and in the valleys, on the by-ways and
around the hedges, are to be denied all postal
service, that special jobs may be let out to special
parties.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask my friend from Missis-
sippi what the Postmaster General has to do with ■
any special jobs? That is senatorial.
Mr. BROWN. I am speaking to that very
point. 1 am unwilling that Congress shall vote
special jobs, and absorb the whole postal revenue,
and then allow the Postmaster General to strike
down the service in my country. I am willing to
say I set this order aside, and restore the service
at whatever cost, that my people living by the by-
ways and along the hedges may get their due
proportion of the service while it is going. If
millions upon millions of dollars are to be voted
in spccidl contracts to carry the mails in ocean
steamers and upon overland routes by three or
four separate lines to the Pacific slope, then I am
unwilling to stand by and see the neighborhood
service in my own State and throughout all the
Atlantic States stricken down by the mere order
of the Postmaster General. I choose, if this thing
is to be done, that Congress shall interpose its
authority and say, " restore this service."
I know, sir, where the money comes from that
pays for this service. I know that a large pro-
portion of it comes from the pockets of my con-
stituents—a very large proportion when you
weigh their numbers against the expenditures of
the Government. I want, while they pay more
than their due proportion, that they shall have at
least some portion of the benefit resulting from
the postal service. The Postmaster General, by
a mere stroke of his pen, has cut down the postal
service throughout all the Atlantic States; and
Congress is doing—what? While you refuse to
restore this character of service, you are voting
special contracts for overland routes find ocean
