2806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24',
I shall not discuss, which I do not approve—no-
body had hitherto suggested, at all events, that
anything else could be done with those slaves than
to take them back to Africa.
Now, if we take them back there, we have to
do one of two things: either restore them exactly
to the position in which they were, or to a position
equally favorable to themselves. I suppose it
would be a matter of almost absolute impossibil-
ity to take every captive African and put him just
back where he was when taken away from his
home. It is a matter that we have nothing to do
with. We are not bound to go in search of the
domicile of each one of the liberated captives, and
take him just back to where he was originally
taken from; but we take him back and put him
as far on his way home as we can, and at the
same time pay just regard to the dictates of hu-
manity.
Now the Africans are to be taken back to the
coast of Africa. That seems to be admitted by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi. When
they are taken there, what is to be done with
them ? Nobody proposes to cast them loose upon
the shore, either at places where there are no in-
habitants to take care of them, or at places where
there is no cultivation, in the wild woods or upon
the open shore. Nobody can suggest such a
proposition as that. Nobody has done it. They
must be fed. They must be fed for a short time,
and sheltered and clothed until they can take care
of themselves.
Mr. DAVIS. Why not at the place where they
were shipped, I would ask the Senator? They
are shipped at a particular place.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They are shipped at a
particular place; but surely the Senator from
Mississippi would not suggest, after we had en-
gaged to endeavor to suppress the slave trade,
that, under the pretext (for it would be but a pre-
text) of assisting in its suppression, we should
take the slaves off the ships and carry them back
to the barracoons to be there held in slavery and
sold to another trader. That would not be help-
ing to suppress the slave trade in good faith, and
therefore 
Mr. DAVIS. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator, but it seems to me exactly the thing we
did agree to do. We did not agree after we cap-
tured them to send them back anywhere. We
agreed to keep eighty guns by the treaty to which
he referred, to prevent the slave trade; that is, the
exportation of Africans from the coast of Africa,
That was what wo agreed to do.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not myself construe
the obligations of our Government as the Senator
from Mississippi docs. I think it was understood
between Great Britain and this country when
that treaty was madt;, that we would endeavor
to stop the slave trade on the coast of Africa by
rendering it impossible to prosecute it; and we
expected to do that by capturing vessels engaged
in it. I do not think myself—other gentlemen
may take a different view of the obligation—that
it would he consistent with fair dealing between
this Government and Great Britain to take these
slaves off the ships and take them back to the
barracoons to be resold. That is my view of
our national obligation. If I am right in that
view of it—and lam firmly convinced [ am right,
I do not say I may not be mistaken—that it is
our duty under that treaty fairly to arrest, as far
as we can, the prosecution of the slave trade,
then something else must be done with these
slaves besides putting them back in the hands of
the slave-traders and slave-dealers on the coast.
Now, they may be put anywhere on the coast.
The only question is, what is the most convenient
place ? tinder the law, as it now stands, the Pres-
identof the United States is authorized to appoint
an agent on the coast of Africa to receive and
take charge of the slaves earned back to the coast,
and to provide for their immediate wants. The
President says that that costs more than to make
a contract with this society, which will take better
care of them at a less cost. The question is one
then, purely, practically, of expediency. If we
do not pass this bill, we leave the law as it stands;
and then the President has his own agents on the
coast, and they, at the'expense of the Govern-
ment, are to receive these slaves and provide for
them, costing more than it would cost the coun*
try under this bill, and with less regard to the
benefit of these captives. Is it an objection to the
bill that we do the captives some benefit; that we
provide for their physical wants for a short time,
until they can provide for themselves? I fully
agree with the honoiable Senator from Missis-
sippi, that wc have no duty to perform in icgard
to their education, nor in regard to any charity
towards them, except the plamestandcommonest
principles of humanity, which would dictate that
we must not put them where they are certain to
starve, where they are certain to perish by ex-
posure and want of food. We must, when we
have taken them out of this Slave ship, where, at
least, they were provided with food and shelter,
and when we put them upon thu coast of Afiica,
provide food and shelter for them temporarily, for
the moment. That I consider wo arc fairly bound
to do, if we mean to carry out the provisions of
the treaty.
If a motion is made towards abrogating the
treaty; if the policy of the treaty is to be taken
into consideration, a large class of subjects will
be opened up which, I have no doubt, would oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate for days, if not
for weeks; but now I suggest that all we have to
do is this: to say what shall be done with the
negroes, as they are captured and brought m this
country for adjudication under the treaty as it
stands. All or nearly all admit that they cannot
be kept in this country. Our friends who are in
favor of the liberation of the African negroes, I
believe, would not be willing to receive them at
home and take care of them at the North. I do
not believe the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid So-
ciety would accept them and agree to take care of
them. I do not believe an abolition community
in the North, the most abolition of all, would be
willing to receive them and take care of them. At
all events, they are incapable of giving an intelli-
gible assent to anything on the subject. Our
duties arc finished, under our treaty obligations,
when we carry them back to the coast. Then
the sole practical question remaining is, shall they
be thrown upon the coast loose to starve, or shall
some provision for a temporary period be made
to provide them with the absolute necessaries of
life ? I do not suppose that there can be a ques-
tion about that; and if we only confine ourselves
to the question before us, there can be but very
little debate upon the subject.
As to the proposition of confining this legisla-
tion to the slcives now upon the coast of Florida,
I would have no objection to it whatever, if we
were certain that no more would be brought in,
and this subject would not be brought before us
again during the course of the present session.
The President tells us in his message, and there
is reason to apprehend, there will be other cap-
tures of the same kind. The slaves will be landed
upon the coast. Shall this subject be brought
anew, with a fresh act, every time a cargo of
negroes is captured ? In the mean time the officers
of the Government are not provided with instruc-
tions or directions what to do. What is the first
i?ection of the bill, sir? It ;s an authority to the
President to make a contract. Fie asked for
authority to make a permanent contract. Now,
under that authority, if given, the President might
make a contract for ten, twenty, o thirty years.
We were not disposed, we did not think it pru-
dent for the Judiciary Committee, to authorize the
President to make a permanent contract to bind
the Government for any indefinite number of
years. We thought, if we made a contract for the
next five years, that if the society would receivc
such Africans as might be captured, upon a rea-
sonable basis, that was long enough to contract
ahead; and in the absence of legislation by Con-
gress, he might renew that contract from time to
time, and under that contract bind the society to
give these people food, shelter, and clothing for
six months, until they can look around and take
care of themselves, to save them from starvation.
I trust, therefore, as the measure is one purely
to carry out the provisions of the treaty, and as
no better proposition is made, that there will be
no difficulty in passing it.
Mr. DAVIS. I promised the Senate not to say
anything more on this subject, and will not do
it; but I ask the Secretary to read the eighth and
ninth articles of the treaty of Washington, bet-
ter known as the Ashburton treaty, of the 9th of
August, 1842.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"Art. S. 7'ho parties mutually stipulate, that each shall
prepare, equip, and maintain in service, on the coast of
Africa, a sufficient nnd adequate squadron, or naval force
of vessels of suitable numbers and descuption?, tocairy,
in all, not less than eighty guns, to enfoice, sepaiately ami
respectively, the laws, rights, and obligations ot each of
the two countries, lor the suppression of the Mave tiade,
the said squadrons to be independent of each other; but
the two Governments stipulating, nevertheless, to give buch
orders to the officers commanding their respective foi ees as
shall enable them most effectually to act in concert and co-
operation upon mutual consultation, as exigencies may
ari&e, for the attainment of the true object of this aiticle;
copies of all such orders to be communicated.byeach Gov-
ernment to the other, respectively.
"Art. 9. Whereas, notwithstanding all efforts which may
be made on the coast of Afiica lor suppressing the slave
trade, the facilities for carrying on that traffic, and avoid-
ing the vigilance of cruiseis, by the fraudulent use of flags
and other means, are so great, and the temptations for pur-
suing it, while a market can befound for slaves, stiong, 113
that the desired result may be long delayed, unless all mar-
kets be shut against the purchase of African negroes; the
parties to this tieaty agree that they will unite in all be-
coming representations and remonstinnees with any and all
Powers withm whose dominions such markets are alioweo
to exists and that they will urge upon all such Powers the
propuety and duty of closing such maikets effectually, at
once and torever."
Mr. MASON Mr. President, so far as I have
considered this subject, it is really environed with
difficulties, and very great difficulties. I was per-
fectly correct in my recollection of that treaty,
which was different from the view taken of it by
the honorable Senator from Louisiana. The
treaty stipulates nothing more than that a naval
annament of a certain amount shall be kept by
the United States on the coast of Africa for the
purpose of preventing the exportation of negroes
from Africa in ships of the United States. So far
as there is any duty to stop the slave trade in
American ships, it is confined entirely to a treaty
stipulation to keep a certain naval armament on
the coast of Africa.
Now, sir, I am very clear in this opinion, that
all the difficulties attending this subject grow out
of the fact that the legislation upon this subject
commenced upon the wrong basis. I am one of
those who never could sec any warrant in the
Constitution by which the United States under-
took to suppress the slave trade—never. I do not
go into the question of the humanity, or the pol-
icy, or the wisdom of suppressing the slave trade.
My opinions upon those points may be of known
character; but they do not at all affect the ques-
tion of constitutional law. I never did see in the
Constitution any warrant for the United States to
put a stop to the slave trade. However, we have
taken that start, and I am willing to admit, so far
as I can understand now the policy that governs
the Congress, we cannot get back from that posi-
tion. Then, as to the practical question 
Mr. BENJAMIN. W"ill the Senator permit
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is simply to read an ar-
ticle of the treaty of Ghent, which has not been
read. It is the tenth article of that treaty. I had
taken up the volume of treaties; hut my friend
from Maryland [Mr. PearoeJ found the article
for me:
'• Whereas the traffic in slaves i=? Irreconcilable with the
puneiples of human.ty and justice, and whereas both his
Mnjestv and the United States are desuous of continuing
their efforts to promote its entire abolition: it is hereby
agreed that J?oth the contracting parties shall use their best
endeavois to accomplish so desirable an object "
It is under that article that I said the obligation
rests on the faith of our Government.
Mr. MASON. The United States can inter-
fere no further, certainly, than as it affects its own
ships. Now, I would agree with the honorable
Senator that, under the obligations of the treaty
of Ghent, the whole discretion is reserved to the
United States, not to omit any fair or reasonable
exertion of power to stop the slave trade m ves-
sels of the United States; and, so far as I under-
stand, the Government has done it; but the prac-
tical difficulty arises, as I have said, from taking
the wrong start on the subject. As I read tho
Constitution of the country and the theory of the
Government, this question should have been left
with the States, and with the States only, ft is a
question that belongs to the States, and should
never have been wrested from them by legislation.
I do not believe the Constitution did it. The
State of Virginia, long before the adoption of the
Constitution, passed a law, as it was perfectly
competent to do, prohibiting, under very severe
and adequate penalties, the importation of slaves
from Africa into the State of Virginia. That law
