1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
as the Chair supposes, to decide whether it is a
question of privilege or not.
Mr. GROW. The Chair can submit the ques-
tion to the House.
The SPEAKER. Not unless the Chair is in
doubt.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to state a fact which,
perhaps, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr Bo-
cock] has overlooked. I am glad to find gentle-
men upon the other side so anxious for the main-
tenance and observance of the rules; but I wish
to call attention to the fact that the gentlemen
who have insisted on speaking when called to
order and instructed by the Chair to take their
seats, have been members upon his own side of
the House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I coll the
gentleman from Indiana to order. His remarks
are not pertinent to thi'question before the House.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Virginia why, if he is so vigilant for an en-
forcement of the rules, he has overlooked these
breaches of the rules heretofore ?
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman has himself
been called to order. Why does not he take his scat?
Mr. KILGORE. I suppose I have the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. I understand that I am speak-
ing by the consent of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. J Joe* the gentleman from Arkansas call
me to order ?
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina called you to order.
Mr. COLFAX. Then, I will set an example
to gentlemen opposite by taking my seat.
Mr. KILGORE. Mr. Speaker, there is, per-
haps, no gentleman in this House who would re-
gret a vote of censure by his peers more than I
would. 1 was anxious to east my vote upon that
resolution; but 1 did not desire to be placed in an
awkward position. A portion of that resolution
I indorse heartily; a portion of it, although it pro-
poses tin inquiry merely, I could not consistently
vote for. That portion of ihe resolution which
instructs llie,/udieiary Committee to imjuiie into
the expediency of interdicting slavery wherever
Congress has the power to do so, I indorse to its
fullest extent.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Where has it the power,
in your judgment ?
Mr. KlLUORE. I will tell the gentleman 111
n few moments. I could not vote for that por-
tion of it, which declares in favor of liberating
every human being.
Several Memukiis. That is not in the icsolu-
tion; it is in tin1 preamble.
Mr. KILUORE. Ves.it iw in (ho re-solution.
Will the Clerk send mo the resolution ?
Mr JOHN COCHRANE. I ri.se to a question
of order, I would like to know whether the ab-
Ktract question of slavery, or slavery in any of its
forms within the Union,'is now the .subject of dis-
cussion on the resolution of censure presented by
die gentleman from Virginia?
Tile SPEAKER. ThoChan supposi-snot. The
question of slavery ih not before the House.
Mr, SHERMAN. J appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana to yield the floor now,
Mr. KILGORE. 1 cannot yield the floor now.
Mr. HILL. I desire to make an inquiry of the
Chair. It seems to be very difficult for gentlemen
to confine themselves to the proper range of de-
bate. I wish to know whether, 111 connection with
this resolution of censure, it would be at all ger-
mane to discuss the coming presidential election,
and the influence which the lesolution which has
been acted on to-day may have upon it?
The SPEAKER The Chair must refer that
question to the gentleman from Georgia himself.
Mr. NIBLACIC. I wish to appeal to gentlemen
upon this side of the House not to interrupt my
colleague. This is rather a serious matter to him.
Tlie resolution affects him personally, and I hope
the strict rules will not be enforced upon him. It
is due to him that he should be heard.
Mr. KILGORE. Mr. Speaker, I am very glad
to find that my colleague has such kind personal
regard for myself, as I know he has for all his
colleagues.
The part of the resolution to which I objected
is as follows:
"Revoked, That the Committer' on the Judiciary bo,and
the >aine i< hereby. hMiucted to uiquiie into tlie expe-
diency of reporting a bii) giving puiiect freedom to every
human being,*'~
I objcct to that part of the resolution. Although
it is a mere matter of inquiry,*1 would not be
willing to cast my vote in favor of that portion of
the resolution; and hence I did not vote.
The closing part of the resolution is as follows:
" and interdicting slavery wherever Congress has constitu-
tional power to legislate upon the subject."
That part of the resolution I heartily approve
and indorse, and should most cheerfully vote for
it; but the resolution was not susceptible of divis-
ion. I was required to vote for it as a whole; and
not choosing to vote for the first portion of it, I
declined to vote at all. 1 could not vote in favor
of the first branch of the resolution, because it
would reach to convicts in the penitentiaries all
over the country; and I am the last man who
would be willing to add to the strength of any
party by turning those men loose, and particu-
larly at tiiis period of time, when their votes would
be of such service in thecomingpolitical campaign.
Mr. PRYOR. Have you finished?
Mr. KILGORE. No, sir; I am not through
yet. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr*.
Ijarksdale] asked me a question, and I presume I
may bo permitted to respond to it. The gentle-
man asked me where I supposed Congress had
the power to interdict slavery? I answer, in the
District of Columbia, and in all the Territories of
this nation.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Are you in favor of the
exercise of the power?
Mr. KILGORE. I am in favor of the gradual
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
I am 111 favor of prohibiting the extension of sla-
very into one foot of territory now free. I am
opposed to its extension in every form. So far
as the States are concerned, I do not believe that
Congress has any power to interfere with the in-
stitution there. If, as gentlemen say, the legisla-
tion of Congress within its proper jurisdiction
will drive those States where shivery exists to
abolish it, that is but a consequence of the exer-
cise of a legitimate power, and it is their misfor-
tune, not my fault.
Air. BARKSDALE. Do you believe in the
power of Congress to abolish slavery in the dock-
yards and arsenals?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman from In-
diana will give way, I think it is time that we pro-
ceed with the public business.
Mr. KILGORE. Letmefnst answer the (Jucs-
tion of the gentleman from Mississippi,
Mi.IiAKKSDALE. My question is, whether
the gentleman bt hews that Congiess has power
to interdict the slave trade between the States,
and to abolish slavery in the forts, dock-yards,
and arsenals>
Mr. KILGORE. It is not a question that is
now before tlie House; and, therefore, it is not
necessary that. I should express any opinion upon
it. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
Mr. SHERMAN. Tlie gentleman from lnj
duuia yields to lue now,as I understand him; and,
111 order that we may do some little public busi-
ness still to-day, I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. 15URNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indianaone question, which it will take
but a moment to answer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. I think we have
spent, time enough on this subject.
Mr. BUllNETT. I merely desire to ask the
gentleman from Indiana why, if he is in favor
of abolishing slavery 111 the Distnctof Columbia,
inasmuch as all the papers relating to that subject
are m his hands, which have been referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, he lias
not reported a bill for that purpose ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to debate. I insist
upon my motion to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. GA.RNETT. 1 want it understood that
we on this sideare readytotakeastraightoutvote
on the resolution. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. J30C0CK. 1 was about to say that I
wanted to hoar some explanation from the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] when I
should have been willing to have withdrawn the
resolution.
Several Members. No debate.
Mr. BOCOCK. I withdraw the resolution.
Mr. HINDMAN. I object to the withdrawal.
Mr. GROW. If it is to be voted on, I want to ;
offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to withdraw his resolution.
THE MAIL CONTRACTORS.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the consent of the House
to report from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads a joint resolution for the relief of the
contractors of the Post Office Department.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was introduced and read a first and second time.
Mr. COLFAX. X now ask that a letter from
the Third Assistant Postmaster General may be
read, explaining the necessity there is for the
speedy passage of this joint resolution, and then
I hope there will be no objection to its being put
on its passage immediately.
The letter from the Third Assistant Postmaster
General was read.
Mr. COLFAX. I will say, in explanation of
the joint resolution, that under the law, techni-
cally, the net revenues of the thirty thousand post
offices of the United States are in the Treasury of
the United States; really, however, they are in
the pockets of the postmasters until they are paid
over to the mail contractors under the direction of
the Post Office Department.
The deficiency bill for the Post Office Depart-
ment, which was passed near the commencement
of the present session of Congress, made appro-
priations for the service of the Department only up
to the 31st of December last. Another quarter's
pay falls due now in less than a week. It is known
to the House that owing to the failure in making
appropriations for this service at the last session of
Congress, most of the mail contractors were com-
pelled to borrow money at most exorbitantrates,for
which the bill passed at the present session afforded
only partial relief. Now I ask that this measure
be passed, permitting the Post Office Department to
devote the legitimate revenues of that Department
to the payment of the amounts due at the present
quarter, which will afford relief to the contractors,
and enable them to keep out of the hands of the
money lenders. I repeat that the resolution only
authorizes the use of the income of the Post Of-
fice Department. Whatever surplus is required
must, of course, be appropriated directly out of the,
treasury. This will enable the Department to pay
about seventy-five per cent, of its indebtedness to
the contractors at the beginning of the quarter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that this bill
is confined in its operations to the present quar-
ter, and that it does not give this general power
to the Department for any longer tima.
Mr. COLFAX. It does not. I will remark,
further, that it was recommended unanimously by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman if the postmasters in the country do
not usually pay the revenues of their offices over
to the contractors ?
Mr. COLFAX. No, sir; they are not permit-
ted to do it-by law until the money has been ap-
propriated by Congress.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I know
they did it everywhere through my county last
year. I do not know whether it was by law or not.
Mr. COLFAX I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that by the law the postmasters
retain the revenue of their offices m their own
pockets until authorized to pay it out by the De-
partment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I know
nothing about that. I know they pay it directly
over to the contractor.
Mr. COVODE. I call for the reading of the
joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Post Office Department to use the revenues of
the Post Office Department up to the 31st March,
1860, in part payment of contracts for carrying
the mails, salaries of route agents, &c.
Mr. COLFAX. Now, if there bono objection,
I ask that the joint resolution may be put on its
passage.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was ordered to bo engrossed and read a third time;
and, being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to
