1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1363
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HASKIN. I rise to a privileged question.
I am instructed, by the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures, to report the testimony taken by them
in relation to the public, printing; and to enable
the minority to report on the case, I shall offer
now, on behalf of the majority of the committee,
a joint resolution, and ask that it bo made the
special order for Tuesday, the 3d of April,, at two
o'clock, p.m.
Mr. REAGAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that this committee has no privilege to
make this report on this day. The rules provide
that to-day shall be set apart for the transaction
of a particular business, and the power granted
to the gentleman's committee to report at any
time only extends to their right to report when
they can do so without interfering with matters
coming up directly under the rules. In other
words, I submit that the power given this com-
mittee to report at any time does not have the
effect of abrogating the standing rules of the
House. There is a rule which provides that this
day shall be consumed in the introduction of res-
olutions.
Mr. HASKIN. The resolution adopted by the
House gave this committee the right to report at
any time; and my only object now is to have the
joint resolutions set down for some futuie day,
so as to enable the minority of the committee to
submit their report. I move that the report be
postponed to and made the special order for Tues-
day, the 3d of April next.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would suggest to
my colleague that he say Wednesday, the 4th of
April.
Mr HASKIN. Very well; if that will accom-
modate gentlemen, I will name that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to these spe-
cial orders. They will, by and by, come so thick
that we shall have no time to devote to the ordi-
nary business of the House.
Mr. HASKIN. Well, sir, I submit the motion
that the joint resolution be made the special order
for the 4th of April.
Mr. BRANCH. I shall ask that the joint res-
•olutionsberead before I consent that they be made
a special order.
The Clerk read the joint resolutions as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate awl House of Representatives of
the United. States of America hi Congress assembled, That
hereafter no person shall ho elected, either as the. Printer to
the Senate or House of Representatives, who is not, at the
time of such election, a practical printer, and of fair reputa-
tion for skill and ability as a memberofthattrade orprofes-
sion. That hereafter, upon the election of-the Printer to the
Senate, he shall execute a bond, with at least two good and
sufficient sureties, in the penalty of $25,000, to the fcSuper-
intendentofthe Public Punting, arid subject to the approval
oi the said Supeuntendcnt and theSccietaryofthe Senate
and the Cftwrk of the House, for the faithful and honest
peiformance of all the duties devolving upon him as ^ueh
Senate Printer. And in like manner, upon the clcction of
a Printer to the Ilou-e of ReptesoiiUtives, he shall execute
and deliver to the said Superintendent a bond, Willi at irast
two good and sufficient suicties, m the same penalty, sub-
ject to the like appioval, and for the like objects; which
bonds shall be made, executed, and dehveied withm ten
days after such elections respectively, and shall, within
that time, be filed in the office of the said Superintendent.
Resolved, That the puces established and allowed for the
public piintmg by the act entitled k- An act to piovide for
executing the public piintmg and establishing the prices
thereof, and for other purposes," appioved August26,1802,
and by the seveial acts amendatory thereof, that is to say.
tor composition, pi ess-work, folding,stitching,and insert-
ing maps and plates, be, and the same are, reducer! forty per
cent.; and that for the purpose of giving full force and ef-
fect to this resolution, the Superintendent of the Public
Printing is hereby authoiized and directed to cause the ac-
counts of the Public Printer or Printers, to be made out
and rendered to him as heretofore, under the provisions of
the act of August 26, 1852, (exeept.as to the printing ol the
Post Office blanks, which have been oidered by law to be
put out by contract to the lowest bidder;) and before ceiti-
tying the same to the Treasury for payment, to deduct fiom
the aggiegate amount of each accounts*) rendered the sum of
forty per cent., and the residue shall be lcceived by the
Public Printer, or Printers, as full compensation for the
work stated m said accounts This resolution shall take
effect from the passage thereof.
Pending* the reading of the }oint resolutions,
Mr. REAGAN said: Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
point of order. Can this report come in here in-
terfering with the regular business before the
House, and must it he actcdupon now", to the ex-
clusion of all other business?
The SPEAKER. The report is properly before
the House
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the resolutions will be
read. It is an important matter, and wc ought to
know what they provide.
Mr. REAGAN. I make the point of order that
the authority to report at any time does not also
give authority to consider anything reported from
that committee at any time
TheSPEAKER. The power to report includes
the pov/er to ask for the consideration of the re-
port.
The Clerk finished the reading'of the resolu-
tions.
Mr. HASKIN. I will say to the House that
this is a subject which should be acted upon speed-
ily. The object of the joint resolutions which I
have just reported from the Committee on Public
Expenditures proposes a reduction of the present
enormous profits upon the public printing. I do
not ask that the resolutions shall be considered at
this time, but that their further consideration shall
bo postponed until Wednesday, the 4th of April.
By that time the minority of the committee will
be ready, I understand, to submit their views on
the subject.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not object, if this sub-
ject does not now give rise to debate.
Mr. CLOPTON. I am one of those who pro-
pose to submit a minority report, and I hope that
another day than the one named shall be fixed to
which the further consideration of this subject
shall be postponed. 1 want to leave for home
next week.
Mr. HASKIN. Let the, gentleman state the
day he wants.
Mr. CLOPTON. Next Tuesday will suit me.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I must object to
that. The revenue bill has been made the special
order for that day. Say Friday of next week.
Mr. FLORENCE. I must object to that. Fri-
day is private bill day; and the days for consid-
ering bills of a private nature are too few to spare
any of them.
Mr. GROW. Say Thursday, then.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the morning hour.
Mr. STEVENSON. That will do.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It suits me.
Mr. CLOPTON. I agree to Thursday.
Mr. HASKIN. Then I move that the further
consideration of these joint resolutions be post-
poned until next Thursday, after the morning
hour.
Mr. SICKLES. I make a point of order that,'
I while under this resolution raising the committee
I they have a right to report at any time, it docs
not follow that the resolutions or bills they recom-
mend are privileged questions, and can come in to
the exclusion of the regular order of business. I
call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the right to report carries with it the right to
have the report considered. Such has been the
practice heretofore.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone; and it was agreed to.
' Mr. SHERMAN took the floor.
CALL OF STATES POll RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I believe that it was the general
understanding, after the expiration of the morn-
ing hour, that wc should go on with the call of
the States for resolutions. Some Slates have not
i yet been called. I insist that we shall go on with
! that call until we finish it.
, Mr. SHERMAN. If the call of the States
! could be finished without debate, and without an
hour or two being uselessly expended, as was
; done upon a resolution awhile ago, I do not know
: but that I would be glad to see it go on. I have
I some privileged bills that I have the right to report*
! at any time. I have also a privileged resolution,
which I wish to submit. I will withhold them
now if we can go on and finish the call of the
States for resolutions.
Mr. CURTIS. Let it be the understanding that
there shall be no debate allowed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will go on with the call of the States.
IMPRESSMENT OJF AN AMERICAN CITIZEN.
Mr. STEVENSON offered the following reso-
lution; which was read,considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to this House, if not deemed in-
compatible with the public interest, any i eeent coirespoud-
ence which may have taken place between our consul
general at Havana and the Captam-General of Cuba, touch-
ing the impressment, in that island, of an American citi-
zen.
USELESS CUSTOM-HOUSES.
Mr. SIMMS offered the following resolution^
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to ascertain the number of custom-houses in the
United States now established by law, the annual expenses
of which exceed the amount of their receipts, and that they
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of abolishing
the same, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
PARAGUAY EXPEDITION.
Mr. STOKES. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved> That the Committee on the Expenditures in
the Navy Department be directed to inquire into, and re-
port on,the expenditures on account of the Paraguay expe-
dition, including the hiring and purchase and refitting of
steamers for that service, and all the expenditures there-
with connected, and the condition of the vessels sent on
that expedition during the progress of the same; and that
the committee have power to send for persons and papers
connected with the same.
Mr. BURNETT. Does the resolution propose
the raising of a select committee?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. BURNETT. I must say to gentlemen that
I am opposed to this thing of conferring upon the
committees of this House the privilege of sending
for persons and papers, unless there is some good
reason for it. We may incur a very heavy expense
in tliis way, when there is no necessity for it.
Mr. REAGAN. I rise to a question of order.
This resolution is not debatable.
TheSPEAKER. It is not.
Tellers were called for.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Hughes and Buffinton.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 75, noes 46.
So the resolution was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF COLLECTING REVENUE.
Mr. ETHERIDGE introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and^
agreed to:
Whereas, by thefointh section of the act approved June
14, 1858, entitled "An act making appropriations for the
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs," it is
provided that the Secretary of the Treasuiy be, and lie is
hereby, authoiized, at his discietion, to discontinue all
pons of deliveiy the revenue received at each of which
does not amount to the sum of $10,000Therefore,
Resolved, That the Keeietaty of the Treasury is hereby
icquested to mfoun this ilou^c what ports of delivery, if
any. he has discontinued since the passage of said act of
June 14, 1858, and in conformity with its directions.
COST Ol1 INDIAN TREATIES. %
Mr. ETHERIDGE also introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs be
requested to make an estimate of the amount that will be
required to make a treaty of peace, amity, &c., with the
Kiowas, Comanchcs, and other Indians who roam near the
Arkansas river, west of the one hundredth degree west
longitude ; with the Arapahoe* and Cheyennes, located be-
low the south foik of the Platte river 5 with the Sioux and
other Indians of the Plains, to be concentrated for the oc-
casion at Deer creek, a tubutaiy of the Platte rivcrj and
also for a treaty with the Red Lake Chippewas and the In-
dians of the Red iivei, in the State of Minnesota, for the
extinguishment of their title to lands in that State.
ABOLITION OF CUSTOM-HOUSES.
Mr. STOKES introduced the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
dnectod to inquue and iepoit to this Ilou-c whether any,
and how inanj, of the custom-house-! now established can
be abolished \\ ithout detument to the public service; and,
in making that inquiry, that they specially inquire with
lefeienco to tho.-o cus-tom-houvea which are situated far
inland, or at which only small amounts of revenue, in pro-
portion to their cost, are collected.
Mr. BURNETT. A resolution similar to that
has been just passed, and referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Commeicc. I propose to debate it.
The resolution was laid over, under the rules.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced the following res-
olulion; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Revolt ed, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instiucted to inquire into the leasons, if any exist and can
be a^coitainod, why the currency issued by the Congress of
the Confederation piior to the adoption of the-Con&titution
of the United States, known as continental money, has
never been redeemed by the United States; and tuither as
to the justice and <'xpedienc\ of making some piesentpio-
vision by law for the redemption of such currency, either
in whole or in part, and report hy bill or otherwise."
WILLIS BEXAFIELD.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House be
