1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3251,
to be irregular, and tending alike to subvert the true policy
of the law and to favor the concealment of the embezzle-
ment that was in progress, it is due to the memory of my
lamented predecessor to say that the statement that the ac-
count was thus closed by his direction rests solely on the
authority of the Sixth Auditor. After diligent inquiry, i
am justified in saying that there is no trace in this Depart-
ment of any such order, nor any knowledge on the part of
those concerned in its administration that such a proceed-
ing ever had the sanction of the Postmaster General.
"Having, then, the knowledge of this defalcation, was
not the Auditor bound to communicate it to the Postmaster
General.'"' ******* *
"On the lith May a distress warrant was issued by the
Solicitor of the Treasury for the full amount of the defal-
cation, as ascertained, against the person of Fowler, and
against his property, and that of his sureties to the extent
of their liability. An accident, mentioned in Ins letter,
prevented the Solicitorfiom accompanying Mr. OfFutt. lie,
however, arrived at New York about six p. m. of Satur-
day, and immediately delivered the distress warrant to the
United States marshal, and gave iiim all the necessary m-
suuetions as to us execution. It is well known thatFow-
iei was then in the city of New York, and did not leave it
until tht  following morning, or probably later. The mar-
shal, however, alleged that, after diligent search, he could
not be found, and in consequence no arrest was made. lie
is still a tugitive, and the conviction is expressed, by those
most likely to be informed on the subject, that he has left
the United States. An explanation of the marshal's ina-
bility to cxecute the warrant may possibly be found in the
active sympathy manifested for this criminal by his nu-
merous triends in New York. This feeling, instead of
affording aid and suppoit to the executive officer m enfoic-
ing the claims of public justice, would naturally prompt to
efforts for the concealment of the culprit."
And whereas the delalcation of said Fowler could not
have occurred without there being either some defect in
the law requiting him to render proper rPtuins of the amount
of money received m his office, or the officers of the Gov-
ernment being negligent of their duty : Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee of tlnee be appointed to in-
quire into, and repoit to this Hou^e at the next session,
wheie,m their opinion, blame for the non-detection of said
defalcation lies, and what provisions of law are necessary,
if any, to prevent similar defalcation.
Resolved, That said committee also be invested with the
powei to inquire into and report to this House, at its next
session, in what maimer the United Slates matshal for the
Stale of Npw Yoik discharged his duty in and about the
matter of arresting, or attempting to anest, said Fowler,
upon the piopei process being placed in ins hands for that
purpose ; and that fcaid committee have power to send for
person* and papers pettammg to or touching the matters
embraced in both ot these resolutions, and to sit in the
recess ot Congress,and lepoit at any time: Provided, Said
committer Sshall not receive anything tor their services.
Messrs. McRAE and SHERMAN objected.
TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wish to give no-
tice that 1 shall, at the next session, again intro-
duce a bill authorizing the people of the several
organized Territories of the United States, and
those to be hereafter organized, to elect thcirown
'officers in such mode or manner as their respect-
ive Legislatures may by law prescribe.
EXTRA PAGES.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have not
offered a resolution during this session, and I
hope that there will be no objection to the reso-
lution I now offer, for the benefit of some orphan
boys:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be, and
they are hereby, authorized to audit, settle with, and allow,
the usual compensation to such persons as actually per-
formed the duties ot pages of the House at the present ses-
sion of Congiess prior to the organization of the House, and
that the account* so allowed by said committee shall be
paid out ol any money in the Treasury which may have
been appropriated for miscellaneous and contingent ex-
penses ot the House of Representatives.
Mr. PIIELPS. This is for the pages who have
served prior to the organization of the House,
and it ought to be adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not understand
the resolution as the gentleman from Missouri
does. There were a number of pages who came
here expecting place, and asked as a favor that
we should allow them ingress and egress in the
Hall. They ask us now to pay them for that
time, although they were not employed and not
under the orders of the House. I object to the
resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. Those boys were here, and 1
am willing to pay them for the duties "they per-
formed. I made use of their services, and so did
the other members.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. At the or-
ganization of the House, a number of pages were
found to bfc employed indiscriminately. We
passed a resolution limiting pay to a certain num-
ber. Some who had been doing service here, i
and who were equally meritorious with the others, i
were not reappointed, Their mothers, although j
poor, I suppose, clothed them so that they might j
make a decent appearance in the House. I hope
there will be no objection to paying those boys
for the service they have rendered. I found that
in the Thirty-Fourth Congress my friend from
Virginia offered just such a resolution as this,
and I had an idea of calling upon him to second
this resolution. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. You will find no
precedent for this resolution, for which I am
responsible.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move a
suspension of the rules, in order that I may
introduce my resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. THOMAS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. BABBITT. I desire to offer a resolution
to be attached to the resolution just adopted.
Mr. THOMAS. I rise to a question of order.
It is this: that the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. McRae] has the floor, and that he cannot
farm it out to anybody else.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken; and if insisted on, the gentleman from
Mississippi has the floor.
Mr. BABBITT. I believe I had the floor by
the permission of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania before he yielded the floor. The resolution
relates to the same subject—a very meritorious
subject—and I hope it will be adopted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I call for the regular order of
business. When the House adjourned yesterday
they were acting under a suspension of the rules
on the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Crawford;] and two motions to
suspend the rules cannot be- entertained at oncc.
I call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken;and the question is upon the bill introduced
by thegentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.]
The pending question is the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is still one question
ahead of that, and that is upon the resolution of
my colleague, [Mr. Gurley,] in reference to tho
printing of certain documents. That was left
under the operation of the previous question a !
day or two ago; and I hope that matter will be first '
disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the bill of the gentleman from Georgia was intro-
duced under an order suspending the rules, and
that therefore it will take precedence.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Does the gentleman from
Ohio call for the regular older of business?
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall insist upon my mo-
tion to reconsider until it is known that the Senate
have, one way or the other, disposed of the tariff !
bill; and therefore I hope gentlemen will let this >
matter go over for the present. i
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let it be understood that j
we will take a vote upon the loan bill at precisely i
twelve o'clock. •
Mr. SHERMAN. .Say one o'clock, and I shall j
not object. ;
Mr. PIIELPS. I hope the gentleman will say \
twelve o'clock,and for this reason: there is a com- :
mittee of conference alieady upon the legislative
appropriation bill; and that committee cannot '
agree, and that bill cannot be emolled until we ;
come to some agreement, and that agreement de- ,
pends a good deal upon the disposition we make j
of the loan bill.
Mr. CRxVWFORD, Let the gentleman say j
twleve o'clock; for by that time we can get the ;
information he desires. i
Mi, STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the ]
gentleman will give us the yeas and nays upon it. 1
Mr. CRAWFORD, I'have no objection to !
that. 1
By unanimous consent, the hoar of twelve
o'clock was fixed for taking the question -upori
the loan bill.
PRINTING DOCUMENTS. ' " '
The SPEAKER. The question is upon th,e
adoption of the resolution of the gentleman froip-
Ohio, [Mr. Gurley,] as amended, which wiiLbe
read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That fifty thousand extra copies of the report
of the Committee on Expenditures in the Navy Deparfx*
ment, and the resolutions thereon adopted by the House,
together with the report on naval contracts made by Mr-.'*
Bocock at the last session,exc!uding the testimony taken,
at that session; and also a like number of tlie majority and
minority reports and the testimony taken before ttye Com-/
mittee on Public Expenditures, upon the subject of the~
public printing, be printed for the use of the members of-
the House: Provided, That these reports, resolutions, and.
testimony thus printed, shall be-bound in one volume with,
the reports and testimony of the select committee, ofw.hicJi
Hon. John Covode is chairman.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to askr
the gentleman from Ohio what this publication,'
will cost?
Mr. GURLEY. Seventy cents per volume.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How many volumes
will there be?
Mr. GURLEY. Fifty thousand copies.
Mr. STALLWORTH. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was deeided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Green Adams, Aldrich, Ashley, Bahbitt,
Bingham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Boteler, Boulijmy, Brab-
son, Biayton, Bristow, Buflinton, Burhngame, Burnham,
Butterfield, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Corwin, Curtis,'
II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Delano, Dueli, Dunn, Ed-
wards, Ely, Etheridge, Ferry, Foster, French, Gilmer,
Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, J. Morrison Harris,, Hatton,
Ilelmick, Hill, William A Howard. Humphrey, Hutchins,
Junkm, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Looitus, Mallory,
Maynaid, McKean, McKnight, McPher&on, Mooihead,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris,"Motm, Olin,
Palmer, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Q,uarles, Itiee, Chris-,
topher Robinson, Royee, Scranton, Spinner, Stevens,
Stokes, Tappan, Trimble, Vance, Vandever, "Van Wyck,
Yerree, Wade. Walton, Webster, and WoodiutF—86. 1
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale,
Beaie, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Burch, Campbell, Horace
F. Clai k, Clopton. Cobb, James Craig, Burton Craige,Cuiry,
Davidson, Dimmick, English, Florence, Gartreil, Hall, John
T. Harris, Houston, William Howaid, Hughes, Jenkins,
Jones, Koitt, Kilgoie, Landrum, Larrabpe, Leake, Love,
Maelay, Elbert S. Martin, McQueen, Mcltac, Millson, Syd-
enham Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor,
Pugh, Reagan, Riggs, ituflin, Scott, Scdgwick, Singleton,
William Smith, Staliworth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
Taylor, Thomas, V.illandigham, Wells, Woodson, arid
Wright—62.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. McPHERSON stated thatMr.KiLLiNGER
had gone home sick, and had paired off for the
balance of the session.
Mr. STANTON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Crawford.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, stated that Mr.
Burnett had paired off with Mr. Millward.
Mr. STOKES stated that Mr. Hardeman- had
paired off with Mr. Dawes for the balance of the
session.
Mr. PRANK stated that he had paired of with
Mr. Garnett.
The result of the vote was announced,af}above
recorded.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Tlve latter motion was agreed to.
COLONEL WILLIAM GATES.
Mr.McllAE. Inowmove to suspend the rules,
in order to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the further consideiation of the bill (H. R.
No. 107) for the relief of Colonel William Gates,
and to bring the same before the House for con-
sideration.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of the United States to cor-
rect, adjust,and settle the claim presented by Col-
onel William Gates, United States Army, who
acted as collector of revenue or military contribute
tion during the late war with Mexico, (in 1847 and
1$4S,) under the direction of the President of the
United States, so that his share of the net pro-
ceeds of the sale of tfte schooner Oregon and cargo,
seized and confiscated in April, 1840, at the port
