1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
discharged from tho further consideration of the adverse
report of the Court of Claims, No. 2U, in the ease of
W'lHs Benafield, of Indiana, and that the same, with the
papers in said case, lie leferredtothe-Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON objected, and the resolution
was not received.
AMENDMENT OP RULES.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to give notice that I
will, at a future day, move to amend rule 135, so
as te confine debate m the Committee of the Whole
ou the state of the Union to the bill, resolution,
or proposition under consideration.
MANUFACTURE OF CANNON, ETC.
Mr. PHELPS offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Aflairs Is
hereby requested to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing an armoiy and a foundery tor the manufacture of
cannon at the Menimac iron works, in the State of IVIis-
gouri.
AFFAIRS IN UTAl.
Mr. WOODSON offered tho following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Provident be requested, not incom-
patible with the public interest*, to communicate to thin
House copies of ail official eoriespondence between civil
and military officer* stationed in Utah Tenitory and the
heads of bureaus in their icspcctlve Department*, or be-
tween any of said officer*, illustrating 01 tending to show
tho condition of affairs in Haul Territory since the 1st day
of October, 1857, and which may not have been heretoloie
Officially published.
Mr. CURTIS. It seems to mo, Mr. Speaker,
that it would require a very large volume to give
all this correspondence, if wc are U> go hack to 1857
and come up to this period. It would include till
this matter relative to the war.
Mr. WOODSON*. The gentlemrm is very much
mistaken. 11 will take a very smul) volume to give
. the correspondence which thus resolution calls
for. It is important correspondence that we have
never hud pnhhshod. Ail fhat has been hereto-
fore published is expressly excluded from the
jsesolution.
Mr. CURTIS. If the grntlcman thinks that it
is only going to take a small amount of matter, I
have 110 objection.
Mr. WdODSON. That is all. It calls for in-
formation wfcich 1 require before. I can act intelli-
gently.
* Mr. CURTIS. Then 1 withdrawal! objection.
The resolution wan agreed to.
HARRISON & U01H3H.
Mr. CLARK, of Mi*souii, ofl'ejod the follow-
ing resolution; which wiw read, considered, and
agreed to:
litsolrctl, Thai the Committee on the Post Otliee and
Pom Kortd-. be insUuetitl to inquire into the piopuety oi
providing hv law Mm pas ing to Messis. |faniM>n & llodue
a jiisi compensation foi e<imiuglhe Tinted States mails
trom ilniUiVille to lliunswiek, in Miv«ouu.
THE TKXAN" KROVTHm.
Mr. HAMILTON. I present in duplicate a
Joint resolution of the Legislature of the State of
X'exas, requesting lhe Senators and Representa-
tive in Congress from that State to pioeure the
reimbursement to the State of Te\*asof funds ex-
pended for the proteetionof the frontier, and mak-
ing other rcqta-sts with relation to frontier affairs.
1 ask that one copy may be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Allans,and the other to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
It was so oidered.
CAIT U.\ .7 () 11 \ II. TODD.
Mr. HAMILTON also piesrnu>t] a fowit reso-
lution of (he Legl^LlUl I e of * !i. * SuUo of Te\as,
instructing the Senators and reqiu-ting ihe Kip-
teseuiatiVH from that State !<> use then' mliueneo
to procure the incorporation of Captain John 13.
Todd, of the hue na\y of Texas, into the Navy
of the United Slates; which was i eforred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
' HAIL TIOUTF, IN TEXAS.
Mr. HAMILTON also presented a jomt reso-
lution of th>- Legislature of the State of Texas,
infirm ting the .Senator* and requesting the Rep-
resentjttves m Congress from that State to use
their influence to obuin the passage of an act of
Coagrcs^. appointing a mail stage route from the
city of Austin,to some nomton the oveiland mail
stage route from St, Loans to El Paso, so as to
connect Austin and El Paso; provided that it shall
not be construed to express a desire to change
any of the existing routes; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
MAIL ROUTES IN IOWA.
Mr. CURTIS presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Iowa, in relation
to mail routes from Eddyville, via Knoxville, to
Des Moines, in Iowa; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
SECRETARY TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CURTIS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the special committee on the matter of
the Pacific railroad be, and they arc hereby, authonzed to
employ a secretary, who shall he paid four dollars per day
while employed in the service of the committee.
Mr. COBB. I object to that.
Mr. CURTIS. A socrctary is very much needed,
and I hope the gentleman will withdraw his ob-
jection.
Mr. COP>B refused to withdraw it.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
that motion is in order.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to debate that ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The question is on suspend-
ing (he rules.
The rules were not suspended.
Mr. CURTIS. I withdraw the resolution.
BENCHES FOR. INSANE ASYLUM.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Wisconsin, offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the supcilntcndent of the Capitol exten-
sion be directed, when he lemoves the pir.-ent benehes
trom the Hall of the limine of Ucpiesentatives, to deliver
them over to Or. Charles II. NichoN,Mipeuntendemof the
Government hospital foi (he iie-anc, to he u?.ed in anting
the < Impel and lecture niniii of ^aid hospital, takniir from
the Mipenntendento! *aid hospital hi • iceeipt theictoi, and
obligation to leiinn the sum1 u hunever called lor by the
I lou-c ol Reptc-entative-j.
Mr. REAGAN. I object to that resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin The res-
olution contemplates that if these ticats are to be
removed 
Mr. MILES. I am perfectly willing that a
portion sullieient for the accommodation of the
gentleman who ottered the resolution shall be
"'m".' WASHBURN. I kg leave to wml up,
and have read, a letter from the superintendent.
The letter was read, as follows:
(JoVI liVMI'NT HwsTlTU, (IF THl' I\'^V\'T\
(el tl^e Aim\ and Navyaiulol the Deduct «t Columbia.)
Mart A 1, lt'00
l)r\R Si it Having noticed tlint the pie^cnt j<eats in the
II.til of l?cpie>.eiitiUives ate to he icnioved, and the former
de-ks and chain replaced, it hah occurred to me that the
IIohm' in'ght be pleased to peinut the seats, when icruoved,
oi a- removed, to h>  deposited in the ehapel or lecture-
moin <>i tins institution, t r -ale-keeping, and such oeca-
,-ional, careful ibe, as would be no moie than sufficient to
mane attention to tticir pre-.<"Mvation.
It is true, that a small appropriation has been made for
furnishing the csentei and adjacent sections of the wings of
the hospital edinee,and it has been in contemplation to
det'tay the oov-is of cheap seat* for the ehapel out of that
appiopuation; but if the hot-pital should be favored with
the ii.se, in the way I have suggested, of furmtuio ahcady
belonging to the Government, and not needed tor the pur-
poses tor which it wasoiiginallvlntendcd, the superintend-
cut would be able to furnish othet pait-. of the house in a
mote liheial and coiufoi tabbi m,inner.
The chapel ol thss 111-f11 ufu>n i • a lectaneularionm, '■uxtv-
one feet and six tnehea. bv loitv five feet; and the speaker'--:
desk is placed iri pan in an Alcove receding tiom the middle
oi one ol lt.J nde,-. It will tnus he p.-ici ivi d tliat tho ( us ved
foi in oi the scats in question is adapted to our chapel as
well as to the Hall ot Repit'.-entaTtve-, toi which they weie
jjinade.
it'the House shall *;ee lit to w/ce th" «eat^ to the hospital
outugiit, e\eu ou«j coinieeteil wttn U would be grateful
indeed ; but the deposit ol them m the institution, subject
to loelaniatton \vh" e\ ei the Hou*e mny need them lot if<
■ I ( ',\ u pfii iio-e-;, w J! iie itiirhh apm eciated a--a ttiai k of the
I b> at voi.-nt libei,iht\ ot the honoiable Representatives of
the people o; ;v gieat and piof-peroiH eountiy.
rJ')i" enliuhtened intenxt m the ptos-perity of tins institu-
tion ulneh uiii have evei manitested since yourentis into
the councils of the nahon, ,p^tihes me, [ hope, in solicit-
ing >oui attention to the ptopo^ition lor the benefit of the
ho-pnal winch I have hcie ventuied to make, and m ask-
niif von to take such steps in the matter as jou may deem
to be in the hue of )oui public duty.
I am, >-ir, very icspeetiullj and tiuiy, yoms,
f. H. NICHOLS, Superintendent.
lion. C. C. Washburn, House oj Representatives, District
of Columbia.
Objection was not withdrawn.
MAIL ROUTES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin,presented a
memorial from the State of Wisconsin, for a change
in a mail route; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, also pre-
sented a memorial from the State of Wisconsin, for
a mail route from Hudson, in St. Croix county, by
way of St. Joseph, Board man, Apple River Bridge,
Ceylon, Erin Prairie, and Hammond,to Warren;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
POTOMAC RIVER RIGHTS.
Mr. EDWARDS presented a memorial of the
Great Falls Manufacturing Company, relating to
their rights in the water of the Potomac river,
praying for the appointment of a joint committee
of both Houses of Congress, consisting of three
members each, to take into consideration the facts
stated in said memorial, and to report in relation
thereto; and moved for the appointment of said
joint committee.
Mr. PHELPS, i object.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not understand this to
be a resolution for the appointment of a commit-
tee; but only a memorial presented praying for
that.
The SPEAKER. Docs the Chair understand
the gentleman to move for the appointment of a
committee ?
Mr. EDWARDS. Yes.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to it.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then, I move to refer the
memorial to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FLORENCE. Xct it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The memorial can be pre-
sented and referred under the rule.
FORMATION OF A NEW STATE.
Mr. BURCH. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That an art of the Legislature of the State of
Cahlrtinia consenting to the toimation of another govern-
ment for the sou t iie t n counties of said State, approved April
18, itf.VJ, which is herewith presented, be leferred to the
Committee on Terntoues for consideration.
I desir« to say, injustice to myself, that as a
member of the California Senate, I opposed the
passage of that act, and that I am still opposed to*
Congress granting any consent to the formeition
of thiy new government; hut I present the act in
accordance with the request of certain of my con-
stituents residing m that portion of the State.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mtt.UOIUALS L-'ROM V/ASIIINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. STEVENS,of Washington, presented the
memorial to Congress of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Washington, relative to
the tide-flats lying in front of and adjacent to
the town of Olympia; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also presented
the memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Washington, praying the establish-
ment of a port of delivery at Cascade City; which
was referred to tho Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
BOUNDARY LINE.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also offered
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
R<solvedy That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inqimeinto the expediency of making provision
tor tunning and tnaiking the forty-Mxth paiailei ot latitude,
so far as said parallel is the houndaiy hue between the State
of Oiegon and tiie Teuitoiy of Washington, and report by
bill or utheiwise.
LAND OffFICE AT OLYMPIA.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also sub-
mitted tin1 following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into tite expediency of providing by law
for the necessary eleucal force lequired to conduct the bu i-
ne>s ot the land olkte at Olympia, including compensation
for services aheady mcuried, and to report by bill or other-
wise
REPORT ON WAGON ROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, also sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai be lequested to com-
municate to the House the report of Lieutenant Mullen,
United State? Army, m relation to the wagon road from
Foit Benton to the Walla-Walla.
