1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8258
Senate'* first amendment to the bill; and further insist
upon tin'ir disagreement to the Senate's third amendment
to the hill. Tin? committee also ask to be discharged from
further service on the confluence.
E. B. WASHBURNE,
MASON YV. T AFP AN.
I do not concur in the above report.
WILLIAM PORCHEIt MILES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am directed
by the majority of the committee to ask the House
to recede from its amendment to the Senate amend-
ment, with an amendment, which I will send to
the Clerk's desk, and which it is probably un-
necessary to read, because it changes the original
amendment of the House in but two particulars.
One is a mere verbal alteration in relation to the
steamer Isabel, making it u the steamer Isabel
line;" because, although the generarservice was
Eorformed by the Isabel, yet they had a reserved
oat, winch occasionally made the trips. This
is put in so as not to exclude the trips made by
that reserved boat.
The next change in the amendment is striking
out the limitation of the restoration of the con-
tracts upon those routes which have already ex-
pired. There arc a few routes in some States where
the contracts have expired, but upon which it is
desirable that the service shall be restored. That
is particularly the case in Virginia, South Caro-
lina, and North Carolina. It was thought, when
the subject was brought to the attention of the
committee, that if there was to be a restoration of
service, it should also be made under those con-
tracts where the service had expired.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. PattoNj one of its clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment:
A bill for the relief of Robert Johnson; and
A bill for the relief of congressional townslup
number six south, range number eight west, in
Randolph county, State of Illinois.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that if this matter had been brought to the atten-
tion of the Post Office Committee, they would
have framed the proviso which was adopted by
the House, so as to leave out these limitations.
There are not very many routes, and it will make
but very little difference, and it is to be hoped
that if {liis amendment is adopted by the House,
the Senate will concur in the House amendment,
and the bill will be passed. If, therefore, there
is no desire that the amendment to the amend-
ment which I have offered shall be read, if the
House is satisfied with the explanation which I
have made, I will, without further remark, de-
mand the previous question, so that we may dis-
pose of this matter.
Mr. BRANCH. Although I have listened very
attentively, with a desire to understand the prop-
osition which the gentleman fiorn Illinois made,
I have been entirely unable to understand it, not
from any want of perspicuity on his part, but be-
cause -I am not familiar with the amendments by
numbers. I think the gentleman had better send
his amendment to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Although it
it will take some little time—-and I am very reluc-
tant to trespass upon the patiencc of the House
at tins late period of the session—perhaps it would
be well for me to icfer to the state of the contro-
versy between the two Houses, if gentlemen de-
fine it.
Several Members. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
put the following proviso to the Post Office defi-
ciency appropriation bill:
Provided, That the Po*tma&tei General is hereby diiected
to restore the inland scivice on all the routes under con-
ti.ict on the 4th March, unle.-s the same have ex-
pired by their own limitation, or where mipioved semec
over said loutes ha-s {icon furnished bv raihoads or other-
wise ; aNo, route 60-12, by steamer Isabel, shall beiestoied,
at the rate of $50,000 per vcai, fiom Charles-ton to Savan-
nah, via Key West, till the 30th ot June, 3863; and where
the service has been actually peifouned by the contractor
notwithstanding such discontinuance, the 'Postmaster Gen-
eral «hall pay the contractors as it no change had been ot-
dcred; but the Postmaster Gencial shall not be leqmied to
restoie the service on any of said joutes bejond one daily
mail each way, nor to mtei fere with any changes ot service
that may have been made without leduetion oi price.
That is the material part of the amendment of
the House, The Representatives here, coming
from the parts of the country where this service
has been stricken down, and where, in many of
the districts, their constituents have suffered .ex-
treme inconvenience, holding, as they did, the
purse-strings of the country, proposed to order
the Postmaster General to restore those routes,
and to make an appropriation for the purpose of
effecting that restoration. There is no disposi-
tion—and I say it here, because that has been
made a matter of objection—to challenge the mo-
tives which prompted the action of the Postmas-
ter General. We were willing to say, for the
sake of the argument, that perhaps he had acted
wisely. AH we say is, that we regiet that this
service, which our constituents depended upon to
so great an extent, has been discontinued, and
desire that it may be restored; and we, as their
Representatives, propose to restoie it withoutany
censure upon the Postmaster Genera!, or anybody
else, That is what we, as the Representatives of
the people, said. We sent the bill to the Senate
with that proviso. When it reached the Senate,
various objections were made to the proviso,as 1
understand, by Senators, and by poisons out of
the Senate.
In the fit st place, it was alleged that if you passed
this proviso, you restored the routes, and took
away from the Postmaster General the power to
discontinue them. That was one objection; and
it was said that if you did that, you placed these
restored routes upon a different footing from every
other route in the country; that while he could not
discontinue these routes, yet he could discontinue
every other route in the countiy. That is one of
the objections urged, although I do not think that,
by the language of the pro\ iso, the power is taken
away from the Postmaster General.
Again, it was urged that if we restored these
routes, and lie had a 1 ight to discontinue them, yet
upon such discontinuance the contractors would
have a right to exact from the Department one
month's extra allowance, as is provided for in their
contracts when routes are discontinued or cur-
tailed. These were two of the objections urged.
Then there was another objection—and that
objection has created more prejudice than every-
thing else, against this lestorution—that certain
routes across the continent h,id been discontinued,
and they ought not to be restored.
Another objection was in regard to the steamer
Isabel. That part of the amendment was chal-
lenged upon the ground that it was against the
policy of Government to make a special contract
like that for the service.
These were the four objections. Now, sir, for
the purpose of curing these objections and mak-
ing this bill, as we supposed, entnely satisfactory
to all parties, whether the friends of the restora-
tion or the opponents of the restoration, upon the
motion of the majority of the managers on the
part of the House of another committee of con-
ference, we adopted an amendment to the Senate
which 1 will presently have read, and to which I
ask the attention of every gentleman in the House
who desires to understand the matter. The Sen-
ate rejected the whole of the proviso in the ori-
ginal bill, and amended the bill by providing that
the service heretofore performed by the Isabel
shall be advertised, and let to the lowest bidder.
Now, to that provision we had no objection. We
believed the service to be eminently required by
the commercial service of the country. We be-
lieved it was our duty to restore it. But the Sen-
ate, after having refused to restore the other ser-
vice, yet made special provision for this particular
route.
Now, sir, I say that the Senate first amended
the bill by striking out our whole pioviso for the
lestoratum of the service, and inserted, in lieu
thereof, the following, which I ask the Clerk to
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And the Postmaster Gencial is hereby authorized and
required to advertise for piopo^al^, and contract with the
lowest responsible biddci or bidders, for the transportation
of the United States mail, in steamships, fiom Chailyston,
t?outh Carolina, by Savannah, Georgia, and Key West,
Florida, to Havana, in Cuba, and back, twice a month, or
oftener, from the 3 t da\ of Juh, 1660, to the 30th uf June,
Ii>64, melu-ive, at a ^uni not to eveecd §50,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
amended that amendment by inserting as a sub-
stitute what the Clerk will now read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, The said service shall be performed in the
same time as was prescribed in the schedule time in ttie
contract for the service of thesteamer Isabel; and the Post-
master General is hereby authorized and directed to pay for
the actual service performed by the said steamer Isabel,
from Charleston to Havana, previous to the passage of thfs
act, at the same rate of compensation ns was provided In
the eontiact for that service: Jind provided further, That
the Postmaster General is hereby directed to.restore the
inland seivice on all the routes under contract on tfie 4£h
of March, 1859, unless the same have expired by their own
limitation, or where improved service over said routes has
been furnished by railroads oi otherwise,; and where the
service ha5? been actually performed by the contractor upon
curtailed routes, notwithstanding such curtailment,'the
Postmaster General shall pay the contractors as if no change
had been ordered ; but the Postmaster General shall not be
required to restore the service on any ot' said routes beyond
one daily mail cach way, nor to interfere with any changes
of service that may have been made without reduction
of prico ; nor to restore service on loute No. 10615, from
Neosho, Missouri, to Albuquerque, New Mexico; nor to
restore scrvice on loute No. J5050, Irom Kansas City,Mis-
souri, via Santa IV, New Mexico, to Stockton, Calhorniaj
nor on any pait ot the route No. 8076, west of El Pasoj
Provided Jurtkcr, That nothing herein contained shall debar
the Postmaster General fiom discontinuing or curtailing
any of the routes heieby lestored ; nor shall the contractor
oi contractors upon said icstored routes be paid any extra
allowance whatever in consequence of any new curtail-
ment or di-contmuanc<-: Jlnd provided fwlher. That no
service heieby icstored shall be put in operation'unless by
the assent of the couti actor or contractors theiefor: J})id
provided Jurtkcr, Thai the appropriation herein made shall
bo «o cons-trued as to embrace tuos-o made by tb« joint res-
olution " (or the relief ol the eontuctois of the Post "Office
Depaitment," approved 28th March, 1860: -And provided
fuitker, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
so as to renew the mail seivice on the Cumberland river,
above Clarksville, in the State of Tennessee.
Mr. CARTER. I rise to a question of order,
i understand that this is not the report of a com-
mittee of conference; and I ask whether it is a
privileged question that can take me off the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is cer-
tainly a privileged question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, sir, it
will be perceived that the amendments which we
have here offered do away effectually with the
objections which were made to our original prop-
osition. We have expressly provided that the
Postmaster General shall have the right to dis-
continue or curtail any route in the country which
he may deem unnecessary, and tjiat without pay-
ing the contractors a single dollar.
Then we have excluded these overland routes
in the provision for restoration, about which so
much clamor has been made.
We have also provided further, in relation to
the Isabel line, in regard to the contract to be made,
that in advertising for proposals and contracting
for the service, it shall be performed^n the same
time that was required of the steamer Isabel. We
also propose to place the contractors on that line
in the same position in which other contractors
are placed by our proviso, that they shall be paid
for the service actually performed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to ask
the gentleman fiom Illinois a question, to see
whether I understand the matter. I always
thought the introduction of that proviso into an
appropriation bill was eminently unwise; it was,
m my judgment, clearly one which had mischief
in it. But it was introduced, and those wha in-
troduced it have persisted in it, and modified it
from time to time, until it has assumed its pres-
ent shape.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
yield the floor to the gentleman from Virginia to
make a speech. If he proposes to ask a question,
I hope he will ask it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I proposed
to make an inquiry in this very connection, to
ascertain whether I understand this proviso in its
present shape. I understand thattheDepartment
still has the power over the discontinuance of
these routes which the law ordinarily allows.
Well, sir, what will be the effect of that? I trust
the gentleman will allow me this remark. The
result is that the Postmaster General will obey
the order of Congress and restore all these routes,
although he may afterwards discontinue the ser-
vice.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then, from
the statement of the gentleman from Virginia,
there can be no possibleobjectiontoiton his part
or the part of those who agree with him in refer-
ence to this matter. I do not see what objection
he can make to it.
Mr. CARTER. I vise to a question of order.
I understand the previous question was demanded
upon this report. If so, 1 object to debate,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; I
