1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
should enter into the position of every man who
is called to legislate in a nation like this. Go to
the trading politicians, then, all over the country,
and you will find that for political purposes, for
self-aggrandizement,, for" unjustifiable purposes,
they will regard the harmonious action of national
men as unwarranted, and will tell a national Dem-
ocrat, if he affiliate with an American he must be
proscribed. They will tell an American, if he
affiliate with a Democrat that he must be pro-
scribed, and is not true to the original faith. They
will tell an an ti-Locompton Democrat that he must
be proscribed if he does not hold the isolated idea
of that section of the Democracy. Such, sir, is
the character of those men.
It is one of the misfortunes of this nation to be
controlled too much by this contemptible class of
trading politicians, who will look rather to what
they suppose to be their own interest and self-
aggrandizement, than to the advancement of the
good ends of the Government, and justice to all
men. I will hope that gentlemen honored with
seats upon this floor will take a loftier and holier
conception of their duty; that they will consider
that we are engaged in a struggle between national
conservatism and sectionalism; that it is to be
the success of unconstitutional and sectional prin-
ciples upon the one hand, or of conservatism and
national principles upon the other. Let us, then,
come together, and secure the organization by
proper concessions. I have tried from the begin-
ning, so far as I am concerned as an individual
member, to evidence my disposition to concession
I voted for the nominee of the Democratic party
while his name was before the House. I subse-
quently voted for an American, for an anti-Le-
compton Dsmocrat, and for others who have been
presented with any prospect of success. X am
ready to do so again. If my individual preferences
were consulted^of coursej I should prefer a Dem-
ocrat to fill the Speaker's chair; but if it be found
that the opposition elements to the Republican
party can be concentrated upon some American
"or anti-Lecompton Democrat, I am prepared to
give him my support.
It is common, upon all occasions, for gentlemen
to say that they desire an organization ofthe House
It is true that a few gentlemen have expressed
themselves as disinclined to support any man not
of their own particular party; but if an honest
effort is made to concentrate the elements in op-
position to the Republican party, in orderto secure
an election which will have a tendency to restore
in some degree the repose and sense of security
that this nation formerly enjoyed, the few gentle-
men heretofore disinclined to separate, from their
particular personal preferences, might be induced
to view from a more exalted stand-point the obli-
gations and duties imposed upon them, and to
consider, with a nearer scrutiny, the responsibil-
ity they must assume in defeating a national man
of any party, and in securing the success of a sec-
tional party. If the question wore submitted to
the conservative men of this nation, outside of the
Republican party, without distinction of party, I
venture that the verdict would be one universal
response in favor of a union of the conservative
elements here for the purpose of an organization.
I think it is a mistaken apprehension for any man,
who feels that he represents an enlightened con-
stituency, to suppose that they would hold in
judgment against him the fact that he separated
himself from his immediate political associates
forthe purpose of success against the Republicans,
and voted for gentlemen of another political party
who entertained national opinions, and advoetead
national principles. The fact that we may unite
for this praiseworthy purpose—for the purpose of
organizing the House and restoring a sense of
safety and repose to the people of the nation—will
bind us no longer than the purpose cx^ts for
which we entered into that understanding.* After
an organization, other questions will arise, and
every man, of course, will stand absolved from any
associations we may make for this purpose, and be
at perfect liberty to pursue his own course upon
all questions that may arise. His political relations
with his own party will be retained for all purposes
except this of an organization.
Mr. Clerk, I desire here to make a few sugges-
tions of a general character, not relating to the
organization of this House. I should have made
these suggestions in another place, where they
would have come in-with more propriety, had
they not escaped my attention at the time. The
time has arrived in this country when there is a
serious apprehension upon the part of the people
of fifteen States of this Union that they are no
longer to be recognized as" equals. They think
the evidences have accumulated to such an ex-
tent, that it is almost fruitless longer to hope for
political equality in the Union. I am not one of
those who habitually seize on every occasion to
declare my distrust of the Union, to say that I
am dissatisfied with the Union, or that I desire to
see it dissolved. It is the last desire of my heart.
In the section where I liv®j all the power of a sec-
tional spirit has been arrayed against me because
of my supposed devotion to the Constitution and
to the Union of these States. I have invariably
tried to present the most favorable aspect of af-
fairs—that most calculated to encourage hope. I
appreciate the valuable blessings of liberty, civil
and religious, of universal prosperity, and of un-
equaled happiness.
It has been my hope, sir, that these blessings
should be perpetuated; and on every proper occa-
sion 1 have come forward to do whatever I could
t& that end. I am ready, if I understand my own
heart, to make, individually, any earthly sacrifice
that would tend to preserve tlie Constitution and
the Union; that would tend to preserve the rights
of the people; the fraternity and harmony of feel-
ing of the people. I have been willing to go out
of public life on that test. I am willing and ready
to take my stand in favor of the principles of jus-
tice to all parts of the country. But whatever
may be my own personal opinions, it is not now
to be disguised that the people of one half of the
Union are seriously alarmed about their political
rights. They, too, fear that the Constitution ean-
not be preserved in its purity; and believe that
their equality in the Union cannot long continue.
They believe that there is a great numerical ma-
jority against the institution of slavery; that there
is a disposition to trample on their constitutional
rights, anil to brand them with degradation and
inferiority. Kir, this feeling must be arrested, or
the Government cannot endure. Gentlemen need
not talk about coereion. That is as idle as the
wind. I make no distinction between the people
of the Worth and of the South. They are of the
same common linkage, are animated by the same
purposes, governed by the same spirit of progress,
animated by the same character of will, have the
same power of intellect to comprehend thcirrights,
and the same determined purpose to maintain
them.
The fifteen southern States of this Union have,
so far as climate, soil,productions,and minerals
are concerned, all the elements of a nation. They
occupy the largest and best portion of the Union.
I concede that" they are not so well developed.
The South is young in point of settlement. It has
less eommeice. It is more devoted to agricul-
ture. But, sir, if the South is driven to its own
resources, it has them, and will develop all the
elements of a great civilization, agricultural, com- j
mercial, mechanical, literary, social, and every- i
thing that can make the charactcr of a great peo-
ple.' It is idle to think that this is not so. The
people of the South understand their resources,
and know their power. It is a question of right;
and we look at it in that light. We ought to look
at it and understand it in that light. The people
of the South know their rights, and expect to
maintain them. They have made frequent con-
cessions. But now the time has come when gen-
tlemen may rest assured that no other concession
will be made that affects the rights of the people
of the South. They will now stand upon their
rights. . ,
"But, sir, the apprehensions that they are to be j
oppressed by a great sectional party are not lim- 1
ited to the South. They extend to millions of j
freemen iiPthe northern States—intelligent, patri- I
otic, just men, who look to the preservation of |
the Union and of the Constitution ill its original |
and true spirit. I know it has been said taunt- j
ingly of these northern men that they are adjuncts ;
to the slave power. Shame for the want of patri- :
otic inspiration ought to choke the utterance of i
such an expression. If I have ever beheld any j
one spectacle that inspired me with more admira- j
tion than any other, it has been the great contest i
in which these men have been engaged against I
passions and prejudices, cultivated by falsehood, j
and stimulated by heated and inflammatory dcc- I
lamation. It has been the calm stand which, they.
have taken on the Constitution, regarding it as a
bond of union; considering the Goverhmgat as
one of limited and specifically .delegated powers;
recognizing the rights ofthe States to regulate^
their domestic institutions, and feeing that tljey
have no responsibility for these institutions. I ad-
mire the men who stand upon this patriotic e lr
nence, animated byapurpose of maintaining those
principles which uphold the Government; Strugs
gling against fanaticism, fraud, and. falsehood;
struggling against those who repudiate the-Con-
stitution, repudiate the action of Congress, and
repudiate the decisions of the Supreme Court,
This great intellectual and political struggle, pre-
sents a spectaclo which shoufll av/aken pride in
the heart of every patriot throughout the ...
I have heard men talk of reading others out of
the Democratic party for minorreasons. I would
to God that we could read half a million of theix*
into it. When the Constitution and the Union
are vindicated and sectiomtlism rebuked, thep we
can settle administrative questions on convictions
of duty. What a spectaclo would it be to-day if
sectionalism could be buried, and if men from
Maine, New York, and Pennsylvania, uniting
with those from Virginia, the Carolinas, and
Louisiana, should come together and form a party
on one side, and men from the same States come
together and form a party on the other side, on
administrative questions—tlius^ evidencing the
fraternity of feeling and the nationality of polit-
ical organization! With what joy Hie heart of
evpry patriot in the country would leap ftt sijcjia
spectacle!
But while this is theearnestdwireof my netu't,
I have to say to these gentlemen that if they are
determined to carry on this crusade, it rests with
the people of the free States to arrest their career
if they can. If they cannot do it—and I,as one
from the South, will lend them all the aid I can,
sympathizing with all my heart and soul in their
efforts, and willing to do all I can to assist them
in their good and patriotic, work—if they cannot
do it, I believe the time has come when the people
ought no longer to rely upon the action of Coii 
grcss for the settlement of this question -, but
to appeal to the sovereign States themselves to
put an end to this agitation. If, in the eon)ing
election, it shall appear that the conservative ele-
ments in the North cannot prevail oyer sectional-
ism, I shall then have reached that point at which,
so far as I have any influence, I shall urge the con-
vening of a Congress of the southern States to
propose an ultimalwii to the free States upon
which they will remain in political connection.
That ultimatum should be that they shall have ad-
ditional and specific guarantees in reference to their
common rights in the Territories; and that, they
will remain in political connection witli no State
that will not repeal all laws intended to hinder the
execution of the fugitive slave law. And when
a Congress assembles for that purpose, it should
go one step beyond, and secure some guarantee
for the future which will protect the minority
against the power of the majority, when it might
be desired to oppress that minority by adverse
legislation on the tariff c)uestion.
in expressing this opinion, I do not do it hast-
ily, but from a sense of duty, from a conviction
of its necessity—not to dissolve the Union, but to
maintain it. Unless there is power in the free
States to arrest this agitation, the only. w?.y m
which the Union can be maintained is, that we
should make a clear and specific indication of our
rights, and ofthe conditions upon which we will
remain in political association; and, if the free
States will not agree to those conditions, then it
will be the first step to a separation, and, I trust,
a peaceful separation; for, certainly, if this per-
petual clamor on a single subject is to be kept up,
to arrest our practical legislation, to vitiate all
friendly association, and to mar all concord and
peace among the people of the Union, the Union,
undersuchcircumstances,isnotdesirable. While
I will do all I can to maintain the Union, it must
be a Union under the Constitution, and in con-
formity with the spirit of the Constitution.
I give expression to these views, because ol
the range which this discussion has taken, and
because, in times like these, it is well enough that
we should understand each other. It isi true that
I h ave no special authority to speak for the people
I represent, op a subject lifia-tjus; and I only speak
