346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
on the general presumption that they know their
rights and intend to maintain them, and to adopt
the necessary measures to maintain them.
Leaving this subject, and coming back to the
question of organization, I have offered such rea-
sons as occurred to me why we should make a
united and energetic effort to organize the House
on conservative principles. The gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] the other day, made a sug-
gestion which at the time met my approval—at
least, I thought it a sensible suggestion. He sug-
gested that it was necessary that there should be
some understanding in relation to the matter be-
tween the parties which are opposed to the Re-
publican party. Th^re seemed to be an impression,
when he spoke, that he referred to some improper
bargaining. I did not so understand it. The gen-
tleman, I apprehend, intended 110 such meaning
to be attached to his expression. I simply under-
stood him as announcing that which every man
knows to be true, that this House could not be
organized by an agreement of all these elements
unless their political positions should be recog-
nized in that organization; and it must be recog-
nized by some understanding that they are to be
respected in the selection of the men who are to
officer this House. I do not think that that is an
improper feeling. 1 think it is a correctone. For
myself, I sanction it. I was disposed to think
favorably of the suggestion made by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Anderson,] the day before
yesterday, that a committee of each party should
come together and consult, and select a ticket upon
which we can all unite; but that suggestion has
not been acted upon,and I have notseen any evi-
dence that it is likely to be acted on.
Now, this idea has occurred to me, and I would
suggest it, although, of course, it will be entitled
to Tittle weight, coming from one of such poor pre-
tensions as myself: it is, that the members of the
Democratic, American, and anti-Lecompton par-
ties come together and, in a spirit of patriotic fra-
ternity, select a ticket. Let it, be understood that
the mere act of coming together binds no one to
the support of the ticket that may be selected, but
that an agreement after coming together shall
bind them. My opinionis,thatifa spirit of patri-
otism, of conciliation, of concession should actu-
ate us, we could come together and select a ticket
which can be elected, and thus an organization can
be secured on a national basis—one that will have
some tendency at least to restore the country,
distracted as it is at present, to peace and repose.
Mr. "WELLS. Mr. Clerk, we are now near
the termination of the fifth week since we have at-
tempted to organize this House by the election of
a Speaker. I was much pleased by the remark
of tne gentleman from Mississippi, [Mi\McRaf.,]
who said that he was a fair man; and I believe he
would like to see fair play. Now, it seems to me,
that in this pugilistic ring—for it cannot be called
much better—there is nothing like fairplay, so long
as the great majority of the Republican members
upon this floor conceive it to be their duty to say
nothing until, by the selection of a Presiding Offi-
ccroverthis assemblage,we are prepared to trans-
act the business of the nation. 1 am, myself, per-
fectly satisfied, that had the policy which seems
to have been adopted generally by the Republican
members on this floor, been persisted in from the
commencement, we should have been this day an
organized body. That policy has again and again
beeii'departed from, as it is well understood gen-
tlemen had a right to do; but 1 want to know
whether it is fair play that on this side of the
House our hps should be closed, whilst on the
other side the opportunity is seized to discuss the
principles of the disuniomsts of this nation, and to
spread broadcast over the country doctrines at war
with the stability, with the perpetuity, and with
the peace and prosperity of our common country ?
I have not risen, sir, for the purpose of making
a speech. I simply rose to this simple question:
How arc we to organize this House? Is there
any party here able to organize it? Is there any
party here that lias a majoiity? Every man in
this assembly and in the whole country knows
that no such party exists in this House; that i>o
such party is represented here.
In one of two ways only can it be organized.
It is well understood that the Republicans have
polled their entire vote. Not a man more can be
added to their number. It is well understood
throughout the whole length and breadth of the
country, that the South Americans ana Democrats j
cannot, unite upon any man of their own num-
ber; that they are as radically opposed to each
other as both of them are opposed to the Repub-
licans. How, then, can this House be organized
except by the voluntary withdrawal of a portion
of the Democrats or South Americans, or by the
adoption of the plurality rule?
We are told that there is a body of men in this
House who are opposed to the adoption of the
plurality rule. I wish to know upon what prin-
ciple they can oppose the adoption of that rule ?
Has it been discovered that a majority must com-
bine in the choice of a Speaker, or that a Speaker
cannot be chosen? Is it not known that the Con-
stitution confers upon this House the power of
selecting its own officers, and that, having that
power, they may exercise it in any way they sec
fit? And if a majority of this House sees fit to
appoint a committee, and give authority to that
committcc to designate the man who is to occupy
the Speaker's chair, common sense and common
reason tell us that it is the exercise of power by
a majority; and if a majority of those assembled
here see nt, in this exigency, to adopt the plural-
ity rule, to say that inasmuch as wc are unable to
give a majority to any particular man, we will
agree that the man whom a plurality elects shall
sit in the Speaker's chair, it is the act of the ma-
jority. So I say, let us talk no more in regard to
the general principles of the Republican, or Amer-
ican, or the Democratic party, but let us, like men
acting under a sense of grave responsibility, vote;
vote on, and vote ever, until we come to some
conclusion.
Mr. AVINSLOW. Will the gentleman give
way to enable me to move that a vote be taken
for Speaker ?
Mr. WELLS. 1 cannot at this moment. Mr.
Clerk, I came here to work, I came here to vote,
and when the turkey is hot 1 do not mean to go
to my dinner if I can help it—X am ready to sit
here, until to-morrow }s cock crows if necessary to
accomplish the election of Speaker. Let us sit
silently and quietly, but firmly, in the discharge of
our duty to our constituents and to the country,
Ictus resolve that wc will not talk; neither will
we feast upon the good things of this world,
while our constituents, the mail contractois of the
country, arc sulfemijr, and in danger of bank-
ruptcy.
Sir, I am in favor of the adoption of the plural-
ity rule, and sooner or later it hasgot to be adopted.
Let those gentlemen, whether they be ten, twenty,
fifty, or a hundred, assume the responsibility when
they say they will not vote forthe plurality rule,
and stand before the country responsible to it for
the act which.they see fit to do.
Mr. GOOCH I rise to a question of privilege.
I desire to correct a repoit in (heGlobe. Yester-
day, after i had put one or two interrogatories to
the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] and J
received his answers, I put this one:
" If that be so, then, if I understand the pmtleman, it is
aho in violation of the common pi maples of.justice to ex-
clude slavery 110111 any State in the Union where it does
not now exist."
The answer to it, was this:
" I think that it is not only m violation of the common
principles of justice, but m violation of the Constitution of
the United States."
In the Globe of to-day, as printed, I find it thus:
" Mr. Gooch. If that be so, then, if I understand the
gentleman, it is abo in violation of the common principles
of justice to exclude slavery fiom any State in the Union
where it now exists."
The question is altered by striking out the
words "does not." The answer, then, is printed:
(< Mr. JIkagan. I think that it 1* not only in violation
of the common piinciplea of justice, but, if done by Federal
authority, a violation of the Con>titution of the United
States." ®
The words "but if done by Federal authority"
are inserted in the Globe of to-day, when they
were not used in debate yesterday, or in the an-
swer to my question yesterday. The question is
altered and the answer is altered, from the report
as taken by the reporter.
I find in a slip which I have received from the
Globe office, that it was printed and struck off
precisely as it occurred, and precisely as written
down by the reporter for the Globe, but I find in
the Globe, as it comes to us, the alterations which
I have mentioned. 1 know not by whom the
alterations were made, and I make this statement
in order that the matter may appear in the Globe
precisely as it occurred upon the floor of the
House.
Mr. REAGAN. Before Lmake the statement
which I am about to make, let me ask the gentle-
man if he did not revise his remarks of yesterday,
and change the question in its sense?
Mr. GOOCH. Not at all.
Mr. REAGAN. Then I will state how the
alteration to which he refers occurred. A proof
sheet of the debate was submitted to me this
morning. It will be perceived that the question
propounded is as to whether it would be in vio-
lation of the piinciples of natural justice to abolish ,
slavery in the States where it does not exist?
Mr. GOOCH. No, si^. If the gentleman will
permit me, I did not use the word " abolish;" I
used the worn " exclude.5>
Mr. REAGAN. Then it simply amounts to
this: I misapprehended the question of the gen-
tleman. When the proof sheet was submitted
to me, without looking particularly at the words,
the idea occurred to me, inasmuch as we were
discussing the question of abolishing slavery, that
the idea expressed was the same, and that there
had been some error in propounding the question.
I thought that the gentleman intended to ask
whether it was in accordance with the principles
of natural justice to abolish slavery wnere it did
exist. That was about all of it. I apprehended
that the word " not" was put there by mistake,
from the character of the answer I made at the
time, as given to me this morning. I apprehended
that I had not rightly understood the question.
The question and answer, as they appeared to me,
had a nonsensical character, which wis perhaps
my fault. The gentleman speaks of excluding
slavery where it did not exist. If I had under-
stood his question, I should have felt only sur-
prised that he should have asked it in relation to
excluding slavery from the States where it does
not exist.
If I now understand the gentleman's question, it '
was with reference to the exclusion of slavery
from States where it does not exist. Why, sir,
there is nobody, not even a tyro in politics, who
recognizes the doctrine of State rights and consti-
tutional obligation, that will say the General Gov-
ernment has anything to do with that question,
nor has any other State anything to do with that
question beyond its own limits. For instance: the
Slates of this Union cannot prohibit slavery in the
State of Massachusetts, either by the principles of
the Constitution or the principles of natural right.
I am only astonished, since thegcntlemanhas made
his explanation, ihfit such a question should have
been propounded to me. I presume that there is
not a man in the Union who supposes that any
State has any right over the question of slavery
in any other State, or that the Federal Govern-
ment has any control over thc question of slavery
in any of the States, beyond the return of fugi-
tive slaves. I distinctly recognize the doctrine of
State rights—that the States of this Union have
the absolute, unconditional control of their do-
mestic institutions. If a State has not slavery,
there is no power in any State, or in all the States
combined, or in the Federal Government, to force
slavery upon it; and if a State desires to have
slavery, tnere is no power in the Federal Gov-
ernment, in any State, or all the States combined,
to prevent it from having it.
The whole thing then, sir, has grown out of a
misapprehension. I am sorry that I did not ap-
prehend the gentleman's question at the time. If
I had, I would not have made the nonsensical
answer which appears 111 the Globe; and I am glad
that the gentleman has calied attention to it.
Mr. GOOCH. 1 am willing that the House
sholl judge as to whether the question was non-
sensical or not. They will, of course, judge m
relation to the answer. The gentleman did state
that it is contrary to the principles of natural jus-
tice to exclude slavery from the Territories at the
time of the adoption of their State constitutions.
I think he will not deny that.
Mr. REAGAN. That is what I did say.
Mr. GOOCH. I then wanted to know whether
the gentleman wentfurther. I knew he must do it.
I asked him whether, if it was contrary to the
"principles of natural justice to exclude ltfrom n£w
States at the time of the adoption of their consti-
tutions, it was not also contrary to the principles
