1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1367
Herald of the 9th of this month. My attention
was called to it the other*day by a friend. It is
a speech represented as having been made by him,
in which there are certain allusions to the State
that I have the honor in part to represent, and
some allusions to myself. The speech purports
to have been made at Dover, New Hampshire,
March 7, and is reported by a correspondent of
the Herald. The gentleman is reported to have
said what I ask the Secretary to read.
The Secretary read as follows:
(< He commenced his address by sayingthathedesiredto
be heard, not for himself, but for his cause; that be always
delighted to speak to laboring men, and that if he did not
honor the working classes, he should cast reproach upon
the father and mother whose memory he was proud to per-
petuate. He was the sou of a blacksmith; and while he
blew the bellows at the forge, his father hammered out the
son's education on the anvil. He had been that day through
the Coheco print works, and while theie, was introduced
to an intelligent workman, with whom he offered to shake
hands; but the man drew back, declaring that his hand was
too dirty to give to a gentleman. He, [the speaker,] how-
ever, assured him that smut did not do aman any haim un-
less it penetrated to the soul. The soil of New England, he
said, was rugged and sterile. She bad no mines of coal,
iron, copper, or tin, to increase her wealth; but she had what
was better. She bad free men and free hands; and with
these she was able to cxcel more favored States, where the
blight of slavery rested. Tennessee had both coal and cop-
per, but she lacked the energy to develop her resources.
If aman went there and asked the price of eoal, it was al-
ways so much a bushel; they never thought of selling it by
the cargo; and he had himself seen copper taken from the
mines there and sent to New Yoik to be smelted by the
£ mud-sills' of society, because there weie not energy and
enterprise enough inTennessee to do it." * * *■
"The idea of the South dissolving the Union was pre-
' posteious. Senator Johnson, of Tennessee, recently told
him [Clark] that in the disturbances in that State in 1856,
the people became highly alarmed, and that any politic
man could have gone through the State, and the planters
would have joined mdriving all the slaves out of the State,
because they were afraid of them. What, then, would be
the helpless condition of Georgia and other southern States,
should they once put themselves without the pale of the
Union?"
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire if that is a correct re-
port of his speech made at that place, or whether
he made a speech there at all ?
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I do not know
why or for what reason anything I may have said
in my State on the stump should be brought here
into the Senate of the United States. I am en-
tirely willing to meet the honorable Senator from
Tennessee at any time or any place, and have any
personal conversation with him, or give him any
explanation he may demand or require in regard
to what I said; but I really do not know why it
should he brought here. 1 do not know what it
has to do with the public business. That is all I
have to say now, that I know of or think of. I
shall be very happy to meet the Senator at any
time on this matter, which, it seems to me, does
not concern the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It seems to
me, Mr. Piesidcnt, that here was a public decla-
ration of statements, made on the authority of a
Senator in his absence, and where he could not be
heard. If it is a correct report of the Senator's
speech on that occasion. I cannot see what hesi-
tancy there should be in avowing it; or, if it is not,
in disavowing it. I am in hopes the Senator will
say yea or nay, whether it is or is not.
Mr. CLARK. I am not disposed to say any-
thing about it, because I do not understand that
it belongs here. If the Senator is disposed to go
into the public press, or go on the stump, I will
answer him anywhere where it belongs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. A thing of this
sort is exceedingly painful and unpleasant to me;
but I shall take the privilege of replying to what
is represented here as the Senator's speech, made
at Dover, on the 7th of this month. I have called
on the Senator courteously and politely, here in
my place, either to avow it or disavow it. He
declines to do either. I think, then, that I am
authorized to infer that it is a correct report of
what he said, and to treat it as such.
In reference to what the Senator has said, then,
I am constrained to make the remark that, if he
was familiar with the facts connected with the his-
tory of the State of Tennessee, her copper mines,
and the energy9of her people, he has sa«l that
which he must have known to be untrue; if he
was not familiar with the facts, and did not un-
derstand them, he was not authorized to say what
he did not know; and as he has declined to avow
or disavow this report of his speech, he is at lib-
erty to take cither horn of the dilemma
If that Senator had made himself familiar
with the facts in relation to the copper mines in
the State of Tennessee, to which he has alluded,
he would have found that the principal mines
were discovered in 1851—nine years ago—in an
almost inaccessible portion of the country, lying
between two mountains, where they could scarcely
be reached,, by a man on foot; and since the dis-
covery of those mines, there has been a sufficient
amount of enterprise and energy to dig down the
hills, fill up the valleys, make good roads, and
extract large amounts of ore from the mines.
That*does not seem to show a want of energy or
enterprise; but, on the contrary, they have pur-
sued this with, I may say, unusual energy and
enterprise, until to-day, at those very copper
mines at Ducktown, to which he has alluded,
there are seven smelting furnaces in operation,
running out many tons of pig metal everyday.
Does this show that the people there are wanting
in energy and enterprise ? It must be remembered
that the ore has been discovered within a short
time, and in an almost inaccessible portion of the
country. I think, on the other hand, it argues a
great deal for their enterprise.
Mr. President, it never has been, and it never
will be, voluntarily my business to make invidious
comparisons between one State and another; and
if the Senator had pursued his investigation a little
further before making his references to the energy
and enterprise of the people of Tennessee, I do
not think that he would, if he had regard to truth
and accuracy, have made the statements that he
did make. How does Tennessee compare even
with the Senator's own State, whore she was
lugged in and referred to before an audience where
she had no one to defend her and tell the true his-
tory of her case? Even when we turn back to
1850, and examine the statistics, what do we find ?
I am sorry to, be compelled to go into this matter,
but the course of the Senator seemed to require it.
A friend of mine directed my attention to this
speech of his, or I should not have seen it; and I
was in hopes that the Senator, so soon as he got
to see it himself, if he has seen it, would rise in
his place and correct it.
When we turn to the comparative capacity and
production resulting from the energy and enter-
prise of the people of the two States, how dors the
matter stand ? We find, so far as farms arc con-
cerned—and the farms m our State are much larger
than they are in New Hampshire—that in 1850
there were in the State of Tennessee 72, (35 farms
and plantations; in New Hampshire, 29,229; Ten-
nessee having nearly treble the number ot farms,
and they of a much larger size. We had 5,175,173
acres of improved land; New Hampshire had
2,251,448; Tennessee having two and a half times
as many acres improved. The cash value of farms
in the State of Tennessee was $97,851,212, and it
has been greatly increased since that time; in New
Hampshire, §55,245,977. The value of farm im-
plements and machinery in the State of Tennessee
was $5,360,210; in New Hampshire, §2,314,125;
more than double again. The number of persons
engaged m agriculture was, in Tennessee, 227, i39;
in New Hampshire, 77,949; nearly four timesas
many. The number of persons engaged in min-
ing in New Hampshire, where, according to the
Senator, there is all the enterprise, was 13; ill
Tennessee, 103. The number of persons engaged
in commerce, notwithstanding Tennessee is an
interior State, and especially so when compared
with the State of New Hampshire, was, in Ten-
nessee, 2,217; New Hampshire, 1,379; Tennessee
having almost double the number of New Hamp-
shire.0 The number of persons engaged in man-
ufacturing in Tennessee was 17,815; in New
Hampshire, 17,826; nearly as many engaged in
manufactures in Tennessee as in the State of New
Hampshire. Then we come to the number of
pounds of wool, and we have 1,364,378 pounds;
New Hampshire, 1,108,476; even beating them m
the production of wool. Then we come to cotton.
We have 194,532 bales, at four hundred pounds
to the bale; New Hampshire, none. This is the
result of our enterprise.
Next we come to the number of bushels of
wheat. The Senator seems wonderfully to object
to bushels; he says that we talk there about
bushels instead of cargoes. That is a mere arbi-
trary distinction. We can call thena by any name
we please so that we convey the idea, and that
is the great object of language. Of wheat, we
raised, in 1850, 1,619,386 bushels-, New Hamp-
shire, 185,658; Tennessee nearly ten times as
much as New Hampshire.- In corn, Tennessee -
had 52,276,223 bushels, (bushels again-,) New
Hampshire, 1,573,67X1; Tennessee nearly fifty
times as much as New Hampshire. Of .oats,
(bushels again,) Tennessee had 7,703,086; New
Hampshire, 973,381; Tennessee eight times.as
many as New Hampshire. Of tobacco, we raised
20,148,932 pounds; the State of New Hampshire
raised 50 pounds. Of cattle, Tennessee raised
750,762head; New Hampshire,26,910. Of horses,
asses, and mules, which are very, common com-
modities, especially the asses, [laughter,] Ten-
nessee raised 345,939; New Hampshire, 34,252;
ten times as many. Of sheep, Tennessee had
811,591; New Hampshire, 384,756; nearly treole
those of New Hampshire in value. Of swine,
Tennessee raised 3,104,800; New Hampshire,
63,487. Of pig-iron, that people who have so little
enterprise, and have to go away to the North to
get any, produced 30,420 tons; while New Hamp-
shire produced but 200. In its manufacture, Ten-
nessee employed 1,822 hands; New Hampshire
10. The taxable-property of the State of Ten-
nessee in 1850 was $195,281,358, and her taxable
property to-day is $300,000,000; while that of
New Hampshire was $95,251,596.
Then let us come to railroads. In 1850, when
our system was scarcely commenced,New Hamp-
shire had 512 miles of railroad; Tennessee, 388.
We have now over 1,100 miles, even beating New
Hampshire upon the subject of railroads. Then,
in making a comparison, I do not see why it was
necessary  s
Mr. MALLORY. My friend from Tennessee
will allow me to make an appeal to him. I gave
way for the purpose of allowing him to make an
explanation, and I appeal to him to make it as
brief as possible.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I shall take
but a few moments longer. So much for the en-
ergy, enterprise, and industry of Tennessee. I
have no invidious remarks to make in reference
to New Hampshire. It is not my place or my
business to do it. But I wish to call attention to
this other-paragraph:
"Till! idea of the South dissolving t!ie Union was pie-
postiToiu. Senator Johnson, of Tenno^see recently told
linn [Clark] that in tile distuibanees in that State ill 1856,
the people became luglily alarmed, and that any politic mail
could have gone thiongli the State, and the planters would
have joined in dnvmg all the slaves out of the State, be-
cause tliey were afiaul of them. What, then, would have
been the helpless, condition of Georgia and other southern
States, should they once put themselves without the pale
of the Union?"
In the first place, I do not remember ever to
have had a conversation with the Senator from
New Hampshire upon that subject, and especially
not during this session. If I had a conversation
with him or with anybody else upon that subject,
I know what I said. I know what I have ever
said upon that subject. I know what I thought,
I know what I felt, and I know that I never said
that. I will state what I have said, but whether
I ever said it in the hearing of the Senator from
New Hampshire or not, I do not know. I do not
remember to ha 'e had a conversation with him
during the present session of Congress on that or
any otfier subject. I have stated what I feared
would be the result if the abolition and anti-slavery
feeling were carried out to its consummation; and
I have said, in speaking on that subject, that in
1856 1 had seen a spirit and a feeling manifested
ill the country that I had never seen before, which
convinced me clearly and conclusively what the
abolition agitation would eventuate in when it was
pressed to its final ultimatum. 1 say that if the
day ever does come when the effort is made to
emancipate the slaves, to abolish slavery, and turn
them loose on the country, the noil -slaveholder of
the South will be the first man to unite with the
slaveholder to reduce them to subjugation again;
and if one would be more ready to do so than the
other, it would be the non-slaveholder. I have
said that;and that if their resistance to subjugation
were obstinate and stubborn, the non-slaveholder
would unite with the slaveholder, and all this abo-
lition philanthropy, all this abolition sympathy,
when pressed to its ultimatum, would result in the
extirpation of the negro racc. That is what I
said, it is what I felt, and what I saw,and what
i know to be the fueling of the non-slaveholders
m the slaveholding States to-day. Press thin ques-
