1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of natural justice to continue the exclusion, or to
keep slavery excluded, afterwards ?
Mr. REAGAN. I want to state, and I hope
that it will be satisfactory to the gentleman, that
the reason I said it was contrary to natural justice
to abolish slavery, was because of my recognition
of slaves as property. I recognize them as prop-
erty. In the,StatesVhere slavery exists,jthey
are recognized as property. If a man goes with
his slaves into the common territory to associate
with other people there, to build up new commu-
nities, those slaves are there held as property.
When that community comes to form a State
government, I said that in forming a State consti-
tution, and constructing its sovereignty, it had the
power under the Federal Constitution to exclude
slavery; but that that power was the cxercisc of a
revolutionary right which destroyed private prop-
erty, and that the exercise of any revolutionary
right which destroys private property is a viola-
tion of the principles of natural justice.
Now, sir, the gentleman misapprehends me
when he comes to the other question, and asks
me whether the same principle is to be invoked in
the exclusion of slavery from the States where it
does not exist. I tell him no; that is a different
thing. Slavery does not exist in his State; his
State is a sovereignty for the purpose of regulating
that subject. A man has a natural right to retain
his slaves as property where slavery exists; but
he has not a natural right to go and hold that prop-
erty against the laws of a sovereignty where sla-
very does not exist. While I will have a right to
go and settle with my slave property in any of the
common territories, and assist to decide, at the
proper time, upon its domestic institutions, yet,
sir, I would not have the right to go into an ex-
isting sovereignty and hold slave property there,
unrecognized as property in that sovereignty, in
defiance of. the law. Therefore, sir, it would not
be a violation of the principles of natural justice
if Massachusetts, in her sovereign capacity,
should exclude slavery from her limits.
Mr. GOOCH. If I understand the gentleman,
he holds that a man who lives under one govern-
ment or sovereignty,although he may have what
the law recognizes as property under that sover-
eignty, still, if he goes into another State under
* another and a different sovereignty, he has no
right to claim that the property which he holds
shall there be regarded as property.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not know whether the
gentleman rightly understands me.
Mr. GOOCH. Docs the gentleman understand
my question?
Mr. REAGAN. I will say I understand that,
by principles of natural justice—I put it upon
that ground—the people have a right to organize
a government and adopt institutions suited to
their tastes and wishes. Having organized that
government, no man has a right, upon a claim of
natural justice, to interfere with the sovereign au-
thority of that State. That is one case, and that
answers one question.
But, sir, a man who, as it were, in a state of
nature—if you can imagine such a state, for the
territorial condition comes next to that—goes with
others into the common territories, with prop-
erty recognized by the laws, has an interest m
the formation of the common government.
It is true that the law of nations recognizes the
right of nations, in their sovereign capacity and as
a revolutionary right, to destroy property. That
has often been recognized and actcd upon. It has
been so adjudicated by the courts of this and
other countries. But while it is a revolutionary
right, while it. is the right of power—I say that
when it comes to the destruction of the private
property of partners to the formation of the Gov-
ernment, it is in derogation of natural right, a vio-
lation of the private rights of the particular indi-
viduals whose property is stricken down.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Clerk, the gentleman may
consider that he has answered the question I have
put to him; but I fail to see that he has answered
it. I am willing to let the question stand if he is
willing to let the answer stand.
One word more, and T have done. It seems to
me that the alteration of the question put by one
gentleman, and the alteration of the answer made
by another, is taking a liberty with the record of
our proceedings as made up m the Globe, which
should not be done.
Mr. REAGAN. Certainly, if I have done the
i gentleman from Massachusetts injustice, I owe
j him an apology. Any thing I did was done in all
i fairnqss; I did not wish to place the gentleman in
I any false position. I thought thft 1 had expressed
! myself clearly until J saw the report of the de-
j bates. In the ^debate, the answer attributed to
j me as an answer m reply to the question that is
! attributed to the gentleman, seemed to me to be
| nonsensical. I could notimagine that the gentle-
| man could have asked me such a question. I did
; not, at the time, understand him as asking me
i such a question. I thought wc were talking about
i abolishing slavery ^ That explains the striking out
| of the word "not." And so firmly was that idea
! fixed in my mind, that I still believed that the
word "abolish" was there until the gentleman
, stated that it was not. I thought it unnecessary
; to talk of abolishing slavery where it did not ex-
ist, and therefore f said to the reporter that it
: must be a mistake. But I beg the gentleman's
pardon, if I did him injustice, and I assure him I
was actuated by the utmost good faith.
Mr. GOOCH. I will say that I am satisfied
with the explanation, so far as I am concernod.
Mr. WINSLOW. This thing being satisfac-
torily adjusted, I move that the House now pro-
ceed to a vote for Speaker.
Mr. KEITT. I move that there b&acall of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll of the House was called; when the
Messrs. Ashley, Ashmore, Barr, Brown, Clemens, Claik
B. Cochianr, Curry, Dimmick, IJafkna, Irvine, Jenkins,"
Jones, ICunkel, McKean, Moorhead, Pottle, Reynolds,
Stalhvortl), Stevenson, VTan Wyck, Woodson, and Wright.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. AVERY stated that Mr. Wright had
paired off with Mr. Haskix until to-moirow at
twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that Mr.
Kunkel had paired off with Mr. McKean for the
day.
Mr. WASHBURN, oF Wisconsin, stated that
Mr. Ashley was paired off with Mr. Clemens.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that Mr.
Ashmore was paired with Mr. Pottle.
Mr. WINSLOW stated that Mr. Curry was
paired with Mr. Curtis.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that Mr. Jones was
paired with Mr. Irmne.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand from the gen-
tleman with whom my colleague, [Mr. Steven-
son,] was paired, that the pair expired at twelve
o'clock to-day. My colleague was called home
by urgent business, and he went also with a view
to bring his family to this city. I know he is on
the way here now, and probably he would have
been here but for the interruption of travel by
the weather. Under the circumstances I have no
doubt the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Nixon-,] or some other gentleman upon that side
will pair with him.
Mr. NIXON. Under the circumstances I will
continue my pair with him.
The absentees were then reported as above re-
corded.
Mr. WINSLOW. Before we proceed to a
vote I wish to say that a Democrat is absent from
sickness; a carriage will be sent for him, and if
possible he will be brought here.
Mr. CONKLINGr. 1 move to dispense with
all further proceedings under the call.
Mr. WINSLOW. If the gentleman who is
absent should not come, and if a gentleman upon
the other side will pair with him, we can go on
with the vote.
Mr. GROW. I understood we were done with
this sort of thing.
Mr. WINSLOW. There is no use in having
any difficulty about it.
Mr. GROW. I thought itwas understood yes-
terday that gentlemen should be left to look out
for their own pairs. A practice has grown up
this session which never existed before, and it
ought to be discarded. If gentlemen cannot take
care of their own pairs, others ought not to do it
for them.
Mr. WINSLOW. We think differently upon
this side; and I call for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to dispense with further proceedings
under the call.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
"The question was put; and it was decided ill
the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 90; as follows; -
YEAS—Messrs. Charles P. Adams, Green Adams. Ad-
min, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William C."Anderson., Baobitt,
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Bristpw,
Buffmton, Builingame, Buruham, Burroughs, Butterfteld,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Horace P. Clark, Colfoft,
Conkling, Corwln, Covoae, Cox, James Craig, Qurtis^ H.
Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, IiueU, Dims,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry,
Foster, Frank:, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley,
Hale, Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Helmick, Hickman, Hill,
Hoard, Holman, Humphrey, Hutchins,- Junkto, Francis W7
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kil linger, H,ar-
rabee, DeWitt C> Leach, tee, Longnecker, Loomls, Love-
joy, Maclay,Marston, McKnight, McPherson,Miles,"Mill-
ward, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse,, Nixon, OJin,
Palmer, Pendleton, Pennington, Perry, Pettjt, Porter, Pot-
ter, Rlcc, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scran-
ton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spaulaing, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker, Tompkins,Train, Vandever,Vercee,Wade, Wal-
dron, Walton, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood,
and Woodruff—124.
NAY'S—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barksdale,
Barrett, Bocock, Bonham,Boteler,Bou]igny,Boyec, Brab-
son, Branch, Burch, Burnett, John B. Claik, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cooper, Burton Craige, Crawford, David-
son, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundson, English, Eth-
cridge, Florence, Fouke, Gamett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hamil-
ton, Hardeman, JohnT. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hind-
man. Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Keitt, L$raar,
Landrum, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love,MaHory,
Chajles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClcr-
nand, McQueen, McRae, Millson, Montgomery^Laban T.
Moore, Sydenham Mooie, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Nib-
lack, Noeli, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh,Q,uarles, Reagan,
Riggi«, James 0. Jiobinson, Ruffin, Rust, Scott, Siekles,
Sinmis, Siiigleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Whiteley, and
Winsiow—90.
So all further proceedings under the call were
dispensed with.
During the call,
Mr. NIXON stated that the pair between him-
self and Mr. Stevenson had been transferred to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Trimble.]
Mr. BRANCH said: I desire to state, m order
that I may not be committed to a false position,
that I entertain the opinion that, m the present
condition of the House, we have no pqwer to or-
der the Serjeant-at-Arms to bring in absent mem-
bers. But inasmuch as we have the right to send
the Sergeant-at-Arms to request their attendance,
I can properly now vote " no."
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. On our side of the
House there is still an absent member. His ab-
sence, I understand, is to be attributed to his sick-
ness. I have learned that he is confined to his
room. He has been sent for, and may arrive. I
trust gentlemen upon the other side, under these
circumstanccs, will perceive how proper it is to
attempt to make a pair with him, in order that we
may proceed to a vote. [Cries of " No!"" No V*
from the Republican side.] Can such a pair be
made? [Criesof"No!"<iNo!"] Then the action
of gentlemen upon the other side forces me, in order
to provide for the contingency of this gentleman
who is detained by sickness, to the dilatory mo-
tion that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 76, nays 135; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barrett,
Bonh&m, Boteler, Bouligny, Brabson, Branch. Bristow,
Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Burton Craige, Crawford, Davidson, H. Winter Davis,
John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundson, English, Ether-
idge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hamilton,
Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hawkins, Hill, Hindman, Hous-
ton , Jackson, Keitt, Lamar, Land rum, Leake, Logan, Love,
Maclay, Mallorv, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, May-
nard, McClcrnawI, McQueen, McRae, Miies, Millson, Syd-
enham Moore, Nelson, Niblack, Noeli, Pugh, O/iarles,
James C. Robinson. Ituifin, Rust, Scott, Sickles, Vilnius,
Singleton, William Smith, William N. II. Smith, James A.
Stewart, *FayJoi, Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Webster,
Whiteley, and Winslow—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adums, Green Adams, Ad-
lain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William (5. Anderson, Babbitt,
Barksdale, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock, Boyee,
Biavtoii, Briggs, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burn bam. Bur-
roughs,Butterficld, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Horace
F. Clark, Colfax, Conkling, Cooper, Corwin,Covode,Cox,
James Craig, Curtis, Reuben Davis, Dawes, Delano, Ditell,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edward^ Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, -Fenton,
Ferry, Foster, Frank, French,Gooch, Graham, Grow,Gur-
ley, Hale, Hall, Hatton, Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Hoi-
man, Howard. Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, Junkin, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg. William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore. Killin-
gs, Lanabee, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee,
Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKnight, Mc-
Plierecn, Mill ward, J^aban T. Moorfe, Morrill, Edward Joy
