TSB C0NGR1SSI0KAL GLOBE.
June 22,
pose tfitoit is any part of the duty of the Speaker
tff 'rcgu!ate-that:matter. It is a subject under the
order of the House; and as the Speaker has re-
ceived that communication, he desires to state
that he should not thinfc it his province to direct
this matter in any way. It is under the order of
the House.
Mr. MILES. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, Tiiat, the resolution of the House, passed at
the present session, directing the superintendent of tile
Capilol extension to remove the benches from the Hali
and substitute the,old arrangement of desks and chairs, be,
and; the sanif is hereby, rescinded.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to the introduction of
that resolution.
Mr. KEITT. How does the resolution get in ?
Mr. MijLES. Is not the resolution privileged ?
Mr. BRANCH. I submit to the Chair that
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
South Carolina is perfectly in order, as the sub-
ject has been brought before the House by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was ob-
jected to all over'the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say
that thra'letter was read for no other purpose than
tOgivetfoe Chair an opportunity to state to the
HMise that the Chair would give no directions on
the subject, conceiving it-to belong to the House;
and the Chair thinks' that no resolution will be in
order,'eXccpt by unanimous consent.
Mr. MILES. I Move a suspension of the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dimmick] is entitled to the floor.
FRANKLIN PEALE.
Mr. DIMMICK. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of discharging the
Committee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of a bill (S. No. 189) for the relief
of Franklin Peate. I desire to make a remark in
reference to that bill.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 object to debate.
. Mr. DIMMICK. I am not going to argue the
merits of the case. I will merely remark that
the bill has passed the Senate three times.
Mr. BRANCH. That is debate; and I ob-
ject.
Mr- MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I desire only
to say, on the authority of Judge Kane, of Phil-
adelphia, president of the board of assay of the
Mint, that the inventions of Mr. Peale in the
coinage of money have saved the Government
hundreds of thousands of dollars. The bill has
passed the Senate three times; it has been three
times favorablyreponed on by committees of this
House; and, so far as I know, there has nevcr
been an.adverse report upon it.
Mr. DIMMICK- I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
•The yeas ^nd nays were not ordered.
Mr. DIMMICK. I call for'tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dimmick and
Vance were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-four, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
ADJOURNMENT OS CONGRESS.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) Thatthe President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives declare their respective Houses adjourned for the
present session on Saturday, the 23d instant, at twelve
o'clock, m.
Mr. KEITT. I objcct to that, because I heard
the President say that he was not going to send
the bills in until Monday.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. NELSON. I desire to offer a substitute
to that resolution.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The resolution
is not before the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD called for tellers on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wasii-
burne of Illinois, and Crawford, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-seven; a further count not being de-
manded.
So the rules were not suspended.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. SH ERM AN. I move that when this House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. COLFAX. I hope that will not be done.
I give notice to the House that, if it is,, the post
route bill will be lost. There has been no post
route bill now passed for two years.
Mr. SPINNER demanded the yeas and nays
on Mr. Sherman's motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw the Ynotion
for the present.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. NELSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit the following joint reso-
lution:
Joint resolution to rescind the joint resolution providirig-for
the adjournment of Congress.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stutes in Congress assembled, That the joint
resolution heretofore adopted, providing lor the adjourn-
ment of Congress ou Monday, the 25th instant, be, and the
same is hereby, rescinded ; that from and after Satuiday,
the 23d instant, no new bill or resolution shall be introduced
in either House,except bills and resolutions to be introduced
by the standing committees on matters heretofore submitted
them; and thatthe two Houses of Congress will not adjourn
until all public and private business now on the Calendars
of both Houses, or which may be placed on the Calendars
of both Houses on or before Saturday, the 23d current, shall
be regulnily dispatched and finished in the ordinary course
of legislation.
Mr. VANCE. As that is virtually a resolution
to keep the House in perpetual session, I object.
Mr. NELSON. I do not desire to detain the
House, but I ask their consent to occupy five min-
utes in a statement respecting the condition of the
business before us.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to debate.
Mr. NELSON. I move to suspend the rules.
The xailes were not suspended, (two thirds not
having voted in favor thereof.)
TIIE WATItOUS CASE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask leave to report the
following resolution from the Committee on the
Judiciary:
Resolved, Thatthe memorials heretofore referred to the
Judiciary Committee, for the impeachment of Judge John
C. VVatious, together with the testimony taken thereon
before said committee, be printed for the ii?c of the House ;
and also, vo much of the testimony taken in &aid case by
the Judiciary Committee in the Thirty-Fifth Congress, as
the Jucheiaiy Committee may direct.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
the introduction of that resolution.
Mr, BINGHAM. If the House will bear with
me a moment, while I make a statement, I do not
think any gentleman will objcct.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
ADJOURNMENT OVEll—AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit the motion,
that when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Monday morning next,^it ten o'clock. I will
state that the public business is now substantially
disposed of, with the exception of the PostOflice
deficiency bill, and I think it is useless for us to
sit here to-morrow.
Mr. COLFAX. There is a great deal of busi-
ness pending in the other branch of Congress
which we ought to consider. I wish to draw the
attention of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the fact that, although he
may have got through with all the bills of his
committee, yet there are some other bills of great
importance, reported from other committees,
which are yet unacted on. There is the post
route bill, which is now pending in the Senate.
There has been no post route bill passed for two
years, and I trust that the gentleman from Ohio,
because he has gone through with his business,
will not prevent other important business from
being done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the post
route bill is now under consideration in the Sen-
ate, and that they are pursuing the very unusual
course not only of loading it down with new
routes, but making appropriations to put service
upon them.
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a question of order.
No gentleman has a right to refer in this House
to what is passing in the Senate.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman's point of or-
der is undoubtedly well taken, and I take back all
I have said in relation to the Senate. [Laughter.]
I wiU,Jiowevcr, say in conclusion, that if any
amendments ore sent back to us from any other
branch of the Government, I pledge mysejf that
such as I cannot convince the House in five min-
utes are proper, I am willing shall be stricken out,
and that we shall require the Senate to recede
from them.
COURT OF CLAIMS BILLS.
Mr. MAYNARD, I wish to make a statement
to the House in throe lines, in behalf of a very
meritorious class of persons who are now before
the House. I refer to those who have been before
the Court of Claims, who have had their claims
investigated, who. have obtained the .decision of
that court in their favor in the shape of bills in
their behalf, which bills have passed the Senate,
have been referred to the proper committees in
this House, and have been reported back with
favorable recommendations, and are now upon
the Calendar. I submit that simple justice to
them requires that their claims should be consid-
ered and finally acted on by this House before it
shall adjourn.
Mr. BRANCH. I must object to debate,
Mr. SHERMAN, I withdraw the motion to
adjourn ove-r.
Mr. BRANCH. X move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion;
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House be
discharged from the further consideration of the bills from
the Coiiit of Claims which have been passed by the Sen-
ate, and the same be now considered in the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object-;
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 move that the rules bo
suspended for the purpose indicated.
Mr. WALTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walton
and Maynard were appointed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make a point of order on
the resolution, and it is this; that under the rules
of the House the gentleman from North Caro-
lina cannot, by a single motion to suspend the
rules, bring a whole class of cases before the
House. There must, I insist, be a motion to sus-
pend in cach individual case.
Mr. WINSLOW. My recollection is that my
resolution is sustained by the practice of the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that the gentleman
is mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
point of order is well taken.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the resolution
open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not before the House.
The motion is to suspend the rules, in order that
the resolution may come in.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to
amend the resolution, so that it would provide
that the entire business of the House shall be
taken up regularly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules. *
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and it was disagreed to; the tol-
lers having reported—ayes sixty-eight, noes not
counted, (two-thirds not voting in favor thereof.)
BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr.DAVIS, of Indiana. Imove that the Com-
mittee of the Whole House be discharged from
the further consideration of Senate bill No. 199,
to authorize the location of certain warrants for
bounty lands heretofore issued. I will explain
the bill in a few moments. Under the act of 1842
a great number of bounty land warrants were is-
sued. The time for locating them was fixed by
that act. That time has expired, leaving some
two hundred land warrants outstanding. Some
have been located; but the time having expired,
patents cannot be obtained. Some have never
been located. The billonlyextendsthe time three
years, to allow those warrants to be located ac-
cording to law. It passed the Senate unanimously.
There was no objection; and the Committee of
the Whole House was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill.
The bill was road. It provides that warrants
for bounty lands heretofore issued under the au-
thority of the.act entitled " An act to providefor
