348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
Morels, Morse, "Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Pendleton, Penning-
ton, Perry „ Pottit, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Piyor,Rea-
gan, Rice, Riggs, Christophei Robinson, Jloyce, Schwartz,
Scrsinton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevens, W illiam Stewart, Stokes, Stout,Stratton,
Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, VaHancUg-
hara, Vandever, verreo, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn. EHihu C. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—-133.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FOSTER, when hif? name was called, said:
I wish to pay the mail contractors. I vote " no."
Mv*. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, when his name
was called, said: I shall vote " no'5 because my
colleague, [Mr. Dimmick,] if he is away upon his
own volition is away upon his own risk, and if
he desired a pair he would naturally have ad-
dressed himself to one of his colleagues. I am
not aware that he has asked any of his colleagues
upon the Pennsylvania delegation topairwith him.
Therefore I vote against this dilatory motion.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
winslow that the House procecd to vote viva voce
for Speaker, and being put, it was agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I nominate Clement L.
VAlLAXPfGUAM.
The CLERK appointed Mr BAitKSDALEoneof
the tellers, in place of Mr. Houston, who declined
to serve.
Mr. GRAHAM stated that as Mr. McKean,
who had been paired off with Mr. Kunkke, was
present, he would himself pair with Mr. Kunkel
for this day.
twenty-sixth ballot for speaker.
The House proceeded to a twenty-sixth ballot
for Speaker, with the following result! Whole
number of votes cast, 213; necessary to a choice,
107; of which—
Mr. Sherman received 104
Mr. Vallandigham   60
Mr. Gilmer  17
Mr. Horace F Clark  4
Mr. John G. Davis  3
Mr. McClernand,...,   2
Mr. McQueen  2
Mr. Bocock .  0
Mi. Nelson  2
Mr. fiotclci    2
Mr. ILiuhlnnn  3
A1r. William NT- II. Smith  1
Mr. Ethcndge  1
Mr. Thomn>    1
Mi. Lartabee  J
Mi. Houston  1
So there was no choicc.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich,
Alley, ftabbitt, (teak*, Bingfnim, Blau, Blake, Br<u ton,
Buflmton, Ruilingame, Burnliam, Bnmmghs, Butterfteid,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Oa<e, Colfax, Conkiing, Coiwin,
Covodc, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgonon, Edwauh,
Eliot, Ely, Funisworth, Teuton, Foriy," Fo,-tor, Fiank',
French, Gooch,Gio\v,Gurley> Hale,Hall, Ilelmick, Hick-
man, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Junlun, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kcnyon, Kilgoie, Killingcr,I)c-
WittO Loach, Lee. Longm-cker. Loom is, Lovejov, Mars-
ton, McKran, McKuight, McPJiereon, Millwaul. Morrill,
Edward Joy Morns. I\lor-e, Nixon, Olm, Palnuu, Penning
ton, Pcny,P< ttit, Porter, Potter, Rice, Chri-tophci Robin-
son, llovce, Schwartz, Seranton.Sodgwick.Sonies, Hpauld-
ing, Spjnnei, Stanton, Stevens,William Stewart, Slratton,
Tappan, Thayer, Thcakei, Tompkujn, Tiain, Vandcvet,
Veiroe, Wade, Waldion, Walton. Cadwalador C. Wash-
burn, EllihuB. Washburne, Isiael'Washburn, Wells, Wil-
ton, Wmdom, Wood, and Woodruff.
For Mr. Vallandigham—Mc«sra. Allen, Thomas L. An-
dei&on, Avery, Barksdale, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham,
Bovce. Branch, Burch, Burnett, John 15. Clark, Clopton,
Cobb, jlohn Cochrane, Cooper, Cox. James Craig, Button,
Craig'e, Davidson, De Jarnotte, Dimmick, English, Ed-
mujidson, Florence, Garnett, Gartrell, Hamilton, John T.
Harris, Hawkins, Hmdman, Houston, Howard, Hughes,
Ja<'k?on, Keitt,Lamar, Landrum, Larrabee, Leake, Logan,
Lovo, Marlay, Charles D. Mai tin, McClernand, McQueen,
MeUae, Miles, Million, Sydenham Moore, Niblack, Noell,
Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Reagan, Ru*t, Scott, Sickle.-,
Simim, Singleton, William Smith, James A. Stewart,
Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Wluteley, and Wms-
iow.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. Green Adam?, William C. An-
derson, Brabson, Briggs, Bristow, H. Winter Davis, Ether-
ldge, J. Morrison Uains, flatton, Hill, James M. Leach,
Majnard, Nelson, Q.uarles, William N. H. Smith, Stokes,
and Webster
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Messrs. Adrain, John G.
DavH, Isaac N. Morris, and Riggs.
For Mr. Joint G. JQavti—Messrs. Houice F. Clark,
riboit S. Martin, and Montgomery. #
For Mr. McClcrnand—Messis. Fouke and Holrrfan.
For Mr. McQuccn—Messrs. Crawford and Pugh.
For Mr. Boeock—Miosis. Reuben Davis and Ruffin.
For Mr. Bolder—Messrs. Hardeman and Vance.
For Mr. Nelson—MciSio. Mallory and Labau T. Moore.
For Mr. Kthcnd^e—Mi. Gilmer.
For Mr Thomas,—Mr Phelps.
For Mr. Hardeman—Mr- Boteler.
For Mr. William N. H. Smith—Mr. Bouligny.
For Mr. Larrabee—Mr. James C. llobinson.
For Mr. Houston—Mr. Vallandigham.
During the preceding vote,
Mr. McCLERNAND, when his name was
called, said: Yesterday, the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. ENrL&H] presented my name for the
Speakership. I will say now, as I said on a
previous occasion, that I do not desire my name
to be used in connection with the Speakership.
I vote for Mr. Vallandighaw, and I hope that
gentlemen upon this side of the House who agree
with me will concentrate their votes on him.
Mr. POTTER, when his name was called, said:
The impression is very strong on my mind that
Mr. Vallandigiiam is somewhat mixed up with
the John Brown affair, and I cannot vote for him.
[Great laughter.] I vote for John Sherman.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, when his name was
called, said: I would like very much to vote for
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Potter,]
but as he is a living contradiction to the dictum of
Shakspeare, that when the brains were out the
man would die, I shall vote for George S. Hous-
ton, of Alabama. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, when his name was
called, said: As Colonel McCi.ernand docs not
wish to be voted for, I change my vote from him
to Mr. Vallandigham.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I voted for Mr.
McClernand, and for the same reason I now
change my vote, and vote for Mr. Vallandigham.
Mr. ENGLISH. I presented the name of Mr.
McClernand yesterday, of course without any
consultation with him, and as he does not desire
the use of his name, and for the purpose of con-
centrating the vote, I change my vote, and vote
for Mr. Vallandigham.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. WHNTSLOW said: 1 move that the House
proceed to another ballot for Speaker; and I hope
that, if it results in no election, the House will
then adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I put in nomi-
nation Mr. I3ocock, and I mean to let that nomi-
nation stand.
Mr. RUST stated that he hod paired off until
to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, with Mr. Wood.
TWENTY-SEVENTH BALLOT FOR SPEAK13U.
The Houso proceeded to a twenty-seventh ballot
for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 211; necessary to a choicc,
10(i; of winch—
Mr. Sheiman received 103
Mr. I>oco<*k      OS
Mi. (Jilnier   \. 0
Mr. McClci\ and   D
Mr. Nelson  8
Mr John <J.   6
Mr. Maclay  3
Mr. Vnlluiuhgham  2
Mt. Botelei .7 
Mi UoiaeeF.Ci.uk  2
Mi.Coopn    1
Mi. Cox  J
Mr. Fthoi  1
Mr. ilamdton  1
Mr. Wniflow  1
Mi. Thomas    1
Mr. McQ.ueen      1
Mr. Larrabcc  1
Mi. Peyton    1
Mr. Phelps  1
Mr. Taylor  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adam-!, Aldrieh,
Alley, Babbitt, Bealr, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton,
Bulhnton, UuiUngame, Burnham, iUirioitgli>? Butterfieid,
Campbell, C.uey, Caitei, Ca-.e, Coliax, CnnUhng, Corwin,
Covode. Dawc-i, Delano. Duell, Dunn,Edgeifon. Edwaids,
Eliot, Elv, Farns-woith, Fenton, Feiry, Foster, Ftank,
French, Gooeh, Glow, Gin Icy, Hale, Hall, Hchmck. Hick-
man, Hoard, Humphrey, Ilutchins, Junkm, Fianeis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kcnyon, Kilgoie, Killingci,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneek'T, LoomiN Loveioy,
Marston, MeKean, MeKnight, McPhei>on, Millwaid, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Mot us, Mon-e, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer, Pen-
nington, Periy, Pettit, Porter, Pottei, Rice, Clni^topher
Robinson, Roycc, Sehwaitz, Seianton, Sedgwick, Some^,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins. Ttain,
Vandever, Veiree, Wade, Waldion, Walton, C.uhvaladcr
C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wa^hbuiue, Israel Washbnm,
WelN, Wilson, Wmdom, and Woorhuff.
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs Thomas L. Amiepon. Avery,
Barksdale, Barrett, Bonham, Botcler, Boyee, Bjanch,
Burch, Burnett, John B.Clark,Clopton. Cobb. Cooper,Bur-
ton Craige,Crawford, Davidson, lleubcn Davis, De Jarnette,
Edmundson, Ganiett, Gartiell, Hardeman, John T. Harris,
Hawkins, Hindman, Houston, Hugiies, Jackson, Keitt,
Lamar, Landrum, Janice M. Leach, Love, Maclaj', Mc-
Uueen, Miles, Sydenham Moore, Niblack, Nocll, Peyton,
Pryor, Reagan, Iluffin, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton,
William Smith. William N. H. Smith, Thomas, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Vance, Whiteley, and Winslow.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. Brabson, Bristow, H. Winter
Davis, Etheridge, J. Morrison Harris, Hatton, Nelson,
Quarles, and Stokes.
For Mr. McClernand—Messrs. Allen, Cox, Fouke, Hoi-
inan, Howard, Leake, Logan, Charles 1>. Martin, and Pen-
dleton.
For Mr. Kelson—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. An-
derson, Brjggs, Hill, Mallory, Maynard, L'aban T. Moore,
and Webster.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Messrs. Horace F. Clark, James
Craig, Elbert S. Martin, Montgomery, Biggs, and Taylor.
For Mr. Maclay—Messrs. Dimmick, Florence, and Mc-
Rae.
For Mr. Vallandigham—Messrs. Bocock and Millson.
For Mr. Botcler—Messrs. Bouligny and Hamilton.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Messrs, Adrain and John G.
Davis.
For Mr. Cooper—Mr. John Cochrane.
For Mr. Cox—Mr. English.
For Mr. Etheridge—Mr. Gilmer.
• For Mr• Hamilton—Mr. Larrabee.
For Mr. fVinslow—Mr. McClernand.
For Mr. Thomas—Mr. Phelps.
for Mr. Mc Queen—Mr. Pugh.
' For Mr. Larrabee—Mr. James C. Robinson.
For Mr- Peyton—Mr- James A. Stewart.
For Mr Plielps—Mr. Stout.
For Mr. Taylor—Mr. Isaac N. Morris.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE obtained the floor,
but yielded it to
Mr. MILES, who said: I wish to make a prop-
osition to the House in a very few words, and I
shall only occupy a few minutes. It is perfectly
obvious, I suppose, to every gentleman of the
House that there is not the remotest probability
of our organizing for an indefinite time to come.
I do not suppose that there are ten men in the
House who believe that we are one jot nearer a
solution of our present difficulties to-uay than we
were on the first day that we assembled in this
Hall. Now, how long is this thing; to go on?
Some gentlemen, in perfect good faith, I believe,
and conscientiously, urge upon us that we should
adopt the plurality rule. I do not intend to go into
any discussion of that question, bccausc I wish to
bo brief, and intend to bo practical. There are
many of us who, whether rightly or wrongly, but
as conscientiously, believe that the plan proposed
by these gentlemen is unconstitutional in spirit,
and we cannot consistently vote for it to the end
of time. I, for one, would never, under any cir-
cumstances, vote for the adoption of the plurality
rule, snnply because the Constitution says that
'' the House5' shall proceed to elect a Speaker; an d,
as I understand it—and that, I think, is the com-
mon-sense interpretation—" the House" means a
majority of the members assembled.
Now, sir, there are three parties here that are
opposedto the Republican party. The Democrats
and the Republicans have long been opposed.
They constitute the two great parties of the coun-
try. The southern Opposition, for the first time,
have got any considerable force upon the floor
of this House; they number about twenty-three
votes. The anti-Lecompton Democrats are a
mere handful m numbers. I have no doubt that
they includc among them thoroughly conscien-
tious men. I differed with them in toto os to their
action, but I am willing to conccde until the con-
trary be shown that every man acts from a consci-
entious conviction of duty and of what is right.
It is natural to suppose that others arc influenced
by the motives that influence us, and I hope I
would be the last man to impute unworthy mo-
tives to any one. But there is no need to discuss
past issues. Here aic three organizations—if we
can dignify the anti-Lecompton men by calling
them an organization—and it seems to mc, with
ail due dofcroncc, that they are both disorganized
and disorganizes; but here we will say are three
parties or organizations, all of them professing
to be equally opposed to the doctrines of the
Republican party 
Mr. ADRAIN. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question. I am an anti-Lecompton Democrat,
but 1 do not believe that the live of us who are
acting here are disorganizing the House. I should
like the gentleman to show how we could possi-
bly have organized the House, unless we had
voted for Mr. Sherman ? If we had voted for any
other gentleman who has been named here—for
Mr. Bocock, Mr. Millson, or any of the other
Democrats who have been nominated—our votes
would not have elected, and, therefore, I cannot
see how it is possible that we are disorganizes.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. MILES. One at a time, if you please.
