2312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
still strongly Democratic, unanimously adopted
the following resolutions:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
General Court convened, That, opposed to every form of
oppression, the people of New Hampshire have ever viewed
with deep regret the existence of slavery in this Union; that
while they have steadfastly supported all sections in their
constitutional rights, they have not only lamented its exist-
. ence as a great social evil, but regarded it as fraught with
danger to the peace and welfare of the nation.
" Resolved, That white we respect the rights of the slave-
holding as well as the free portions of this Union—while
we will not willingly consent that wrong be done to any
member of the glorious Confederacy to which we belong,
we are firmly and unalterably opposed to the extension of
slavery over any portion of American soil now free.
" Resolved, That, in our opinion, Congress has the con-
stitutional power to abolish the slave trade and slavery in
the District of Columbia; and that our Senators be in-
structed, and our Representatives be requested, to take all
constitutional measures to accomplish these objects."
The Democratic State committee of New Hamp-
shire, in October, 1847, passed theJfoliowing res-
olution:
" Resolved, That we declarc it our solemn conviction,
as the Democratic party have heretofore done, that neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude should heicafter exist in
any territory which may be acquired by, or annexed to, the
United States; and that we approve ot the votes of our del-
egation in Congress in favor ot the Wilmot proviso." •
In the year 1847, resolutions were passed by
the Legislature of-Rhode Island
"Against the acquisition of territory, by conquest or oth-
erwise, beyond the present limits of the United States, for
the purpose of establishing therein alaveholdmg States,"
By the Legislature of New York:
"That if any territory is hereafter acquired by the Uni-
ted States, or annexed thereto, the act by which such tei-
ritory is acquired or annexed, whatever such act may be,
should contain an unalterable fundamental article or pio-
vision, whereby slavery or involuntary servitude, except as
a punishment for crime, shal I be forever excluded from the
territory acquired or annexed."
By the Legislature of New Jersey:
"That the Senators, &c., be requested to use tlieh best
efforts to secure as a fundamental provision to, or proviso
In, any act of annexation of any territory hereafter to be
acquired by the United States, &c., that slavery or invol-
untary servitude, execpt a<3 a punishment for crime, shall
be forever excluded from the tetritory to be annexed."
By the Legislature of Pennsylvania:
" Against any measure whatever, by which territory will
accrue to the Union, unless as a part of the fundamental
law, upon which any compact or treaty for this purpose is
based, slavery or involuntary servitude, cxeept for crime,
shall be forever excluded."
By the Legislature of Ohio:
" For the passage of measures m that body, [Congress,]
providing for the exclusion of slavery Iroin the territory of
Oregon, and also from any other Terntoiy that now is, or
hereafter may be, annexed to the United States."
By the Legislaturo of Vermont:
"Against the admission into the Federal Union of any
new State whose constitution tolerates slavery."
By tho Legislature of Connecticut:
" That if any territory shall hereafter be acquired by the
United States, or annexed thereto, the act by which such
territory is acquired or annexed^ whatever such act may be,
should contain an unalterable fundamental article or pro-
vision whereby slavery or involuntary servitude, cxeept as
a punishment for crime, shall be forever excluded from the
territory acquired or annexed."
And in 1850 the following:
" Whereas the people of Connecticut have heretofore,
through their Senators and Representatives in General As-
sembly convened, solemnly and deliberately avowed their
purpose to resist, in all constitutional and proper ways, the
extension of slavery into the national Territories, and the
admission of new slave States into the Federal Union ; and
also to seek, in a peaceable and constitutional way, the
abolishmentof the slave trade and of slavery in the District
of Columbia; and whereas theimportantquestion now be-
fore the country touching these mailers makes it desirable
that these convictions and determinations should be reaf-
firmed m the most solemn and public manner: Therefore,
" Resolved, That Congress has lull constitutional power
to prohibit slavery in the Territories of the United States
by legislative enactment, and that it is the duty of Congress
to pass, without unnecessary delay, eueh strict and posi-
tive laws as will effectually shut out slavery from every
portion of these Territories."
By the Legislature of Massachusetts, in 1849:
" Resolved, That Congress has full power to legislate
upon the subject of slavery m the Territories of the Union;
that it ha-? freely exorcised such power from tho adoption
of the Constitution to the present time; and that it is its
duty to exercise tke power for the perpetual exclusion of
the institution from those Territories that are free, and for
tho extinction of the same in Territories where it exists.
"Resolved, That, when Congress furnishes governments
for tho Temtoiies of California and New Mexico, it will
bo its duty to establish therein the fundamental principle
of the ordinance of 1787 upon the subject of slavery, to the
end that the institution maybe perpetually excluded there-
from beyond every chance and uncertainty."
At a State convention of the Democratic party
in Massachusetts, composed of more than six
hundred members, in 1849, the following resolu-
tions, introduced by Hon. B. F. Hallett, then
chairman of the national Democratic committee,
and of the State Democratic committee, were
adopted unanimously, as appears from the Bos-
ton Post, the organ of the party in New England:
" Resolved, That we arc opposed to slavery in every form
and color, and in favor of freedom and free soil wherever
man lives, throughout God's heritage.
" Resolved, That, by common law and common sense, as
well as by the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, (in Prigg us. Pennsylvania, 16 Peters,)' the state of
slavery is a mere municipal regulation, founded upon and
limited to the verge of the territorial law;' that is, the limits
of the State creating it.
" Resolved, therefore, That, as slavery does not exist by
any municipal law in the new Territories, and Congress
has no power to institute it, the local laws of any State
authorizing slavery can never be transported there; nor can
slavery exist there but by a local law of the Territories,
sanctioned by Congress."
This, sir, is pretty good Republican doctrine,
coming from high Democratic authority.
In 1848, the Legislature of Ohio resolved:
"That the provisions of the ordinance of Congress of
1787, so far a1? the same relates to slavery, should be ex-
tended to any territory that may be acquired from Mexico
by treaty or otherwise."
In 1849, Illinois resolved:
"That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and our
Representatives requested, lo use all honorable means in
their power to piocure the enactment of mjoIi laws by Con-
gress for the government of the countile.s and Teriitories
of the United States, acquired by tfie treaty of peace, friend-
ship, limits, and settlement with the Republic of Mexico,
concluded February 2, A. D. 1843, as shall contain the ex-
press declaration 1 that there shall be neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude in said Territories, otherwise than in
the punishment of crimes, whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted.5"
The same year the following was adopted in
Wisconsin:
" That our Senators in Congress be, and they are hereby,
instructed and our Representatives requested : First, to op-
pose the passage of any act for the government of New
Mexico and California, or any other Territory now belong-
ing to the United States, or which may hereafter be ac-
quired, unless it shall contain a provision forever prohibiting
the introduction of slavery or involuntary servitude into
said Territories, except as a punishment for crimes ; sec-
ond, to oppose the admission of any moi e slave States into
the Federal Union."
In 1850, the following was adopted by the
General Assembly of the State of Indiana:
"That our Senators m Congress be instructed, and our
Representatives requested, so to car-t their votes, and ex-
tend then influence, as to have ingrafted upon any law that
maybe parsed for the organization of the territory recently
acquiied lrom Mexico, a provision forevei excluding from
such terntory slavery and involuntary servitude, otherwise
than in the punishment of crimen, whereof the party has
been duly convicted."
By the Legislature of New York:
" Raolred, That the determination mdicated'hy the Gov-
ernors' messages and resolutions ot the Legislatures of va-
rious of the slavcholding States, and by the Representatives
of such States in Congress, to extend domestic slavery over
the territory acquired by the late treaty of peace with the
Republic of Mexico, we feel bound to oppose by all con-
stitutional means ; and recognizing the constitutional power
of Congress to prohibit, by positive enactment, the exten-
sion of slavery into free territory, our Senators in Congress
are hereby instructed, and our Representatives reque&ted,
to use their best efforts to insert such a positive prohibition
into any law they may pass for the government of the ter-
ritories in question."
In 1847, Governor Dana of Maine, a prominent
Democrat, m his message to the Legislature, in
speaking of the right of slaveholders to hold their
slaves in the Territories, said:
" On the other hand, the slave States claim that this ter-
ritory will be acquired, if acquired at all, by the blood and
treasure of all the States of the Union, to become the joint
property of all; to be held for the benefit of all. And they
emphatically ask,' Is it consistent with justice His right
to acquire and possess property is one ofthc iuherentrights
of man, independent ot laws and constitutions. Not so
with the right to his slave; that is an unnatural, an arti-
ficial, a statute right; and when he voluntarily passes with
a slave to a Territory, where the statute recognizing the
right does not exist, then at once the right ceases to exist.
The slave becomes a free man, with jus>t as much right to
claim the master, ad the master to claim the slave."
In 1849, the Democratic party in Maine held a
State convention, at which Hon. John Hubbard
was nominated for Governor. This convention
was composed of six hundred delegates, at which
the following resolution was passed, only one
solitary member voting against it:
"Resolved, That the institution of human slavery is at
vaiiancc with the theory of our Government, abhoirent to
the common sentiment of mankind, and fraught with dan-
ger to all who come within the sphere of its influence; that
the Federal Government possesses adequate power to in-
hibit its existeaee in the Territories of the Union; that the
constitutionality of this power has been settled by judicial
construction, by cotemporaneous expositions, and by re-
peated acts of legislation; and that we enjoin upon our
Senators and Representatives in Congress to make every
exertion, and employ all their influence, to procure the
passage of a law forever excluding slavery from the Terri-
tories of California and New Mexico."
And the Legislature, largely Democratic, passed
the following:
" Resolved, That the sentiment of this State is profound,
sincere, and almost universal, that the influence of slavery
upon productive energy is like the blight of mildew; that it
is a moral and social evil; that it does violence to the rights
of man, as a thinktng, reasonable, and responsible being.
Influenced by such considerations, this State will oppose
the introduction of slavery into any territory which may be
acquired as an indemnity for claipis upon Mexico."
At a State.convention in Pennsylvania, Colonel
Samuel Black, of Pittsburg, offered the following
resolution, which was adopted unanimously:
" Resolved, That the Democratic party adheres now, as
it ever has done, to the Constitution of the country. Its
letter and spirit they will neither weaken nor destroy; and
they redeclare that slavery is a domestic local institution
of the South, subject to State legislation alone, and with
which the General Government has nothing to do. Where
ever the State law extends its jurisdiction the local in-
stitution can continue to exist. Esteeming it a violation
of State rights to carry it beyond State limits, we deny the
power of any citizen to extend the area of bondage beyond
its present dominion; nor do we consider it a part of the
compromises of the Constitution that slavery should forever
travel with the advancing columns of our territorial prog--
ress."
This same Colonel Black is now Governor of
Nebraska, and recently vetoed a bill which had
been passed by the Legislature prohibiting sla-
very m that Territory. The exact progress of
Democracy in eleven years is here made quite
apparent. The Democratic members of the Le-
gislature of the State of New York, in 1848, in a
series of resolutions, included the following:
"Resolved, Thatwhile the Democracyof New York will
faithfully adhere to ail the compromises of the Constitu-
tion, and maintain all the reserved rights of the States, they
declare—sinceThe crisis has arrived when that question
must be met—their uncompromising hostility to the exten-
sion of slavery in territory now free, which has been or
may be hereafter acquired, by any action of the Govern-
ment of the United States."
Similar resolutions were adopted the same year
atUtica,in which Hon. John Van Burenand Hon.
John Cochrane participated.
At a State convention of the Democratic party
of Ohio, in the year 1848, the following resolution
was adopted:
"Resolved, That the people uf Ohio now, as they have
always done, look upon the institution of slavery as an evil
unfavorable to the full development of our institutions; and
that, entertaining these sentiments, they will feel it to be
their duty to use all the powers consistent with the national
compact, to prevent its increase, to mitigate, and finally
eradicate it."
Want of time, Mr. President, compels me to
omit many similar resolutions of State Legisla-
tures and Democratic conventions; but I wish to
call the attention of the Senate and of the country
to one more Democratic authority in favor of
the prohibition of slavery in the Territories. It
is that of the distinguished and lamented Silas
Wright. In a letter written by him, dated the 15th
of April, 1847, he uses this emphatic language:
" If the question had been propounded to hip at any pe-
riod of my public life, shall the arms or the Union be em-
ployed to conquer, or the money ot ihe Union be used to
puichase territory now constitutionally free, for the purpoge
of planting slavery upon it? I should have answered, no!
And this answer to this question is the Wilmot proviso, as
I undeistand it. I am surprised that any one should suppose
me capable of entertaining any other opinion, or giving any
other answer as to such a proposition."
Mr, President, the Democratic Representatives
from the free States responded with great una-
nimity to the wishes and instructions of' their con-
stituents. Among the distinguished Representa-
tives of the party who voted for the Wilmot
proviso in the war appropriation, and in its appli-
cation to the organization of Oregon Territory,
may be mentioned Hon. R. McClelland, Sena-
tors Fclch and Stuart, of Michigan; Senators
Dix and Dickinson, of New York; Allen of Ohio;
Bright, oflndiana; Douglas and Rreese, of Illinois;
Dodge, ofWisconsin; Brodhead, of Pennsylvania;
Atherton and Noms, of New Hampshire; Brad-
bury andcx-GovernorDunlap, ofMaine; Benton,
of Missouri; and Houston, of Texas. General
Cass expressed his great regret that the hour of
adjournment in 1846 arrived before he could re-
cord his vote in its favor; and in 1847, he made a
speech upon the subject, in which he doubted the
expediency of its adoption at that time, and said:
" It would be quite in season to provide for the govern-
