1368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
lion to its ultimatum, and the non-slaveholder will
unite, heart and hand, in subjugating the Africans,
and if resistance be-made, in extirpating the negro
race; and that is where this question will end, not-
withstanding ail the sympathy and all the philan-
thropy that may be evinced, if the agitation be
carried out successfully to its consummation.
If 1 said anything in the presence or hearing of
anybody on that point, that is what I did say; and
i repeat now, that the id$a of there being any dif-
ference between the feelings of the slaveholders
and non-slaveholders of tlie South on this ques-
tion, is a mistaken one, a false one, as the demon-
strations at Harper's Ferry proved most conclu-
sively. When there was agitation in Tennessee,
in 1856, I saw that the non-slaveholder was the
readiest man to rise up and reduce the negro to
subjugation; and he would join the master in ex-
tirpating, if necessary, this race from existence,
rather than seo them liberated and turned loose
upon the. country, Everything f said on this sub-
ject was to meet the fallacious and absurd idea (hut
the non-slaveholders of the Souih would unite with
the negroes against their masters.
The propriety or the courtesy of taking a por-
tion of u brother Senator's conversation,or pick-
ing up a portion of it overheard and using it, and
referring to him by name in a public speech else-
where, I will not undertake to discuss here. I
leave that to those who think proper to indulge
in that practice.
Mr. CLAIIK. I simply desire to say, Mr.
President, that, if the occasion shall offer by any
proper proceeding in the Senate, I will repeat to
the Senator what I said in my own State; and the
Senator shall then hear what I did say. In the
mean time, ho may rest assured that 1 shall say
nothing even then in disparagement of his State;
and 1 will not dispute but that they raise more
horses, asses, and mule*, than we do.
MKSSAOK FROM THE WH'FE.
A message from the 1 [ouse of Representatives,
by Mr. Korkky, its Clerk, announced (hat the
House had ordered this day the printing of the
following documents:
Memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, for
a mail route from Hudson to Warren, and in re-
gard to the mail route from the village of Boston
to the village of Sehletssmgerville—ordered at one
o'clock and twenty minutes.
Memorial of the Le^isluiure of Iowa, relative
to a mail route from Eddy\ille, via KnowiMe, to
!)es Moines, in thnt Kmt<— ordered at one o 'clock
and thirty minutes.
Mem or Li I of I he Legislative Assembl v of W ash-
in^tou Territory, Hatue to the Tide Flats ad-
jacent to the (own of Olympia—oulered a! one
o'clock and thirty minutes.
Memorial of the Legislature of Washington
Territory, asking the establishment of a poit of
entry at Cascade City—oidered at, one o'clock
and thirteen minutes.
Resol vi s of the Lei; is hit hi e of Ni w f lompshire,
in relation to the establishment of a national bu-
reau of statistics and agiiciiltiuc—ordered at one
o'clock and fourteen mimitts.
ResoKes of the Legislature of the State of New
Hampshire, in leference to weights and meas-
ures—ordered at one o'clock* and lii'ieen minutes.
Memorial of Edward Lamed, on the subject of
the construction of a radi oad to the Pacific ocean—
ordered at one oVlo<k and fiftun minutes.
Results of meteorological ob^ei vat ions com-
municated to the Senate by the (Commissioner of
Patents January 31 , |-v'60—oideredat one o'clock
and eight miaul's.
hills jjKCOMt: h\ws.
The mesMi^e fuisher announced thaf the Pies-
id.mi of the United Sta trs had approved and signed,
on the 24th instant, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 19) to amend an aet enti-
tkd "An act to legulate the carriage of passen-
^ce}* in steamships ami other vessels," approved
March 3, 1855,for the iutu r protection of female
passengeis, and other purposes.
An act (il.R.Xo 3-51) t6 repeal th^ third sec-
tion of ail aetc nhiled ''An act to increase and reg-
ulate the terms of the circuit and district courts
lor tin.' northern district of .Now York," approved
July 7, im
iCXROIXED BILLS SIOXLD.
Themessairefurtln t announced that the Speaker
had signed the io'lowmg enrolled bill and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
An act (H. R. No.216) making appropriations
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Ponca
Indians and with certain bands of Indians in the
State of Oregon and Territory of Washington
for the year ending June 30, 1860; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) for the relief
of the contractors of the Post Office Department.
PAT OF TIIE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. I now call up the bill which
was before the Senate a few moments ago.
Mr. GREEN. There is a resolution on the
table that I offered a few days ago, that I think
can pass in a few moments.
Mr. MALLORY. Is the resolution alluded to
the one m regard to an adjournment?
Mr. GREEN. Yes.
Mr. MALLORY. It cannot be passed this
morning, I am satisfied. I prefer to go on with
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) The Senator from Florida has the
lloor.
Mr. GREEN. If he has the floor, I shall have
to yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 290) to increase and regulate the pay of the
Navy is now before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, in calling
upon the Senate to vote an appropriation for the
increase of the pay of the Navy, I know the im-
portance of the measure, and I am prepared, as a
matter of course, to give explanations as to the
reasons which have induced the Committee on
Naval Allans to make these recommendations. I
will not, however, trouble the Senate with any pro-
longed remarks, but shall be prepared to explain
any item to which Senatorsmayeallmyattention.
I forbear, therefore, ail general commentaries on
the subject, and will proceed to move such amend-
ments to the bill as I think called for; and, first,
let me say that I wish to adopt the first amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fesskndkn] in relation to the pay of dag officers.
I think that, his amendment in that respect is a
good one, and I therefore adopt it in behalf of the
committee, and I ask the clerk at the desk to read
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed thnt the bill has not been read through.
It is proper to have n read through.
The Secretary read (he bill. U provides that
hereafter the annual pay of the officers of the
Navy, on the active list, .shall be as follows:
'Che senior captain, while on duty, $5,650; cap-
tains when commanding squadrons, $5,000; all
other captains on duty at sea, $4,375; captains on
other duty, $3,937.
Commanders on duty at sen, for the first five
years after the date of his commission, $2,825;
ibr the second five years after the date of Ins cora-
mission,^3,ir>(). Every commander on other duty,
for the first live years after the date of his com-
mission, £>2,662; for the second five years after the
date of his commission, $2,825. Every commander
on leave or waiting orders, for the first five years
after the date of his commission, $1,908; for the
second live years after the date of Ins commission,
£2,016; lieutenants commanding at sen, $2,550.
Every lieutenant on duty at sea, $1,500; after
he shall have seen seven years' sea-service in the
IVivy, frl,700; after he shall hav<* seen nine
years' sen-service, #1,900; after he shall have
seen eleven yeais' sea-serv ice, *>2,100; after he
shall havi seen thirteen years "sea-service, $2,250.
Every lieutenant on other duly, $1,500; after he
shall have seen seven years5 sea-service m the
Navy, £1,600: after he shall have seen nine
years' sea-service, §1,700; after he shall have
seen eleven years' sea-service, $1,800; after he
shall have seen thirteen years' sea-service, £1,875. j
Every lieutenant oil leave or waiting orders,
•£1,200; after he shall have seen seven years' sea-
seivice in the Navy, $1,266; after he shall have
seen nine years' sea-service, $1,333; after he shall
have seen eleven years' sea-service, £1,400; after
he shall have seen thirteen years' sea-service,
$1,450.
Chaplains to be paid as lieutenants
Every master in the lino of promotion, when
on duty as such at sea, §1,200; when on other
duty, $1,100; when on leave or waiting orders,
$825.
Every passed midshipman, when on duty as
such at sea, $850; when an other duty, $800; when
on leave or waiting orders, $650.
Every surgeon on duty at sea, for the first five
years after the date of his commission, $1,666; for
the second five years after the date of his commis-
sion , $2,000; for the third five years after the date
of his commission, $2,333; for the fourth five years
after the date of his commission, |2,666; for twen-
ty years and upwards after the aate of his com-
mission,^, 000. Every surgeon on other duty, for
the first five years after the date of his commis-
sion , $1,562; for the second five years after the date
of his commission, $1,875; for the third five years
after the date of his commission, $2,178; for the
fourth five years after the date of his commission,
$2,500; for twenty years and upwards after the
date of his commission, $2,812. Every surgeon
on leave or waiting orders, for the first five years
after the date of his commission, $1,250; for the
second five years affcer the date of his commission,
$1,500; for the third five years after the date of
his commission, $1,750; for the fourth five years
after the date of his commission, $2,000; for twenty
years and upwards after the date of his commis-
sion, $2,250.
Every passed assistant surgeon on duty at sea,
$1,500; when on other duty, $1,437; when on leave
or waiting orders, $1,062.
* Every assistant surgeon on duty at sea, $1,187;
when on other duty, $1,087; when on leave or
waiting orders, $S12.
Every purser on duty at sea, for the first five
years after the date of Ins commission, $2,000;
for the second five years after the date of his com-
mission, $2,100; for the third five years after the
date of his commission, $2,600; for the fourth five
y< ars after the date of his commission, $2,900;
for twenty years and upwards after the date of
his commission, $3,100. Every purser on other
duty, for the first five years after the date of his
commission, $1,800; for the second five years after
the date of his commission, $2,100; for the third
five years after the date of his commission, $2,400;
for the fourth five years after the date of his com-
mission, $2,600; for twenty years and upwards
after the date of lus commission, $2,800. Every
purser on leave or waiting orders, for the first five
years after the date of his commission, $1,250;
for the second five years after the date of his com-
mission, $1,500; for the third five years after the
date of his commission, $1,750; for the fourth five
years after the date of his commission, $2,000;
for twenty years and upwards after the date of
his commission, $2,250.
Every professor of mathematics on duty, $1,800;
when on leave or waiting orders, $960; but no
appointments to this grade are to be made to fill
vacancies.
Every chief engineer on duty at sea, for the first
five years after the date of his commission, $1,750;
for the second five years after the date of his com-
mission, $2,000; for the third five years after the
date ofhis commission, $2,250; for the fourth five
years after the date of his commission, $2,500; for
twenty years and upwards after the date of his
commission, $2,750. Every chief engineer on
other duty, for the first five years after the date of
his commission, $1,625; for the second five years
after the date of his commission, $1,750; for the
thud five years after the date of his commission,
$1,875; for the fourth five years after the date of
lus commission, $2,000; for twenty years and
upwards after the date of his commission, $2,125.
Every chief engiueei on leave or waiting orders,
for the fust five yeais after the date of his com-
mission, $1,200; for the second five years after
the date of jus commission, $1,350; for the third
five yeais after the date of lus commission, $1,500;
for the fourth five years after the date of his com-
mission, $1,650; for twenty years and upwards
after the date ofhis commission, $1,800. Every first
assistant engineer on duty at sea, $1,250; while
on other duty, $1,125; while on leave or waiting
orders, $1,000. Every second assistant engineer
on duty at sea, $1,000; while on oilier duty, $900;
while on luaveorwaitingorders,$750. Every third
assistant engineer on duty at sea, $750; while on
other duty, $675; while on leave or waiting orders,
$600, but the several grades of the engineer corps
are not to be increased.
Every boatswain, gunner, carpenter, and sail-
