1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2813
ment of territory not yet acquired from foreign countries
after we shall have obtained it.''
With the aid of these timid counsels, and the
patronage and influence of the Administration,
the slave power gained a temporary advantage by
the postponement of the measure, and time to
concoct newschemesto defeat it. The presidential
•election of 1848 was approaching. It was well
known that several northern Democratic politi-
cians were aspirants for the nomination at Balti-
more; and among* the most prominent were Gen-
eral Cass, of Michigan, and Mr. Buchanan, of
Pennsylvania. The plan adopted was to make
an onset upon them; to prescribe a new test as
the condition of giving them southern support, by
which their ambitious hopes would ail be smoth-
ered, unless they changed their opinions. They
undertook to debauch our public men, and with
the glittering prize of the Presidency before their
<eves, they demanded a surrender of their princi-
ples, consent to the expansion of slavery, and
submission to the behests of this tyrannical power.
As the State conventions in Alabama, Virginia,
Florida, and Georgia, met to elect Relegates to the
Baltimore convention, they passed resolutions
that, " under no political necessity whatever,"
would they give their support to the nominee of
the converftion, unless he renounced the heresy
that Congress could prohibit the introduction of
slavery into the Territories. The State conven-
tion in Georgia met on the 22d of December, and
1 the following:
" Resolved, That the Democratic party of Georgia will sup-
port no man for the office of President ot Vice President,
who shall not have cleai ly and unequivocally declared their
opposition to the principles of the Wilmot proviso.
" Resolved, That it is the constitutional right of every
citizen to remove and settle with his property into any of
the Territories of the United States."
This adroit and well-managed schcmc was sue-
-cesdul. General Cass could not doubt that "a
great change was going on in the public mind,"
as he admitted there had been in his own; and on
the 31st of December, 1847, the Nicholson letter
was published in the Union newspaper. The
Senator from Mississippi says that it was shown
about for several days among the southern mem-
bers for their approval. It is also due to truth
for me to say that it was read to the Michigan
delegation in Congress at that time, and that they
unanimously disapproved both of its principles
and of the policy of promulgating it. I am sorry
to be obliged to add, that their worst fears were
realized.
The Nicholson letter denied the power of Con-
gress to prohibit slavery in the Territories, and
claimed a right for the people of the Territories
to regulate tliat and all other internal matters. 1
will not stop to discuss the doctrine, which, al-
though acquiesced m at the time, is now so un-
satisfactory to the propagandists of slavery; but
2 beg leave to quote one single southern author-
ity against it. it is that of the celebrated John
Randolph.
In the year 1S03, a petition was presented to
Congress, signed by General Harrison, Governor
of the Territory of Indiana, which set forth that
he had been requested to call a convention for the
purpose of taking the sense of the whole people
upon the subject of suspending, for the period of
ten years, the operation of the sixth article of the
ordinance which prohibited slavery; that such
convention had met and united in the petition,
which declared that more than nine tenths of the
inhabitants were of opinion that the enforcement
of the said article was prejudicial to their inter-
ests. This memorial was referred to a committee,
a majority of whom were southern men, and at
the head of which was the distinguished Virgin-
ian. On the 2d of March, of the same year, Mr.
Randolph reported against the prayer of the peti-
tion, and, among other things, said:
u The committee «fieem it highly dangerous and inexpe-
dient to impair a provision wisely calculated to promote
the happiness and prosperity of the northwestern country,
and to give strength and security to that extensive frontier.
In the salutary operation of this sagacious and benevolent
restraint, it is believed that the inhabitants of Indiana will,
at no distant day, find ample remuneration for a temporary
privation oflabor and emigration."
Sir, the great State of Indiana, with her million
and a half of people, and with all the privileges
and glory of free institutions, is a witness to-day
of the truth of the prediction. What is now the
State of Michigan was then included in the Ter-
ritory of Indiana; and the people of both of those
States will ever hold in grateful remembrance the
efforts of the noble southerner, against" squatter
sovereignty,"to preservetinimpaired the provis-
ion which dedicated that Territory to free men
and free labor.
It may also be proper to say, that the question
of suffrage and eligibility to office in the Terri-
tories has uniformly and invariably been determ-
ined by Congress, and that General Cass has
since voted for territorial organizations in which
those rights were prescribed and defined by Con-
gress. Is slavery of higher moment or more sa-
cred than the right of suffrage and the eligibility
to office? If Congress can determine the one, it
surely has the power to arrest the desolating
march of the other.
The abandonment of the doctrine so dearly
cherished by Jefferson, and which had secured
freedom in the great States of the Northwest,
brought defeat to General Cass and the Demo-
cratic party in 1848, but it installed the slave
power in complete control. The northern section
had been caugntin the web, and they could not re-
lieve themselves from the thralldom. At first they
undertook to quiet the conscience of the people,
by the assertion that slavery was the creature of
local and positive law, and that it could not ob-
tain a foothold in the Territories until it was
there lawfully established; and General Cass, in
a speech in his own State, said:
" Slavery is the creature of local law, and can claim
neither protection, existence, nor recognition in the Con-
stitution. Slavery does not and cannot exist m Kansas
while it remains a Territory. The Constitution neither
protects nor recognizes slavery in the Territories."
Hon. Henry Clay offered the following resolu-
tion in the Senate, on the 29th January, 1850:
"Resolved, That as slavery does not exist by law,and is
not introduced into the territory acquired by the United
States from the Republic of Mexico, it is inexpedient for
Congress to provide by Jaw cithei for its introduction into,
or its exclusion from, any part of the said territory," &c.
In commending this proposition to the Senate,
Mr. Clay said:
"This resolution, sir, proposes, in the first instance, a
declaration of two truths—one of law, and the other of fact.
The truth of law which it declares is, that there does not
exist, at this time, slavery in any portion of the territory
acquired by the United States from Mexico. When I say,
sir, that it is a truth, I speak my own solemn and dchbeiate
conviction."
Hon. Greene C. Bronson, a distinguished law-
Jer and jurist of New York, in a letter to Hon.
ohn Cochrane, in 1848, then a distinguished
Free-Soiler of New York, said:
" Slavery cannot exist where there is no positive law to
uphold it. It is not necessary that it should be forbidden ;
it is enough that it is not specially authorized. Jf the
owner of slaves removes with, or sends them into, any
country, State, or Territory, where slavery does not exist
by law, they will from that moment become freemen, and
will have as good a right to command the master as he will
have to command them. State laws have no extra author-
ity ; and a law of Virginia which makes a man a *lave there,
cannot make him a slave in New York, nor beyond the
Rocky Mountains."
Hon. Edward Bates, a distinguished lawyer of
Missouri, recently declared he did "not believe
that the Constitution, by its proper vigor, carries
slavery into all the Territories that may be ac-
quired by the United States. He believes that
freedom is the rule and slavery the exception.
He does not believe that slavery can exist in any
territory acquired by the United States, except
by a positive law of Congress."
The Detroit Free Press, which is the organ of
the Administration, and of the party, in Michi-
gan, said:
" Slavery cannot go to Kansas or Nebraska, for the all-
sufficient reason that there is no law there permitting it.
it is a perfectly well-established legal proposition, that sla-
very if the creature of local law, and that it can nowhere
exist except by the force of law."
Democratic authority could be multiplied ad
infinitum to prove the truth of this position, but
the above must suffice. This short-lived doctrine
has already been displaced; and the acceptcd the-
ory now is, that slavery exists in the Territories
by virtue of the Constitution.
But, Mr. President, the fatal step had been taken
in the surrender of a high principle. Hencefor-
ward the northern Democracy were reduced to a
state of vassalage. When the fugitive slave law
was passed they avowed their readiness to do the
" dirty work " imposed by their southern mas-
ters. If they evinced the slightest disposition to
rebel, a threat to dissolve the Union at once re-
duced them to submission. At last, when-their
subjection was deemed complete, the abrogation
of that sacred and time-honored Missouri com-
promise was demanded.
If a prophet had appeared to the honorable
Senator from Illinois in 1845, when, at Spring-
field, the capital of his adopted State, he uttered
the following beautiful apostrophe to the Mis-
souri compromise, he might have said, with Ha-
zael of old: "But what! is thy servant a dog, that
he should do this great thing?"
"The Missouri compromise has been in practical oper-
ation for about a quarter of a century, and received the
sanction and approbation of men of all parties in every sec-
tion of the Union. It had allayed all sectional jealousies
and irritations growing: out of the vexed question, and
harmonized and tranquillized the whole country. It had
an origin akin to the Constitution, conceived in the same
spirit of affection, and calculated to remove forever the
only danger which seems to threaten to sever the Union.
All the evidences of public opinion seemed to indicate that
this compromise had been canonized in the hearts of the
American people as a sacred thing, which no ruthless haad
would ever be reckless enough to disturb."
In a spcech in the United States Senate, deliv-
ered in 1845, Mr. Buchanan said;
"The resolutions went to reestablish the Missouri com-
promise, by fixing a line within which slavery was to be lor-
ever confined. That controversy—the Missouri question—
had neaily shaken this Union to its center in an earlier and
better period of our history; but this compromise, should It
now be reestablished, would prevent the recurrence of
similar dangers hereafter. Should this question be now left
open for one or two years, the country would be involved
in one continued struggle. We should witness a feverish
excitement in the public mind. Parties would divide on
the dangerous and exciting question of abolition, and the
irritation would reach such an extreme as to endanger
the existence of the Union itself; but clos<* it now and it
would be closed forever. Was it desirable again to have
the Missouri question brought home to the people to goad
them to fury? That great question between the two great
h>terestb in our country had been well discussed and de-
cided in the Missouri compromise, and from that moment
he had sat down his foot on the solid ground then estab-
lished, and there he would let the question stand forever.
Who could complain of the terms of that compromise ?"
In a letter ofMr. James Buchanan,dated Wash-
ington, August 25, 1847, directed to a Harvest
Home of the Democracy of Berks county, Penn-
sylvania, I find this language:
"Aftei Louisiana wa* acquired from France, by Mr. Jef-
ferson, ciud when the State of Missouri, which constituted
a part of it, was* about to be admitted into the Union, the
Missouri question arose, and, m its progress, threatened the
dissolution of the Union. This was settled by the men of
the last generation, as other important and dangerous ques-
tions have been settled, in a spirit of mutual concession.
Under the Missouri compromise, slavery was 'forever pro-
hibited' north of 36* 30'; and south of this parallel, the
question was left to be decided by the people. Congress,
in the admission of Texas, following in the footsteps of
their predecessors, adopted the same ruJe; and, in my opin-
ion, the harmony of the States, and even the security of
the Union itself, require that the line of the Missouri com-
promise should he extended to any new territory winch we
may acquire fiorn Mexico."
Again, in the same letter, he says:
Such has been my individual opinion, openly and
freely expressed, ever since the commencement of the
present unfortunate agitation; and, of all places in the
world, I prefer to put them on record before the incorrupt-
ible Demociaey ot old Berks. I therefore beg leave to
olfer you the following sentiment:
" The Missouri compromise : its adoption, in 1820, saved
the Union from threatened convulsion. Its extension, in
1848, to any new territory which we may acquire, will
secure the like happy results."
The ostensible reason for the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise was its alleged unconstitution-
ality. To this it may be said that, in 1820, it
received the sanction of an able Congress, and
was approved by Mr. Monroe and all his Cabinet—
a majority, as usual, being composed of southern,
men; that the provision excluding slavery north of
the line of 36° 30' was reenacted in the resolutions
annexing Texas in 1845, and approved by Mr.
Tyler and all his southern Cabinet; that, upon the
bill for the organization of theTerritory of Oregon,
in 1848, it was proposed as an amendment by the
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
and voted for by the following Senators: Messrs.
Atchison, Benton, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Davis, Dickinson,
Douglas, Downs, Fitzgerald, Foote, Hannegan,
Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, King,
Lewis, Mangum, Mason,Metcalf,Pierce, Sebas-
tiar, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, and Under-
wood—nearly all Democrats and southern men.
In the House of Representatives it received
