1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1380
maker, on duty at sea, for the first five years' sea-
service after the date of his warrant, $1,000; for the
second five years' sea-service after the date of his
warrant, |1,150; for the third five years after the
date of his warrant, $1,250; for the fourth five
years after the date of his warrant, §1,350; for
twenty years atfd upwards, §1,450. When on
other duty, for the first five years of sea-service
after the date of warrant, $800; for the second five
^years' sea-service after the date of his warrant,
§900; for the third five years' sea-service after
the dateofhis warrant, $1,000; for the fourth five
years' sea-service after the date of his warrant,
$l,100;fortwenty years' sea-serviceandupwards,
§1,200. When on leave or waiting orders, for
the first five years'sea-service after the date of his
warrant, $600; for the second five years' sea-ser-
vice after the date of his warrant, $700; for the
third five years' sea-service after the date of his
warrant, §800; for the fourth five years' sea-ser-
vice after the dateofhis warrant, $900; fortwenty
years and upwards, $1,000.
This bill is not to be so construed as to increase
or modify the pay of chiefs of bureaus in the Navy
Department, or the Superintendent of the Naval
Observatory; and hereafter no service is to be re-
gal ded as sea-service but such as shall be per-
formed at sea under the orders of a Department,
and in vessels employed by authority of law.
This bill is not to modify or affect the existing
power of the Secretary of the Navy to furlough
officers, or to affect the furlough pay.
Mr. MALLORY. I propose, under the head
of captains, m lines seven and eight, to strike out
the words " the senior captain while on duty,
$5,650," and insert:
The senior flag officer, created under and by virtue of an
act of Congress, ftppiovcd March 9, 1859, shall receive
$4,500.
That is in the printed amendment of the Sen-
ator from Mainej and I accept it. I think it is
judicious.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment I offer
is in line fourteen, on the 2d page. It is not pro-
posed by the committee to increase the leave pay
of captains; but, by the reading, it may be sup-
posed it was abolished altogether, and therefore
I propose to put in, " when on leave or waiting
orders, $2,500." That is precisely as it is now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is on
page 4, lines eighty-one and eighty-two, to strike
out " $1,666," and insert " $1,900;" so that the
clause will read:
Every surgeon on duty at sea, for tile first five years after
the date of his commission, $1,900.
This amendment is necessary, from my discov-
ering that the Register does not truthfully set forth
the pay of surgeons, and it is the only grade that
is not truthfully set forth. It there appears that
a surgeon, for the first year after the date of his
commission, receives $1,333; but he, in fact, re-
ceives $1,866, under a clause in an appropriation
bill passed in 1848, which dates his commission
from the first commission he received as assistant
surgeon, so that, in fact, he gets $1,866; and I
propose to increase that thirty-four dollars, giving
him $1,900.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. Porthe same reason, inline
eighty-four, on the same page, it is necessary to
make a similar alteration ,by striking out" $2,000,''
and inserting "$2,200;" so that it will read:
For the second five years after the date of his eommis-
sion, $:2,QOO.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. For the same reason, I offer
another amendment, in line eighty-six, to strike
out « $3,333," and insert "$2,500;" so that it
will read:
For the third five j'ears after the date of his commission,
$2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendmentis 011
page 5, line eighty-eight, to strike out" $2,666,"
and insert " §2,700;" so that it will read:
For the fourth five years after the date of his conimisbion,
$9,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is,
after line ninety, to insert" fleet surgeons, $3,100."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is in
lines ninety-two and ninety-three, to strjke out
"$1,562,"and insert " $1,800;" so that theelause
will read:
Eveiy surgeon on other duty, for the first five years after
the date of his commission, $1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is in
line ninety-five, to strike out " $1,875," and in-
sert " $2,100;" so that the clause will read:
For the second five years after fhc dute of his commis-
sion, $2,100.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is in
line ninety-seven, to strike out " $2,178," and in-
sert " $2,300;" so that the clause will read:
For the third live years after the date of his commission,
$2,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is in
lines one hundred and three and one hundred and
four,to strike out" $1,250,"andinsert" $1,400;"
so that the clause will read:
Every surgeon on leave or waiting orders, for the first
five years alter the date of Ins commission, $1,400.
That is the same as it is now.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendmentis in
line one hundred and six, to strike out "$1,500,"
and insert " $1,600;" so as to make the clause
'read:
For the second five years after the date of his commis-
sion, §1,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is in
line one hundred and eight, to strike out" §1,750,"
and insert " $1,800;" so that it will read:
For the thud five years after the date of his commission,
$1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is in
page 7, lines one hundred and fifty and one hun-
dred and fifty-one, to strike out " $1,250," and
insert<s $l,4d0;" so that the clause will read:
Every pmser on leave or waiting orders, for the first five
>etir& lU'tci tho date uf ins commission, $1,400.
All the amendments as to pursers are to carry
out the original intention of the pay-bill in 1835,
which was to make the pay of the surgeons and
pursers on leave precisely the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendmentis in
line one hundred and fifty-three, to strike out
"$1,500," and insert " $1,600;" so that the clause
will read:
Foi the «econd five years after the date of his commis-
sion, $1,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is in
line one hundred and fifty-five, to strike out
"#1,750, "and insert" $1,800;" so that the clause
will read:
Foi the third five years after the date of his commission,
$1,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is on
page 30, lines two hundred and eighteen and two
hundred and nineteen, to strike out this proviso:
"Provided, That the several grades of the engineer corps
shall not be incieased."
The committee were under the impression at
first that the number of engineers had come up to
the allowance; but the law allows one cngineer-in-
chief for every steam vessel of the Navy. We
have buttwenty-four in the Navy now, and I think
there is a demand for them at present; and Con-
gress should not limit the number, as the grade is
not full.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I propose to offer the amend-
ments in regard to the warrant officers together,
because they arc all on the same principle. Thejr
simply substitute "three years" for " five ycais,
from line two hundred and twenty one, on page
10, down to line two hundred and fifty one,
on page 11, so as to get the increased allowance
for every three years of sea-service. There are
very few warrant officers who would see the term
of twenty years' sea-service in their grade, and
very few of them, therefore, who would ever reach
the pay which the committee intended for them;
as, on looking at their ages, I find the men are
about thirty years of «ge .when they get a war^
rant. 1 propose, therefore, to offer these amend-
ments with reference to warrant officers together.
They are to make that portion of the bill in rela-
tion to them read as follows:  
Warranted Officers Every boatswain, grniaer, car-
penter, and sail-maker, on duty at sea, for tbe first three
years' sea-service after the date of Ins warrant, $1,000! for
the second three years' sea-service after the date of Ills
warrant, $1,150; for the third three years' sea-service after
the date of his warrant, §1,250; for the fourth three-years'
sea-service after the date of his warrant, $1,350; for twelve
years' sea-scrvice and upwards, $1,450.
When on other duty—For the first three years of sea-ser-
vice aftei the date of his warrant, $800; for the second three
years' sea-service after the date of his warrant, §900 ; for
the third three years' sea-seivice after the date of his war-
rant, §1,000; forthe fouith three years' sea-serviee after
the date of his warrant, §1,100; for twelve gears' sea-ser-
vice and upwards, $1,200.
When on leave or u-aitin^ orders—-For the first three
years' sea-service after the date of his warrant, §600; for
the second three years' sea-service after the date of his
warrant, §700; for the thhd three years' sea-serviee after
the date of his warrant, §800; for the fourth three'years'
sea-service after the date of his warrant, §900; for twelve
years' sea-serviee and upwards, §1,000.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is in
section two, page 11, line three, pfter the word
"the," to insert " present;" so that it will read:
That nothing m this act contained shall be so construed
as to increase or modify tile present pay of chiefs of bu-
reaus, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. Now I move to insert the
words "sea-scrvice"—in some instances in copy-
ing the bill they were omitted by mistake—in line
two hundred and twenty-six, after the word
"years," in line two hundred and twenty-eight,
after the word "years," and again in line two
hundred and thirty, and also in line two hundred
and fifty-two. In those lines the words "sea-
service" were omitted by an error in copying. I
move that they be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IklALLORY. On page 2, line sixteen,be-
fore the word " commanders," I move to insert
" every" and to strike out the letter "s "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. Those are all the amend-
ments of the committee.
Mr. RICE. I offer an amendment, on page 11,
in the fourth line of section two, to insert:
Provided. That the officer charged with tho experiments
in gunnery at the navy-yaid, Washington,shall reeeive the
sea-service pay of the giadc next above hiui, as provided
by the act of Match 3,1851.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to under-
stand precisely what this amendment means.
Why should the officer in charge of these experi-
ments in gunnery receive anything more than the
sea-service of his grade ? Wily should he receive
the sea-service pay ? That is the highest rate of
pay of the grade next above him. He is not on
sea-service.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Minne-
sota requests me to make the explanation in con-
sequence of his hoarseness, and I will do so, if
Senators will give me their attention for one mo-
ment. The officer in charge of the gunnery and
experiments in ordnance at the navy-yard, Wash-
ington—Commander Dahlgrcn—received by the
act of March 3,1851, when he was a lieutenant, the
highest sea-service pay of the grade above him;
consequently, instead of receiving the $1,500 a
year, which would be the sea-service pay of his
own grade proper, ho received, in fact, $2,500 a
year. The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Minnesota, is to continue the principle of
tho act of March 3,1851, and still continue to him
the pay of the next highest grade, he having
been promoted to a commander m the mean time,
and now receives simply the pay of a commander,
whereas the act of March 3, 1851, designed to
give him the pay of the grade above him; and this
amendment is to continue that principle. That is
all there is in it.
Perhaps it is justice to Mr. Dahlgren that I
should say, as all the Senators may not be as
familiar with his services to the Navy as I am,
that he is regarded, I believe, by every one in the
Navy, and by the scientific men of the country,
as having done as much to advance the prowess
and character of the Navy as any man in it or out
