1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
satisfying claims for bounty lands for military
services in the late war with Great Britain, and
for oth|r purposes,"approved July 27,1842, and
of the several acts reviving the same, approved
June 26, 1848, and February 8, 1854, may be lo-
cated, in conformity with the general laws in force,
at any time within three years from the date of
this act; and that all entries and locations made
with such warrants since June 26, 1848, shall be
as valid and effectual as if the several acts afore-
said had not then expired.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider belaid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
CHARLES H. JOJtDAN.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 ask leave to introduce a bill
authorizing the issue of a register for the brig
Charles H. Jordan. This brig was found dere-
lict at sea, was carried into a port of the United
States, and libeled and sold.
Mr. WINSLOW. Where was that brig found ?
Mr. ELIOT. She was carried into Province-
town harbor. I cannot tell exactly where she
was found.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. She was a slaver,
of course.
Mr. ELIOT. The purchaser wants to use the
vessel, and he cannot do so uoless we pass this
bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. I am satisfied.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have no doubt
that it is proposed to put this vessel into the hands
of a man who will carry her on another voyage
fornegrocs. [Laughter.] I think she was a slaver.
Mr. ELIOT. The United States sold her.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not wish to
show any favor to a slaver. I move that the bill
be laid upon the table; and on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
upon the table; and it was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM B. SIIUBItlCK.
Mr. KEITT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee on Naval
Affairs from the further consideration of the bill
(S. No. 295) for the relief of William B. Shu-
brick. That bill has the approbation of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. KEITT. I move to suspend the rules.
The motion was agreed to; and the Committee
on Naval Affairs were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of said bill; and it was brought
before the House for action.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to allow to
Captain William B. Shubrick, united States
Navy, in the settlement of his accounts, the sum
of $1,550, being the amount paid by his order,
while in command of the Pacific squadron, to H.
R. de La Reintree, translator and interpreter in
the public service.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. KEITT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM SUTTON.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 6G6) for the relief of William
Sutton.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. KILGORE. I move to suspend the rules.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of William Sut-
ton on the roll of invalid pensioners, and cause
him to be paid the sum of six dollars per month,
to commence from and after the 5th of February,
1858, and to continue during his natural life.
It appears, from the report, that William Sut-
ton wras a private in company A, in the fourth
regiment of Indiana volunteers, in the war with
Mexico; that about August, 1847, while in the
service and in the line of his duty, he was at-
tacked with fever and diarrhea, which continued
him on the sick list until January, 1848, when—
his disease having become chronic, and having
affected his nerves, destroying the sight of one
eye and injuring the other—he was discharged
from service as unfit for duty; that his infirmities
have continued and are incurable, and partially
incapacitate him to earn a livelihood by labor.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STOUT. I hope the gentleman from North
Carolina will not urge his motion to adjourn at
this time. We have but two days longer to dis-
charge our duties as Representatives at this ses-
sion, and there are many important bills not yet
acted upon. I have for days been standing here
and striving to get the floor for the purpose of
moving to allow the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to report the bill for the payment of the Ore-
gon and Washington war debt. The claim is a
just one—has been due for a long time, and I am
not willing, if it is in my power to prevent it, that
this Congress should adjourn without final action
on the bill. It has been in the hands of the com-
mittee during the session,and they have not been
ready to report until within the past few days. I
trust the House will, at least, give us a hearing
now. If you are disposed to reject it, do so after
investigating it, and not refuse action upon so im-
portanta matter. If any one objects, you assume
the responsibility, without a hearing, of depriving
my people of their lust rights.
A few months'delay—that is, a delay to the next
session—will greatly embanass many of my con-
stituents, whose all consists in their interest in
this debt. Interest in our State is from two to
three per cent, per month, and they have already
waited till the interest would have amounted to
more than the original claim. Wc are paid by
the year to stay here as long as we have work to
do, and let us do it. I hope no objection will be
made.
Mr. KILGORE. I have not yielded the floor.
I object.
Mr. STOUT. I want it understood that the
gentleman fiom Indiana objects.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was-not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes ofthe two Houses upon the bill of the House
(No. 339) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1861.
WILLIAM SUTTON AGAIN.
The question recurring on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, it was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and !
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was !
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. KILGORE. I call the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. SmITH, of Virginia. I suppose the gen-
tleman will not object to such an amendment to
that bill as has been usually made to bills of like
character; that is, to make the pension commence
on the 1st day of January, 1860, instead of Feb-
ruary, 1858.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Colfax in
the chair.) It is not in order to amend a bill af-
ter it has been read the third time.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill; and 1 call for tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The previous question was seconded, an$ the
main question was ordered to be put; and un$er
the operation thereof, the.bijl was .passed.
Mr. KILGORE moved to reconsider the rote
by which the bill w$s passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider up,on the tajile.
The latter motion was agreed to. , *
PUBLIC BOOK-FOLDEKS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce a 'reso-
lution. I would say that the resolution has passed
the House in the shape of a clause to etn appro-
priation bill at two different times, but those bills
were defeated. I have examined the matter,and
the resolution ought to pass.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That tlie Clerk of the House of Represented
lives pay to John 1). Ott and to H. J. McLaughlin, out of
the contingent fund of the House, the sum of eaeh>
for and on account of their services as puhlie folders of thp
House of Representatives during the first session of the
Thirty-Second Congress: Provided, That the Clerk shall
deduct from the above mentioned amount all such sums of
money as it shall appear, by the books of his office, have
been paid said Ott and McLaughlin, op account of &aid ser-
vices, during the month of December, 1851, and the months
of January, February, March, April, May, June, July, and
August, 1852.
Mr. ASHMORE. I should think that claim
was barred by the statute of limitation. I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. ALLEN. I would inquire if those folderii
were not employed to fold by the piece? •
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. During ^he Thir-
ty-Second Congress these folders were required to
stay here the whole session. The certificate of
the superintendent shows that the binding work
was rejected by Congress, and yet those folders
were not permitted to leave, though they got no
work to do.
Mr. PHELPS. Why was not this claim pre-
sented to the Committee of Accounts?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. It was presented
and allowed; but the Clerk refused to pay the ac-
count, because there was no money in his hands
with which he could pay it. One of the folders,
who applied very early, got his pay, but the oth-
ers did not. The claim was passed upon an ap-
propriation bill last session three to one, but the
appropriation bill was defeated. The resolution
is right, and ought to pass.
Mr. ALLEN. The passage of this resolution
would be opening the door forthe claiihs of scores
of those men, who have folded by the pjiece merely
for a pretext to come before the House and claim
a per diem compensation. There are hundreds of
them who beseech the Doorkeeperfor permission
to go into the folding-room and fold by the piece,
knowing that there is not sufficient work for them
to do, but with the understanding that they could
come before the Committee of Accounts* and that
if their claim failed there, they would come be-
fore the House and receive per diem compensa-
tion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. This is a claim so
justthateven John Letcher wentforit, [laughter;]
and when he went for it, I think any man may.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended.
JOIIN PURCELL.
Mr. ASHLEY. I have not troubled the House
with any motion, nor occupied its time at all. I
desire, if the House please, to move that the
Committee of the Whole House he discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
101, granting an invalid pension to John Purcell.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of John Purcell on the list of in-
valid pensioners, at the rate of four dollars per
month, and to pay him at that rate from the 8th
of February, 1858, during his natural life.
The rules were suspended; and the House pro-
ceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. GARTRELL moved to amend by striking
out the words "8th day of February,''and in-
serting, in lieu thereof, the words "30th June,
I860."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and bemg engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
LAND ENTKIES IN MISSOURI.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the Committee of
