Tim CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
tlie -"Whole House "be discharged from the further
-consideration* of House biil No. 806, to confirm
certain land entries in the State of Missouri. The
Cofrmiissioijer of the General Land Office recom-
mends that they shall be confirmed, and the Com-
mittee on Public Lands make the same recom-
mendation. It is a very meritorious bill, and
ought to be passed..
The motion was agreed to.
So the Committee of the Whole House was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill,
and the House proceeded to its consideration.
The bill confirms all entries heretofore made
under the graduation act of August 4, 1854, in
township forty-five north, of range nine west,
south of Missouri river, in the district of land sub-
ject,to sale at St. Louis, Missouri; provided, how-
•ever, that the act shall not extend to any entry
of land upon which there was an actual settler
other' than the purchaser at the date of such entry,
and that it shall be first shown to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of the Interior that the entry has
been made in good faith and is founded upon ac-
tual, settlement and cultivation, or is for the use
of an adjoining farm.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORTER, IRVINE, AND PERRY.
Mr. WOODSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the Committee on Military
Affairs be allowed to report a bill referring a claim
of one of my constituents to the Court of Claims.
Permission was granted.
. Mr. STANTON thereupon, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief.of J. & R. H. Porter, J. C. Irvine,& Co.,
q,nd Charles Perry & Co.
Mr. STANTON. X want the House to under-
stand perfectly what it is doing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore* It is not.
Mr. FARNSWORIL Then I object to it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is re-
referred to the Court of Claims by the order of
the House.
Mr. STANTON. The House does not under-
stand what is going on.
Mr. WOODSON. I am afraid there is a mis-
apprehension on the part of the Chair, if not of
the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to all this.
Mr. STANTON. I have the floor, and am
entitled to it, and shall insist upon it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Unless the gentleman
from Ohio has the floor, I insist upon my objec-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Woodson] had unanimous consent to
authorize me to reporta bill from the Committee
on Military Affairs. I now leport it, and move
that it he read a first and second time.
The bill was read a first and second time, it
gives the Court of Claims jurisdiction to hear and
determine the several claims of James & II. H.
Porter against the United States, J. C. Irvine &
Co. against the United States, and Charles Perry
& Co. against the United States, for the property
belonging to said persons and firms respectively,
which they allege wasdepreciated, destroyed, lost,
or abandoned in consequence of the interference
of the military authority of Colonel A. S. John-
ston with them, while m the regular pursuit of
legitimate trade or business; also for extra wages,
expenses, and losses which they aver that they
respectively incurred by reason of such interfer-
ence; and declares that the judgmentof said court
shall bo final between the parties; provided, that
for error or law, either party may, within three
months after the rendition of such judgment, sue
out a writ of error to the Supreme Court of the
United States; and if such court, on the hearing of
such writ of error, shall not reverse the judgment
of the court below, the same shall stand as a final
judgment between the parties. It also directs the
Secretary of State to estimate for the amount of
the judgment, if against the United States, as for a
sum provided for by law; provided, that nothing
in the act contained shall be construed as admit-
ting any liability on the part of the United States
to either of said parties. It also provides that if
the court shall be of opinion that Colonel Johnston
acted in good faith in issuing his order of the 19th
of October, 1857, and in his subsequent acts in
regard to the property of said parties, and that his
acts in the premises were in contravention of the
legal rights of said parties, or either of them, the
United States shall be held responsible for the
damages arising to said parties, or either of them,
from such interference with their legal rights,
without reference to the question whether he may,
have exceeded his authority or not.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. The
gentleman from Missouri asked the consent of
the House to allow the Military Committee to
report a bill to be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. WOODSON. No, sir; I made no such
proposition. My proposition was to allow a bill
to be reported, providing for a reference of the
claim to the Court of Claims.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know the fact. That
is as I understood it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Missouri asked the unanimous consent of
the House to allow the Committee on Military
Affairs to reporta bill, the effect of which would
be to bring a claim of one of his constituents be-
fore the Court of Claims.
Mr. GROW. That is what I understood. My
point of order, then, is, that this bill, instead of
bringing a case before the Court of Claims, is a
new supplementary law for this particular case,
giving the Court of Claims jurisdiction which it
had not before. I am opposed to such special
legislation, conferring power on the Court of
Claims in one particular case and not in others.
Let us have a general law. My point of order
is, that the consent given by the House did not
cover this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. TheChairover-
rules the point of order.
Mr. GkOW. I move to reconsider the vote
by which consent was given.
Mr. PHELPS. The Court of Claims was or-
ganized to consider certain measures to be reported,
and such other measures as might be referred to
them.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
has not the floor to move to reconsider. The
Chair overrules the point of order for this reason:
that, if the Court of Claims had jurisdiction be-
fore, there would be no need of unanimous con-
sent of the Housisto refer this claim to them.
Mr. GROW. My point of order is this: that
this is legislation changing the law organizing the
Court of Claims.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order, for the reason that the law
states that the courU'hall take Jurisdiction of cases
arising under the. law, and of all other cases that
may be refeired to it by Congress.
Mr. STANTON. If it is the pleasure of the
House to listen to me, for a few moments, I will
state the fa< ts of this case.
Mr. FARN SAVORTTI. I objcct.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman cannot help
himself, if he does object. I have a right to
sneak.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair a
question, and I propose to make a point of order
if I am correct in my understanding.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Ohio yield the flooi ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; I do not yield it to
any one.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not ask the gentleman
to yield. I rise to a question of order. 1 desire
to ask the Chair whether this bill does not make
an appropriation of the amount that may be
awaided by the Court of Claims?
Mr. STAiN'TON. No, sir; it docs not.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it does, then the bill must
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; the bill makes no
appropriation. We purposefy avoided that very
thing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House has,
by unanimous consent, waived that lulo.
Mr. HOUSTON. Only to It t the bill come be-
fore the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is the question
before the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On the engross-
ment of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I dfeject. I
want to know if it is in order to engross tho biil
and pass it on the same day.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is; besides
that, the rules have been suspended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The rules have not
been suspended.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By unanimous
consent, the bill was brought before the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Consent was only
given that the gentleman should report the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
ifot argue the question with-the gentleman from
Illinois. The Chair decides that the bill is prop-
erly before the House on its engrossmeat and
third reading.
Mr. STANTON. And I have the floor to
debate the bill. I want to explain this matter
to the House for about five minutes, and then
they will understand it. These gentlemen, Por-
ter & Co. and Irvine & Co., were engaged in the
transportation of goods across the plains, from
Atchison City to Salt Lake City, in 1857, and
while they were in progress, Bngham Young's
rebellion in Utah broke out. Colonel Johnston
overhauled these trains, and issued his order for-
bidding them to proceed to Utah with their goods,
where they designed to find a market for them.
In consequence of that proceeding, as they allege,
they were prevented from taking their goods there,
their cattle perished on the plains, and they claim
compensation.
The Committee on Military Affairs were not
willing, upon ex parte evidence and ex parte argu-
ments, to undertake to decide the legal question
thot is involved jn the claim of these parties. The
amount is large, perhaps $100,000 in the aggre-
gate; and they were not disposed to take jurisdic-
tion of the case. But we thought that it was as
little as we could do to give the parties the poor
privilege of stung, and if the judgment of the Court
of Claims is in their favor and is thought to be
erroneous, it may be reversed by the Supreme
Couit of, the United States.
Mr. GROW. Could not the Court of Claims
take jurisdiction of the caw, if it was simply re-
ferred to them, without supplemental legislation?
Mr. STANTON. .1 suppose they could.
Mr. GROW. Then I hope the supplemental
legislation will be stricken out.
Mr. STANTON. These parties said they did
not want to go to the Court of Claims. They
had chosen their forum; they had come to Con-
gress, and they insisted that the committee should
dccide their case, and report either for or against
them. We preferred not to decide it on ex parte
evidence; but wo were willing to refer it to the
Court of Claims, where it can be investigated,
and where both parties can be heard in evidence
and in argument; and if the judgment of that court
shall be affirmed by the Supreme Court of the
United States, it shall be final. If we would not
do that, the parties insisted that we should adju-
dicate their case ourselves. We preferred to send
the case to the Court of Claims, and to make the
judgment of that court final, subject only to re-
versal by the Supreme Court of the United States.
I think that ought to be so in all cases. I am m
favor of passing a general law to that effect; but
inasmuch as we cannot do that, we think these
parties should have the poor privilege of suing m
the Court of Claims; and if the Supreme Court
affirms the judgment of the Court of Claim's, let
them have the amount of that judgment. 1 move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ord< red; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly reed the third time.
Mr. STANTON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
believe that we are doing any good; and I there-
foie move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. GROW Let us aeree to meet at twelve
, , , o
o cIock to-morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON. Say three,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
any change in the hour of meeting.
