350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
whether,;upon every stump, he did not denounce
the Dred Scott decision? and I wish to ask
him-: 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. One at a time.
Mr. PORTER. It is the same question. I
ask the gentleman whether, at a public meeting
at Indianapolis sifter the election, and in the pres-
ence of two thousand people, he did not openly
denounce the Dred Scott decision ? and whether
he did not then say that a man who indorsed that
decision could not carry a single township in the
State of Indiana? /
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. " Thank thee, Jew,
for that word." [Laughter.] I say that I did
no such thing, sir. [Applause from the Demo-
' Mr. PORTER. Perhaps the organ of the
Democratic party of Indiana will have something
to say about that. I have that speech. [Cries
from the Republican benches of " Read!" " Send
it up to the Clerk!" and from the Democratic
benches, "Miles, go on !" " Let us adjourn !"
"Wo will never get through these interruptions!"]
Let the Clerk read the passage I have marked.
Several Members. What is the paper'1
Mr. PORTER. The Clerk will give the name
of the paper and the date.
The CLERK. It is the Indiana Daily State
Sentinel, of November 19, 1858.
Mr. DA VIS, of Indiana. I have not the slightest
objection to the whole of that speech being read.
I am willing that the synopsis of it, as published
by the Indiana State Sentinel, shall be read; but
before it is read I desire to say one word. The
gentleman says that that paper is my organ.
Mr. PORTER. Wo, sir. I said that it was the
organ of the Democracy of the State of Indiana.
Mr, DAVIS, of Indiana. That is a very dif-
ferent thing.
Mr. PORTER. The acknowledged, avowed
organ of the Democratic party of Indiana. And
I say that, that report is correct, because I had the
honor to hear the eloquent specch of the gentle-
man, ["Oh,yes!"fromMr. Davis,] and eloquent
he was on that occasion; for. I never knew a man
in any public sneoch to elicit the applause that
followed his declaration on that occasion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That is all wry fine,
Mr. Clerk. [Cries of "Read!" "Ilead the
paper."]
Mr. PORTER. Let mo say to my colleague
that 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I cannot give way
for a speech.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope gentlemen will pre-
serve order; m the confusion that prevails u is
impossible to tell what is going on.
The CLERK. Gentlemen are respectfully re-
quested to preserve ordei. It is impossible for
the Clerk either to read or hear, unless gentlemen
preserve order.
Order was lestored.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have but one or
two other words. [Cries of " Read !" "Read!"]
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a point of order. I
object to any other business being done until order
is restored m the Hall. Gentlemen are walking
aipund the Hall, and nothing can be heard in this
part of the Hall of what is going on.
Mr. GROW. And I hope applause upon the
floor will be prevented.
Mr. POR'IER. The gentleman from Indiana
gave way to me in order that 1 might make some
observation.;. i
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. No, sir; I did no
such tiling.
Mr. CONKLING. Well; you yielded to him
to allow him to ask a <jUes<ion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 j;ave way to him
to propound a question, and nothing else.
Mr. PORTER. Do I understand my colleague
to refuse to allow that passage to be read'
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That is mv business,
and I will come to it directly, if you will just take
your seat. I understand this wliole tiling.
Mr. PORTER. I ask that the passage be read.
[Cries of "Read!" from the Republican side; and
of "Order'" from the Democratic side.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, X understand this
whole thing, Mr. Clerk, I am neither to be thrown j
off my guard or to be^intimidated. My honor-
able colleague said he heard me make that eloquent
speech. Well, I think it was a tolerably eloquent
speech, [laughter,] and I am very glad that he
has taste enough to appreciate eloquence. He
asked me if I had not, m that speech, denounced
the Dred Scott decision. 1 say it is totally, will-
fully, and maliciously false, let the charge come
from what quarter it may. . [Applause from the
Democratic side.] Is that sufficient?
Mr. DUNN. Allow me a word.
Mr, DAVIS, of Indiana. Let them all come,
only one at a time.
Mr. DUNN. I think it due to my colleague
when he is assailed in this rude manner 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Not assailed at all.
Mr. DUNN. Yes, sir, assailed. I heard that
speech, and it is true that it was a general remark
among the Republicans that they never heard a
better Republican speech in their lives. And the
gentleman did denounce the Dred Scott decision.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Just one word there.
I was not exactly prepared for this. I want to
repeat-again, and I repeat it with a full knowledge
of the purport and meaning of what I say, that
the charge is a falsehood, and the utterer of it is
a slanderer upon this floor. [Applause from the
Democratic side and the galleries, and cries of
" Order!" from the Republican benches.]
A Member. What did you say?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am responsible for
that declaration here or elsewhere. [Applause
in the galleries, and cries of "Read that docu-
ment!" from the Republican benches.] I know
exactly what is in that paper. [Voices on the
Republican side, "We do not know!"] I am
not to be intimidated by these men, and I am just
as cool as a summer's morning—never cooler in
my life. I know what I did say.
"So far as that Sentinel is concerned, I want to
say that the editor of that Sentinel and 1 have nut
spoken to each other for four years. He opposed
my election with a bitterness hitherto unknown
in the political contests of my State. I never saw
tlfe synopsis which he published of that specch
until within the last week, when I heard it asserted
here that I had denounced the Dred Scott decis-
ion without qualification. I wrote to a friend in
Indianapolis to send me the paper containing it.
1 have it in my pocket, and I am not ashamed,
though it is nor a fair synopsis of the speech made
upon that occasion, to have it read here or else-
where. Hut 1 want to tell what I said, and I
would not take back a single political principle I
ever entertained, for the presidential office, much
less for that chair. [Laughter upon the Repub-
lican side.] I said I was in favor of the Dred
Scott decision. I know the reason it was used
here. [Turning to the Republican .side of the
House.] I never have been a candidate for the
Speakership, [derisive laughter on the Republican
side,"! and I never expict to get into that chair.
Put the speech was used for the purpose of oper-
ating against eertain gentlemen upon this side of
the Hoump, and it was used clandestinely and
meanly by certain gentlemen upon the other side
of the Hall.
Mr. PORTER. One word.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Nb, sir; not a word
just now. Wait until I give you an opportunity.
I tell you what I did say; and what I repeat here.
I believe, so far as the £>rcd Scott decision was con-
cerned, it was right; but I did notgivc it that inter-
pretation which the President of the United States
gave it in hisspecial message. And I said further,
for I have no secrets to keep about it, that, in my
opinion, any mun who took the ground that the
Constitution of the United States, per sc, estab-
lished slavery m the Territories of the United
Slates, could not get a single county in my State.
Thai is what I said, and nothing efse.
Now, if gentlemen had kept cool, tin>y would
have heaid, honestly and candidly, what I did
say, and what I still say. [A voice on the Re-
publican side, "You are veryeool' "] Veryeool;
just about as coo! as you are. That is all I said
upon the subject of the Dred Scott decision, and
if I recollect, there is not a word in that synopsis
which speaks of my having named the Dred Seott
decision in that speech. I only referred to the
opinion of the President of the United States, that
the Constitution of the Untied Stales, per se, took
slavery into the Territories of tlu United States
and established it there.
I remarked a moment ago, thai J. had been elected
there as an independent Democrat. The gentle-
man who ran against me and I never disagreed a
hair's breadth upon the subject of politics. He
was an anti-Lecompton Democrat, and was nom-
inated as such. The convention which gave him
that nomination, packed as it was then understood
and known to be, voted down a resolution indors-
ing my course as a Representative in Congress
upon that subject. I felt it my duty to appeal
from that decision of a packed convention to the
people. I did so, and was sustained by a major-
ity of the Democrats, by all the Americans in my
district, and by a large majority of the Repub-
lican party. That is the manner and the way I
found myself back the fourth time a member of
the Congress of the United States. Having said
that much, I believe I am done.
Mr. MILES resumed the floor.
Mr. PORTER. Will the gentleman from South
Carolina yield me the floor h moment? I am sure7
after whatlias occurred, the gentleman from South
Carolina will allow that passage to be read.
Mr. ADRAIN. I gave way a moment to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] [cries of
"Read!" "Read!" from the Republican side,]
and I believe I am entitled to the floor. -
The CLERIC. Does the gentleman from South
Carolina yield to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Porter,] for the purpose indicated?
Mr. MILES. I have no objection to allow the
gentleman from Indiana to reply to his colleague.
Mr. PORTER. I ask that the paper may be
read.
Mr. ADRAIN. I believe I have the floor. [Cries
of "No," "No," from the Republican side.]
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman from South
Carolina yielded me the floor.
Mr. MILES. I desire to have some distinct
understanding upon this subject. I got up to make
a simple and practical proposition. [Cries of'' Fin-
ish it," from the Democratic benches.] I did not
expect that we should have this long colloquial
debate and discussion.
Mr. PORTER. I rise to a point of order. I
understand the gentleman from South Carolina,
whose courtesy upon this floor I have often no-
ticed, has yielded the floor, m order that a pas-
sage from that speech might be read, [a voice on
the Democratic side, "No, sir,"] and in order that
1 might repel the assault of ray colleague.
Mr. MILES. I yielded to the gentleman from
Indiana in order that he might reply to his col-
league; but I have no disposition to allow that to
be done to which his colleague [Mr. Davis] ob-
jects. That would be unfair, and would be al-
lowing to be done, by indirection, that which the
gentleman from Indiana, to whom I first yielded,
[Mr. Davis,] refused to allow to be done directly.
Mr. PORTER. I wish to call the House back.
[Loud shouts of "Order! " from the Democratic
benches, and of "Go on!" "Go on! "from the
Republicans, and great confusion all over the
Hall.]
Mr. MILES. Mr. Clerk 
The CLERK. Gentlemen will come to order.
Mr. MILES. I always try to come to the point
and express myself plainly.
Mr. PORTER. I wish to say to the gentle-
man  [Shouts of " Order! " "Hear liim!"]
Mr. MILES. Just hear what 1 have to say.
If the gentleman from Indiana desires to take the
floor, i will yield it to him cheerfully, in order
that he may reply to anything which has fallen
from lus colleague, whicli he feels it incumbent
upon him to reply to. If, availing himself of my
concession of the floor, he undertakes to have
read what his colleague objected to having read,
he is evidently putting me m a false position.
Mr. PORTER. My colleague expressed his
willingness to ha\r it read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not objcct to the
reading of i(.
Mr. MILES. Then I am perfectly satisfied.
[Loud cries of " Read!" " Read!" from the Re-
publican benches.]
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to the gentleman from
South Carolina yielding the floor for that purpose.
[Cries of " Too late !"]
The CLERK. The Clerk understood that the
gentleman from South Carolina had yielded the
floor to the gentleman from Indiana before the
objection was made.
' Mr. RUFFIN. It required unanimous consent,
and I objected. [Cries of "Too late!"]
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn. [Voices {< You have not got the
floor!"l
