1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
of it. His experiments in gunnery, his inventions
in guns, h(ive redounded to the honor of the coun-
try* and given him a national name, and a name
abroad. We cannot recognize the value of those
services that I know of in any other manner. We
are entitled to his inventive genius, to all his ca-
pacity and time, and it is simply proposed to con-
tinue what has been heretofore granted—the pay
of the grade above him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I dare say that Mr. Dahl-
gren is entitled to very great credit; and there
seemed to be a very good reason why the pay that
he received before should be advanced. When he
was a lieutenant, he received only $1,500, and was
kept on shore making th$se experiments. There
was then certainly a propriety in his having the
highest pay of his grade; but he not only received
that, but the highest pay of the grade above him,
though he was not on sea-service, while lieuten-
ants of the same grade received $1,500. Now, he
is advanced to the grade of commander; and, in-
stead of receiving what commanders do when on
other duties, he receives what other commanders
do when on sea-service by the law as it stands.
Now, the proposition is to give this gentleman,
who is a young commander, not only the $2,500,
which is the highest pay of a commander while
he is on duty on shore, but to advance him to the
highest pay of the grade next above him, which
is that of captain; that is to say, to give him over
four thousand three hundred dollars a year—the
pay which the oldest and best captain in the Navy
receives by this bill. That seems to me to be
quite unreasonable. I think his pay, as lieuten-
ant, was too low before; the pay of the whole grade
was; and it was proper to make a recognition ; but
to carry it further, is making too great a distinc-
tion.
I would say further, that we should have a sys-
tem in regard to gentlemen who render those im-
portant .services, or we should not continue to
make these distinctions. If gentlemen fed dis-
posed to have a system by which those who per-
ioim extraordinary services shall he recognized
and rewarded m the way of pay, that is one thing;
but to pick out a particular gentleman who hap-
pens to have more talent and inventive genius
than another, and not only carry him up atone
time, but keep him constantly in advance of his
grade and receiving pay, making it a progressive
thing, putting him in fact with the oldest, officers
of the Navy on active service while he is em-
ployed on gunnery, and confining that distinction
to him, while we bestow no such rewards upon
gallantry at sea—no man, whatever may be his
Services in action, by the laws as tiny stand, can
receive e\tiaunlinaiy rewards for it—f think is
tiding a liulc too much, and I hope this amend-
ment will not. prevail. 1 think he has been suffi-
ciently rewaided by being advanced; and is now
receiving on shore, or will he receiving on shore,
the highest sen-service pay of his grade — an
amendment to that effect might he made—while
be remains there, and I think it should <ro no fur-
ther. This gentleman at ins age should not, for
the matter to which he is entitled undoubtedly to
gieat credit, be placed on a par with regard to
pay with the oldest and best officers of the Nu\ y,
tho«e who have nerved longer than he has. Gen-
tlemen, it may be. remarked, who render thewo
important and valuable services, ha\c the credit;
(and that ordinarily pays a man, if he has a good
subsistence.) He has a reputation, a large rep-
utation in the country from his inventive genius;
and I would lemnrk "further, that the country is
entitled, if H pays Us ofiiceis well, to all their ser-
vices in fheir grade without a paitn'ular increase
of pay. Still, 1 am willing to lecogmze these
valuable services to a certain extent. I think,
however, it has gone far enough in this instance.
Mr. GREEN. I recollect very well when the
law of 1851 was passed, by which the then Lieu-
tenant Dahlgien was to receive the pay of a grade
above his commission. He was then a lieutenant,
and it was passed upon this consideration: he had
made du-covnies ui the lock of the cannon, in the
power ot gunpowd< r, in the accuracy of shooting,
in th" proportion between the weight of the bail
nnd the a mount ot'the powder required,which, if he
\vt re a pi individual, would have been worth
milhons to him: but. being an officer of the Gov-
ernment, he could receive no patronage, he could
receive re waul. A11 the heavy guns called now
in England, in Europe,and throughout the world,
the Dahlgren guns, were invented, constructed,
shaped, and molded by him. In consideration
of this very extraordinary service, in which his
talent, his genius, his enterprise, his knowledge,
had been brought to play, Congress thought, in
1851, that he ought to receive the pay of the grade
above the commission he held, and so passed the
law. In two years, in the regular order of pro-
motion, he was put up to the same commission,
to wit: made a commander; so that the whole gra-
tuity, or reward, or payment, which Congress
had contemplated, failed, because he just took the
place he would have had anyhow.
Now, I undertake to say, that the object of
Congress then was to give him something above
his grade. He did have it above his grade two
years only; and from that day to this, nota dollar
has he received above his grade. So it is unfair
for the Senator from Maine to assert that he has
been receiving more than others have received.
He only did for two years; it was expected, when
the law was passed, that he would permanently.
It has failed in consequence ofh is promotion. He
was promoted in regular order, under the law of
the United States. His service is none the less,
for he has gone on to improve, day after day.
Nor has he been confined to shore duties. He
has been ordered to sea on the Plymouth, and per-
formed valuable service down the coast and in the
Gulf of Mexico, at Vera Cruz, and San Juan, and
various other points. Now, I think for all these
extra services, for the benefit of his genius, his'
extraordinary energy, we should give him just
the same pro rata increase that was contemplated
by the law of 1851, and which failed for the reason
1 have stated.
Mr. MALLORY. In addition to what my
friend from Missouri says, I will say to the Sena-
tor from Maine, that it is no unusual practice thus
to recognize the services of public officers. The
commanding officer of the Naval Academy; the
commanding officer of the Observatory; theofficer
in charge of the Nautical Almanac; and others
whom I could name, have all received the pay of
the grade above them. This fact induced Con-
gress to recognize the services of Dahlgren in
this way. Perhaps it is the only way in which
we could recognize them
Mr. GRIMES. I concur in everything that has
been said by the Senator from Missouri in regard
to Captain Dahlgren and his merits; but 1 under-
stand that this proposition is a permanent one. If
Captain Dahlgren dies to-night, or is removed to-
morrow, by the Secretary of the Navy, and some
one else is substituted in his place, under this
amendment, the man who takes his place, and has
charge of the ordnance at your navy-yard, will
receive the sumo salaty that you now propose to
confer on Captain Dahlgien.
Mr. GREEN. 1 am inclined to think the Sen-
ator is right, and that a change ought to be made
m that respect.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Missouri
will bring m a bill to reward Captain Dahlgren—
to confer any honor on him—1 am willing to vote
for it; but I do not think this is the bill where we
should draw any distinction in favor of Captain
Dahlgien us against any other meritorious and
gallant officer belonging to the Navy.
Mr. GREEN. Make it read present officer
in charge."
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator may offer that
amendment; but I hope he will not do so. I am
not willing to legislate specially for any man. Mr.
Dahlgren is not mentioned in this amendment. I
referred to him as an example. There is a corps
of officers there, and if Mr. Dahlgren should die
to-morrow, the Secretary of the Navy might not
put an officer in charge there; and therefore he
need not pay out this salary. Mr. Dahlgren is
instructing a corps of officers under him to dis-
charge this duty. This amendment does notlegis-
late for Mr. Dahlgren, but for the officer in charge,
whoever he may be, and if Congress at any time
should think the recipient a wrong one, they could
strike it out.
Mr. GRIMES. But the argument has been
based solely on the merits of Captain Dahlgren.
Mr. MALLORY. Exactly; because he is there
to receive it.
Mr. GRIMES. But, if he die or be removed
to-morrow, why should we pay the man who be-
comes his substitute the salary we propose to pay
him because of his individual merits?
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator is putting a
case which is the last to occur. When the Gov-
ernment have found the right man of all others to
fill a place, they keep him there. Mr. Maury has
been at the Observatory all his military life, and
will be probably kept there as long as he wishes.
Itwoulabe folly to remove a man when you have
got him in his right place. Mr. Dahlgren is in the
right place. If the Government were to remove
him it would be a captious measure, and Congress
could repeal the salary. If you propose to legis-
late specially for Mr. Dahlgren, I shall object.
Youmay provideforthe mannow there; and then
if the Department were to send a man there who
had to learn over again all that Mr. Dahlgren has
accomplished already, he should not receive this
salary. I confess it is designed specially for Mr.
Dahlgren; and I confess that, if he were removed
or to die to-morrow, and another officer were sent
there, unless we were to make some change, he
would get this salary under the amendment; but
the Secretary of the Navy is supposed to have the
public interests sufficiently under consideration to
guard a matter of that kind. We must place con-
fidence somewhere.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see the propriety
of legislating in a money point of view for partic-
ular individuals at all. i know Lieutenant Maury
has been kept at the head of the establishment
where he is, much better off than any-other officer
in the Navy, at a larger pay, receiving a salary of
$3,000. I have not been disposed to quarrel with
that arrangement on account of his great eminence
in his line. Still I do not approve of the princi-
ple. I think that gentlemen who render extra ser-
vices m the Navy should all be promoted for that
service, or paid a larger sum under some regula-
tions, or else none of them should be. The idea
here is to pick out a particulai individual, and pay
him for his genius, by givinghimagrcater amount
of money than others of his class receive. It does
not cost him any more to live than it does others
of the same grade. He happens to render more
service; but why should Commander Dahlgren be
put up above above Lieutenant Maury ? Lieu-
tenant Maury receives, as I understand, $3,000.
Mr. PEARCE. He has a house besides.
Mr. GRIMES. Dahlgren has a house, too, I
understand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Lieutenant Maury re-
ceives that salary in consideration of the fact that
he is in charge of the Observatory, Why should
Lieutenant Dahlgreen receive $4,000? He has
the same privileges.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
propose that little amendment which I suggested
to obviate the objection madebythe Senator from
Iowa, and which I think a very proper one; that
is to say, to use the words "present officer" or
" the officer now in charge."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a question that
the Senator must settle with the Senator from
Florida.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator from Maine
aljow me now to name it, so that it may be ac-
cepted ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has named
it. He can move it after I get through.
Mr. RICE. I accept thatamendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It is competent for the mover to do
so, and that is the form of the amendment as it
now stands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask again why should
this officer reccive $4,000 a year for his particular
services, when Lieutenant Maury receives but
$3,000? Nobody pretends that he has conferred
more honor on the service or on the country than
Lieutenant Maury. Why should he be put up at
once with the oldest captains in the Navy when
they arc at sea, unless commanding fleets or
squadrons? I see no sort of propriety m it. I
think ins unjust to the residue of the corps, unless
you establish a rule by which all men who render
valuable or important services can rcceive the
same amount of money, or promotion, or some-
thing of the sort. At any rate, if he is to be par-
ticularly singled out, I think the amount ought to
be reduced to $3,000, which is higher than the
pay of his grade.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me answer the Senator
at that point. That, of course, did not escape
the mover of the amendment, I presume. Inas-
much as the Senator institutes a comparison be-
