2314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
eighty-two votes, among which I find the names of
Messrs. Bocock, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cling-
man, Howell Cobb, Iverson, Andrew Johnson,
R. W. Johnson, G. W. Jones, McDowell, Mc-
Lanc, Phelps, Stephens of Georgia, Rhett, Jacob
Thompson, and Toombs, It was also voted for
in 185U by most of the distinguished men whose
names I have just repeated. No pretext was
urged, for the repeal of the Missouri restriction,
that it was asked for by the people of the Terri-
tory. Every possible demonstration was given,
that it was repugnant to the feelings of the people
in the free States. In my judgment, it was passed
to appease the inexorable demand of the slave
interest for dominion. As Ahab coveted Naboth's
vineyard, so did the propagandists of slavery cast
* longing, wistful look upon the great plains of
Kansas.
I will notdetain theSenate, Mr. President, with
a recital of the atrocious and persistent efforts for
years to establish slavery m Kansas, up to that
culmination of villainy, the Lecompton constitu-
tion. It is sufficient for me to say, that the un-
equal struggle ofthefrisndsoffreeuomupon those
blood-stained fields was worthy of the best days
of the Revolution; and that the Democratic party
of the North had become so completely demor-
alized and debauched, that they neither felt nor
dared to express the slightest sympathy for their
brethren, who were contending for their rights
against the brutal mob of border ruffians, and the
power and influence of the Administration. Their
distinguished leader and candidate for the Presi-
dency, the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] has avowed, upon the floor of the Sen-
ate, that" it was a matter of perfect indifference to
him whether slavery is voted in or out;" and his
followers, unmoved by the love of humanity or
national glory, arc apparently alike indifferent.
Thus, step by step, Mr. President, has the Dem-
ocratic party of the North ceased to be the party
of freedom and liberty, and been brought under pcr-
fectsubjugation to the interests of slavery. If any-
thing were wanting to complete the record of its
degradation, and the total abandonment of all its
former principles and leaders, it is the voluntary
offer, made at Charleston, to submit to and'be
guided by the political opinions of the Supreme
"Court, as well to those already promulgated as
to those which they may hereafter declare. For
many years the slave power has been adroitly
managing to mold and fashion the Supreme Court,
so as to bring it into complete subserviency to
their interests. There is but one friend of tree-
dom left on the bench—all the other judges are
pro-slavery. So constituted, this court has de-
clared that slaves arc property under the Con-
stitution, and that they can be lawfully held in
any of the Territories. This opinion, in my judg-
ment, is entitled to no more respect than that of
the same number of men in this Chamber, or any-
where else; but when we look at the necessary
consequence of declaring slaves property under
the United States Constitution, and to what must
inevitably bo. the next decision, the right to hold
them in the States, in defiance of State authority,
a voluntary engagement to be bound by such de-
cision is equivalent to a surrender of the whole
country to slavery.
The present purposes of the slave power arc
frankly disclosed in the following article, which
appeared in the Union newspaper of this city, the
organ of the Administration, on the 17th Novem-
ber, 1857:
"The Constitution declares that 'the citizens of each
State nhflJJ be entitled to aii the privileges and immunities
ot citizens in the several States.' Every citizen of one State
coming iiuo another estate ha*, therefore, n nght to the pro-
tection of Ins person, ami that property winch is recognized
such by the Constitution ot the United States, any law
cf a {State to the contrary notwithstanding. So far from any
State having a right to deprive him of thi* pioperty, it is its,
bounden duty to protect him in its possession,
" If these views are corrcct—and vvc believe it would be
difficult to invalidate them—it follows that all State laws,
whether organic or otherwise, wlueh prohibit a citizen of
one State from settling in another, and bringing his slave
property with him, and most especially declaim? it foi feited,
are direct violations of the original intention of a Govern-
ment whieh, as before stated, is the protection of person
and property, and of the Constitution of the United States,
Winch iteogmzes pioperty in slaw,, and declares thatk the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges
and immunities of citizens in the scveiat States,' among
the most < ssentiai of winch is the protection of pursuit and
pioperty."
Mr. President, the great thought, which over-
burdened the heart of Jefferson in his latter days,
was the usurpations of the Supreme Court. 1
quote a few of his prophetic warnings, and trust
that the people will hefed them:
Extract of a letter to Judge Roane, dated Poplar Forest,
September 6, 1819.
" In denying the right they usiu p of exclusively explaining
the Constitution, I go further than you do, if I understand
rightly your quotation from the Federalist, of an opinion
that' the judiciary is the last resort In relation to the other
departments of the Government, but not in relation to the
rights of the parties to the compact under which the ju-
diciary is derived.' If this opinion be sound, then, indeed,
is our Constitution a complete felode sc. ©For, intending to
establish three departments, coordinate and independent,
that they might check and balance one another, it has given,
according to this opinion, to one of them alone the right to
prescribe rules for the government of the others; and to
that one, too, which is unelectedby and independent of the
nation." *********
"The Constitution, on this hypothesis,is a meie thing of
wax m the hands of the judiciary, which they may twi^t
and shape into any lorm they please. Itshould be remem-
bered, as an axiom ot etei nal truth in politics, that whatever
power, in any Government, is independent, is absolute also;
m theory only at first, while the spirit of the people is up,
but in practice as fa-t as that relaxes. Independence can
be trusted nowhere but with the people in mass. They are
inherently independent of all but inoial law. My construc-
tion of the Constitution is very different from that you quote.
It that each depaitment is truly independent of the
others, and has an equal right to decide lor itselt wiiat is
the meaning of the Constitution in tho cases submitted to
its action."
Extract from a letter to Thomas Ritchie, dated Monticcllo,
December "25, 18:20.
" The judiciary of tho United States is the subtile corps of
sappers and miners constantly working under gioutid to
undermine the foundations of our confederated fabuc. The}'
arc construing our Constitution irom a coordination of a
general and spccial Government to a general and snpicmc
one alone." * * * * c. \ye aheady see the
power, installed for life, responsible to no authority, (for
impeachment is not even a scaiecrow,) advancing with a
noiseless and steady pace to the gieat object of consolida-
tion. The foundations are aheady deeply laid, by their de-
cisions, for the annihilation of constitutional State lights,
and the removal of every check, every counterpoise, to the
engulfing power, of which themselves are to make a sov-
ereign part" * * * * " That there should
be public functionaries independent of the. nation, what-
ever may be their demerit, is a solecism, in a Republic, of
the first oider of absurdity and inconsistency."
Equally impressive and eloquent was John
Randolph, who said:
" But, sir, if you pass the law, the judges arc to put their
veto upon it by declaring it unconstitutional. Here is a new
power, of a dangerous and uncontrollable nature, contended
for. The decision of a constitutional question must ie t
somewhere. Shall it be confided to men immediately ic~
sponsible to the people, or to those who arc iriexponsihle ?
for the responsibility by impeachment is little less than a
name. Fioru whom is a corrupt decision most to be feared
To me it appears tfiat the power which has the right of
pacing, without appeal, on the validity of your laws, is
your s-ovi-retgn." * ■* * * u But, sir, ate we
not a^ deeply interested m the true exposition of the Con-
stitution as the judges can he ? With ail the- deference to
their talents, is not Congress as capable of forming a cor-
rect opinion as they arc ? Arc not its members acting under
a responsibility to public opinion which can and will check
their abeirations irom duty?"
Nathaniel Macon, of North Carolina, said:
"According to somo gentlemen, we were to regard the
judiciary 11191c than the law, and both more than the Con-
stitution. It wai  a misfortune the judges were not equal
in infallibility to the God who made them. The truth was,
it the judge was a party man out of power, he would be a
party man in. The office would not change human nature."
Now, Mr. President, let mc quote from Gen-
eral Jackson in his veto of the bank bill:
" If the opinion of the Supreme Court covered the whole
ground of tins act, it ought not to contiol the coordinate
authorities of thw Government. The Congress, the Execu-
tive, and the court, must each for itself be guided byitaown
opinion of the Constitution. Each pubhcotlieer, who takes
an oath to support the Constitution, swears that lie will
support it as he understands it, and not as it is understood
by others. It is as much the duty ot the House of Repre-
sentatives, of the Senatr-, and ol the President, to decide
upon the constitutionality ot any bill or resolution which
may be presented to them lor passage or appioval, as it is
of the supreme judges, when it may be biought bctorc them
for judicial decision. The opinion of the judge< has no
more authority over Congtess than the opinion of Congress
over the judges; and, 011 that point, ttie Fiesident is inde-
pendent of both. The authouty of the Supremo Court must
not, therefore, be permitted to control the Congress or the
Executive when acting 111 their legislative capacities, hut
to have only such influence as the force of their reasoning
may deservr."
General Jackson was aware that he had taken a
strong position in that case; and he closes, most
solemnly, with an appeal to his Creator. He says:
" 1 have now doti" my duty to my country. If sustained
ky my fellow-citizens, \ shall he grateful and happy; it not,
I shall find, m the motives which impel me, ample gtounds
lor contentment and peace."
I do not expect to make my case any stronger;
but there is an "old public functionary "who now
occupies the White House whose opinions were
once entitled to some respect. I wish to contrast
them to show the degeneracy of the times, and
especially of the Democratic party.
In a speech in the In his message to
United States Senate, Congress, as President
July 7, 1841, on the of the United States, he
bank question, Mr. said:
Buchanan said: "Slavery existed at that
" Now, if it were not un- period, (1854,) and still ex-
parliamentary language, and In Kansas, under the
if [ did not desire to treat all Constitution of the United
my fuends on this (Whig) States. This point has at
side of the House with the last been finally decided by
respect which I feel for the highest tribunal known
them, I would say that, the to our laws. How it could
que&tiun having been settled cvor have been doubted is a
so as to hind the consciences mystery."
of members of Congress Anfi :n 1 iptf. . t
when voting on the present -n 111 *°
bill, it is ridiculous and ab- Professor Siliiman, he
suid. It'ail tho judges and reiterated the above,and
ail tiic lawyers in Christen- added:
dom ■ had divided in tho af- « slavery exists in Kama"!
firmative, when the question , ?™e3,, "1 „ ?
is brought ltomc to 1111c as a ^ "u^,.■1<^on j^n
legislator, bound to vote for uierefore as inuch a
or against a new charter, B?s,>s> " ^'T mVul A
upon oath to support the "
Constitution, I must exer- B0UU1 ^loun'1-
cise my own judgment. I In the Berks county
would neat with profound 1 tte writton in 1847
respect the argument* and leuer> written in imi,
opinions of judges and con- "c said.:
stitutional lawjers; but if, "Having urged the adop-
afW all, they iail to con- tion of the Missouri compro-
vince mc that the law was mise, the inference is iire-
constitutional, I should be si^tible that Congress, in my
guilty of perjuiy bciorc high opinion, possesses the power
Heaven if I voted in its to legislate upon the subject
favor. of slavery in the Teirito-
<e But even ifthc judiciary ries/'
had settled the question, I
should never hold myself
bound by th«nr decision,
while acting in a legislative
character. Unlike the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Bates,] I bhcdi never
conscntto place the liberties
of the people in the hands of
any judicial tribunal.
44 No man holds in higher
esteem than I do, the mem-
ory of Chief Justice Mar-
shall; but I should never
hare consented to make
even him the final arbiter
between the Government
aad the people of this coun-
try, on questions of consti-
tutional liberty/'
Mr. President, I have said enough to prove the
total depravity of the Democratic party North;
the utter abandonment of their principles; their
complete and thorough subserviency to southern
dictation. I will not use the harsh language which
the Senator from Texas [Mr. Wigfall] employed
the other day, when lie said:
"Threaten them, and they will crouch to your feet like
so many hounds. Only swear that you arc going to dissolve
the Union, and the timid creatures will get down on all
fours, bite the dust, and kiss the rod raised to chastise
them."
But I will say, they have lost the manly, inde-
pendent spirit, which was the characteristic of
the party m the days of General Jackson.
Mr. President, the sentiments of the people of
the free States, to whom the acts of their Dem-
ocratic public servants have been submitted, are
well known, and they have been unequivocally
expressed. No man has been able to stand up
before an enlightened constituency and justify his
betrayal of the interests of free labor. Even the
distinguished Senator from Illinois only obtained
a majority of his Legislature through an unjust
apportionment; the popular majority was against
him.
The people of the great northwestern States,
now numbering nearly ten millions of freemen,
will ever hold in grateful recollection the mem-
ory of those whose statesmanlike and patriotic
foresight dedicated the soil upon which they live
to free labor; and they are not unmindful of the
duty they owe to their posterity. They incan to
prove to the world that the same zeal for liberty
which inspired their ancestors still animates them.
With slavery in the States of this Confederacy,
they claim no other right to interfere than to unito
with an enlightened 'Christian world m a public
sentiment before which all great wrongs must
sooner or lator give way. But in the broad Ter-
ritories of thisUnion they are determined slavery
never shall obtain a foothold. The auction block
for fellow-men shall never be established there;
