1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
tween the two, let me tell him that the officer in
charge of the Observatory now, or who may come
after him, has quarters, fuel, lights, a servant,
and many other little contingencies, which in fact
make his salary $4,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So it is with any officer
who serves at a navy-yard.
Mr. MALLORY. Dahlgren pays his own rent,
and has none of those contingencies.
Mr. GRIMES. Because he chooses to live
away from the yard, in the city.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He can have it, if he
chooses to stay there.
Mr. MALLORY. There are no quarters there
for him. There are many officers stationed at
yards who pay their own rent. You have not
quarters there for all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that is the case, it only
proves that the other officer receives too much. If
he has a house, fuel, quarters, and everything
else, and $3,000 besides, when men of his own
grade, who have done the best they can for the
country's service, are only receiving §1,500, and
get no quarters and no fuel, I think it is mani-
festly unjust—a species of favoritism; and the
sooner we stop it the better.
Mr. MALLORY. He is a commander.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He did receive it while
a lieutenant, for many years; but I was not dis-
posed to carp at that. My objection is to carry-
ing the thing further. I disapprove of this favor-
itism in the Navy. It excites uncomfortable feel-
feelings. None are more ready, I take it, than
officers of the Navy, to recognize valuable services
performed by those who are associated with them;
but to make these broad distinctions, because one
man has happened to be oil shore and turned his
attention to inventions, in which he has been suc-
cessful, having inventive genius, and to place him
at once on an equality with the oldest and best
officers in the Navy afloat, when he is on shore,
is certainly too much. I shall vote against the
amendment as it stands, and do not know but that
I would in any case; but, at any rate, it ought to
be reduced to $3,000. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Secre-
tary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (before the result was an-
nounced.) I want to call the attention of the
chairman to the amendment, whether, as it now
stands, it will not give this gentleman, even after
he goes out of this particular pursuit, and is em-
ployed in some other duty, §4,000 a ye^r? Will
it not continue that salary to him, whether he is
engaged in this particular service or not ?
Mr. MALLORY. I did not propose the amend-
ment. It is the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too late
to consider that question in the present state of
the vote.
The result was announced—yeas 30, nays 15;
as follows:
YEAS—Mesws. Bayard, BenjammTr>i<!ler.Brown, Che-.-
nut, Clay, Chittenden, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatlick, Graen,
Hammond, Haiian, Hemphill, Hunter, Ivcrson, Johnson of
Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson,
Pe.uce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Ten
fiyek, and Wlgfall—30.
NAYS—Messis. Bingham, Bra<g, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Collamcr, Durkee, Fessenderi, Foot, Grimes, Ham-
lin, King, Sewaid, Simmons, and Sumner—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out in page 2, lines thirteen and fourteen,
which read:
" Captains on other duty, $3,937. When on leave or
waiting orders, §2,500."
And insert in lieu of them:
All other captains, one per cent. per annum on their pres-
ent pay tor and on account of every year of their sea-ser-
vice, as shown by tile records of the Navy Department.
I understand, sir, that the first three provisions,
under the head of captains, apply to the senior
captain, captains tommandmg squadrons, and to
other captains on duty at sea. Then comes the
provision, which I propose to strike out, which
gives to captains on other1 duty—that is, shore-
duty, since the sea-duty is already provided for—
$3,937 a year. That I propose to strike out, and
give in place of that ail increase of one per cent,
per annum upon their present rate of pay for
every year's sea-service they may have performed,
as verified by the records of the Navy Depart-
ment. The result of that will be to give to the
captains who have performed long duty at sea,
larger compensation than to those who have per-
formed less duty at sea. The increased pay will
.then be graduated according to their sea-service.
This is a discrimination which, it seems to me,
just and proper to make between those who have
been a long time at sea, actively engaged, and
those who have been at sea very little or no time
at all. This will include, also, the officers who
are on leave. They now get, by law, §2,500 a
year. If they have served twenty years at sea,
this will increase their pay S500, and so in that
proportion. I understand that this is desired by
some captains. It will operate a discrimination
which will be favorable to those who have per-
formed the greatest service. On that account I
submit it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted, and I suggested to my friend
to move it as an amendment to the substitute which
•I shall offer for the whole bill; but, as it stands, I
will state my difficulties. I offered an order that
this bill should be recommitted, with instructions
to the committee to inquire into the propriety of
fixing the pay of every officer in dollars and cents,
striking out all per centage, and everything of
that description. My reason for that was that it
is very important, in my judgment, to know ex-
actly how much we pay every officer, so that there
should be no misunderstanding about it. In fact
we know very little about it, can find out nothing
about it from the Navy Register; and in the case
of the Army, the matter is very much worse; the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] shakes his
head,butl repeatmy assertion, very much worse,
in my judgment, in the Army than it is in the
Navy.
From time to time, in order to get the pay in-
creased, and from a fear to meet the matter broadly
in its face, there have been little amendments stuck
into the appropriation bills,givingsuchapercent-
age for length of service to this class, and that
class, and the other, until the thing is so loaded
down, that from the Navy Register itself you can
hardly tell how much any officer in the service
receives. There is a document published by the
House of Representatives from which you can
form a more accurate conclusion. But if you want
the country to be satisfied with this matter, I think
itis important, and nothing more than just to our-
selves and to the Treasury, that we should know
how much every officer receives in dollars and
cents. It should not be left to be calculated in the
dark by percentages, which not one man in twenty
understands at all.
Tile question then arises whether this bill gives
enough. Why, sir, the bill gives for captains on
leave", waiting orders, $2,500. If that is not enough,
increase it in dollars and cents; give them what
they ought to receive. I suppose it to be sufficient.
It was the conclusion that the committee came to.
It was mine from the little examination 1 could
give it. If the Senator will move to increase the
pay of all the captains, he will place it in a differ-
ent condition; but what is the justice, I would in-
quire, of confining it to those who have seen more
or less sea-service ? There is the contest between
the system which the Senator from Florida has
introduced, and that for which I shall contend in
reference to this matter, that this graduating pay
on sea-service is entirely deceptive and entirely
wrong. I do not believe—I do not feel disposed
to talk any more about it now, but shall when 1
come to offer my amendment—that it is a correct
principle on which to graduate the pay, because
sea-service is a thing for which the officers are not
responsible; but at all events, if the Senator wishes
to increase the pay, let him say that the officers
who have seen such an amount of sea-service shall
receive so much while on leave or waiting orders,
and others so much.
The question is whether it is enough to sup-
port them fairly. Thev are all officers of the
Navy. They may bo about the same age. One
may have a larffe family, and not have been to
sea as much as another who has no family at all;
and yet the man who has no family at all, because
he has been to sea for some reason or other, al-
though it costs him only half as much to live, is
to have his pay increased in his old age, while
the other, who has not seen so much sea-service,
is to have his not increased. I do not think that
is ]ust, unless you can fix on the officer some fault
or'blame. I think he should be treated in pre-
cisely the s$tme way, on the principle of having
always, since he has been in the service, done his
duty. Nothing more can be required of a man. ■
Whether he has done it or not, is'foot, in my judg-
ment, to be determined by his having'gone to sea
more or less; but, at all events, I object to intro-
ducing this system of percentages upon this bill,
which has been drafted entirely with (he tideal of
rejecting all those things, and fixing the pay in
dollars and cents, so that it may be known ex-
actly how much each man receives. •
Mr. PEARCE. It is not a difficult thing to
calculate this matter of percentage; it requires the
very smallest amount of arithmetic. ■ I have Ho
doubt the gentlclnan can figure it out for himself
in a very few minutes; and it is not at all incon-
sistent with the principle of the bill, for here are
hundreds of provisions almost, I might say, in
which the pay is increased according to the length
of service. That is precisely what I offer to do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But no percentage.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, it is a sum in gross
allowed for every three or five years' sea-service,
according to the class of the officer. Here 1 pro-
pose to give a percentage of one per cent. I think
anybody can calculate one per cent, on any given
sum per annum, with about as much ease as he
could add any gross sum to any other gross sum;
and really I think there is very good reason why
we should increase the pay of officers according
to the length of their sea-service.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest an amendment before he goes on ? I
think the amendment does not state what he
wishes.
Mr. PEARCE. I will hear it, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. Let the amendment be read
again.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
St! ike out lines thirteen and fourteen, and insert:
All other captains one per cent, per annum on their pres-
ent pay for or on account of every year of their sea-service
as shown by the records of the Depiutiuent.
Mr. MALLORY. There are three classes of
"present pay." Which one does it refer to?
Mr. PEARCE. The pay of the officer in his
position, whatever it is. Ihc officers who are on
sea-duty are provided for specifically in the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I think the Senator means
the leave pay of ^2,500 a year.
Mr. PEARCE. Yes; and I mean to give cap-
tains on other duty their present pay and an
addition of one per cent, for each year s service.
For instance, an officer m command of a navy-
yard gets §3,500. If this provision be adopted,
he will then receive his one per cent, for every
year's sea-service upon that sum, and so on with
all the others. I think it is perfectly perspicuous.
Whatever the pay of his station is, he receives
the percentage upon that. If he is in command
of a navy-yard, then, instead of receiving §3,500
allowed by this bill, the amendment will give him
the $3,500 which he now has by law, and also
one per cent, per annum on that sum for each
i year of his sea-service, while he remains in that
command. Then' when he goes on leave, he
would get his one pur cent, on the §2,500, which
is his leave pay.
Mr. MALLORY. Icannotconcurinthisamend-
ment as it stands. I think the arrangement is
wrong. We have already adopted this provision:
" All other captains on duty atsea,$4,375." Now
the amendment of the Senator from Maryland
would give a captain who has seen twenty years'
sea-service, and many of them have—they ought
to have seen it, all of them—$4,200 at a navy-
yard, besides quarters, and he would be in a far
better situation than the man at sea; the man at
sea receiving only $175 more. It brings the sea-
service and shore-service pay too near together.
Now, if the Senator from Maryland will not strike
out line thirteen, not make it apply to officers on
other duty, and make his amendment apply to
leave pay alone, providing that the captains, when
on leave, for which they may receive §2,500, shall
have an addition of one per cent, for each and
every year of sea-service they may have seen in
the Navy, then it will not interfere with captains
on other duty, or the captains at sea. I do not
know that I should vote for that amendment, but
it would be much more reasonable. It would be
more reasonable in this way: this bill will not
affect in any way the pay of a number of captains
who have done the country very good service.
