1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2315
the crack of the driver's whip, the clink of the
fetter, or the moan of the skive mother at the l®ss
of her offspring, shall never be heard there; but
those broad plains, those fertile valleys, and those
mountain gorges rich in shining metal, shall be
wrought alone by the willing hands of free men.
As fast as they are peopled, the school-house and
the church will spring up; and civilization and
refinement will bring comfort and happiness to
Its entire population.
Mr. President, a new era is about to dawn upon
us; the desperate struggle which has just taken
j5lace at Charleston is one of the dying throes of
the slave power. The most important functions
of this Government—executive, legislative, and
judicial—have fallen under itscontrol; and its im-
mense patronage has been arrayed in the unholy
work ofextending slavery. Itmustsoon surrender
the power which it has wielded so despotically over
the party in the JNortli and over the whole coun-
try. The slave code which these resolutions in-
dicate, wilt never be passed; and the doctrine that
slavery exists by virtue of the Constitution of the
United States will soon fall into contempt. A
party is about to take possession of this Govern-
ment, with the same name and the same princi-
ples of the Republican party of 1800. An en-
lightened people are thoroughly aroused to the
good work; and they will reverse the decisions of
your Supreme Gourt, and the policy which has
prevailed under Democratic rule; they will make
freedom national and slavery sectional. Their
candidates, Lincoln and Hamlin, are thoroughly
identified with the interests of the laboring classes,
from which they have sprung; and they are thor-
oughly imbued with the principles and the love
of freedom and liberty. Around such standard-
bearers the hosts ot the people will gather and
bear them on to victory. Their inauguration in
power will restore the Government to its original
design, so beautifully expressed in the preamble
to the Constitution, and "form a more perfect
Union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquil-
lity, provide for the common defense, and secure
the blessings of liberty to ourselves and qur pos-
terity."
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I had at one
time intended to express my views at some length
on the general subject presented by the resolu-
tions now under consideration, but I shall not
do so. I am unwilling to interpose this subject
against the public business even for one moment
longer. I snail ask the indulgence of the Senate,
however, for a few minutes only, whilst I say
what is necessary to explain my views on a few
important points involved, before recording my
vote.
The allegation so often made and freely circu-
lated, Mr. President, that the action of the Dem-
ocratic Senators on these resolutions was intended
to forestall the action of the national convention
in the declaration of a platform of principles for
the Democratic party, and influence the selection
of a candidate, is utterly unwarranted, so far as
my knowledge goes. Surely that was no purpose
of mine; for 1 was amongst those who had ex-
pressed doubts of the expediency of acting on
these resolutions prior to the meeting of the na-
tional convention; and almost the last thing I did
in this Chamber, before leaving for Charleston,
was to move the postponement of their considera-
tion. But, sir, when half a dozen or more Sen-
ators had offered resolutions or amendments, all
touching the question of slavery in the States and
Territories, 1 was among those who advised the
reference of the whole to a caucus of Democratic
Senators, to determine first whether we should
take action at all; and if action, to endeavor to
give that action proper form. 1 was not present
at the caucus meetings when these subjects were
discussed; but I was one of the committee to
whom the resolutions were referred, and I con-
curred in their sentiments, though I preferred to
have one of them in different language; and it is
mainly because the majority of the committee
overruled my views that I trouble the Senate at
present.
The fourth resolution reads as follows:
" i. Resolved, That neither Congress nor a Territorial
Legislature, whether by direct legislation or legislation of
an mdiiect and unfriendly character, possess power to an-
nul o) impair the constitutional light ot" any citizen of the
Umt'*d States to take Ins slave pioperty into the common
Territories and theiehold and enjoy the same while the
territorial condition iema;W
JXfow, Mr. President, having at one time ex-
pressed opinions somewhat inconsistent with the
sentiments of this resolution, it is due to myself
to say that I shall vote for it, because I believe
the doctrines enunciated by the Supreme Court,
in the case of Dred Scott, cover and sustain every
point presented in this resolution. I am aware,
sir, that it is considered by some that the differ-
ence amongst our friends in 1854, as to the au-
thority of a Territorial Legislature over the
subject of slavery, was to be decided on a case
carried directly from a Territory to the Supreme
Court of the United States; but that objection, it
seems to me, is more special and technical than
substantial. What does it matter as to the case,
so that the law is laid down r I had supposed
the deceion was to be accepted whenever a case
should arise in which it was necessary to lay
down the constitutional law on the subject. With
this view, sir, 1 feel required, in my capacity of
representative and citizen, to accept the opinion
of the Supreme Court in the ciisg of Dred Scott
as an authoritative exposition of the constitu-
tional condition of slavery in the States and Ter-
ritories, and the powers and duties of Congress
in reference thereto; and, without any attempt at
argument on this point, I hold that the principle
of constitutional law, so clearly and emphatically
laid down in that opinion, must inevitably, when-
ever and wherever, and as often as applied, deny
to Congress and a Territorial Legislature the
right to establish or abolish slavery in a Terri-
tory, or to exclude slaves or any other species
of property therefrom. This is decision enough
for me; and in support of what I have said, I
will read a few extracts from the opinion of the
Chief Justice, together with the syllabus of the
case, as stated in Howard's Reports, and which,
it is said, was revised by the Chief Justice him-
self.
in the nineteenth volume of Howard's Reports,
page 395, it is stated that the Supreme Court of
the United Slates decided in the Dred Scott case,
as follows:
u 1. The Tcriitoiy thus acquhed i* ncquned by the peo-
ple of the United States tor their common and equal ben-
efit, through their agent and trustee, the Federal Govern-
ment. Congress can exeieisc no powei ovei the rights of
persons or property ot' a citizen in the Temtoiy, which ic
prohibited by the Constitution. The Government and the
citizen, whenever the Tcrritoiy is open to settlement, both
enter it with thuir respective right* defined and limited by
the Constitution.
"2. Congress have no right to prohibit the citizens of
any particular State or States from taking up their home
there, while it permits citizens of other States to do f.o.
Nor has it aright to give puvileges to one class of citi-
zens which it lefuses to another. The Territory is ac-
quired for their equal and common benefit, and li op„n to
any, it must be open to all upon equal and the same term1*.
" 3. Evcyy citizen has a light to take with him into the
Teiritory any article of pioperty which the Constitution ot
the United States recognizes as properly.
"4. The Constitution of the United Slates recognizes
slaves as property, and pledges the Federal Government to
protect it. And Congress: cannot cxeieise any mure author-
ity over property of that description than it may constitu-
tionally exercise over propeity of any other kind.
" o. The act of Congress, therelore, prohibiting a citizen
of the United States taking with him his slaves when he
removes to the Territory in question to reside, is an exer-
cise of authority over private pioperty which is not wai-
ranted by the Constitution, and the removal of the plain-
tiff by his owner to that Territory gave him no title to
freedom.
"6. While it remains a Territory, Congress may legislate
over it within the scope of its constitutional powers m re-
lation to citizens of the United States, and may establish a
territorial government, and the form of tins local govern-
ment must he regulated by the discretion of Congress; but
with powers not exceeding those which Congress ltsf-lf by
the Constitution is authouzed to exeicise over citizens of
the United States in respect to their rights of persons or
rights of propeity."'
The court, in discussing the power of Congress
andaTerntorial Legislature,laid down the follow-
ing principles, which clearly warrant the opinion
which I have expressed:
"The powers over peison and property of which we
speak are not only not granted to Congress, but aie in ei-
press tettfH denied, and they aie toibidden to exercise
itiein. And this psolubition not confined to the States,
but the words are geneial, and extend to the whole terri-
tory over which the Constitution gives it power to legis-
late, including those portions of it remaining under territo-
rial government, as well as that coveted l>> States, it is a
total absence of power everywhere within the dominion of
the United States, and places the citizens of a Terntoiy,
so far as these rights arc concerned, on the same looting
with the citizens ot the States, and guards them as firmly
and plainly against any inroads which the General Govern-
ment might attempt, under the plea of implied or iiieidenul
powers. And if Congress itselt cannot do this, if it is be-
yond tiie powers conteired on the Fedeial Government;, it
will be admitted, we presume, that it could not authorize
a territorial government to exercise them. Jt could confer
no power on any local government, established by its au-
thority, to violate the provisions of the Constitution.
"And ll the Constitution recognizes the right of prop-
erty ot the master in a slave, and makes no distinction be-
tween that description of property and other property owned
by a citizen, no tribunal, acting under the authority of the
United States"—
And surely the Territorial Legislatures, when
organized, are acting under our authority 
" no tribunal, acting under the authority of the United
States, whether it be legislative, executive, or judicial, has
a right to draw such a distinction, or denv to it the benefit
of the provisions and guarantees which* have been pro-
vided for tiie protection of private property against the en-
croachments of the Government.'"
This theory, laid down by the court, is the more
acceptable because it is in such beautiful harmony
with the great principle of equality among the
States, as expressly enunciated in the Constitu-
tion. The States are equal in rights and privi-
leges, and the doctrine of the Supreme Court
shows that that principle of equality must be ob-
served in the use und enjoyment of the common
domain, the joint property of the States, acquired
by the blood and treasure of all the States. The
States being equals under the Constitution, the
citizens of each and all the States must enjoy an
unconditional right to go into the common Terri-
tories with their property, including slaves, and
when there be maintained by the Government in
the use and enjoyment of that property, so long
as the joint ownership or the territorial condition
remains. And further, Congress being only the
agent or trustee of the States to take care of this
common estate, can make no rule, l§w, or regula-
tion, in reference thereto, calculated or intended
to prejudice the rights, interests, or opportunities
of the common owners. They must be permitted
to stand where the Constitution and the simplest
principles of justico and equity place them—as
equals. And Congress not being vested with au-
thority to do these things, cannot, as the court
has so justly said, delegate it to a Territorial
Legislature.
The case then comes down to this; it has been
judicially determined that slaves arc property;
and, I believe, no one will deny this. And it has
also been determined, by the same tribunal, that
the owner of that species of property has a right
to carry it with him into the common Territories.
Then what remains to be settled? What point of
dispute is undecided? Surely it will not be con-
tended that this property is not to be taken care
of as completely as any other species. The pro-
tection and maintenance of the lights of person
and property is the highest duty of Government.
A Government that cannot do this is a failure. A
Government that fails or refuses to do this is a de-
lusion and a fraud—the word of promise to the
ear to be broken to the hope.
Now, Mr. President, a word on the subject of
non-intervention, and then i shall have done with
this question. Some of our friends hold that the
adoption of these resolutions involves the aban-
donment of the doctrine of non-intervention. For
one, I do notso understand it. There is no dec-
laration in these resolutions committing us to an
interference to establish or abolish slavery, or to
interfere with that question m any way in the
Territories. The very reverse is the leading idea
of this whole theory. It recognizes the sover-
eignty and the independence of the States, as also
their right to an equal enjoyment of the common
property. There is no committal to intervention.
It leaves the Democratic doctrine where it has
long been. The principle is non-intervention; the
policy is non-intervention. These resolutions
simply declare that if, at any time, the executive
and judicial branches of the Government should
be unable to maintain the rights of property in
the Territories, it will be the duty of Congress
to supply the necessary remedies; that is all. It
is a committal to maintain constitutional rights.
That cannot interfere with the doctrine of non-
intervention. There are exceptions to the best
of rules. You all remember that, in 1850, wcfelt
required to repeal certain laws that had been en-
acted in the Territory of Kansas; yet I do not
know that it was generally claimed that by that
act we had abandoned the doctrine of non-inter-
vention. The distinguished Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] on the 12th of June, 1857, in a
speech at Springfield, proposed the revocation of
the organic act of Utah, to meet the exigencies in
that Territory. 1 do not know that ever he was
