1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PORTER. I wish to bring back this
House—[shouts of "Order!" "Read!" "Hear
him!"]—I wish to bring back this House to the
point of departure.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to ask a
question. [Shoutsof " Order! "and great uproar.]
Mr. MILES. I want the Clerk to say who is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My question is
this, whether I did not .rise and obtain the floor,
and yield it to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina ?
Mr. MILES. That is very true.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If that is the posi-
tion of things, then I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will be permitted to go on.
Mr. RUFFIN. I insist on my objection.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that he
understood the gentleman from South Carolina to
yield the floor to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Porter,] for some purpose, he knows not
what, for a brief period, and the gentleman from
Indiana was recognized as being upon the floor
by the consent of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina. When the gentleman from Indiana was
about proceeding, and had commenced some re-
mark, the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Rbffin] objected. The Clerk does not under-
stand that there is any rule by which the floor
can be taken away from a gentleman after he is
upon it and in progress of his remarks.
Mr. RUFFIN. I think I objected before the
gentleman got the floor. [Cries of "Not at all!"
from the Republican benches.] I think nothing
of this kind should be carried on here. I think
it disreputable to the House to have this%lterca-
tion carried on at this time of day and in this con-
fusion. Let us adjourn till to-morrow, and then
these gentlemen can come here, and, so far as I
am concerned, they may carry on their personal
quarrel for six hours, if they like. I am willing
to listen to them that long, but no longer.
The CLERK. The gentleman from North Car-
olina will permit the Clerk to say that he heard
no objection until the gentleman from Indiana had
commenced his remarks.
Mr. McRAE. I hope the gentleman- from In-
diana will send that paper to the desk and let the
Clerk read it. [Cries of "Order!"] We can-
not all hear it if he reads it himself.
Mr. PORTER. I repeat, sir, that I wish to
bring the House back to the point of departure.
Mr. McRAE. Send up the paper.
Mr. PORTER. It will be recollected 
Mr. McRAE. We do not want discussion.
[Cries of "Order!"] The floor was yielded that
that paper might be read. [Shouts of "Hear
him! "Keep still!" "Order!"] Send up the
paper and let us hear it read. [Renewed shouts
of " Order!" and great confusion.]
Mr. PORTER. I will send it up in a moment.
I am not going to make a speech. The House
will recollect 
Mr. McRAE. The House knows everything
that has transpired. [Laughter and cries of
"Order!"] Does the gentleman think we have
no memories ? [Renewed laughter and continued
shouts of "Order!" from the Republican side of
the Hall.] Send up the paper and let us hear it
read. [Great upsoar.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I shall claim the
floor for my motion to adjourn if this goes on
much longer.
Mr. McRAE. I insist that the paper must be
read from the desk, where we can all hear and
understand it. [Shouts of" Order !"]
Mr. GROW. Is the gentleman from Missis-
sippi entitled to the floor ?
Mr. McRAE. I call the gentleman fi om Penn-
sylvania to order. [Laughter and confusion.]
The CLERK. Gentlemen are respectfully re-
quested to take their seats and come to order. The
gentleman from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PORTER. Mr. Clerk, I asked my col-
league, as the House will beartne witness, cour-
teously, whether he had not, upon the stump and
at a public meeting in Indianapolis, where thou-
sands were assembled to hear him, stated that he
did not indorse the Dred Scott decision ? My col-
league replied that he had not made such a state-
ment. I then simply asked that a passage from
the Indiana State Sentinel, the recognized organ
of the Democracy of Indiana, in favor of Judge
Docglas for the Presidency, might be read at the
Clerk's desk. I now send it up, and ask that it
may be read.
Mr DAVIS, of Indiana. That is right. • I
should never have objected to that. I want it
read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to know 
Mr. PORTER. I do not yield the floor.
[Loud cries of "Read!" " Read!" from, all
parts of the Hall.]
The Clerk read, as follows :
" Mr. Davis said: It was given out in high quarters, by
many Lecompton men, that the Constitution of the United
States takes slavery into all its Territories and makes them
slave Territories in absence of local law. Does a single
Demociat entertain this doctrine ? (No, no.) Any candi-
date nominated for the Presidency in 1860, that takes the
ground that the Constitution cairies slavery into the Teiri-
tories without local law, cannot carry a single township
north of Mason and Dixon's line. Yet the Administration
of our choice have come forward and say that the Consti-
tution takes slavery into all our Territories. It was charged
by the Opposition, in 1856, that the Democracy were the pio-
slavery party, and that they intended to make ' slavery na-
tional and freedom sectional.' If the doctrine of the Pres-
ident be true, that the Constitution without local law takes
slavery into the Territories, then oui Republican fi rends
were corieet. I enter my solemn protest against this new
doctrine. No public man of anv distinction, within my
knowledge, except John C. Calhoun, ever intimated that
the Constitution took slavery into territories without ex-
isting local laws. That docti me took Mr. Calhoun down the
stieam of time politically, and will take Mr. Buchanan and
his Administiation. It remains for Mi. Buchanan to revive
this old dogma and put it forth as Democratic (loctrme,
and if I denounce him, I am to be denounced as a rene-
gade."
Mr. PORTER. Now, Mr. Clerk, I am willing
that the question between my colleague and my-
self may go to the country. [Derisive laughter,
and cries "Oh!" "Oh! from the Democratic
benches.] I believe that there is not a Democrat
upon this floor who will not say that that is an
open declaration against the Drod Scott decis-
ion. [Renewed cries of" Oh!" " Oh!" and laugh-
ter.] I say more, that that is a mere synopsis, as
my colleague has stated, of what he said on that
occasion; and I venture to assert that his friends,
and he has very many of them, who are true
anti-Lecompton men, will be surprised when they
hear a declaration from him that, in his canvass
and before the people assembled at the anti-Le-
compton convention at Indianapolis, he did not
denounce the Dred Scott decision.
Now, sir, as to the personal passage between
my colleague and myself. I am surprised that the
gentleman, whom I treated courteously upon this
floor, should attempt to divert the minds of the
Democracy from the real issue between us by
attempting to get up a personal passage. I have
this to say, that I have never been afraid of the
intellect or the courage of my colleague from Indi-
ana. I hope to get along upon this floor without
these personal passages. The gentleman has in-
timated that I, or that some person, has been ex-
hibiting this paper in this House. That is not
true. One or two of my colleagues, understand-
ing that the paper was in my possession, called
for it, and two other gentlemen called upon me
for it; but I have never exhibited it to mortal man
without its being first demanded; and not more
than five persons' in this House, I am sure, ever
saw it whilst it was in my possession.
That makes no difference, however. I under-
stand that when a public man has made a public
declaration in this country, he is willing that
it should stand before the country, and that no
public man, with a proper sentiment of honor,
will shrink from the exposition of his published
opinions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. So far as the gen-
tleman's care about me and my constituents, and
my responsibility to them for my action here, is
concerned, I desire now to say, once for all, that
I will take care of that if he will attend to his own
business. It is noneof his business northe busi-
ness of any man, colleague or not, what I do
here. I am responsible to my constituents, and
to them alone, for my conduct here.
Mr. Clerk, one word here, and I think I will
fasten it right upon him, so that gentlemen of the
House may understand the intention of this move-
ment. My colleague [Mr. Porter] got up here
and said I had denounced the Dred Scott decision,
and that it could be established by the paper which
he has had read at the Clerk's desk. I said, then,
that it was false, and the very paper he has had read
proves that my declaration was true and that his
charge was false, for the words "Dred Scott" are
not mentioned in it. [Derisive laughter on the
Republican'side. 1 Just hold on, gentlernen.' I
say, that in what I said I never mentioned the sub-
ject. I never denounced the Dred Scott decision,
and when gentlemen charge me with denouncing
that decision, I repeat that they charge a false-
hood, and I put the brand upon it right, here:
What I did say about it, I mentioned a moment
ago. I obey the decisions of the Supreme Court
of this country; I respect them all; I will obey
them all; but I have a perfect right to put my own
construction upon them, and in doing so I differ
with the President of the United States in.the con-
struction which he has put upon that decision.
But when gentlemen come here and tell me that
I denounced the Dred Scott decision, I charged
that it was false, and I charge so now.
Mr. DUNN. I regret, Mr. Clerk  .
Mr. MILES. I wish to know whether I am
entitled to the floor?
Mr. DUNN. When I am charged with false-
hood I like to have an opportunity of answering
it.
Mr KEITT,,(in his seat.) Oh, answer itelSe-
where.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Clerk, no one can regret
more than I do, being involved in a question of
veracity upon this floor, or elsewhere, with my
colleague. I should have taken no part in this
discussion, if I did not feel that it was due to my
colleague from the Indianapolis district, [Mr.
Porter,] when he was assailed, as I said before,
in a rude manner, to come in and bear my testi-
mony to that which I knew from my knowledge
of the course pursued by the gentleman .
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 'I gave way for an
inquiry, and not for a speech.
Mr. DUNN. When I am charged with false-
hood I do not make inquiries, I make statements.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. When I charge you
with falsehood you can answer it in anotherplace.
Mr. DUNN. Ah, another place! That is a
very convenient way for gentlemen to ventilate
their bravery here.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Not at all.
Mr. DUNN. If any gentleman thinks that I
here or elsewhere do him a personal wrong, he
can take personal satisfaction when it suits his
convenience. [Laughter from the Democratic
side.] '
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That is all right.
Mr. MILES. I must protest that I did not
yield the floor for personal altercations. I do not
think this is the place to settle questions of ve-
racity.
Mr. DUNN. This is just the place and iust
the time when this question has got to be settled.
Mr. MILES. I really think that I have yielded
as far as any gentleman can expect.
Mr. DUNN. I have the floor, and I insist on
keeping it until this matter is settled.
Mr. MILES. If the gentleman insists on keep-
ing the floor, which he obtained from me by cour-
tesy, and if he does it for a purpose for which I
did not yield, he is guilty of discourtesy himself.
Mr. DUNN. I understand the floor to be
yielded by my colleague.
Mr. MILES. While I yield the floor to gen-
tlemen in order that they may define their posi-
tions, and while all these definitions look forward
in some degree to an organization of the House,
and to the practical work and primary duty now
before us, 1 am not willing to yield for endless
controversies and personal altercations, which are
certainly entirely out of place in a deliberative
body. .
Mr. DUNN. I will not ask you to yield.
Mr. MILES. I wish to go on, and say all I
intended to say.
Mr. DUNN. Well, go on; and I will stand
here till I get the chance.
Mr. MILES. When the gentleman from New
York yielded me the floor, he was about making
a motion that the House adjourn. If gentlemen
now desire to adjourn, and that I shall have the
floor to-morrow, [cries of "No!" "No!"] I
will yield for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I object to that.
Mr. MILES. If, on the contrary, the House
is not willing to adjourn, I will go on with what
I have to sav.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the gen-
tleman yielding the floor for a motion to adjourn,
or for any other purpose than to allow the gen-
