352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januarv 6.
tleman .from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] to finish his
explanation. -
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If my friend from
South Carolina will yield me the floor for that
purpose, I will move that the House adjourn,
with the understanding that the gentleman from
South Carolina shall bo entitled to the floor in the
mottling, and that other gentlemen who are de-
sirous of explaining their views or their positions
in respect to these personal altercations, shall also
have tin opportunity. I move that the Hous6
adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I call for the
yeas and nays upon that motion, for the reason that
the gentleman from Indiana is entitled to finish his
explanation.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I understand, now,
th^t, if the opportunity is given to the gentleman
from Indiana to make an explanation, the House
will then accede to the motion to adjourn, with the
understanding that the gentleman from South Car-
olina shall have the floor in the morning. [Cries
of "Yes!" "Yes!"] Then,I am willing to take
that course.
Mr. MILES. I will only say that my object,
though a different one when I rose, has been in
some measure changed,-for I am delighted with
the turn this discussion has taken. I like to see
these explanations. I like to see men come out
and show their hands. I like to sqc every indi-
vidual on the floor of this House ready at any
time to announce his opinions, define his position,
and tell us what he will or will not do; and not as
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Clark] did
the other day—consume an hour 111 showing us
how we could not organize, without giving one
single suggestion which could result in anything
practical. [Loud laughter in all parts of the
House.]
Mr. DUNN. Permit me, in the first place, to
apologize to the gentleman from South Carolina
for my apparent rudeness in insisting upon occu-
pying his time. I supposed I had the floor by leave
' of my colleague, [Mr. Davis. ) I beg leave to say
to the gentleman from South Carolina, that 1
trust I shall upon no occasion, while a member of
this House, be found wanting in that gentlemanly
courtesy which I have obseived with so much
pleasure in all his deportment in this House.
Mr. MILES. I had no idea of charging dis-
courtesy upon the gentleman, because t saw in-
stantly that he did not intend anything discour-
teous. I merely said that if ho were to go on in
his remarks to do something which would be dis-
courteous to his colleague, to whom I had pre-
viously yielded the floor, it would be placing mo
in a false position, as it would be allowing him to
do, as it were by indirection, what his colleague
had positively refused to him.
Mr. DUNK. I have no doubt., sir, if the quiet
and order of this House had permitted the gentle-
man from South Carolina to hear mo, he would,
from his acknowledged observance of the rules,
and the good feeling which exists among gentle-
men, have cheerfully given me an opportunity to
reply to my colleague, when he charged mo with
uttering upon this floor that which was false.
Mr. CONKLING. And willfully false.
Mr. DUNN. Yes, sir-, and that which wan
Willfully false. 1 am not accustomed to hear such
language as that from any quarter; and I beg to
ftay to my colleague that I now speak toth( people
of Indiana, who know him, who know tins gen-
tleman, [Mr. Porter,] and who know me. 1
believe even m our courts of justice that, by the
mouth of two witnesses, tiu,th may at any time be
established. We have two here,"and one also in
the paper which has been read.
The gentleman says that he did not, in his can-
vass, nor in the speech referred to, denounce the
Dred Scott decision. What course he pursued in
his canvass 1 am not able, from my personal
knowledge, to say. 1 could speak from informa-
tion, but I decline to do it. There are thousands
of living witnesses who will read this delxite who
know what he did say, and in due time, it is
probable, they will give that information to the
country. 1 heard his speech, as I have said be-
fore, made in Indianapolis, upon an occasion
when the friends of Judge Douglas in Indiana
weie assembled there in mass meeting to express
their feelings in regard to him and this Adminis-
tration. It was a meeting held in the largest hall
in Indiana,and that hall was crowded toitsutmost
Capacity. There were upon the platform some of
the ablest men of the State, who had grown grey
in.the Democratic ranks, and they with him upon
tliat occasion used that language which is so fa-
miliar to Republican ears—that language which
Republicans are accustomed to hear from their
own speakers upon such occasions, so far as the
Dred Scott decision is concerned.
The gentleman says that he did not denounce
the Dred Scott decision. What did the people of
Indiana mean ? what did he mean ? what did I
mean? when we talked about the Dred Scott de-
cision before tl\e people of Indiana? Was it that
question, in itself so unimportant when compared
with the other parts of the decision, whether a
negro could be a citizen ? I venture to say that
neither he nor his people understood that was the
question discussed. We regarded that as a minor
question. What we discussed of that Dred Scott
decision was, whether the view expressed by the
President as contained in that decision, and that
view held by you gentlemen of the South—I am
glad to see that you recognize it upon this occa-
sion—was, or was not the law of the land, and the
doctrine of the Democratic party. The fiercest
Abolitionist that ever stepped upon the soil of In-
diana, or helped John Brown in his raid into Vir-
ginia, never denounced that decision with more
bitterness, and, I mightsay, with more force, than
did my colleague. As to his charge of falsehood,
I leave that with the people of Indiana, by whom
we are all known.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at twenty-five minutes past four o'Uock,
p. m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January G, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. D. Haley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK. The question recurs first upon
the admissibility of the resolution offered yester-
day by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Montgomery;] and on that question the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Miles] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. MILES addressed the House. [His speech
will be published in the Appendix.] During the
delivery of the speech, the following interruptions
took place:
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman from South
Carolina permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. MILES. Certainly.
Mr. HASKIN. The gentleman from South
Carolina has referred to those anti-Lccompton
Democrats who have seen fit to vote for the gen-
tleman whom the Republicans support as their
candidate for Speaker, and alleges that, in conse-
quence of that vote, they weie to be classed with
the Republican party m future. I desire to know
from the gentleman from South Carolina whether
thos'"' gentlemen who voted for Mr. Maynard—
who, I well rocollect, in his speech in favor of the
admission of Kansas under the Lecompton con-
stitution, took high ground in favor of American
principles, and in favor of a twenty-years' resi-
dence before a party should be Governor of Kan-
sas—I ask him whether, upon his principle of
making Republicans, those gentlemen upon the
other side who have voted for an American arc
thereby Americans?
Mr. MILES. 1 will answer the gentleman that
in my judgment, I do not think they are. [Laugh-
ter front* the Republican side.]
Mr. HASKIN. Why not?
Mr. MILES. The gentleman must excuse me.
I will answer any questions lie may ask cheer-
fullyand frankly anu shortly; but he must excuse
me if I decline, not only to answer his questions,
but^to give the reasons for answering them as I
do. I do not think that fair. But I am willing
to give him my reason for the answerl have made.
I do not think that those who voted for Mr. May-
nard can fairly be called Americans, because, in
the first place, it was announced again and again
on the floor of the House thatMr. Maynard was
not an American, and never had been a member
of the American order; and, m the next place, I
will say further, that I, for one, although opposed
to the American party, and their principles and
objects, as much as any man, perhaps, in the
whole country, would rather vote for an American
than for a Republican; and that, I presume, is the
view that influenced other gentlemen on this side
of the House.
Mr. HASKIN. I would ask the gentleman if
the voting of an American for the Democratic can-
didate constitutes him a Democrat?
Mr. MILES. I will say that at the time Mr.
Maynard was voted for on this side of the House,
there was no Democratic nominee then up. I
understand the gentleman's last question to be
whether the fact that Mr. Maynard voted for Mr.
Bocock, made Mr. Bocock an American.
Mr. HASKIN. I only wanted to show that
in this election of a presiding officer for this House,
according to the gentleman's own reasoning, it is
purely a matter of taste whom a member shall
vote for. I had supposed that national conven-
tions were the proper bodies to determine the
Democracy or Republicanism of individuals. •*
Mr. MILES. Let me ask the gentleman this
question; on the same line of argument, does the
gentleman's vote for the Republican nominee
make him a Republican or not?
Mr. HASKIN., It does not, for I have dis-
tinctly announced this heretofore on this floor.
Mr. MILES. Then the gentleman has already
answered the question which he originally asked
me.
Mr. HASKIN. I asked you to answer the
| question, but you have not done me that favor.
'• Mr. MILES. I thought I had answered it very
distinctly.
Mr. HASKIN. No, sir, you have not.
Mr. MILES. Repeat your question, and I will
answer it more explicitly if I can.
Mr. HASKIN. My question is, whether the
fact that tho Democrats, so-called, have voted for
Mr. Maynard, who was an elector at large in
the State of Tennessee for Fillmore and Donel-
son, who were members of the American-party,
although it is said that he himself never belonged
to the order, and who made a strong speech last
session in favor of American principles—whether
the fact that Democrats voted for Mr. Maynard,
a member of the American party, made them ipso
facto Americans?
Mr. MILES. To which I reply most dis-
tinctly that, in my judgment, it did not.
Mr. HASKIN. Then I am satisfied.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to remind the gen-
\leman from New York that Mr. Fillmore was
the nominee of the Whig party as well as of the
Ameiican party.
Mr. HASKIN. I would ask if Mr. Donelson
was not a member of the American order?
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that Mr. Fill-
more and Mr. Donelson were both members of
the American order.
Mi. MILES. Oh, that is an old issue. Mr.
Fillmore is dead and buried. It is no use attempt-
ing to resurrect such issues. I am trying, as far
as possible, to talk practically. The fact that
many of us voted for Mr. Maynard, who un-
doubtedly had affiliations with the Americans—
none of us question that—only shows what I said
myself jn the commencement of my remarks this
morning, that we are willing tp yield something
in order to accomplish what we believe a great
and patriotic object, and to vote for an Anitrican.
I am willing to say that I will vote for an out-and-
out American.
Mr. HASKIN. I will say that I am equally
liberal. I have voted for Mr. Gilmer, a south-
ern gentleman and slaveowner, the nominee of
the American party for Speaker, and I will vote
for him again if we can elect him. I have seen,
however, that gentlemen upon the opposite side
of the House, who are in favor of the Lecomp-
ton policy of the Administration, would not vote
for Mr. Gilmer because he opposed that policy.
He was the representative of the American party
in this House fof Speaker, and I voted for him
because he is opposed to the Administration,and
from a desire to organize the House.
Mr. MILES. "With reference to that, I did
not vote for Mr. Gilmer, and I would not* vote
for him under any circumstances; but Mr. Gil-
mer is not now, I understand, a candidate before
the House, and I do not care to pursue that mat-
ter very far. I will say, however, that in the exer-
