2316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
charged with abandoning the doctrine of non-
intervention for that reason. It was simply rec-
ognizing the necessity for an exception to the
general rule of non-intervention.
But, Mr. President, I have said all I intend to
say. I did not rise for the purpose of making a
speech or an argument, but simply to explain
myself on one or two of the main points involved
in these resolutions.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to make a speech upon the resolutions of
the Senator from Mississippi. I merely desire
to present a few remarks to define my own indi-
vidual position. When these resolutions were
under the consideration of the caucus of th  Dem-
ocratic Senators, and when they were agreed to
by that caucus, it was with a reservation upon
my part that I might be permitted to offer any
amendment to them in the Senate that my judg-
ment might dictate. I had determined, at one
time, to offer two amendments by way of sub-
stitute to the fifth resolution of the series. I have,
however, come to the determination not to offer
any amendments whatever; because I do not wish
to embarrass the resolutions themselves, or any
of their friends. I will read the resolutions which
I intended to offer by way of amendment, and
which come up to what I consider to be the true
and proper line that the southern States ought to
demand as the full measure of their rights. The
fifth resolution of the series offered by the Senator
from Mississippi is in the following words:
" Resolved, That if experience should at any time prove
that the judicial and executive authority do not possess
means to insure'adequate protection to constitutional rights
ill a Territory, and it' the territorial government should 1'ail
or refuse to provide the necessary lemedies lor that pur-
pose, it will be the duty of Congress to supply such defi-
ciency."
I now read the resolutions which express my
opinions in relation to the power and duty of
Congress upon that subject:
Resolved, That Congress possesses the sole power, under
tile Constitution, and as trustee of the public domain, to
legislate for the Territories of the United States ; but may,
in its wisdom and discretion, confcr that power upon the
territorial governments to the extent, and only to the ex-
tent, of its own jurisdiction.
Resolved, That Congress has power, as aforesaid, to le-
gislate for the protection and enjoyment of all propeity
carried into the Territories by the citizens of the several
States emigrating to the same ; and that it i« the duty of
Congress, in the tormation of every territorial government,
to provide for such protection and enjoyment, either by di-
rect and positive legislation, or by conferring Mich power
upon the territorial governments, and enforcing its piompt
and faithful exercise.
Those resolutions, Mr. President, in my opin-
ion, contain the true enunciation of the rights of
the southern people. I believe that Congress has
the power of legislation upon this subject. 1 be-
lieve that the lerritories arc the common prop-
erty of all the people of the United States; that
all the citizens of the United States have a right
to go into this common territory for occupancy
and settlement; and in emigrating to these Terri-
tories, they have the right to carry any property
with them which is recognized as property, cither
by the Constitution of the United States, or by the
constitution and laws of the States from which
they remove. They have the right to go into these
Territories with their property of every descrip-
tion; and when they get into the Territories, they
have the undoubted right to the peaceablc enjoy-
ment and protection of that property during the
cxistcnce of the territorial go\ernmcnts. I believe
that Congress possesses the sole right to give that
protection to which all parties are entitled. I con-
sider it the duty of Congress to recognize at all
times the existence of these rights on the part of
the citizens of all the States.
In granting this power to Congress, I utterly
deny that Congress has the power to prohibit or
to destroy any property which the citizens of the
several States may carry into the Territories.
The power to protect does not involve the power
to destroy. 1 he power to regulate does not in-
volve the right to impair. The people of the south-
ern States have the undoubted right, the equal'
right, to go into the Territories with their prop-
erty, such as is recognized by the Constitution of
the United States, and by the constitution and
laws of their own States; and going into the Ter-
ritorieswith this property, that jurisdiction which
has the power over the Territories is bound, by
every obligation of good faith, to pass laws for
the protection of that property as long as the coun-
try remains in a territorial condition. When the
Territory comes to form a constitution to be ad-
mitted into the Union as a State, exercising in-
choate powers as a sovereignty, they then can de-
cide for themselves in reference to their future
State, as a sovereignty, whether they shall have
slavery or not; and Congress should admit the
new State into the Union with such institutions
as they may themselves prescribe for their own
government, provided they are not opposed to the
Constitution of the United States, and to a repub-
lican form of Government.
The resolution of the Senator from Mississippi,
to which I have referred, does not, in my opin-
ion, come up fully to the true line. It does not
recognize the duty of Congress, at all times and
under all circumstances, to protect slave property
in the Territories. I consider it to be the duty of
Congress, in the establishment of territorial gov-
ernments, to give protection by congressional le-
gislation. I consider it the duty of Congress, in
advance, to recognize the right of the southern
people to move into the Territories with their
slave property, and to have it protected during
the time they are there. Therefore it is that,
when a territorial government is formed by Con-
gress, it becomes the duty of Congress then to
recognize the right of the southern people to go
into the Territory with their property, and to
Fass laws which shall provide for its protection.
should not require a slave code. I should not
require all the particular minutias of domestic in-
stitutions. I would take the common law of
Great Britain ma general form, which sufficiently
recognizes the existence of servitude; which rec-
ognizes the relations between master and slave,
regulates those relations, defines the rights of
owners, and applies remedies for their violation.
It has been said by some eminent jurists that
the common law of Great Britain exists in the Ter-
ritories of the United States. I do not believe that
the common law of Great Britain docs, in proprio
vigore, go into the Territories of the United States.
The common law of Great Britain, which is the
law of a foreign Government, is no more estab-
lished in any portion of the United States than the
laws of China or any other Government except
by adoption. The common law of Great Britain
is not in force in any State of this Union, ex-
cept by a statute which adopts and makes it the
law of the State. I know, at least, that we have
in Georgia what is called an adopting statute; and
it is by virtue of that statute that the common law
is in force. It declares that all the common law
of Great Britain, and such of their statutes as are
not inconsistent with the constitution and laws of
Georgia, which were in force anterior to the Dec-
laration of Independence, should be in. force in
the State of Georgia, until otherwise modified or
changed. It became necessary, I apprehend, in
every State to pass such an adopting statute, or
at any rate to adopt them, eitherby positive legis-
lation or by general concurrence and prescription.
I am not aware that there is any statute of the
United States which carries the common law into
the Territories of the United States; and I do not
believe that the common law can be enforced in
the Territories, unless it shall be expressl y adopted
by statute enacted by Congress. I would be sat-
isfied, therefore, with the general adoption of the
provisions of the common-law system of Great
BriLain in the Territories in a teriitoiial bill; be-
cause that would recognize the existence of legal
servitude, and the relations between master and
slave; it would define the rights of the master, and
would give remedies for the violation of these
rights. The courts, of course, would apply those
remedies. But without some express provision
of Congress recognizing the right of the parties to
go into the Territories with their property; with-
out some express provision legislating for the pro-
tection and regulation of that property, and es-
tablishing remedies, there is no tribunal, in my
opinion, that can give this relief. There would be
no law existing m the Territories which prescribed
the rights of owners, or would provide to them
remedies for the violation of those rights. Sir,
the very necessity is recognized in express terms
in the Kansas-Nebraska bill; because one clause
of the bill expressly declares that the power of the
Territorial Legislature shall extend to all rightful
subjects of legislation not inconsistent with the
Constitution ofthe United States or with the terms
of the organic act, thus recognizing the necessity
of future legislation upon all subjects affecting the
rights and interests of the people.
Again, sir: if the people of the Territory had
the power upon the mere establishment of the
territorial government, as has been contended for
with so much earnestness and pertinacity by the
distinguished Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] to pass any laws which they might think
best for the regulation and protection of property,
or for its exclusion or abolition, if they had un-
limited sovereign power immediately upon the pas-
sage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and the forma-
tion of their government, I would ask him, an5
any other man of common sense, whence the ne-
cessity of conferring this power upon the Territo-
rial Legislature by the bill itself? If the Terri-
torial Legislature could act upon all subjects of
legislation, independent of the power given by
Congress, where was the necessity of introducing
such a provision in the bill ? Why confer a power
by the bill if it existed already in the people of
the Territory? Sir, the power does not exist in
the Territory. They cannot legislate upon any
subject in which the power is not conferred upon
them by Congress. The Congress of the United
States, in my opinion, has exclusive jurisdiction
over the Territories—I do not say unlimited ju-
risdiction. Exclusive jurisdiction docs not con-
fer in all cases unlimited jurisdiction. Congress
has, by the express provisions of the Constitu-
tion, exclusive jurisdiction over the District of
Columbia—the power of exclusive legislation.
No other power upon earth can legislate for the
District of Columbia; but that does not confer
unlimited power to legislate upon all subjects
whatever which, in the wisdom or discretion of
Congress, they might think necessary and proper
for the benefit of the people of the District. Con-
gress has exclusive jurisdiction over the Territo-
ries, and the Territorial Legislature can exercise
no power, in my opinion, that is not conferred
upon them by Congress. If, therefore, Congress
has this power, it becomes the duty of Congress
to exercise it for the common benefit of all the
States,and of all the people of the States, who are
equal in point of sovereignty and the enjoyment
of the rights of persons aiid property under the
Constitution.
The objection that I have to the fifth resolution
under debate, is simply that it does not go far
enough. I will read it again:
" That if experience should at any time prove that the
executive and judicial power do not possess means to in-
sure adequate protection to constitutional rights in a Ter-
ritory, and if the territorial government should fail or re-
fuse to provide the necessary remedies for that purpose, it
will be the duty of Congress to supply such deficiency.*"
The resolution proposes to postpone giving
protection until the remedy through the courts
and by the Executive shall be exhausted and fail.
Now, sir, I desire to know what slaveholder will
take his property into a Territory under these
conditions? We all know very well with what
facility the northern States can precipitate their
emigrants into these Territories. They have noth-
ing to carry with them but their carpet-bag con-
taining a suit of clothes. Twenty-five to fifty dol-
lars would take an emigrant from the northern
States, from Massachusetts or Rhode Island, into
any Territory of the United States, and his vote
in fixing the political status of the country would
stand against a man who owned a hundred or a
thousand negroes. What slaveholder, then, own-
ing this valuable property, would be willing to
go into a Territory and run the risk of its protec-
tion by a resort to the uncertain and undefined
remedies to which this resolution points? My
own opinion is that it is inadequate to the occa-
sion, and that, as slaveholders, we are entitled to
know beforehand, and to have an unequivocal
guarantee that when we go into these common
Territories with our slaves we shall, the very mo-
ment we set our foot upon the common soil, have
laws to protect us m the enjoyment of our prop-
erty. We are entitled to it as equals in this Con-
federacy. We are entitled to it as equal owners
of this property. It is a violation of the sover-
eign rights and equality of the States to prohibit
them from exercising this right or to impair it in
any possible form, or to refuse to give it to them,
and to provide for it in advance in order thatthey
may enjoy it to the fullest extent. As a matter
of right and justice, the Federal Government,
therefore, ought to make, and is bound to make,
provision at the very outset, m the formation of
