1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1373
gineers shall receive, when on sea-duty, $2,000; on other
duty, $1.750; and on leave or waiting orders, $1,350. For
the thud five years after date of commission, chief engineers
shall receive, when on sea-duty, $2,250; on other duty,
fl ,900: on leave or waiting orders, $1,500. For the fourth
ve years after date of commission, chief engineers shall
receive, when on sea-duty, $2,500; on other duty, $2,000;
on leave or waiting orders, $1,650. After twenty years from
date of commission, chief engineers shall receive, when on
sea-duty, $2,750; on other duty, $2,150; and on leave or
waiting orders, $1,800.
First assistant engineers shall receive, when on duty at
sea, $1,250; on other duty, $1,150 j on leave or waiting or-
ders, $1,000.
Second assistant engineers shall reccive, when on duty
at sea, $1,000; on other duty, $900; on leave or waiting or-
ders ^750.
Third assistant engineers shall leceive, when on duty at
sea, $750; on other duty, $700; on leave or waiting orders,
$600.
Boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and sail-makers, for the
first five years after the date of warrant, shall i eceive, when
on sea-duty, $1,000; on other duty, §800; on leave or wait-
ing orders, $600. For the second five years after date of
warrant, boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and sail-makers,
shall receive, when on duty at sea, $1,150; on other duty,
$900; on leave or waiting orders, $700. For the third five
years after date of warrant, boatswains, gunners, eaipen-
ters, and sail-makers shall receive, when on duty at sea,
$1,250; on other duty, $1,000; on leave or waiting orders,
$800. For the fourth five years after date of warrant, boat-
swains, gunners, carpenters, and sail-makers shall reccive,
when on duty at sea, $1,350; on other duty, $1,100; on leave
or waiting orders, $900. After twenty years ftom date of
warrant, boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and sail-makers
shall receive, when on duty at sea, $1,450; on other duty,
$1,200; on leave or waiting orders, $1,000: Provided, That
nothing hereinbefore contained shall affect the provisions
of the second section of an act entitled " An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy," approved Febmaiy 28,
1855, regulating the pay of officers promoted to fill the va-
cancies created by the reserved list, otherwise than con-
form said provisions to the higher rate of pay established
by this act: Provided furtHer, That no sail-maker shall be
appointed to fill any vacancy while the number of this class
exceeds twenty in the whole, to which number this class
shall hereafter be limited.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act
contained shall be &o construed as to increase or modify
the present pay of ehiefs of bureaus in the Navy Depart-
ment or the Superintendent of the Naval Observatory.
Sec. 3. And be it. further enacted, That hereafter no ser-
vice shall be regaided as se -service but such as shall bn
performed under the orders of the Navy Depaitment, and
in vessels employed bv authority of law.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act contained shall be held to modify or affect the existing
power of the Secretaiy of the Navy to furlough ofUoer.-=, or
to aflcct the furlough pay. And all acts or parts of acts in
any way affecting the pay of the classes of officers in the
Navy hereinbefore specified, inconsistent with this act, are
hereby repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine moves to amend the bill by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting
what has just been read. Before the vote is taken
on that, it will be competent for the Senate, if they
please, to amend further the original bill, and also
to amend the matter proposed to be inserted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, several
Senators have requested me to explain to them
the. differences between the bill which was re-
ported by the committee, and the substitute which
I have offered; and if the Senators who desire the
explanation will listen to me, I will endeavor to
give it in a very few words, premising, however,
that I am very sorry, so far as I am individually
concerned, that I ever meddled with the subject
at all; for I have had more trouble and bother
with officers of the Navy and those representing
officers of the Navy of all grades applying to me
both by letter and in person, since I first made a
motion in regard to the subjcct, than I should be
willing to incur again.
I have, however, taken the pains to sit down
and carefully consider and examine the whole
subject-matter of the bill offered by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs; and having done that, I have
taken the further trouble to draw that which I
have offered as a substitute, which changes in
some particulars the original bill offered by the
committee, and those particulars I will explain.
Some of the changes are of a trifling character,
and some are of an important character. In the
first place, I have provided in the first section,
with a view to make the matter certain, that the
pay fixed by this bill shall bo in full of all allow-
ances except what is there excepted, to wit: a
ration and ten cents a mile for travel. I have done
that in order that there shall be no dispute when
these matters come to be considered at the De-
partment or elsewhere, about the amount of money
to be paid to each officer, and I have taken further
care to provide that all acts and parts of acts in-
consistent with this should be repealed in order
to make it perfectly certain.
There was one thing that I thought it proper to
correct which was rather a matter of form. The
committee in drawing their bill evidently based the
increase they made on percentages; that is to say,
they took the old pay and they added a percent-
age; and instead of expressing in the bill that it
was so much per cent, increase, they put it down
in dollars and cents. The result of it was that
the hundred dollars was divided up into different
sums, fifty, twenty-five, sixteen, twelve, ten,
eight, and six dollars, and in some cases cents are
brought m, and there are such sums as thirty-three
dollars and thirty-three and a third cents. I thought
that was being entirely too minute, that in fixing
this matter of pay there could be no great necessity
for having a smaller subdivision than fifty dollars,
and I adopted that in all cases.
There is another principle that I adopted, which
I thought would be a useful one in arriving at a
result. I did not stop to inquire particularly
whether it would be a greater ratio of increase in
the one point than in another, or to inquire partic-
ularly how Senators 01- Representatives would be
likely to look at the sums fixed on with a reference
to what had been received before. To be sure
what had been formerly paid was in some degree
a guide; but the question which I asked myself
was, whether the amount allowed afforded a fair
and reasonable compensation to the officer in his
grade; whether it afforded him a fair subsistence,
such as he ought to have, and such as he ought
to receive ? In almost all the cases I have increased
the pay—not m many cases,however, have I in-
creased upon what was allowed by the commit-
tee. In some eases I have fallen short of them,
because I have gone upon the principle I have
stated. I am ready myself to meet the respons-
ibility with reference to this and all other matters
of the same kind, without regard to what any-
body may think, without regard to differences of
grade any further than it is proper to iiave refer-
ence to them, to base the pay on what affords a
fair and reasonable subsistence to the officer in his
grade according to the necessary expenses that he
must incur. You have to consider the age of the
officer, how far he has got along in life, and what
his condition is.
j We have made, I think, a very great mistake
in relation to the pay of the Navy, in supposing
that a man, because he was a passed midshipman,
or midshipman, or something of that sort, and
not a commander, or a captain, was necessarily a
young man. It is not so m many cases. He may
be a young man comparatively, compared with
others, but he comes to be, very frequently, a
man in middle life—a man who has largo respons-
ibilities upon him. So it is with lieutenants; so
it is with every other grade of officers below a
captain. We must not bo misled by the name;
and I believe in framing our pay bills heretofore,
especially m reference to officers of the Navy, we
have been misled by looking merely to the rela-
tive rank which they hold, instead of considering
when they attained that rank, and how long they
would probably have to remain in it.
I have had, sir, also, in considering this subject,
more reference to increasing the pay of tho-lower
officers of the Navy than of the higher ones; and
that arises from the same fact. In the first place,
the real back-bone of the Navy—the working part
of it—the men called upon on all occasions, are,
as a general rule, the lieutenants and the passed
midshipmen—men of the minor grades. They
remain in those grades for a long time. It is a
difficulty that is increasing every day. They get
to be old men while they hold the rank of young
officers; and, consequently, consideration must be
had for them, owing to the difficulties that arise
from the nature of the service. But one thing is
vary clear—and that is the opinion of everybody
who has examined the subject. I beg Senators to
bear it in mind—the pay of the younger classcs of
the Navy has been up to this time, and is, abso-
lutely too low. There is 110 question about that.
Lieutenants in the Navy, and officers of a grade
lower than theirs, cannot live at the present rate
of pay. There has been such a change of values
within a few years past, that it is absolutely ne-
cessary, in order to support them in decency,
according to their ranks, that there should be an
increase—and a tolerably fair increase—of the
amount of yearly pay that is given to them.
Next with regard to commanders. I did not
meddle with that, except to make a little different
arrangement, as Senators on comparing the two
propositions will see. I propose that command-
ers, for the first five years after the date of t&eir
commission, shall receive, when on duty at sea,
$2,750—which is raised §250 over the present pay,
m my proposition; it is raised $325 m the com-
mittee's bill—when on other duty, $2,500. Be-
fore, it was §2,100. The committee made it $2,662.
I have increased it in every instance in that grade
by several hundred dollars, but not carried it quite
up to the mark that was taken by the Committee
on Naval Affairs in reporting the bill.
Then come the matters which principally con-
stitute the difference of opinion between the chair-
man of the committee and myself—the provisions
with regard to the pay of lieutenants. The com-
mittee have based the increase on the pay of lieu-
tenants upon sea-service entirely. For instance:
after a lieutenant has seen seven years' sea-service,
he is to receive so much; after nine years so much;
after eleven so much; and after thirteen years the
maximum. The first provision is that the pay of
a lieutenant shall be $1,500, and then it goes on
with the increase, basing it, not upon the length
of service in the grade, or the date of the com-
mission, but upon the sea-service that has been
actually performed. It was not so intended, un-
doubtedly; but the whole thing is deceptive in it3
character. There are three hundred and twenty-
five lieutenants in the Navy. Under the provision
of the bill, although it goes on the basis of $1,500
being the pay, and a gradual increase for sea-ser-
vice, there is not a lieutenant 011 the list, and never
will be one, who will not receive more than $1,500.
Mr. MALLORY. That is a mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not find any; per-
haps there may be one or two. The Senator can
find it while I am going on. Although there are
three hundred and twenty-five lieutenants in the
Navy, under this provision there are more than
one hundred and seventy-fivs,more than one half
of them, who will at once go up to the highest
rate of pay under the provision of the bill; will go
upto the payallowed after thirteen years'sea-ser-
vice; and there are fifty of them who will receive
the highest rate of pay who have not yet had their
commission for more than five years, and who are
really in the very first part of their service as lieu-
tenants'. Why should they receive the highest
rate of pay ? They will receive it because their
pay is, by the bill, graduated on sea-service since
they entered the Navy. They entered as mid-
shipmen; they went to sea as midshipmen; they
went as masters in the line of promotion, as passed
midshipmen, then as lieutenants; and now, by
grading the pay on sea-service, nearly two hun-
dred of the three hundred and twenty-five got at
once the highest rate of pay, and over fifty, who
have not been lieutenants five years, will receive
the same highest grade of pay.
Now, with reference to the details. The com-
mittee have increased the pay of the captains.
One amendment that I made, confining the pay of
the senior flag officer to the present senior flag of-
ficer, Commodore Stewart, has been adopted. I
gave in that case $4,500, and made no sort of dis-
tinction between sea-service pay and pay on duty
and leave of absence. It is a single case, where
a position was conferred upon the oldest officer
in the Navy, and a gallant officer, for the purpose
of showing him honor, and it is proper to allow
him, at his age, m my judgment, a salary that
looks something like a recognition of the position
which he holds; and, therefore, I made no dis-
tinction at all between his pay at sea and oil shore.
That has been adopted.
Then, with regard to the captains, I do not
quite come up to the pay fixed by the committee.
I do not by any means feel confident that I am
rightabout it; and if any one thinks I am not, all
he has to do is to move to amend the amendment
which I have offered. The committee fixed the
pay of a captain, when commanding a squadron,
at $5,000. I take that. They allow other captains,
011 duty at sea, $4,375. If it had been ^4,500, I
do not know but that I should have left it; but as
it was, I cut it down to ^4,000. I could not see
the reason of going into the minute calculation of
$4,375 for a captain. I believe myself that §4,000
is enough for acaptain commanding a vessel, and
I therefore brought it down to that, making very
little distinction", however, between the others,
leaving them about the same. At present the
highest pay of a captain commanding at sea is
