1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Louisiana into Arkansas; and above the raft, there
is no other State and no other people, and there
never can be, except the Indians, for Texas ex-
tends on indefinitely, as we all very well know,
on the west to Mexico; and the Chickasaws have
the country upon the left bank as you come down
until you strike Arkansas. Louisiana has but
little interest in it, because it is in the upper corner
of the State. Now, they have got to go more
than thirty or forty miles around this raft, and
it is next to impossible to do it, and they simply
desire to charter a company to clear it out. The
Legislatures of these States have already done it,
and fixed the charges; and this is a proposition
to give the consent of Congress to it. I know a
great many of these people up there, being per-
sonally interested in Arkansas. The House of
Representatives has passed this joint resolution,
and it has come to us, and the Committee on
Commerce of this body have examined it, and it
met with no opposition in that committee.
Mr. KING. This subject >3 one of public in-
terest, and I am aware that appropriations have
been made 
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no appropriation.
Mr. KING. Appropriations have on several
occasions been made for this raft, and it is an ob-
ject desirable to be accomplished. The objection
is the mode by which this joint resolution pro-
poses to do it. I should be glad to have an op-
tunity of examining it a little further. This ques-
tion of authorizing tolls to be levied upon the
navigation of our large streams which pass from
one State into another, and this question of ton-
nage, are questions that I think should be very
fully and maturely considered before we enter
upon them at all, and we should know exactly
what we are doing. I hope the joint resolution
will be postponed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not.
Mr. DAVIS. I consider that the whole ques-
tion we have to decide is, whether Congress will
consent to an agreement between three States
bordering upon the Red river, and including the
raft 
Mr. POLK. And who are alone interested.
Mr. DAVIS. I would not say that they are
alone interested. They alone will be taxed. I
think the whole Government is interested. I think
it couples itself with the convenience of that fron-
tier; that it is a most important work by giving
river communication, and thus greatly reducing
the charge 011 the transportation of all supplies to
the upper Red river, where we shall probably
have permanently to keep a military force to gov-
ern the Indians.
But I think the whole question, as I stated, is
whether %ve shall permit these three Slates to enter
into an agreement with each other; which,under
the Constitution, they cannot do without the as-
sent of Congress. This work has been continued
for a great "number of years; and whilst rhany
reproaches have been heaped upon the Govern-
ment for its failure to succeed, they have not in-
dicated the particular cause of that failure of suc-
cess. It is simply that annually a large amount
of timber floats down the Red river; and from the
character of the stream, it collects in rafts, and
the raft constantly extends higher and higher
above each obstruction which is made. At a
large expense, it would be possible to lift these
trees out of the river and carry them by booms
to one side. Shall the Government undertake it?
Clearly not. Shall we allow the States to do it?
Even then, it follows that you will have an ob-
struction annually increasing, and to increase,
until all the large timber along that river has been
destroyed; thus cutting off the lower part of the
river from the upper portion of it, and rendering
the land comparatively valueless. It will beofvast
value if you open the navigation. I: will increase
the wealth of the whole country and facilitate its
intercourse with its frontier. I think it most de-
sirable that the raft should be removed; and this
is altogether the cheapest and most constitutional
mode of doing it. It does not involve, I will say,
as is supposed, the question of tonnage duties for
the improvement of harbors. It is a local tax;
which, because it involves three States, neither
one of the States has the right to impose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the further consideration of this joint resolution
be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment,"to add at the end of section two the follow-
ing:
Provided, The United States shall have the right, at any
time after tiic expiration of ten years, to take possession of
the work, by paying to the company the amount of expend-
iture, with seven per cent, interest.
I am opposed, sir, to incorporating companies
and permitting them to levy tonnage duties on any
of the navigable waters of this country. This
case may be an exceptional one. I do not know
but it is; but 1 can see in the future a probability
that this monopoly may be a grinding one. It
will be seen that this company is authorized to
charge twenty-five cents a barrel upon all the
freight passing over that channel, and half a dol-
lar a bale upon all the cotton. It is true that, at
this moment, there are but three States interested
in this improvement; and I believe it is likewise
true that each and all of these three States desire
that this joint resolution may pass. But there is
a vast Indian country back of these three States
which may, in time, become settled and become
populous States, and I can see that this may, at
no distant day, become a vast monopoly. Thirty
years ago the amount of traffic passing over the
St. Clair flats was so small that a tonnage duty,
which would now be enormous, would have
amounted to almost nothing. Thirty years hence
there may be §1,000,000 or $5,00u,000 in this
joint resolution; and a quarter of a dollar a bar-
rel, upon every barrel passing up that river, may
at that time amount to a fabulous sum. I really
wish by this amendment, if the joint resolution
is to pass, to reserve the right to the Government
to come in and take possession of the work, and
open the river as a free channel of communica-
tion, if the United States Government see fit,
in its wisdom, to adopt that course. I think the
amendment is a reasonable one, and should be
adopted.
Mr. TOOMBS. There are two objections to
this amendment; one a very fatal one to gentlemen
on this side of the House who support the resolu-
tion. In the first place, it would have the effect—
and thatisan objection that is often mentioned here,
but it is a bad one—of postponing it, by ci eating
the necessity for itsgoing back to the other House.
I waive t'hat objection, however, as it is one that
I do not well approve of. But so far as the Gov-
ernment is concerned, we neither desire, nor do
we think they have the power, to take charge of
such improvements. I think the opposition to
this is very extraordinary. New York to this
day uses her rivers connected with the canals and
charges tolls on them, and so does every State in
the Union. Her own rivers are used as canals,
and a charge is placed upon them. If this were
inside of one State, it could be done without com-
ing here; but, by the provision of the Constitu-
tion, because it happens to be within three States,
because it touches the State of Louisiana, the
State of Texas, and the State of Arkansas, they
cannot do it. If it was in either, exclusively, it
could be done. If it were in Arkansas exclu-
sively, Arkansas could do it without difficulty in
regard to the Constitution or any thing else. If
it was in Texas exclusively, she could grant a
charter to a company to clean it out. In conse-
quence of its being right in the corner of Arkan-
sas, extending on both sides to Louisiana and to
Texas, the jurisdiction of these States extends
over it; and therefore it must be an agreement,
and they want the consent of Congress.
The gentleman is mistaken about there being
any more States likely to be organized in that
region. The country on the left bank of the Red
river belongs in perpetuity to the Choctaw peo-
ple by patent from the United States, the whole
length up to the ninety-eighth parallel, which is
some four or five hundred miles, where the Red
river is no longer navigable. These three States
are all concerned in it; and it is very remarkable
that other States should say, "I will use my
rivers when I please, a d remove rafts when I
please; but if I can catch you with a raft through
two or three States, I will not give consent." I
think the objections to this measure are unreason-
able and untenable.
As to the amount that this is supposed to in-
clude, these people demand to tax themselves.
The States themselves fix the rates. I desire to
know if the Senator from Michigan is better able
to take care of the people there than these three
great States, Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana,
whose citizens are alone affected by it. It is to
enable them to get their producc to market, and
to enable ittogetto them. This is the sole means
by which they can get it. This is not like the
improvement in Kentucky—the Louisville and
Portland cnnal. The State' of New York, the
State of Virginia, the State of Pennsylyania, the
State of Ohio, were all interested in' that'canal;
but in this case only thg three States which cdn;
by a possibility, have any interest, are thdse that
wish to do this work. Congress have appropvi-
ated a million dollars for this purpose,and bene-
fited three or four contractors; but they have
never run a boat there from the acquisition of the
country, in 1802, to this hotir. Wc'have made
these bayous to enable them to gel around the
raft, but they have never run a"boat through from'
the discovery of the country to this hour; and
Congress will neither do it itself, finding all its
efforts unavailing, nor will it let these people, who
want to tax cotton fifty cents a bale and produce
twenty-five cents a barrel, because it will be put-
ting on a great monopoly. I lake it these people
are as able to take care of themselves as the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
Mr. HALE. I rather think the restriction in
the nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty-first lines
will be sufficient to secure the public interest; and
that is, that the privilege shall only continue for
thirty years, and at the ertd of thirty years then it
is to reVert to Congress, and thfey" can do as they
please with it. I think the Senator will find that
restriction enough for the public interest.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Georgia
is correct in stating that the State of New York,
and other States, do improve their navigable
waters when they terminate in their own State,
but only when tliey terminate in their own State.
New York, it is true, has built a canal; but she
has not improved the navigable waters if they did
not terminate in the State, and attempt to levy
tonnage duties upon commerce. Then, again, in
regard to this argument of the perpetuity of In-
dian title, were not all the Indian titles in per-
petuity?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; they were not.
Mr. CHANDLER. Were not the Indians
owners of the land?
Mr. TOOMBS. Not at all. "We never ac-
knowledged that they were. They had only a
possessory right. That has been the position of
the United States from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, and that is the reason we give them a
patent.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is well known that these
Indian titles are but mere ropes of sand in the
way of the wants of this Government. When-
ever the Government of the United States desires
the possession of these Indian lands, she will take
possession of them in some way. I do not know
how; but in some mode, you may rest assured,
either by treaty or otherwise, she will have the
possession of these Indian lands whenever they
are required for settlement. Mow, sir, I do not
think that thirty years is a sufficient restriction.
We all know the rapid growth of this country;
we all know what changes are made in these vast
new Territories of the West; and it is to protect
those vast territories which may become settled,
and which probably will become settled, from
this onerous tax, which may at that time be con-
sidered a prohibitory tax upon their commerce,
that I present it to the Senate. I think the propo-
sition is reasonable, and that it ought to leceive
the unanimous support of the Senate. I will not
occupy time in arguing it. I hope it will be
adopted.
Mr. KING. I desire to say, in reference to the
remark of the Senator from Georgia as to what
the course of New York has been in relation to
her rivers, that she has, to be sure, as has every
other State, when they were entirely within her
own limits and jurisdiction, used her waters for
canals, and occasionally made the bed of the river
the bed of the canal; but as to the navigable
streams of New York which run into the sea, she
had 110 right to close them or levy duties on them.
No doctune is more, clearly settled than that a
river opening into the sea, and which is used for
purposes of common navigation, cannot have tolls
levied upon it by a State. That is a question
settled long since in New York, ill an effort on the
part of that State to give exclusive jurisdiction as
