3262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
a reward for thq.use of steam. I suppose no doc-
trine is=better.settled than that the State cannot
undertake to slmt out the citizens of neighbor-
ing States from the free navigation of their open
waters. I suppose the Senator from Georgiadoes
nQt contest that ppint?
l^lr. TOOMBS, .No, sir; that is not the ques-
tion X made.
Mr. ICING. You spoke of that. That doc-
trine is clear. In this country the lkws in rela-
tion to these streams vary somewhat from those
of England, owing to the difference in the char-
acter of our country, and .it is not necessary that
a, river should be an arm of the sea in order to be
subject to the general doctrine that every other
people, under the common law, have a right to open
navigation. The great rivers of this immense con-
tinent must have that doctrine applied to them.
This Red river is a very large stream, extending
through a iargeextent of country, and it is of such
a character, I take it, as should be open to the cit-
izens of all the States; and I do not see why Con-
gress should allow the people of three States, any
more than a single State, to impose a duty on ton-
nage.
I concede—there is no doubt abby t it—that this
raft is a great obstruction. It is impossible,to
navigate the stream on account of it. Gentlemen
say |X,000,000.have been expended on it by Con-
gress. 1 knew that large sums had been expended
by appropriations from Congress for the removal
of this raft; and I would rather vote now for a
sum to remove this raft than to concede the right
upon the part of these States to levy a duty upon
all the property, which may pass through the
stream. The gentleman says this is only ask-
ing the privilege to tax themselves. Now, I do
not understand it to be so. That was said in re-
lation to the tonnage duty; but this tax is levied
upon all who pass through. It is not limited to
the citizens of those States only; neither would
they be willing to limit the levying of this duty to
the citizens of those three States; but everybody
who passes through, or who is interested in prop-
erty that passes through, is required to pay this
toll. 11 is possible that this may be the best mode
in which we can make this improvement, yet I
doubt it. I am unwilling, upon a new principle
of this sort, to vote for this bill. Whatever may
be the sense of the Senate, I shall not, of course,
attempt to obstruct the action of the Senate upon
it; but I desire to express my opinion about it, and
to vote against it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. A word with reference to
the position of gentlemen on the opposite side. I
hope the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan will not prevail. In the first place, at this
stage of the session, it would prove fatal to the bill,
by sending it back to the other House—an objec-
tion not very serious in its character, but one which
addresses itself to the consideration of the friends
of the bill.
Again: this restriction, which is sought to be
imposed by the Senator from Michigan, and
advocated by the Senator from Now York, is
entirely useless to effect their objects. The provi-
sions of the bill are already sufficiently guarded.
Restrictions enough are imposed to protect any
contingent or possible interest which the Federal
Government or the citizens of other States might
have in this subject. This improvement contem-
plated is one of such a purely local character, so
entirely local with reference to these three States,
that if it was locally situated in either one of
them, there would be no doubt of the competency
of the State to effect the whole object under her
own resources. Notwithstanding the necessity
of getting the consent of Congress to this—a con-
stitutional provision which begins and ends sim-
ply with giving the assent of Congress—it does
not alter the character of the object to be attained
by it. It is local and municipal, and within the
limits of these three States, by which no earthly
being can be affected, nor their interests impaired,
beyond the extent provided for and allowed by
the legislation of these States. The provision in
the bill which says that the navigation of the
river shall be kept open and unimpaired, secures
all the rights of citizens of the United States, as
well of the Government as of its citizens. It
expires at an early day—the very shortest that cap-
italists could be induced to take as a sufficient
temptation to engage in the enterprise.
The question which has been raised by the gen-
tleman on the other side as to the propriety of
levying a tax upon tonnage for the improvement
of ports at the mouth of rivers, as ha3 been well
said by the Senator from Mississippi, does not
and cannot arise in this ease. This is an internal
and interior improvement, in which these States
are primarily interested; and the Federal Govern-
ment has only a contingent and remote interest,
which is entirely guarded and protected by the
bill. Moreover, it is not a tax upon tonnage, but
upon the direct freight upon the goods; and this
is to be settled and the rates fixed by the legisla-
tion of the States. Can any one doubt that the
States will not sufficiently protect their own citi-
zens against an exorbitant tax ? It will be remem-
bered that ail the Legislatures have not acted yet.
Congress only gives in advance its assent to such
legislation as they may propose to enact for the
purpose of taxing their own citizens. The pri-
mary and first care to be taken against abuses
here is by the States. Can we doubt that the par-
ties locally interested, and supposed, by the form
of their interests, to have the utmost capacity and
competency to regulate this subject, will suffi-
ciently take care of their own citizens ? There is
nothing else, therefore, to look to except this con-
tingent and remote interest of the Federal Gov-
ernment, which is sufficiently guarded in the joint
resolution already.
Mr. JOHN,SON, of Arkansas. I will ask my
colleague not to prosecute this debate any fur-
ther; and I will ask the Senate to let us take a vote
without further debate upon it. If you vote us
down, we shall submit, although \vc shall not be
satisfied.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to state an objec-
tion which, it seems to me, is fatal to this joint
resolution. It was provided in the compact for
the admission of Louisiana into the Union, on
the 8th of April, 1812, that
" The river Mississippi, and the navigable rivers enter-
ing into the same, and into the Gulf of Mexico, s>hall be
common highway*, as well to the inhabitants of said State
as to the inhabitants of other States, without any tax, duty,
impost, or toil, imposed by said State."
Similar language is used in the ordinances for
the admission of Mississippi and Arkansas into
the Union. Now, sir, is it proposed to violate
every one of these? And how can you adopt this
provision without a direct violation of the compact
uy which Louisiana and Arkansas and Missis-
sippi and various other States came into the Union?
What does this language mean; that the Missis-
sippi and the navigable waters leading into it
should be free, not only from tonnage duties, but
from any tax or toll ? This looks to me very much
like an evasion. Senators talk about levying a
tax on the produce in the vessel, and notuponthu
vessel itself, and say that Arkansas and Louis-
iana are alone interested in it. I do not think so.
Suppose a citizen of my State ship produce up the
Red river: are we to be taxed twenty-five cents
upon every barrel of flour that goes up that river,
in violation of the terms upon which Arkansas
came into the Union ? I think such a bill as this
should not be permitted to pass without consider-
ation. I certainly am not prepared to go into the
argument of it, but this is an objection which, it
seems to me, is fatal.
The PRESIDING OFFCER, (Mr. Poster in
the chair.) It becomes the duty of the Chair, the
morning hour having expired, to announce the
special order.
Mi. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There certainly
cannot be much more debate on this subject.
There are a great many people who are interested
in it. It has passed the Senate once before after
a full discussion, two years ago; and this year it
has been reported from the hands of Mr. C. C.
Clay, of Alabama, and that should be some guar-
antee to the Senate that it certainly must be sound
in its character. I will ask the Senate to postpone
all prior orders, and let us dispose of this subject.
Mr. KING. I hope this joint resolution will
be permitted to he over for further examination.
There will be no great loss to the parties inter-
ested. Let it be fully considered. I think there
are serious objections to its passage now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
postpone all prior orders, for the purpose of con-
tinuing the discussion of the joint resolution now
pending.
Mr, YULEE. I wish to ask the Chair what
bill is now in order before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFF1CER. The unfinished
business, the Post Office bill.
Mr. YULEE. There were two Post Office
bills—which of them?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The one last
under consideration—the appropriation bill,
Mr. YULEE. That was pending upon a mo-
tion of mine to postpone.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a question now pend-
ing to postpone the special order for the purpose
of continuing with t-hc resolution now under con-
sideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That k the
question before the Senate. The motion is that
the Senate postpone all priov orders for the pur-
pose of continuing the discussion of the joint res-
olution now before the Senate. The morning
hour having expired, the unfinished business of
yesterday is the first business in order.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas if there will be any serious
detriment by letting this subject be postponed for
the present. I desire to go for it, but I should
like a little time for consideration. In my opin-
ion, it is not within the principle and the objec-
tion that has been urged; but I shO"Uld like a little
time for the consideration of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I assure the
Senator I should be very glad if he could have
further time; but these people are suffering.
Within the last three months, the last opening
from the river above to the river below has been
closed; and I know it is very important to dispose
of this very soon. If Senators will not support
it, let it be killed, and then they will know what
to do. I do not believe that the joint resolution
ought to be killed.
Mr. CLARK. Is there any probability that
anything can be done during the vacation between
the two sessions ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir; the
matter must be put on foot,and it must be worked.
It is so difficult a business that the United States
has hitherto spent more than a million dollars
upon that work, and has long since abandoned it.
We ask of you now to let us do it ourselves,
since you have ceased to attempt it. li is not an
improvement of navigation at,all. It is, in fact,
the opening of a navigation that does not now
exist. It is the construction of a canal or a pas-
sage to enable vessels to go around that particu-
lar gap in the navigation where navigation once
did exist. I simply ask that we may have a vote
upon the joint resolution. I think gentlemen un-
derstand it. It passed the Senate once before,
Mr. YULEE. I hope, by unanimous consent,
we shall take the vote without further discussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That cannot be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone all prior orders for
the purpose of continuing the consideration of the
joint .resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask for the yeas and
nays on that question. If we are going to post-
pone the special order for the purpose of going
into internal improvements by tne States, I think
we should take the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire merely to say a
word in regard to this matter. If the question of
internal improvements by the States, and the col-
lection of taxes and tolls by way of avoiding the
idea of collecting it on the tonnage, is to be started
at this stage of the session, why, of course, it will
postpone all other bills, and we may as well pro-
long the session. I think this is a very important
question. In my judgment, it does involve, in its
broad sense, a principle, which has been often
agitated, of the power of Congress to authorize
the collection of tonnage duties by the States; and
I think it is a question of vast importance. I do
not think the resolution can pass without mature
consideration. I am not myself disposed to dis-
cuss it. I am not prepared to discuss it fully at
this time; but still 1 shall be very unwilling that
a vote shall be taken upon such a question without
its being understood by the Senate and the coun-
try. If the decision of the Senate is that other
business is to be postponed, and we are to go on
with this subject, I will endeavor to give it the
best consideration that I am able to give it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it seems tome
this is a very plain, practical question. Here is
a river closed up for nearly forty miles by a raft.
