1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m:
the Union; but from 1856 down to this time, each
year she has given mostdecided Democraticvotes.
Mr. PUGrH. Your majorities have been re-
duced in your State ever since 1856, according to
your statement
Mr. POWELL. Not at all. In 1856 the ma-
jority was over seven thousand; in 1857, over
twelve thousand; in 1858, over twelve thousand;
and in 1859 the average majority on our whole
ticket was over ten thousand.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I had the
the floor upon these resolutions yesterday, but
yielded it with the understanding that we were to
have a vote to-day at about two o 'clock. I believe
that was the general understanding in the Cham-
ber. Now I do not desire to occupy any time if
we can come, to a vote. We have had the Charles-
ton convention transferred into the Senate of the
United States, and have listened to its proceed-
ings over and over again for a whole week, and
it is time that this thing should come to an end.
The Senator from Texas [Mr. Wigfall,] yester-
day announced the death—the political death—of
the Senator from Illinois, and I thought that if
these were the funeral ceremonies we were attend-
ing, they were the longest funeral ceremonies I
had evur attended in my life. [Laughter.] Now,
Mr. President, whatever this may be, the Charles-
ton convention brought into the Senate, or the
funeral ceremonies of the Senator from Illinois,
or the funeral ceremonies of the Democratic or-
ganization, I do not care which, it has been here
long enough. Let us conic to a vote. [" Vote!"
"Vote!"]
Mr. HALE. I am anxious for a vote, but I
want justice done. I would rather have justice
done than a vote; and I want to give notice that
while gentlemen representing Democratic States
on the other side that have representatives here,
do their constituents justice on this floor, the
Democratic party in the New England States have
no representative here, and I shall feel called
upon, if this discussion is carried on, to put them
right. [Laughter.] I am willing to waive that, if
wc can get to a vote; but if this discussion is to
go on, and these claims are to be brought up, I
want to vindicate the Democracy of New Hamp-
shire. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. We may consume as much time
in saying that we shall not speak as we should
in spewing. It is true, we agreed to vote at two
o'clock; but at two o'clock the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Bingham] was engaged in the
delivery of what was evidently a prepared speech;
and it would have been a breach of courtesy ex-
ceeding anything I have ever known m the Sen-
ate to have proposed, because of a previous un-
derstanding, to arrest him midway in the delivery
of his prepared speech. All that has been done
since, has been skirmishing, sharp-shooting, even
d.nvn to the time when the Senator from Wiscon-
sin repeated a joke, which was pretty good yes-
terday, byt which would not bear repetition. It
did very well yesterday; but once^vas enough.
Now, 1 do hone we shall come to a vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
will allow me to say that I thought, instead of
being the funeral ceremony of the Senator from
Illinois, it might be the other funeral ceremony,
to which 1 have referred to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. Weli^as the Senator quit the
Democratic party some* time ago, I suppose he
will not be one of the mourners at the funeral.
[Laughter ]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator will allow
me to say, that when such new recruits in the
Democratic party as the Senator from Georgia
(Mr. Toombs] and the Senate^ from Louisiana
[Mr. Benjamin] are the chief mourners and})all-
bearers, I think that I, at least, who have served
twenty years of my life, not as a leader, but as a
private soldier in the ranks of the Democratic par-
ty, might be invited to take a scat among the
mourners. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Well, Mr. President, I have
understood, that when Napoleon escaped from
Elba and landed on the coast of Prance, where
ever he met one of those troops who had fol-
lowed him through so many glorious battle-fields,
he rallied him to his standard; and even that sol-
dier, " withoutfear and without reproach" of his
day, Marshal Ney, violated his pledge of faith
to the Bourbons, and forfeited his right under
them, to rally again under the standard of Napo-
leon. I trust, sir, from the funereal voice of the
Senator from Wisconsin, that he is becoming
somewhat regretful that he has parted from good
company, and that we shall soon see him on the
stool of repentance. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator will allow me
a single word. I walked the deck of the Democratic
ship as long as it bore the Democratic flag; I fol-
lowed that flag as long as it bore the inscription
of freedom; but, sir, when it was changed, when
Calhounism—which declared that the basis of re-
publican institutions was founded upon slavery,
and which declared that the Constitution, of us
own force, carried the law of slavery into every
Territory of the United States which we now
have or can ever hereafter acquire—became its
motto, I did not follow that flag any longer. -Mr.
President, it is not because I changed my views,
or changed my principles, but because the flag
which was raised over me was changed. The
country knows, there is not a Senator upon this
floor, I believe, who docs not know, that the
novel doctrine laid down in the resolutions now
before the Senate—that the Constitution, of its own
force, guaranties the right of every slaveholder to
take Ins property into the Territories beyond the
jurisdiction of the State where it exists—was a
new doctrine first asserted by Mr. Calhoun. It
is a novel doctrinc—novel on that side of the
Chamber. It is now inserted as the cardinal
creed of the Democratic party, substituting Cal-
hounism for republicanism, slavery for freedom,
and the doctrines of Mr. Calhoun for the doc-
trines of Mr. Jefferson; and,sir,it is for that rea-
s^ji that I, for one, have refused to follow that
flag, and not for any other.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, it appears that the Sena-
tor was never inside of the temple; that he was
one of those worshipers who always stood in the
porch; therefore it was easy for him to escape
from the discipline of the church; and all I have
to say is, that I wish the Senator very well where
ever he may go. In the mean time, I think we
had better go on to vote upon the resolutions;
and as amendments are pending, I wish merely
to say that those amendments, it seems to me,
ought not to prcccde the vote on these resolu-
tions, as appears to be the opinion of some, but
that the resolutions are to bo taken seriatim, and
we are to vote upon No. 1, No. 2,and so on;and
when an amendment is offered to a particular res-
olution, it will be considered in connection with
the vote we shall give upon that resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wilson
in the chair.) If such be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate, that course will be pursued.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to that course.
Mr. DAVIS. But there is no objection; there
is no course; it is the rule of the Senate. A series
of resolutions is to be voted on, and we are to go
through with them regularly, voting on No. 1,
3, and so on.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator will pardon
me. The Presiding Officer announced that if it
was the pleasure of the Senate, thatcourse would
be pursued. 1 expressed my dissent. I stand on
the parliamentary law. If the Presiding Officer
decides against me, very well; but I have no doubt
he will decide with me, and we may amend the
resolutions before they are adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. Every series of resolutions I have
known voted upon, was voted on in the way I
have suggested. Consequently, there is never any
termination to a vote on a series of resolutions.
You never take the vote on the whole group.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We have a right to offer
an amendment to this scries, either separate resolu-
tions, or verbal amendments, or motions to strike
out and insert. That is a right which I claim;
and if nothing interferes, I will offer amendments.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, in view of
the earnest desire which is evinced by the Senate
to take a vote on these resolutions, I shall notin-
flict upon them what I designed to do. I approved
the resolutions m the senatorial caucus; I approve
them now, and designto vote for them, and! had
intended to speak lor them; but I could not now
carry out my design, even if there was*not an evi-
dent desire on the part of the Senate to have a
vote, from my own condition of voice. I beg leave,
however, to make one remark. I listened to the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] with atten-
tion, and I should have interrupted him at the
outset of his remarks, had he not requested Sen-
ators not to interrupt him. The Senate will re-
member that he commenced his illustrations of
the tone of the Democratic party upon the sov-
ereignty of the Territories over the question of
slavery, by quoting the action of tliG Democratic -
party in the fetate of Florida, and he gave, as his
illustration, the vote of the Legislature of the State -
of Florida upon the resolutions of 1847, and he
quoted them correctly. I wish merely to say, ifi ,
j ustification, if the Senator from Illinois had stated,
in connection with that fact, that the Legislature
of that year which passed those resolutions was
a Whig Legislature, and if he had stated the fur-
ther fac|, that in the following year, 1848, when
the Democratic party assembled in Baltimore, the
mcmbor of the committee on the platform from
Florida wont with Mr. Yancey, (which he did
state to that extent,) and also that Mr. Yancey's
proposition received the united voice of Florida,
the Senate would have understood that the illus-
tration which he gave did not sustain the propo-
sition. The Legislature that passed those reso-
lutions was composed of a large number of Whigs
and Democrats. I must say, mall frankness, that
I believe one body of the Legislature voted unan-
imously for them; but it is apparent on the sur-
face that the Democratic party of Florida has not
been committed to those resolutions m any way,
and I deny it at all times.
A word, also, in relation to our delegates in the
Charleston convention, as much has been said
here about the seceding members. .1 will say,
nothing which might prompt or indicate a line of
action for the delegates of my own State, who are
to assemble in convention on the first Monday of
the coming June; nor would I wish to forestall
the action of a single member, by any expression
here. All I wish to say is, that no more patriotic,
high-toned men are to be found in my State than
those; and I know that, so far as personal popu-
larity went, the honorable Senator from Illinois
had as fair a chance, in my State, as any other
man in the Confederacy. I believe, honestly and
fairly, that he was the favorite, save and except
alone his doctrine of territorial sovereignty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I wish
merely to say in advance that I shall vote against
all these resolutions; but I wish to give a reason
for it, which might not appear from my vote
alone. There are one or two of them that I have
no paiticular objection to; and, on a proper occa-
sion and under proper circumstances, I might be
willing to vote for them, if I voted at all; butmy
idea is, that the Senate is no place to makeaparty
platform or a party creed, to bring in resolutions
upon abstract principles. It is a place for legis-
lation; and these resolutions, not looking to legis-
lation, but merely to an expression of opinion by
one party or another, I hold to be entirely out of
place and out of season. We have had a demon-
stration of this by the long and rambling debate
upon personal and party politics that we have
heard nere, that has taken up a good deal of the
time of the Senate, to no conceivable good pur-
pose, that 1 can imagine. On this ground I shall
vote against all the resolutions.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me before
he ceases, in order that 1 may have the moral
support of his approval, even to resolutions which
he will vote against, to ask him if ho will be good
enough to slate which of the resolutions in the
series he favors ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not necessary. My
objection covcrs the whole ground.
Mr. DAVIS. As you approved some of them,
I thought I might have the advantage of your
moral support.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not disposed to
make a speech on the subject, or to express any
opinion on all the questions involved.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish merely to take oc-
casion to say a few words in addition to what has
been said by the Senator from Maine in regard to
the impropriety of general abstract resolutions,
looking to no legislative action, not guiding our-
selves at all. I consider that a sufficient objection.
Another is, that the leading resolutions of this
series were adopted in Congress, 1 believe, some
thirty-five years ago; and I do not know that
they will have any now life from being adopted
over again. It may, perhaps, be expected that
there will be some life galvanized into them by a
new vote; but I cannot see that that will be so.
But, Mr. President, I rose particularly to make
