1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
question candidly. I told my people that squatter
sovereignty was as antagonistic to their rights, as
southern men, as the principles of the Republican
party; and I should stultify myself if I should
vote for an advocate of that doctrine.
Mr. ADRAIN. Yes; but you said that, in
voting for a man holding principles opposite to
your own, you did not lose your own political
status.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I said I could
not vote for a member of a sectional party.
Mr. ADRAIN. Now, as we number but five
anti-Lecompton men, I think it unkind of the
gentleman not to come over to us, because we
need support from all si'des. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Clerk, X was remarking that it was
not true, so far as I could understand the votes of
the House, that the twenty-three South Ameri-
cans were ready, in a body, to come over and
support a Democrat. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has risen here and stated that he is willing
to do so. Grant it. It does not follow that all
his friends will imitate his example. He docs
not speak, as I conccivc, by authority. The best
way to determine this whole matter is to put it to
a practical test. Let the Democracy here unite
upon a man; they have been scattered about like
a flock of sheep that has lost its shepherd; let the
southern Opposition come up and center their
votes upon him, and present that man in opposi-
tion to the candidate of the Republican party, and
then the responsibility will be thrown upon the
five anti-Lecompton Democrat who hold seats
upon this floor, and the responsibility will never
come upon them until that particular event. And,
Mr. Clerk, I do not think it is fair, I do not think
it is just to us, holding the position that we do
here, to charge us before the country with being
disorganizers and keeping this House without a
Speaker; and it is particularly unkind in the dis-
tinguished gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Miles.] What is the principle thing that has pro-
vented the election of Mr. Sherman as Speaker?
I conceive that it is the little band of five anti-
Lecompton Democrats who have stood in the way
of it; and instead of censuring us, the gentleman
ought to give us praise; instead of being found
fault with, we ought to be commended. And yet
the gentleman turns round and says that we are
a set of disorganizers. ff the gentleman from
South Carolina and the Democrats here say that
we are keeping the House disorganized, that it is
their wish that we shall vote for Mr. Sherman
and that we shall be good Democrats if we do it,
I venture to say that he will be elected Speaker
immediately and that the House will be organ-
ized.
I do not conceive that we are disorganizers at
all; but if it be a fact that we are so, then it is only
because we do not vote for Mr. Sherman. ,In any
other sense we are not disorganizers, but are only
exercising our political rights.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. 1 must now insist upon
my right to the floor.
Mr. ADRATN. I shall be through in a mo-
ment. I am very much obliged to the gentleman
for his courtesy. I have been interrupted, and
therefore a portion of my time has been con-
sumed.
Mr. Clerk, I conceive that the anti-Lecompton
men—I mean the five who have been voting for
one of their own number—have as much right
to vote for a particular.man who represents their
principles, as the Democrats, the South Ameri-
cans, or the Republicans have. And I maintain
this position, that no gentleman here has any
right to find fault with any member, no matter
how he may vote.
Mr. Clerk, the solution of the question, How can
a Speaker be elected? seems to he a difficult one,
but I shall propose a way by which it can be set-
tled in half an hour. I am in favor of the election
of a Speaker by a majority vote. That is the usual
and I believe the constitutional mode. But when
it becomes evident, when it becomes as clear as
the sun in the heavens, that there is 110 gentleman
here who can possibly concentrate on himself a
sufficient number of votes to be elected as Speaker,
then, sir, there is another mode that has been
adopted in the history of the country to which we
may resort. 1 allude to the adoption of the plu-
rality rule. Sir, I will vote for that rule only on
the ground that the House can b£ organized in no
other way. My distinguished friend from South
Carolina proposes that the House should be dis>
solved, that we sho.uld break up, and he'asks if
there is any good reason against that resort. There
is a great and powerful reason which addresses
itself to every true patriot and American citizen,
and that is, that if this Congress should break up
in the way he proposes, it would lead to a disso-
lution of the Union. The gentleman surely does
not mean that. Let the experiment be tried, of
dissolving this House and going home to our
constituents, proclaiming'to the world that we
are incompetent for self-government, and your
Government will crumble to the dust, this glorious
Union of our fathers will have gone, and gone
forever.
Now, sir, I would say to the gentleman from
South Carolina, rather than resort to such a prop-
osition, let him, prompted by patriotic and noble
motives and considerations, come forward and
vote for the plurality rule. And upon this subject
let me say, that if he will not vote for it, at least let
him suffer a vote to be had upon it. There is no
gentleman in this House called on to vote for that
rule against the convictions of his own judgment;
but I contend that when it is perfectly apparent
to every member of this House that the House
cannot be organized in any other way, cxccpt by
the adoption of the plurality rule, those gentle-
men who do not suffer a vote to be taken upon it
arc factiomsts and disorganizers.
Mr. Clerk, I believe there is a majority of this
House in favor of the plurality rule.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the gentleman allow
me for a moment?
Mr. ADRAIN. No, sir; I objected to other
gentlemen interrupting me, and I must object to
the gentleman's interrupting me.
I was going on to say that I believe that there
is a majoiity of this House in favor of the adop-
tion of the plurality rule to organize it. A mi-
nority resist it. That is the very position of all airs
in which this House now stands. Now, sir, as
a patriot; 0s an American citizen; as a man anx-
ious to see this House organized and the business
of the country attended to, though 1 should like
to see a Speaker elected by a majority of votes,
yet upon high and patriotic considerations, I am
willing to vote for the plurality rule whenever a
vote can be had upon it.
Mr. Clerk, I thank the gentleman from Virginia
for his courtesy to me in yielding the floor, and
I regret that I have been compelled to consume
so much of Ins time. I will close by saying
that I do not wish to hear it again asserted that
the anti-Lecompton Democrats in this House are
disorganizers until it is shown that our five votes
can determine the question of election of Speaker.
Let the Democratic party and the South Ameri-
cans come together and present a formidable force
in opposition to Mr. Sherman, the candidate of
the Republican party, and then the five anti-Le-
compton Democrats will act, I trust, in accord-
ance with their judgment and honest convictions,
and the principles which they hold.
Mr. WINSLOW. With the permission of my
friend from Virginia, [Mv. De Jarxette,] I will
soy one word. It would be useless for mo here
again to say what I have so often repeated, that
I "have been all the time, and am now, anxious
to organize this House. Nothing would give me
more pleasure than to join in some plan by which
the majority of the House opposed to the election
of Mr. Sherman should be united, and the House
organized. And as every expedient which has
been proposed has failed to accomplish that re-
sult, let me, though without consultation with any
member on this side, make one more effort. I
appeal to gentlemen of all the Opposition parties
to come together, and by committees, agree upon
some united plan of action. Let us all come for-
ward, and make some sacrifices upon the altar of
patriotism for the good of our common country,
and see if it is not possible that we can unite upon
some common platform. Let me then suggest
this proposition to the attention of the conserva-
tive men of the House. Without consuming loo
much of the time of my honorable friend from
Virginia, I appeal to my friends upon this sidft of
the House, and ask them if they will accede to the
proposition ?
Several Democratic Members. Yes.
Mr. WINSLOW. I now appeal to the gen-
tleman from New York, to the gentleman from
New Jprspy, to the gentleman from Indiana, and
to the other anti-Lecompton Democrats, if they
are willing to accede to the proposition?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man from North Carolina, at-this point, permit
me to say a single word? With the consent of the
gentleman from Virginia, also, who holds the
floor, I desire to make a single remark to a prac-
tical point.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the gentleman from
New York to wait for a few moments before, he
interrupts me.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I desire only to
say a few words.
Mr. WINSLOW. I will yield to the gentle-
man from New York in a moment. I want first
to appeal to the South American party—and I use
that word because it i§ that name they are
generally known—I appeal to these gentlemen to
know whether they will agree to my proposi-
tion ?
Mr. MALLORY. I will respond to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina for myself-—and I
think I speak the sentiments of a large portion of
the southern Opposition party, when I say here
in the presence of the House that we are willing
to organize this House upon any fair basis of
opposition to the Republican party. And we do
not think that by pursuing this course we are
sacrificing our principles as Americans, as my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Moore] observed
this morning. I recollect an anecdote of a dis-
tinguished South Carolinian, which my friend
before me [Mr. Miles] will probably remember,
which illustrates my view of this matter. It is
said that the great orator and statesman of Vir-
ginia, Mr. Randolph, being in extremis, and being
anxious, as every man is when about to take his
departure from tfiis world, to die in peace with all
men, sent for all those—and their names were
legion—with whom he had been at enmity during
life. Among the number was the distinguished
sage and statesman from South Carolina, Mr.
Calhoun. They talked over their various points
of difference, and at lastcamc to the amicable con-
clusion that they would forgive each other their
mutual offenses. Mr. Calhoun was rejoiced at
this termination of the conference, and started to
leave the room; but just as he did so, said Mr.
Randolph, beckoning him back, {< Calhoun, re-
member, if I get over this attack all this goes for
nothing." [Great laughter.] This anecdote em-
braces all I have to any.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I take the floor
by the permission of the honorable gentleman
from Virginia, not for the purpose of making any
elaborate speech,but for the purpose of respond-
ing to a single suggestion made by my honor-
able friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Miles,]
who 1 have not failed to observe is generally as
accurate m statement as lie is courteous and gen-
tlemanly in his deportment. I understand him to
have said yesterday, when he had the floor, and
to have reasserted to-day, that the Lecompton
issuer, which m the last Congress divided the Dem-
ocratic party, was dead; he spoke of it as a dead
and buried issue. Now, sir, if that were really the
case, I must acknowledge that no obvious reason
exists why gentlemen who profess attachment to
the DeiuocuUic faith should not unite in antag-
onism to an organization to the peculiar princi-
ples of whirh I will say, without intending dis-
respect, wo can never "he expected to yield assent.
But is that Kansas issue, in truth and in fact, dead
and Juried ? It is to this point only, that I wish
to address a very few observations.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. I must decline for the
future to yield the floor to any one.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I shall deprive
you of the floor but for a few minutes; and the
response which I hope to hear from the Demo-
cratic side of the House may possibly expedite
its organization.
Mr. UNDERWO'OD. I object to the gentle-
man from Virginia yielding; the floor further.
Mr, CLARK, of New York. [ hold the floor
by the courtcsy of the honorable gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. UNDERWOOD.' My objection is founded
upon the fact that the gentleman from New Tr ork
held the floor the other day for an hour and a
half to show how the House could not be organ -
ized, and now when the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr, Wiktslow] asks him a question,
without answering it, he starts out upon an en-
