2320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24.
anothersuggestion. I look upon these resolutions
as upon any other paper, which is to be taken in
the sense in which the man who put it forth meant
it to be understood. These resolutions are to be
understood, I take it, in the sense m which the
author of them meant that they should be under-
stood. Far instance, here is this fifth resolution:
■'That if experience should at any time prove that the
judicial and executive authority do not possess means to
insure adequate protection to constitutional rights m a Ter-
ritory, and if the territorial government should fail or re-
fuse to provide the necessary remedies for that purpose, it
will be the duty of Congresato supply such deficiency."
I do not see any reason why they should not.
I see no good reason why that resolution,stand-
ing alone, should not be voted for. I do not see
why Congress, if necessary, if a Territorial Le-
gislature will not do it, should not provide secu-
rities for all constitutional rights always. The
difficulty in the case is this: the resolution which
precedes this declares that it is a constitutional
right to take and hold slaves as property in the
Territories. Evidently, the man who puts for-
ward the fifth resolution means the words <e con-
stitutional rights" to be understood as defined in
the resolution which precedes it. That is the fair
understanding of it. As it is proposed to take
these votes seriatim on each resolution by itself,
I desire it to be undesstood, when we come to vote
on the fifth resolution, that I cannot vote for it;
because the "constitutional rights" which are to
be provided for, as I understand, are those rights
defined in the resolution which immediately pre-
cedes it. No gentleman can complain of my un-
derstanding it so. Therefore, understanding it
so, I shall vote against that by itself.
In short, Mr. President, I understand these res-
olutions^ a series, as gentlemen term them, hold-
ing relation to each other, explaining eadi other,
standing in connection with each other; and hence
it is that I shall vote on each in the connection in
which it stands; and if I think that connection
calls from me a different opinion from what there
would be if it stood by itself alone, I shall express
it by my vote.
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to say to the Senator
from Vermont that the meaning of the fifth reso-
lution, as intended, does cover the assertion of
the fourth.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it so.
Mr. DAVIS. It covcrs, also, every constitu-
tional right other than that embraced in the fourth
resolution, but it covers the one embraced in the
fourth. Therefore, if he denies the proposition
of the fourth, he is clearly bound to vote against
the fifth resolution. I say so.
Mr. COLLAMER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. DAVIS. And therefore it is fair to vote
seriatim.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it, no gentleman of
ordinary candor will find fault with the principle
I have stated.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course not.
Mr. COLLAMER. But I wished to have it
stated, so that if the votes are taken on the reso-
lutions separately, it may be known why 1 vote
agains the fifth one in this connection, although,
standing by itself, it would be unobjectionable.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend will perceive that we
intend to deal fairly in the resolutions. Therefore
thefourthpresentsexactlythe idea against which,
as I understand him, he would vote, m voting
upon the fifth.
Mr. COLLAMER. It includes it, and it in-
cludes more.
Mr. DAVIS. The fifth resolution includes
what is claimed in the fourth; but in the fourth,
preceding it, the idea is presented and voted on,
and no man can fairly say that he who votes
against the fourth does not furnish his reasons
for his vote against the fifth.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe I, with ordinary
candor, must be understood that I vote against
such a resolution which, standing alone, would
be unobjectionable to me; because, standing with
the other resolutions, it is exceptionable.
Mr. KENNEDY. As the debate is to be con-
cluded on these resolutions without further speak-
ing, I desire to say briefly, that. I had the honor
some time ago to offer some amendments to the
resolutions of the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, for which I shall vote. I offered those
amendments more as a reason for voting for them.
I believe them to be in accordance with the views
of a majority of the people of my State. I should
have been very glad, at a proper time, if any op-
portunity had presented itself, to give my reasons
why I shall vote for them, more at length. I was
elected to this body by a party entertaining pecu-
liar views opposed to the original action on the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, which we conceived to in-
volve the whole doctrine of what is now denom-
inated here as the principle ofsquatter sovereignty;
and with a view to explain the vote that I shall
give upon these resolutions, I offered the amend-
ments which will come up in turn.
I am very happy to find that after a full exam-
ination of this subject, and after the elaborate ex-
position of the programme of the great party upon
the other side of the Chamber upon their view of
the doctrine of popular sovereignty, or the power
of Congress in the Territories—1 am happy to
find by the subsequent argument, resolutions and
debates, that my friends of the South now justify
mo in the course that I have taken. The amend-
ments do not conflict in any manner whatever
with the resolutions of the distinguished Sen-
ator from Mississippi.; but in my humble judg-
ment are in entire accordance with the sentiments
entertained by a majority of the Senators on this
side of the House. 'With that view, and for that
particular purpose, and more particularly since
the decision of the Dred Scott case, I am proud
to have an opportunity to vote for sentiments
enunciated here by the distinguished Senator from
Mississippi in accordance with the cardinal views
of my party platform. I am glad to find that he
is on the side of the Union, and fighting for the
Union. The distinguished Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] made his speech from thqj
desk in which he declared this sentiment:
" That the choice of the nation is now between the Dem-
ociatic party and the Republican party. Its principles and
policy are justly and necessarily examined. I know only
one policy which it has adopted or avowed, namely: saving
of the Territories of the United States, it possible, by con-
stitutional and lawful means, from being the homes tor sla-
very and polygamy."
That construction of constitutional means has
been most fully and ably illustrated by distin-
guished gentlemen upon the other side of the
Chamber. From the views that they have taken of
this subject, I utterly and entirely dissent. Speak-
ing for myself, I speak for the principles upon
which I was elected here against this whole doc-
trine of popular sovereignty in the Territories, or
squatter sovereignty, as it has flow come to bo un-
derstood. That doctrine of squatter sovereignty,
if carried out, I beg leave to say in brief, as sin-
cerely as I am standing upon this floor, I believe
tends to I he dissolution of the Union of these States;
and as a friend of this Union, in defense of the
Constitution of this country, I shall stand by the
resolutions of the Senator from Mississippi as the
only means of preserving this Union ana promot-
ing the peace and general welfare of the country.
I do not know, sir, whether I am to be sus-
tained or not by the party who sent me here; but
these arc my honest convictions. I came here as
the advocate of the Constitution and the Union.
I have chosen to-take my own course in deciding
upon question that arise here, utterly irrespective
of the dictates of party cliques or factions. I do
not desire now to enter into a lengthy or elab-
orate argument to justify my course. lam pre-
pared to do it before my constituents at home,
if they are dissatisfied with the course I have
taken, after having sworn to support the Consti-
tution of the United States as it has been inter-
preted for seventy years. If I am to be repudi-
ated upon that ground as a sectional man, 1 shall
bow to their behest. I desire to say here, as I
have said once before, that, believing as I do, in
all candor—I say it in all frankness and courtesy
to the gentlemen on the other side of this Cham-
ber—that their doctrines are sectional, and do
tend to the disruption of the Union and the break-
ing up of the Confederacy; with that understand-
ing, representing, as I do, a border slave State,
bound by every tie and every consideration to the
Union, I should be recreant to the high obliga-
tions that have been imposed upon me. if 1 did not
enter my feeble protest against the principles and
the policy of that party.
With these remarks, sir, I leave the question.
I am perfectly willing the Senate shall decide
upon the resolutions that I had the honor to sub-
mit as amendments. They look simply to the
preservation of the Union. I stand by them; they
have not one word of offense to the distinguished
gentlemen who compose the Republican party
upon the other side. I have acted sincerely. 1
have acted in good faith. I have acted from the
obligations of honor that rest upon me as a rep-
resentative of a southern State, more intimately
and closely connected with this question of sla-
very than any other in the broad Union. Hav-
ing said thus much as necessary briefly to ex-
plain what I should have desired to say more at
length, in explanation of the resolutions I have
had the honor to submit, I leave their further con-
sideration to the better judgment of the Senate
and my own constituents.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is an amendmentin order
at this time, to come in after the fourth resolu-
tion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wilson.)
The question on the resolutions will be put sepa-
rately, and the Chair will direct the Secretary to
read the first resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It will be in order,though,
under the decision of the Chair, to move to amend
any resolution which any Senator desires to
amend? ["Certainly."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Of course.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand the ques-
tion now is on the first resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. To the substance of
that resolution I not only have no objection, but
I heartily approve of it; but in regard to the first
part of it I wish to ask a question. It says:
"That in the adoption of the Federal Constitution, the
States adopting the same acted seveiallv as free and inde-
pendent sovereignties, delegating a portion of theirpowers
to be-cxcreised by the Federal Government for the increased
security of each against dangers, domestic as weli as for-
eign."
Taking this in connection with some remarks
made by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Ma-
son] a few days ago, I do not know but that gen-
tlemen intend, by the language used here, "the
States adopting the same," to establish a consti-
tutional doctrine on that subject. I had supposed
it was not the purpose of these resolutions to
make a question on that subject. I should want
to know, however, from my friend from Virginia,
if he were here, if ho supposes 
Mr. DAVIS. It will give me great pleasure to
answer the Senator from Kentucky, and I think,
probably, I can do it most briefly by stating that,
in 1837 and 1838, this exact question was before
the Senate, and was then argued by men who
have been considered the ablest in our history as
debaters, and not only voted upon it, but with
such great concurrence that I forget the minority
vote against the proposition; but it was so small
as to be scarcely observable. It was admitted at
that time to be true constitutional doctrine, and I
have borrowed the language from the resolutions
of that day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I had the honor to be
one of the men who took part in the debate on the
resolutions at that time, though not certainly of
that class to wnich the gontleman has particularly ■
alluded as the greatest and best men in the
country.
Mr. DAVIS. I would include the Senator
among the class, and the country includes him
among them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did notintend to make
any question about it, bufcffo avoid all egotism by
saying simply thatl was there. I know the ques-
tion was then made. I wanted to ask the Senator
from Virginia whether he supposed that it af-
fected the character of the Government which was
established, whether it was done by the States or
by the people?
Mr. DAVIS. <3h, yes, materially, I think, I
will say in the absence of my friend from Virginia.
To say that it was a Government established by
the States, and not by the people, is a material
distinction.
Mr. CRITTENDKN. On that question I have
a different opinion. It has seemed to me that the
Constitution having; been made and its obligation
acknowledged, it was not the less sacred for hav-
ing been made by the States or by the people. It
was the same instrument. It had the supreme
authority of the people of the United States for
its sanction in one form or the other. I was seek-
ing to inquire whether, in the opinion of gentle-
men holding that it was made by States, they con-
sidered it varied the character of the Constitution,
