1376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27.
jection to that at all; but I would suggest to the
chairman of the committee that he accept the
amendment I propose. In line one hundred and
sixty-five there is a proviso m relation to profes-
sors of mathematics:
Provided, That no appointment to this grade shall be made
to fill vacancies.
I propose, which I think carries out the inten-
tion of the committee, to insert after the word
"grade," the words " or that of chaplain;" so
as to make it read:
Provided, That no appointment to this grade, or that of
cliaplain, shall be made to flu vacancies.
I afipeal to the chairman of the committee
whether the committee were not agreed as to the
propriety of this amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. The Naval Committor did
originally determine upon this Very amendment.
At a subsequent meeting of the committer, how-
ever, I was directed by a vote of the committee to
withdraw it. I am convinced myself that unless
we can adopt some measures to induce our chap-
lains to go to sea, they do not answer the purpose
for which they were appointed. 1 think there are
seven now at sea, and the grade consists of twen-
ty-four; and the rest are distnbuted around where
ever places can lie found for them, at naval sta-
tions and navy.-yards. There are five or six, I
think, for whom places cannot lie found. The
grade, 111 that respect, is too large. If we pay
them as lieutenants, as proposed in the bill, they
get no increase unless for sea-service. That is
put m as an inducement for them to go to sea.
l'he committee did not adopt this amendment, to
appoint no more chaplains to the Navy; Imt I am
perfectly willing to leave it to the sense of the Sen-
ate. My own opinion is, that we ought to adopt
such a system of appointing chaplains as to leave
the selection of a chaplain to the officer in com-
mand of a squadron, so that the chaplain would
always have the support of the commanding offi-
cer; and thus make lus moral ami religious inllu- j
dice greater m tin-squadron than under the pres-
ent system.
Mr. fiA/fLA.Y. I desire to ask the chairman
of the conunitiee if any chaplain has ever declined
to go to sea when required to do so by the fciecre-
ttiry of the Navy ?
Jfor. MALLORY. I do not think an instance
fms occurred of a chaplain declining to go to sen.
I think (ho grade is too large for the present means
of sending them to row. We can only send a
chaplain to sea, under the present regulations, on
a frigate. 1 know no ehnplain who went to sea
tn a sloop. If they went in a sloop, one of ihe
watch offerers would have to «i\e up his m.tte-
room to tin- ehnplain; he would have to sleep in
(he country, as- the snifors end it, to aceommo •
date the chaplain. Hence they lea\e chaplains
on the shore. No chaplain declines sea-duty; but
v\'r haw not ships to send (hem in.
Mr. J!AftL\N. 1 have been informed by one
or two chaplains of the Navy that the officers in
command of ships at sea frequently manage them
for the purpose of enabling some humbler officer
to perfoi ni tin1 duties of chaplain, and thus draw
(us pay. I inquire of the chau man if (his Ik- (rue?
Mr. M A LLORY. It is an inquiry I cannot an-
swer, of course. I do not know where the Sen-
ator gets his information from. If he asks me
whether I believe it, t tell him no. 1 do not be-
lieve any officer of the Navy seeks himself to
perform the duties of chaplain. There is no pay
allowed an otlieer for the perfoimance of the duty.
I believe the fact IS just as I said, ihat chaplains
cannot be a< commod.tfed on sloops-of-war, with-
out displacing a watch officer, f never heard of
a chapiam desiring to go to sea in a sloop-of-war.
They are always in frigates, and they aie nowaf i
sea m frigates.^ Wherever you find a frigate or j
flag-ship, you lmd a chaplain. 1 do not suppose i
for a moment, that any chaplain would decline
sea-service when ordered to a frigate; butthatthe
officers themselves do not want chaplains aboard,
I am not advised; I am not able to say. I sup-
pose, however, m a small vessel,wherc'thc officer
would have to displace, himself or one of lus lieu-
tenants, to givo place to a chaplain, he, of course,
would not desire it.
Mr. IVEHSQX This nmendmontof thoSen- ,
ator from Louisiana,) think, is rather too extens- ■
ive in its operation, if 1 understand the vcibiagc
of it, it is that no vacancies occurring hereafter
shall be filled If that becomes the law, the num- !
ber of chaplains may be rcduced down to one,
two, or three. The President cannot fill a vacancy
that may occur, and the number may be reduced
so that we shall have no chaplains in the Navy.
I have no objection to passing a law to limit the
number, to reduce the number, if you will, to a
certain quantity, and perhaps such a law might
be very proper; because there may be more chap-
lains now than the service requires. 1 do not know
how that is. I am not familiar with the service,
and therefore cannot speak understandingly on
it. But the operation of this amendment, 1 ap-
prehend, is intended to exclude two gentlemen
who have beeu nominated by the President to the
Senate, and whose nominations have been re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
that committee have notreported back those nom-
inations. I .suppose that the object of the amend-
ment is really to exclude those gentlemen. If
you limit the power to appoint as proposed, it
may so operate, in process of time, as to cut
down the chaplains to an inconsiderable number—
far below the necessary demands of the service.
At any rati?, the Senator's amendment should be
so woided as to guard against that contingency,
it seem« to me; but the language is that no va-
cancy hereafter shall be filled. For my own
part, J think that as the law stands regulating
the number of chaplains in the Navy, it is proper
that all the offices should be filled until Congress
passes a law reducing the number. I do not
think it altogether fair that the two gentlemen who
have been recently nominated by"the President,
in accordance with the law as it now exists, should
be defeated of their nominations by a side-wipe
of tlus kind; and therefore i shall vote against
the amendment.
Mr. SL1DELL. Mr. President , so far as I am
concerned, and I think I may safely say so far as
evei y individual member of the Naval Committee ;
is concerned, we are entirely ignorant of the per-
sonal eharai ter of the two gentlemen who are said
to have been nominated to the Senate. 1 do not
known whether it is exactly m conformity with
the theoiy of our peculiar body and institutions
that reference should be made to what has oc-
curred, or may occur, and be pending in execu-
tive session; but I will sav hypothetieally, that if
such nominations have been made, they were
made after the Naval Committee had informed the
Secretary of the Navy that, in their opinion, the
interests of the service did not require the ap-
pointment of these additional officers.
Now, there are two means of meeting (he ob-
jection of lhe Senator fiom Georgia. If ihe nuni-
bei of chaplains J>c so reduced as to be below the
number lequned by the exigencies of the service,
it will then be in ihe power of Congress to au-
thorize the appointment of additional chaplains.
It may lie obviated in a mode much more simple.
We have many more chaplains now than are re-
quired for the wants of the service; and to meet
the supposed dillic.ulty of the Senator from Geor-
gia, 1 will so amend my amendment as to say
that no appointments shall be made to fill the va-
cancies until the number shall have been reduced
to fifteen, which is more than the service requires.
I will state further, that 1 have very great doubts
of the policy of having any chaplains m the Navy.
We liave been exceedingly annoyed by complaints
on every hand; and I think, in some instances, re-
monstrances have been made by the Legislatures
of the different States that some persuasion, I
think the Protestant Episcopal Church, seems to
enjoy a monopoly in the appointment of chaplains
i in the Navy. 1 should prefer to get rid of these
j objections altogether; but as the. Senate may
i not be prepared to act on so sweeping a propo-
sition as that, I shall content myself now with
endeavoring to reduce the number to fifteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as modified, is m line one hundred and
sixty-five, to insert after<k grade," the word1* " or
that of chaplain;" and, in line one hundred and
sixty-six, after the word "vacancies," to insert
"until the number of chaplains shall be u-duced
to fifteen;" so that the clause will read:
PronJcd, That no appointment to thi-enule, oi that of
chaplain, shall he made to fill vacancies, until the number
ot chaplains shall be i educed to fmeon.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, i do not
rise to discuss this question, but simply to suirg< st
to the honorable Senator from Louisiana that the
subject of reducing the number of chaplains tn the
Navy, it strikes me, had better be connected with
some general Jaw, reducing the number of officers
of the Navy; cither providing for their being re-
tired at a given age, on some pay, leave pay or
half pay, or furlough pay; or for cutting down the
number of officers in the Navy to those required
for efficient and active service. I do not pro-
pose any amendments of that kind myself to this
bill, because this bill has reference to the pay of
the Navy; but this whole subject of reducing the
supernumeraries in the Navy, it seems to me, can
be provided for by some geneial legislation, by a
bill that will meet the whole case.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin that already, by common con-
sent, as well in the substitute of the Senator from
Maine, as in the original bill reported by the
chairman of the Naval Committee, these reduc-
tions have been made in other grades—the grades
of professors of mathematics and of sail-makers.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to record my vote
against the amendment, and hence I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs another ques-
tion: whether, by any regulation of the naval ser-
vice, the chaplains of the Navy arc required to
conform to the Episcopal service ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; there is no such
regulation whatever. The Secretary of the Navy
would clearly be unauthorized to prescribe any
form for service. The act of 1800, " for the better
u'gulation of the Navy," was the original act
which required divine service to be performed
on board our vessels, and the regulation of the
Department has .simply conformed to that "di-
vine service." I will say to the Senator from
Iowa here, that every chaplain m the Navy con-
forms his services, whatever they are, to his own
convictions; and that we have, on board six differ-
ent ships, perhaps six different forms at the same
time.
Mr. HAMLIN. The statement of the Senator
from Florida may be law, but I do not think it is
fact, 1 have no doubt he states accurately what
is the law and the rule the Department prescribes.
I have also no earthly doubt that in very many
cases the commanders of vessels have produced
disturbance where the chaplain has not seen fit to
comply with that kind of service which the officer
thought he ought to have.
Mr. MALLORY. As to that, there are con-
troversies pending always between officers and
chaplains, of couise; the ofilters anxious to sim-
plify the foims as much as possible, and the chap-
lains having their own convictions. That has
nothing to do with the regulation of the service.
When these complaints are made, the Department
always notices them, and admonishes the officer
that he cannot interfere with a thing of that kind.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. tienimmii, Bias™, Bright, Clay, Clms-
Ri;m, I)ou!<liK, l^tch, Hunter, Malloiy, Nicholson, Pea ice
i'olk, Powell, Sebastian, and Sltdell—15.
NAYS-—Mcsm-s. Bigler, Drown, Chandler, Che^uf,
Claik, D,ui>, Doohttle, Fe^enden, Fit/patnck, Foot,
(Jrceti, (Jrnne^, Hamlin, Ilarlan, I Vinson, Kennedy. La
tham, SauKbuiy, tieward, Simmons, Sumnei, Ten'Evck
and \Vij;fall—-JJ. 9 '
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to come m after line sixty-five of the un-
ginal bill:
In no cifc shall any pci>nn officiating as chaplain leccive
eompcn-aiion thcuMor who is not a chaplain.
Mr. MALLORY. Such a thing has never been
done since we have had a Navy. It is entirely
unnec.essat y. No such claim has overbeen made.
Mr. HARLAN. Then it will do no harm; and
I have been informed differently by the chaplains
of the Navy themselves.
Mr. MALLORY. It is an implication that
naval officers have received pay for acting as chap-
lains. f say again no such thing has ever occurx*ed
since we have had a Navy; no such pretension
has ever been made.
^I-A-^-LAN. I have no controversy with
the Senator as to the fact. The amendment can
do no harm.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well; but I hope it
wjj] not be adopted.
Mr. HARLAN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
