1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
the clergy now in the public service, persevere m
the course which would seem to be indicated by
this amendment, tho time may arrive when it will
be necessary to rescue the public service from the
hands of the clergy.
Sir, a shio-of-war presents a very peculiar com-
munity. They are governed by law; they are
governed by tJie regulations of the service; and
they are, more than ull, governed by the command-
ing officer of the ship, who is, from the necessity 1
of his position, in a great degree a despot over
those under his charge. Now, what is the chap-
lain on board one of these ships? 1 will tell you
what he ought to be: a gentleman who respects
himself, and then all others would respect him.
If he is not that sort of a man, he is out of place
on move occasions than one. If he respects him-
self and I know anything of human nature, all
around him will respect him. If lie is jeitlous and
tenacious, and disposed to carp, to quarrel about
little matters that he thinks pertain to his office
which are taken from him, he will not only bring
himself into deserved disrepute, but he will bring
his cloth into great disrepute, and deserved dis-
repute.
1 look on these chaplains as important func-
tionaries on board ships-of-\var; not only for the
religious services which they perform for all those
around them, but because they tend to humanize,
to restrain, and modeiate the passionate emotions
► of the human mind, which always require every
restraint that can be put upon them, 1 dare say
quite as much, and more, in a ship-of-war than
elsewhere; but it is an alien service that is in-
grafted on the public service.
The complaint, 1 understand, is, that there are ;
occasions when divine service,as it is (ailed, us i
allowed to be performed by others than ministers !
of the Gospel. No instance is st.ued; but it is said j
that the public mind is disturbed on this subject, |
and that congregations have passed resolutions, i
Why, Mr. Viesideiu, in thU day i suspect there '
are \ery ll'W subjects pertninimv to politics, mor- ,,
als, or religion, on which these soeieiies have not ■;
passed resolutions of some kind. These religious
societies had better let the subject alone, m my j
judgment, not as a member of any one of those
societies, but as one having something to do with j
the Go\eumicnt; and therefore, to that extent at i
least, interested. It has been always the policy |
Of the Government to he ve chaplains in the public ;
service. We have them here m the Senate; we i
have them in the other br.mch: we have ihem m :
the Army, we have them m the Navy; but who j
are they? They are citi/.ens peiforining a pe-
culiar function,kindly end charitably undertaken '
by them, not to govci n men in this world, but to <
lead them to a belter. They ou^hf to be clothed,
with forbemance, kindness; nunc than all, w ith i
humilit y, not t<> en U i into i be m rifes of I he world ;
never to behe\e, unless they have such evidence ;
that the senses cannot legist, that icspecl is not |
shown them !
There aic very few men m the woild entitled j
to respee( who do not iccrive it. I would vmdi- j
cate tie- clergy from assaults of that kind. I do |
not know that, in the scope of my acquaintance, :
1 have th«i good fortune personally Jo know a sin-
gle naval chaplain. 1 doubt not that lar the greater [
proportion me worthy of tIn* office they Jill; but !
there may be sonic unworthy men amon  them, |
tenacuma, sensitive, fjnspicious, jealous minds, ;
wh<  think thai injustice is dime them, or that j
shrht is put upon them, or that some wrong is i
done them, when leally mine was ever supposed |
or intended. They haw no rights in the Navy !
but these v,Inch the law confers. I do not under- '
stand the honorable Senator fi om Iowa to say that
the luw lias evei been wnlateil; but llie chaplains !;
of tho Nu\y—I will not say the chaplains of tin;
Navy, for t believe then1 is a body of sonse that ' i
pervades them that would scout the idea—but if !
there be any chaplain in the Navy who would say 'j
that a ship at sea or anywhere else, whose crew '!
or whose complement desired prayers or divine '!
service of any kind, should not be allowed to have !
it unless there was a man of the cloth there to do |
it, I say that man is unworthy of his mission.
Mr. 'HARLAN. If the Scnatoi will allow me, !
1 will state that he seems to be laboring under a ;
misapprehension. The amendment is not intended j
to prevent an officer of the Navy from reading ser- '
vice or performing the duties of a chaplain in the I
absence of a chaplain; but it is intended to pre-
vent any other individual than the chaplain f-om
drawing the pay of a chaplain. To illustrate what
I mean 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit an
amendment to his amendment, so as to prohibit
anybody Jjut surgeons drawing the pay of'a sur-
geon; anybody but lieutenants drawing the pay
of a lieutenant, or anybody but schoolmasters
drawing the pay of a schoolmaster?
Mr. 1JARLAN. I will iliusliate what I mean.
If the Chaplain of the Senate should happen to be
absent at the hour of twelve o 'clock, and the Sen-
ate should prefer not to proceed to the discharge
of their ditties until after prayers were offered,
and the President of the Senate should read the
service, it would all be well. If, however, he
should apply to draw the pay of the Chaplain of
the Senate, m addition to his pay as Vice Presi-
dent, it perhaps would not appear to be so well.
If an abuse of that kind should be complained of,
it would be altogether proper for the Senate to
correct the abuse.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What I do want the Sena-
tor to explain to us is this—I have tried to get at
it: by what possibility can a man draw pay as
chaplain under the law as it stands now, who is
not a chaplain ?
Mr. FESSFiNDEN. I think I can make an
explanation that will satisfy the Senator from
Louisiana about, that, and the Senator from Iowa
also. It is perfectly manifest that if a person m
that condition receives pay, it cannot be out of
the public money, because the number of chap-
lains is fixed; their service is fixed; the Depart-
ment knows where they are, whether they are at
sea or on duty or on leave, and where they are
placed. Therefore nobody can receive pay hut
'hem; but it piobably anses fiom the fact that
officeis of the Navy are so d<snous of having'
these services on board their vessels, so fond of
it and devoted to it, that they pav a man out of
their own pockets, [laughter,] and I do not see
any objection to it.
Mr. MASON. I really think, unless the Sen-
atorstates some instance where the laws and rules
have been violated by paying a man to discharge
these services who was not entitled to do so, that
to pass the amendment would be a reflection on
the officers of the service. I hope, therefore, it
will not be adopted.
Mt. HARLAN I am certainly lint fastidious
on this subject, and do not wish to be m>. If the
law of the country' now prohibits an abuse of
that ktnd, 1 am certainly content; but 1 ha\e
undcistood f'lom gintleinen of respei (ability, at
least 1 r<';ard them as .such, that the abuse to
which I ha\e icfeired has occurred repeatedly,
anil I iia.\e a desire to coriect it. I am not satis-
fied, fioni the naked leading of the law by the
thairman of the committee, that tho law it? as he
understands it; but if it should be thus understood
by t he members of the Senate, certai nly 1 am con-
tent if the abuse cannot occur hereafter. It seems
to me, howe\er, that the amendment suggested
can do no harm. It is not intended as a reflection
on any officer of the Navy, and not being intended
as such, ! am at a loss to see how it could becon-
sti ued as .i lellectiou on them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
iuck in the chair.) The question is on theamend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, en which the
yeas and nays have been ordeied.
Tin- question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 3"2; as follows:
YI'.AS—Hiii<rliam, Chandler, Claik, Oollatner,
Doohttle, Duikee, Ginne-, Hamlin. Ilatlan, Kms, Sewaid.
Simmon-. Sumtiei, Tea Ttuinlmll, ant! Wade-—10.
\' VYS—Messi- i.enjamin, iii^tci, Urai'sc, Himht, Crown.
(,'l.u. Clmirmat). Cuttciuleu, Doimlas, Kadi, Fitz-
patuek, (iwni, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, Ivei-on,
.Johnson «l Aikansa*, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mallory,
iMa-on. Nicholson, Pcaiee, Polk. Powell, liice, Saulsbury,
Sebastian, Slideil, and Wiglall—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment to the original bill, to come in after the word
"lieutenant," m the sixty-fifth line:
Cut their increased compensation shall be regulated by
the <ame tcim of service as pui-ci-  and surgeons.
So that the clause will read:
Chaplain* shall he p;ud as lieutenants; but their increased
compensation >ha!i bo regulated by the harue teim of ser-
vice as pur&ers and suigcons.
I do not object to the clause as it now stands,
that the compensation which chaplains shall re-
ceive shall be that which is fixed in the pnor
clauses of the bill as the pay of lieutenants; but
I do object, and I think there is very good reason
for the objection, to have the increased compen-
sation of the chaplains dependent upon the same
rules as the increased pay of the lieutenants. If
I understand it, they have what they call staff
officers on board ship; they have chaplains; they
have surgeons; they have engineers; they have
pursers. I may use the expression, and be un-
derstood in what I mean, when I say they are
civilians; they are not officers in the technical
sense of the word. They are staff officers. Now
I insist that it is unjust to wrest the chaplain from
the rest of4thc staff, and make his increased com-
pensation depend upon one standard, and to make
the other staff officers depend upon another stand-
ard of increase. I therefore ask that they shall
have their increased pay regulated in the same
way as other staff officers. I do not object to the
pay they arc to receive; but you ought not to wrest
one of the staff from the staff officers and make
his increased pay dependent on one standard, and
leave others upon another; and that is the reason
why I offer the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If a vote can be taken on
this amendment without debate, I -am willing to
allow it to be done. I was about to move an ad-
journment; but if there is to be no discussion on
this amendment, I have no objection to let the vote
be taken. [" Question !"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMMOND. I desire an adjournment,
not depriving the Senator from Florida of the floor
to-morrow. Unless he has some particular objec-
tion, I movi that wc adjourn.
Mr. MALLORY. There are one or more
amendments which I should like to put on the bill,
which are essential, and I think will be concurred
in wifhoutdiscussion, before we adjourn. ["To-
morrow !"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina has moved that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator will withdraw
it for a. moment, I will renew the motion. I de-
sire to send to the Secretary's desk an amend-
ment, which f shall propose to offer at thopioper
tune as a substitute for the whole bill. I desire
to have it printed. It is:
That all otlieers of the Hinted State-* Navv now drawing
annual salane-, s*iuil heie.ifter iceei\e, and be paid, an ad-
ditional allowance ot twenty-five per cent, upon the ?ala-
i ie< now allowed bv law, except when on leave oi 1'ui lough ;
dm ins which time then increased pay bhail be only twelve
and a halt pet cent, upon their p;e.scnt salaiy.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 now renew the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TuKisDAY, March £7, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was lead and approved.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Anbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
and bills of the following titles, in which he was
diieeted to ask the concurrence of the House:
A resolution (No. 8) relating to the claim of
George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased;
An act (No. 14) for the relief of Francis Dainese;
An act (No. 31) for the relief of Theresa Dar-
denne, widow of Abraham Dardcnne, deceased,
and their children;
An act (No. 66) to authorize and direct the set-
tlement of the accounts of Ross Wilkins, James
"Witherell, and Solomon Sibley;
An act (No. 92) authorizing the courts to ad-
judicate the claim of the legal representatives of
the Sieur de Bonne and of the Chevalier de Re-
pentigny to certain lands at the SaultSte. Marie,
in the State of Michigan;
