1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
An act (No. 106) authorizing the Domestic and
Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in the United States to enter
a certain tract of land in the State of Wisconsin;
An act (No. 108) for the relief of Mrs. M. E.
Childs;
An act (No. 109) for the relief of John Hastings,
collector of the port of Pittsburg; and
An act (No. 306) to settle the titles to lands
along the boundary line between the States of
Georgia and Florida.
Also, that the Senate had ordered, on March
26, 1860, at twenty minutes after one o'clock, the
printing of the usual number of copies of the me-
morial of Edward Lamed, of New York, sub-
mitting a method for building a railroad to the
Pacific by the present railroad companies of the
United States.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolned, That the Committer on Foreign Affaire be in-
structeii to Inquiie into the expediency of so modifying
the diplomaticand consularsystemofthe United States, as
to dispense with ail official leprescntatives of this Govern-
ment m toreign countries, except consuls, commissioners,
and other commercial agents, and providing for the appoint-
ment of other agents ot this Government to foreign coun-
tries for diplomatic purpose*, in such special cases as may
from time to time arise, when the loreign relation* of this
Government may require such appointment; and that said
committee be permitted to report by bill or otherwise.
PONCA APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the Senate amendments to
the bill (H. R. No. 216) making appropriations
for fulfilling' treaty stipulations with the Ponca
Indians and with certain hands of Indians in the
State of Oregon and the Territory of Washing-
ton, for the year ending 30th June, I860, upon
which the previous question has been seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken on concurring in all the
Senate amendments to the bill; and they were
concurred in.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the consideration of House bill No. j
1U> further to provide for the safety of passen- |
gers on vessels propelled in whole or m part by i
steam; the consideration of which had been post-
poned till this day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Its consideration was post-
poned till after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I beg the
gentleman's pardon. It was not so postponed,
and I prefer to go on with the matter now.
The bill itself will not, I trust, invoke any very
great amount of discussion. No man can be more
fully aware than I am of the difficulties of passing
a bill of this character; but I trust that, as gentle-
men have had an opportunity of examining the
bill, and a-s they undoubtedly have examined it
and have made themselves familiar with its provis-
ions, they will be prepared to pass it at this time.
I need not state that the Committee on Commerce
consider it of great importance that this bill should
be passed. It has been considered, not only by
the Committee on Commerce of the present House,
but by the Committees on Commerce of the House
for the last two Congresses, and by one commit-
tee of the Senate. In the Thirty-Fourth Congress
a bill substantially like that now presented was
reported by the Committee on Commerce of the !
House; but no action was taken on it during that j
Congress, and it fell. During the last Congress
alike bill was reported by the Committee 011 Com-
merce, and after discussion it was finally referred
to that " tomb of the Capulets," the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and there
it died. I am aware that, if there be any opposi-
tion to this bill, it will be made in the shape of a
motion to refer it to the Committee of the W hole
on the state of the Union. Now, where there is
but little opposition to a bill, where there is a large
and controlling majority in its favor, it may be re-
ferred to that committee, and caneasily be reached;
but in relation to a bill of this character, where (
there may be very considerable differences of opin-
ion, U must be evident—it is well known, partic- '
ularly to every old member ot the House—that if
it be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the .state of the Union it will never be reached in
its regular order. IFit be brought before the House
at all, it must be by amotion to discharge the Com-
mittceof the Wholeon the state of the Union from
its further consideration: and when thus brought
before the House, it must be passed under the op-
eration of the previous question. I wish, there-
fore, to say to gentlemen that, if there be p. desire
to pass this bill, it must be considered now; for,
if it be sent to the Committee of the Wholeon the
state of the Union, it will share the fate of the bill
on the same subject that was sent there at the last
Congress. It would be different if it were a bill
for which there would be a majority of the House
sufficiently large to go into the committee and take
it up atany time, or discharge the committee from
its further consideration.
This, sir, is a bill for the protection of the lives
of passengers on vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam. It is a bill in which the con-
stituents of every member on this floor are inter-
ested. The present law requires additional gitards
and restrictions. If we refer back, we will find
that there was no law on this subject prior to
1838. A law was then passed which provided for
the inspection of the boilers and hulls of vessels
by inspectors to be appointed by the judges of the
district courts. Although that law was imperfect
m detail, still the appointment of these inspect-
ors, and the inspection of boilers and hulls made
by them, were productive of the best conse-
quences, and contributed, m a very large degree,
to the safety of human hfe.
Two amendments were made to that law, one
in 1843, and one m 1849; they were amendments
on particular points. In 1851-2, the subject was
again brought before Congress, and another law
was passed intended to be complete and perfect,
and to coverall wants in thatregaid. That law was
principally the work of one of the wisest and ablest
men and legislators whoever sat in either branch
of Congress—John Davis, of Massachusetts; but
the experience under this law has shown that other
and further amendments arc requisite, in order the
better to protect hfe. The bill now reported by
the Committee on Commerce is a bill of some
thirty sections. If gentlemen will refer to the re-
'port made by the committee, they will find a full
explanation of each of the proposed amendments.
The first amendment proposed in this bill is in
making the law apply to the ferry-boats, tug-
boats, and freight-boats, which do not come within
the provisions of the law of 1852. They do come
within the provisions of the law of 1838, which,
however, only requires an inspection to be made
by the inspectors appointed by the district courts.
It is not required by that law that these ferry-
boats, and tow-boats, and freight-boats, should
have their pilots or engineers licensed.
Now, sir, it must be evident to every man who
considers this subjcct, that there is an eminent
propriety in bringing these ferry-boats under the
law of 1852, so that they should be inspected, not
by the inspectors appointed by the district judges,
whose compensation consists of the fees, but by
the Government inspectors, who arc paid by the
Government; and the fees received for that ser-
vice go into the Treasury. We propose that the
provisions of the law of J838, in relation to the
appointment of these inspectois, shall be repealed,
and that these boats shall be inspected by the
local board of inspectors, as provided m the pro-
posed amendment.
There is, sir, I repeat, an eminent propriety m
this. One of the most terrible accidents which
has ever taken place in this country was upon
these ferry-boats. Gentlemen may well recol-
lect the accident in the Delaware river, on a ferry-
boat, crossing from Camden, in your State, sir,
to Philadelphia, where a large number of passen-
gers, womenandchildren,were destroyed, burned
and scalded and drowned, in one of these ferry-
boats, which had not undergone the inspection of
such aboard of inspectors as is provided for m the
proposed amendments. It is to remedy that evil
that we propose, in the present law, to bring these
ferry-boats, and these tug-boats, and these freight-
boats, all of them, under the provisions of the first
section of the bill which is now before the House.
I am aware, sir, that it js always the case when
you undertake to legislate as we do by this bill,
that you run ath wart private in terests, an d that you
find these steamboat proprietors coming here in
order to defeat all legislation for the protection of
the lives of passengers. They do not desire that
the strong arm .of the law shall be placed On them.
They do not desire that they shall be required to
furnish such guards for human life,as we propose t
here. They do not desire that their passengers
shall be limited to a given iiumber-*~a nqmberj
which they can carry safely and provide for as
they should provide for them. But I may say,
in regard to tiiis bill, that I have heard of nd re-
monstrances on your table againsfc-its passage
from any quarter; although it has been .before thee
country, and its provisions are well known* I.
know of no remonstrance which has come up-,
here against its passage, and I presume there will
be no opposition to it, unless it be from a partic-,
ular part of the country, where a very large steam-
boat interest is concerned. There is no remon-'
strance against it from the great West, from our
steamboat men there, who are willing that there
shall be reasonable provisions of law on this sub-:
ject. There is no objection to it from the South,
and none from New England. There is no objec-
tion anywhere, except, perhaps, from a particular
quarter, to the passage of these amendments^ and
whether there will be any serious opposition from
that quarter remains to be seen. That quarter is.
New York city.
We extend the provisions of the law of 1852 to
sea-going steamers. We provide that the num-
ber of passengers in some of these sea-going-
steamers shall be limited to a reasonable number.;
We provide farther that steamers shall be exam-
ined by these local inspectors from time to time,
in order that they may know, and in order that
through them the public may know, whether these
steamers are.sea-worthy or whether they are old,
rotten, worm-eaten hulks, which the cupidity and
avarice of steamboat proprietors would put upon
our waters, and perhaps, under new names, en-
trap unwary passengers into.
We also provide that they shall carry a given
number of life-boats and other means of saving
the lives of passengers in case of accidents. Now,
sir, when this bill was up two years ago, it was
urged against it that we limited the passengers to
too small a number. We propose to provide in
this bill that no ocean-going steamer, running
move than four hundred miles, shall carry more
than one passenger to every three and a half tons;
and that we believe to be an entirely reasonable
limit, and one to which there can be no just ob-
jection.
Under the law of 1852—and I beg the attention of
gentlemen to it—the supervising and local inspect-
ors had power and authority to limit the number
of passengers m these steamers. The law of 1852
embraced, to some extent, the provisions of the law
of the British Parliament on this subject, and under
it these supervisors were authorized to limit the
number ofpasscngers on these ocean-goingsteam-
ers. But m 1855 the attention of Congress was
railed to the flagrant abuses on the emigrant pas-
senger ships; and so great was the interest felt,
so great was the demand of the public that there
should be some legislation on that subject, that on
the 3d of March, 1855, Congress passed a law
limiting the number of passengers on board of
emigrant ships. That act referred more particu-
larly to sailing vessels. Before that time the hor-
rors of the middle passage were revived on board
these emigrant ships Congress stepped in, upon
the motion, T believe, of a then distinguished Sen-
ator from New York—Governor Fish—and they
passed an act limiting the number of passengers
to one to every two tons. By that act, the dis-
cretion was taken out of the hands of the super-
vising inspectors, and the same limit was placed
upon the number of passengers which might be
carried in steamers as in sailing vessels—namely,
one passenger to every two tons. Congress over-
looked the difference between a sailing vessel and
a steam vessel—that from one third to one half of
the room in a steam vessel is taken up by her
machinery and her place for fuel. They did not
tak^ that into consideration; and it will 'be seen
that, taking this fact into account, the number of
passengers we propose to allow steam vessels to
carry corresponds to that allowed to sailing ves-
sels, allowing for the difference in room.
Now, sir, it was urged, I think, during the last
Congre ss, that this was unreasonable, that it would
ii strike down trade, and that none of these vessels
{ could afford to run if the number of passengers
!i was thus restricted. It was said, farther, that it
il was a discrimination in favor of foreigners.
