THE QOISTGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 6,
to others by mentioning the names, that I would
Yate for Thomas Corwin, of Ohio, or Governor
Bennington, of New Jersey, for Speaker, regard-
ing them as national, conservative men. But the
Republican party have seen fit—and they had a
perfect right to do it; I disclaim all right to advise^
them; I am not of their organization, and never
have been; I belong to the American party, which,
though small in numbers in this House, is as con-
servative, as Union-loving, and as Constitution-
loving as any party represented in this body—I
say, the Republican party saw fit to place m
nomination a distinguished gentleman from Ohio,
a man for whom 1 entertain the profoundest re-
spect, a man who, I believe, does in his heart repu-
diate every offensive sentiment in Helper's book,
but who has the misfortune to be trammeled and
fettered by I113 party. They will not permit him
to utter from his heart, feelings which are strug-
gling within him. His disclaimer is partial—not
such as I know he desires to express. I know it
was in his heart to get up on this floor and de-
nounce every sentiment contained in that book
to which exception has been taken, and take the
responsibility of offending some of his tender-
footed friends, who might not, perhaps, then
desire to see him placed in that high and honor-
able position.
Mr. Clerk, I .have already consumed more of
the time of the House than was my intention,
but I wish, before I take my seat, to make one
remark to my friend and colleague [Mr. John
Cochrane] who, m stating the reasons why he
could not conscientiously vote for Mr. Maynard,
of Tennessee, alluded to the American party as
being prescriptive m its character. Now, I wish
to say that I did suppose my colleague under-
stood enough of thu character of that party as it
exists in New York, not to have made the charge
here of its being proseriptive in its character,
either in respect to civil or religious rights. Would
my colleague say that the Americans in the State
of New York, last fall, were proseriptive, when
in convention at Utica, they nominated one half of
the State ticket of his party, and in their support of
that ticket demonstrated that they held the bal-
ance of power m that great Htatu > Poos my col-
league not know that but lor the support of this
band of patriotic men, not one man on his ticket
would have been elected <
Perhaps my friend will say they wi re proserip-
tive, because they did not take the whole of his
ticket. Well, sir, the policy which at that time
we deemed prudent to pursue was that calculated
to show, as we desired to show, to the country
that the American party possessed within itself
the elements of power 111 the State of Now York.
And, sir, the sequel did show that that Kinall,
despised party in the State of -New York, that
proseriptive party, ha suilieient power to hold the
balancein the groat Empire State. Amlallhougli
I am here an the only representative and embod-
iment of that principle from that State 011 this
iloor, 1 do hope and trust that it will, like the
grain of mustard seed in the parable, become a
great tree; and that its branches will extend over
the whole country, and that around it will be en-
twined the national sentiment of the people. I
hope that, small as it is now ill rotundity, [laugh-
ter,] a great national party may be built upon it
that shall rise above every feeling of sectionalism,
North or South, under the auspices of which the
Union shall continue in happiness and prosper-
ity; and that that peace and harmony shall pre-
vail which is so much to be desired by every lover
of his country.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Clcik, my
colleague has seen proper to make an inquiry of
me, not so much in respect to the circumstances
known to rac at the time I made tho remark to
which he alludes, as to those he lias just an-
nounced. I am not confident, but I think that I
shall be sustained by reason and employ wisdom
if I declare that his announcement here has sub-
jected my opinions to some modification. His
reference to events which have transpired m our
own State is of a pleasing and profitable charac-
ter. And I, too, bethink me now, that during the
last fall's election thmv was a body of patiiotic
men, not within the healthy organization of the
Democratic party, who so far recollected their
duty to their country as to ndvane.e half way
upon the Democratic ticket, i congratulate the
gentleman and his friends that they have accom-
plished even that much. I congratulate the coun-
try,sir,upon theapproacli ofour Ameiican friends
thus far toward pure Democracy. I would invite
them still further—to be not merely half Demo-
cratic and half American, but to become altogether
such as I am, [laughter,] save these bonds, by
which my colleague sq affectingly describes the
honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
to be hampered and restrained.
Mr. McICEAN. Does my honorable colleague
except the Buffalo platform ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Sir, there is a purity
in tho Democratic party which tolerates, while it
neutralizes even the Buffalo platform. [Laughter.]
If the gentleman, my colleague upon the other
side, is still casting a lingering look back to this
memento of the harassing past, let me advise him
to leave his idols, to imitate my example, to forsake
the quagmires and the tempests of the past, and
to advance to that purer atmosphere and firmer
ground from which heresy is banished, and where
purer and better principles are inculcated and
practiced. [Protracted laughter.]
Sir,ithasbeen announced upon other occasions,
and by other lips than mine, how perilous, how
dangerous is the journey from error to truth; what
mountains arc, to be scaled and surmounted; what
tumultuous rivers passed; what plains reposing in
benighted darkness to be traversed; what doleful
regions to be penetrated in the search for truth.
Such were the dangers that beset the path of the
Barnburners of New York, [laughter,] when,
taking their departure from the Democratic party,
they entered upon obscure by-ways, and ti od with
pilgrims' fuel unaccustomed and thorny paths,
until, travel-stained and wearied, they, from abrupt
crag and beetling cliff, looked down upon the smil-
ing land of the Democracy, and exclaimed," How
goodly are thy tents, 0 Jacob! and thy taber-
nacles, 0 Israel!" [Great laughter.]
Mr. Clerk, I tint aware of the full fruition of
Democratic orthodoxy; and may I not then, from
this "coign of vantage," invite my friends of the
other side to aspire to a similar result ? Theirs
may be ti journey as severe as was mine, and us
dangerous as that I have described; but what
avail's this? It should not deter; fori see dis-
played before me determination, vigilance, ener-
gy. I recognize among my friends on the oppo-
site benches many pilots, fitted to na-wgate the
stormiest of seas.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let me ask them
all, and especially my friend from Ohio, who now
rises from among them the Palinurus of the crew,
to shape their course, from the billowy main and
its yawning perils, to these placid waters, and to
moor their tempest-tossed bark within the Demo-
cratic mole alongside of us  [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. All I wish to know is this:
what will we find at the end of the voyage—arc:
there any snoilsr [Laughter.]
Mr. JOl-lN COCHRANE. My friend asks
mo what will they find at the termination of their
voyage? Li't lum listen. They will not find what
wo have left—the flesh pots of Egypt; [laughter*,]
but they will discover that promised land where
principle is supreme, reason reigns, and where,
m the absence of perturbing forces, the lion and
ihf lamb lie clown together. [Renewed laughter.]
They will find those happy accords and those
Democratic doctrines wlueh arc one day to per-
vade, and which will conserve this Union.
jNow, I maybe allowed somewhat in reference
to my colleague's inquiry. I do not recollect, sir,
that I made u.se of the term proscription when
referring to the party which I designated. I do
remember, however, that I said that m its pecu-
i liar tenets, and m some of its principles, it was
i unjustly restrictive of the wghts and injurious to
! the piivileges of the adopted citizens. When I
| am satisfied, as I should be, by the statements of
j my colleague, that those restrictive principles of
j his party have been abandoned; that all political
| tests founded upon citizens' religion or birth-
J place have been erased from the American creed,
; [Mr. BituiGs nodding affirmatively,] I certainly
| should bci'cmias if I failed to invite both him and
j his party to unite with us in occupying a national
j position.
i If the country can be convinced that the Amcri-
t can organization has abandoned these tests, then
| may it pertinently ask what are the surviving dis-
i tinctions between it and the Democratic party,
and where the obstacle to their union this day ?
Why the delay, upon such a supposition, to carry
into yonder chair a Speaker who shall be nomin-
ated and supported m common? Indeed, Mr.
Clerk, I see no reason why, if the member of
distinctive political organizations come at -ast
to entertain opinions in common, they should
not, like kindred drops, flow into one. Their dif-
ferences adjusted, proscription of the alien, and
destruction of the rights of the adopted citizen dis-
claimed and abandoned, and from both their con-
sequential political approximation and a commu-
nity of interest, the country will expect, not only,
but will demand, their harmonious cooperation.
Then what is our course? Is it not as clear as a
right line to a desired object? Let the gentlemen
upon this floor, recognized as South Americans,
select from the larger body, seated on the Dem-
ocratic side of this House, the candidate whom
they will be willing to support. Let him be. pro-
posed for our votes, and he will command the un-
divided Democratic suffrage. Sir, such an effort
would produce a vote nearly, if not quite equal,
to that at present enjoyed by the Republican can-
didate. its first appearance would startle. If re-
peated, my word lor it, not twenty hours wouhj
elapse before thu candidate thus supported would
be made the Speaker of this House.
Mr. Clerk, the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr,
Curry,] whom I referred to as being absent,
having been sent for from his sick room, nas
reached the Hall; I will, therefore, interpose no
further delay to a ballot, and now withdraw my
motion to adjourn.
The CLERK. The question is, "Shall the
main question be put?"
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that the House procecd to a vote.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COVODE. Before proceeding to the vote,
I wish to say that the pair of Mr. Woodson has
fjecn transferred from Mr. Millward to Mr.
Schwartz.
t W n X T Y - e T 0IIT11 BALLOT.
The House then proceeded to a twenty-eighth
ballot for Speaker with the following result: Wnole
number of votes cast, 223; necessary to a choice,
312; of which—
.Mr. Khei man, received..    .109
Mr. MeCiernand    37
Mr. Bocoek 32
Mr. Uuarles  13
Mr. John G. Davis,  9
Mr. Gilmer  4
Mr. Houston  3
Mr. William N. II. Smith  3
Mr K>itt  1
Mr. Horace F. Clark  1
Mr. Vance  1
Mr. Stoke-;  1
Mi. Florence  1
Mr. Hill  \
Mr. James A. Stcwait  1
Mr. Crawford 1
Mr. John Cochrane  2
Mr. McQueen  1
Mr. Brabaon ^  1
Mr. Phelps  1
Mr. Laban T. Moore  I
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Chailes F. Adams, Aldnch,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Bcale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Biay-
ton. Bntiiuton, Burhngam^, Binnhnm, Burroughs, Butter-
liekl, Campbell, Caiey, Caitei, Ca«e, Collar, Conkling,
Corwm, Covode, Cui'tis. Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely, Famsworth, Fontou, Ferry,
Fo^tei. Frank, French, Gooeh, Giaham, Grow, Guiley,
Hale, Hal), Ha-km, Ilehmck, Hickman, Iloaid, Humphrey,
Hutchm?, Junfcm, Francis W. Kellrtgg, William Kellogg,
Kcn\on, Kilgoro, Kilhnger, DeWitt C Leach, Lee, Long
neckei, Loomis/Loveioy, Mai^toH, McKcan, McKnight,
McPheifOn, Millw aril, Moorhead.Mornll, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Morse, Nixon, Oim, Palmer,'Pennington, Perry, Pottit,
Porter, Potter, Pottii-, Rice, Clnistopher Robinson, Royee,
Setanton, fcJedsjwick,'Somes, Spaulding, Spmnei, Stanton,
B. YVashburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and Woodruff.
For Mr. MeCiernand—Messrs. Allen, Banett, Branch,
Burch, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, English, Florence, Fouke,
Hamilton, John T. Ilairis, Hawkins, Ilindman, Holnian,
Houston, Howaid, Leake, Logan, Love, Million. Mont-
gomery, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Reagan, James C. Robinson. Rust, ^cott, Bickles, Wil-
liam Smith, James A. Stewart, Underwood; Vallandigham,
and Winslow.
For Mr* Bocock—Messrs. Avery, Barksdale, Bbnham,
Buiiiett, Clemens, Clopton, John Cochrane, Burton Craige,
