THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28;
How has the President of the United States
brcraghthis mind to the conclusion that it is un-
constitutional to surrender the public lands to the
States in which they lie, and thereby'withdraw
t%e jurisdiction of the Federal Government with-
out their limi , and inaugurate the system by
which l he jurisdiction of the Federal Government
would cease? How this power can be questioned
jvow is a matter of some astonishment, when the
principlehasbeen recognized from the origin of the
Sovemmentto the present time. In making grants
to individuals, corporations, Territories, and
States, for internal improvement, educational, and
agricultural purposes, it has been conceded by
nearly every Administration in the new States for
schools,and in nearly ail the old ones for other pur-
poses where the public lands lie. We have seen
forty million transferred to the States in the shape
of swamp lands, twenty-four million to aid in the
work of internal improvement; but with the Pres-
ident of the United States, it has all at once become
unconstitutional, after the public lands have been
in market for thirty years, and graduated to twelve
and a half cents per acre, scarcely defraying the
expense of keeping the land offices open in the
respective States, to be unconstitutional to sur-
render them to the States in -which they lie. Is
there no means by which the Federal Govern-
ment can get clear of these lands ? Does the Con-
stitution prohibit the Government from surren-
dering them to the people or the States? The
argument upon the unconstitutionality by the
President against surrendering the lands is simply
absurd, not to say ridiculous, after the long-estab-
liahed usage ofthe Government, receiving the sanc-
tion of nearly every President ofthe United States.
The policy of granting lands to individuals by the
Government as homesteads was approved by
Washington, sanctioned by Jefferson, and cher-
ished by the immortal Jackson, whose names
and memories will compare, in my opinion, most
favorably with thatof the present Administration.
General Jackson earnestly looked forward to the
day when the public lands would cease to be a
source of public revenue, and pass into the hands
ofthe honest cultivator. It was his anxious desire
for the time to come when every head of a family
in the United States would be domicilated, and
have qgiabiding place for his wife and for his chil-
dren. PWhether considerations so national, so
humaSc, so Christian, have ever penetrated the
brain of one whose bosom has never yet swelled
with emotions for wife or children, is for an en-
lightened public to determine.
There is another point with reference to prc-
tmptors. There "is a large number of preempt-
ors on the public lands, and the sales have been
suspended again and again. Why? Because
these men went upon the lands and they were
unable to pay. Fifty-six million acres have been
kept out of the market because the preemptors
were required to prove up their claims, and pay,
before the sale could take place, under the law as
it now stands. Then it was important to grant
relief to them. It was important to have the pub-
lic lands placed in such a position that we could
derive revenue from them. Then what is done in
this bill? We declare that these preemptors shall
have two years longer to prove up and pay be-
fore the Government puts the land into market
for sale; and in addition to that, by way of in-
ducement, by way of raising revenue, by way of
stimulant to those who are on these lands, and
who have subjected themselves to the hardships
and privations of frontier life, we say to them,
"if, "within two vears, you pay sixty-two and a
half cents an aci the Government shall issue a
patent to you, as now provided by the preemp-
tion laws." The sales of these lands have been
postponed until the annual receipts from youi
public lands are only §1,700,000. By extending
this relief to the preemptors, and giving them two
years, you enable the Executive, without oppress-
ing anybody, to bring into the market sixty mil-
lion acres of land at his own discretion, and raise
revenue from it, and fill the e.offci-s of the nation.
Is there anything very hard in that, anything
wrong, anything: unfair in principle?
Where, then, is the departure, as the honorable
Senator from Arkansas seems to intimate, from
the general tenor of his speech, from any princi-
ple laid 4«v/n in the original bill? There is none.
The epiwittee on the part of the Senate acted in
'good faith, and they consulted with their com-
peers here before they even ventured to "make
the proposition which was finally reported, and
concurred in by the Senate. This reduction to
sixty-two and a half cents an acre was confined
to the preemptors at the date of the passage of the
law, and did not extend to those who might go
hereafter. You can inaugurate no new system m
reference to your public lands, unless there be a
change of price from the present existing system.
If this bill passes, getting the preemptors out of
the way, stopping the clamor, giving the Execu-
tive the privilege of bringing the lands into mar-
ket, it will increase the revenue the incoming
year. I do not see that there is any departure
from the principle in holding out a stimulant to
those who are upon the lands, to pay up within
two years. It is suggested that there are twelve
million acres in Minnesota. If every acre of it
were preempted, and these men would pay up
within two years, you would bring intp your cof-
fers many million dollars from the public lands in
the State of Minnesota.
My worthy friend from Arkansas supported
this bill originally with a commendable zeal—a
zeal which I and others admired. He has made
to-day an argument to justify himself in sustain-
ing this veto, which holds out no expectation or
intimation that the President will ever approve of
a homestead bill upon any principle. But my
honorable friend himself offered this amendment
to the bill which 1 originally introduced:
"That every actual settler upon offered or unoffered
lands shall be entitled henceforth to enter hifa one quarter
scction of land at fifty cents per acre, lfgiaduated to a lower
rate, at the graduated price, upon proof that he lias lived
upon the same at least three months, and upon making oath
that he enters? the same for the purpose of actual residence :
Provided, That he «hall al^o make oath that he lias never
at any previous time had the benefit of this act, and com-
ply with such regulations fortho due and proper execution
of thU act as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Interior."
His amendment applied indiscriminately to sur-
veyed and unsurveyed lands, and provided, not
for getting sixty-two and a half cents an acrc, but
fifty cents ai\ acre. In what respect have 1, as
one of this committee of conference, departed from
the principles laid down by himself; and now,
after having offered this amendment, and standing
by the original Senate bill, how can he come for-
ward to justify and sustain the Executive veto?
I do neut see how my worthy friend can desert us
at this stage. I do not see how he can abandon
a great measure that he has advocated upon prin-
ciple, and has exerted all his influence towards
consummating,, just because the President of the
United States thinks proper to withhold his sig-
nature. 1 always have a respect for a man who
fills the place of the President of the United States,
irrespective of party, and it would be very natu-
ral for mc to have more respect for a President of
my own party than for any one of opposite poli-
tics. But does the fact of the Present's speak-
ing change the nature and character of great prin-
ciples and truths? Docs it make wrong right, or
right wrong? If there is a great fundamental
principle m this measure connected with Gov-
ernment and the great cause of humanity, the fact
that he withholds his approval does not change
my opinion; but if there were forty Presidents,
with forty assistants, to write out vetoes, I would
still stand by this bill, and give it the sanction of
my vote and support.
But, sir, the Executive calls our attention to
quite a discovery which he seems to have made
in the bill. I cannot believe that he has exam-
ined the bill with care. I do not think he has
read it as he ought to have read it, I presume for
the very good reason that there is a great press
of bills on his attention and consideration at the
close of along: session of Congress, and he has
not had time to do it. I infer that it has been on
account of the want of time that he has not read
and understood this measure. He speaks of the
sixth section of the bill. Now, mark the first
section:
" Tnat any perbon who is the head of a family, and a cit-
izen ofthe United States,shall, fiotn and at'terthe passage
of this act, be entitled to enter one quarter section of vacant
and unappropriated public lands, or any less quantity, to be
located m a body, m conformity with the legal subdivisions
of the public lands, after the same shall have been surveyed,
upon the follo\vingcondition«: that the person applying for
the benefit of this act t haH, upon application to the register
of the land office in which he or she is abouttomake such
entrv, make affidavit before the said register or receiver of
said land offiee that he or she is the head op a family,
an© is actually settled on the quarter section, or other
subdivision not exceeding a quarter section, proposed to be
entered."
But this idea about poor " foreigners," some-
how or other, bewilders and haunts the imagina-
tion of a great many, who imagine that if you
can get in a foreigner somewhere, everybody is
to be ruined. I am not exactly as wild on thaC
subject'as sonrfe may think I am; but one thing is
very clear, so far as foreigners are concerned, that,
unless we have prohibitory laws,unless we have a
system by which their immigration to this coun-
try is prevented, the faster we can plant them on
land, and engage them in industrial pursuits, the
better for them, the better for the country, the
better for humanity, the better for the advance of
civilization. Remember that the first section pro-
vides that the beneficiary of the bill must be the
head of a family and a citizen of the United States,
and an actual settler, and that he must do certain
things. Then the sixth section provides:
" Jlad he it further cnacted, That if any person, now or
hereafter, a resident of any one of the States or Territories,
and not a citizen of the United States, but who, at the time
of making such application for the benefit of this act, shall
have filed a declaration of intention, ai required by the
naturalization laws ot the United States, and shall have
become a citizen of the same before the issuing of the pat-
ent, as provided for in this act, such person shall be en-
titled to ' all the rights conferred by this act.' "
What rights? If you are the head of a family
and a citizen of the United States, you are entitled
to all the benefits conferred by this act; and so,
too, the foreigner who is the head of a family
may obtain land. All the flourishes on this point,
all the figures of rhetoric put forth in the veto
message vanish into thin air, have no basis, when
you come to examine the hill itself.
The President could not, in the hasty reading he
gave the bill, have compared the provisions of the
first section with those of the sixth, which admits
the foreigner to all the benefits conferred by the
first section, conditioned that he does two things:
one is, to declare his intention to become a citizen;
ard the other is, he must become such before the
patentissues to him from the United States. Now,
what are the conditions to be complied with in
in the first section. They are as follows:
"That the person applying for the benefit of this act shall,
upon application to the register of the land office in winch
he she is about to make such entry, make an affidavit
before the said register or receiver of said land office, that
he or she is the head of a family, and is actually settled on
the quarter section proposed to be entered, and that such
application is made for his or her use and benefit," &e.
Upon this comparison of the two provisions, it
must be obvious to all that, notwithstanding the
foreigner complied with the two conditions in the
sixth scction, he could enter no land under the
provisions of the first section, until he took the
oath that he was the head of a family. On the
contrary, if he had been the head of n family, he
could not enter land under the first section until
he complied with the requirements of the sixth,
which requires, before making his entry, that he
shall declare his intention to become a citizen,
and before the issuance of the patent by the Gov-
ernment must have complied with all the form3
of the naturalization laws, and, in fact, be a citizen
of the United States. And the allusion to Chinese
entering lands under the provisions of this bill,
is another proof that the President had not given
the subject the consideration he should have done;
for the courts of California have declared in un-
mistakable terms that the Chinese cannot become
citizens of the United States under our naturaliza-
tion laws, and cannot, therefore, entitle themselves
to any of the benefits conferred by this bill upon
the citizens of the United States.
I am constrained to say that I look upon this
objection to the bill as a m.iu&iquibbio on the part
of the President, and as being hard-pressed for
some excuse in withholding his approval of the
measure; and his allusion to foreigners in this con-^
nection looks to me more like the ad captandum
of the mere politician or demagogue, than a grave
and sound reason to be offered by the President
of the United States m a veto message upon so
important a measure as the homestead bill. The
President, though, in the conclusion of his argu-
ment seems to think that it -was an " inadvert-
ence;" substantially admitting, after his argument,
that the bill meant no such thing as he assumed
in his message Is there a Senator here, or an
intelligent man throughout the whole country,
after reading this bill, that would believe for one
moment that the Secretary of the Interior or any
