2324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
resolutions had not been asserted sooner. They
ought to have been asserted by the Democratic
party in plain English ten years ago. If they had
been, you would have had no trouble in this coun-
try to-day; the Democratic party would have been
united and strong, and the equality and constitu-
tional rights of the States would have been main-
tained in the Territory, and in all other things;
squatter sovereignty would not have been heard
of, and to-day we would be united. It is the fault
of the Democratic party in dodging truth, in dodg-
ing principle, in dodging the Constitution itself,
that has brought the trouble upon the country and
the party that is experienced to-day. t
Sir, it appears to me to be very singular indeed,
that any man can hold that the territory of this
country belongs to a portion of the people, and
that the people of one portion of the Union can
go there and enjoy their property, when the peo-
ple of another portion cannot enjoy the right of
property in that territory—territory common to
the whole country—territory that was earned or
acquired by the common blood and common treas-
ure of all—territory that is sustained by the com-
mon treasure of all; and to say that all shall not
have an equal right there, is to deny a fact so
plain, a principle so just, a right so manifest, that
I can hardly see how any man who professes to
be a Democrat can deny it, or how he can attempt
to embarrass the adoption of the correct principles
announced in these resolutions. I shall, therefore,
vote against all the amendments and everything
that is offered to obstruct their passage, upon the
ground that they assert justice, that they assert
truth, that they assert the equality and constitu-
tional rights of all the States, which principle must
be maintained, or this Union cannot be preserved.
Mr. M.ALLORY. To explain in one word the
reason of my vote on this question, I will say
that I have not the information before me to jus-
tify action. This is a question of fact now before
the Senate, not of principle; and I had nofrtlie in-
formation before me to guide an intelligent vote,
and I shall, therefore, vote against the proposition
of the Senator from Mississippi, and against the
proposition of the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. PUGrH. _ That is a poor principle which
is never carried into practice. It certainly is not
worth fighting for, certainly not worth beipg as-
serted. A principle which can do me any good,
or my constituents any good, I shall stand here to
maintain to the last moment of my senatorial ca-
rccr; but a principle that, like the famous consti-
tution of Robespierre and his associates, is to be
suspended at the moment of its adoption, and to
remain in a state of perpetual suspension, seems to
mc hardly worth the controversy we have heard.
The Senator from Florida has not the informa-
tion. Why, sir, every Territory is required to
send its laws and its legislative journals to Con-
gress. Wo have them, every one of them. We
have the legislation of every Territory; we have
the legislative journals of every Territory; they
are sent to us every session. It is in vain for gen-
tlemen to say they have not the information. We
have all the information we ever shall receive.
We know precisely what has been done—that in
the Territory ofNew Mexico the relation of master
and slave lias been established by law; that in the
Territory of Kansas it" has been abrogated by
law. We know that. We know also, what is
the condition of affairs in the Territory of Utah.
We have all the information that gentlemen ever
will receive. Therefore, I call upon them to tell
me whether the principle asserted in the fourth
resolution be a principle to be carried into prac-
tice or not; and when is it to be carried into prac-
tice? Is it in such a state of facts as we now
know ? Is it when one Territorial Legislature has
established slavery and another has abolished sla-
very, or is it, as I asked a while ago, after the next
presidential election r That is the question of fact
that I desire to see settled.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I feel a little
amazed at gentlemen so often declaring that this
amendment is a mere naked declaration of opinion,
which does not involve any principle. 1 think that
this whole series of resolutions is nothing but a
declaration of opinion. They look to no legislation
—certainly no immediate legislation. The public
mind is in a state of great anxiety on this subject.
It has been discussed here until vast numbers of
people have brought their minds to the conclusion
that legislation, immediate, positive, direct legis-
lation,is necessary for their protection in the Ter-
ritories. That has been the whole question in
controversy. The Senator from North Carolina
brings forward a proposition to negative that idea
—to declare to the public that, so far as the Senate
is concerned, we think no such necessity exists.
I, thinking the necessity does exist, propose so
to amend his resolution as to assert the affirmative
proposition.
But it seems that our friends will neither take
the one nor the other horn of the dilemma; they
will neither affirm that legislation is necessary
nor that it is not necessary . I pray you Senators,
what is it we have been discussing? Cui bono all
this controversy, if at last we have no case ? If
there is nothing upon which we are called to
act, why has the public mind been lashed like an
ocean tempest-tossed into a fury ? Has the ocean
been lashed into a fury "to waft a feather or
drown a fly ?" Is this a mere controversy about
nothing, or is it a controversy having in it deep
and lasting and substantial substance? If it be
so, then either the one side or the other of this
proposition is true, and gentlemen cannot ignore
it. After all that has been said in State conven-
tions, in national conventions, in the Senate, in
the House of Representatives, and everywhere,
until every man in the whole country has taken
sides upon the question, you cannot shuffle it off
by simply saying there never was any necessity
for the agitation. Why have you agitated it?
Why has the whole session been consumed in the
discussion of this question, if there was no ne-
cessity for action or expressing an opinion on one
side or the other? From the beginning of this
controversy, I, at least, have been sincere; I, at
least, have believed that slave property required
protection in the Territories; that it required it
now. That was my opinion fifteen months ago,
when standing precisely where I do to-day. I
enunciated it in a discussion with the Senator
from Illinois. I thought the necessity existed
then. Subsequent events have confirmed that con-
viction. From that day to this, the whole series
of measures that have been concocted in Kansas
have been a series of measures against slavery.
I showed you, the other day, that Kansas had
abolished slavery; that she had made it a penal
ofi'ense for a master to seek to exercise his owner-
ship over that property in the Territory, and ex-
acts fines if any master dares to say, " that black
man is my property." All this, and more, has
been done, and yet we are not convinced that
there is any necessity for action. Sir, when will
there be - I am struggling in the abyss, and call-
nig for help. You stand by, and say, "Oh, my
dear sir, if 1 thought you needed help, 1 would give
it." My house is burning down over my head;
my wife and children are being driven before the
flames. 1 appeal to my neighbors for help; but
they fold their arms, and say, "Dear sir, if you
would only show us the necessity, we would help
you." Sir, if the necessity does not exist now,
tell me what state of circumstances will ever con-
vince you that there is a necessity? This looks
to me like a shirking of the responsibility of say-
ing either the one thing or the other.
.Now, Mr. President, since I am upon this sub-
ject, I desire to repel, in the most positive man-
ner, imputations which have been more than
once thrown out against me in connection with
this subject. The Senator from (Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] the other day declared that lie had lis-
tened with no degree of pleasure to the discus-
sion which we had here on the 23d of February,
1859; and in his speech, which now lies befoie
me, he intimated, in tolerably broad terms, that
it was his opinion that I had opened that discus-
sion for the purpose of allowing the Senator from
Illinois an opportunity to explain his course here.
I desire to say, once for all, that all such imputa-
tions, all such insinuations are totally and en-
tirely erroneous. In making that speech, 1 bad
the purpose which I avowed at the time. I be-
lieved then, as I have believed ever since, and do
now believe, that statutory law was necessary to
secure me in the right to slave property in the
Territories. So believing, I so enunciated, not
to give the Senator from Illinois, or any other
man, an oppoitumty to speak, but to enunciate a
principle which I believe to be sound, which then,
and ever since, and now, I have believed to be
vital to the South.
So much for that. The Senator from Texas
[Mr. Wigfall] yesterday intimated very much
the same thing. I desire that he will take this
general and positive disclaimer as much to him-
self as it is designed for the Senator from Geor-
gia. The Senator from Georgia went on to crit-
icise my speech delivered on the 23d of February,
1859, not as it is reported, but as it is represented
in the rejoinder of my antagonist on that occa-
sion. Wow, sir, I say in all kindness to the Sen-
ator from Georgia, and I am sure he will sec the
justice of it when I make the bare suggestion,
that when the record was before him it would
have been more just to criticise my own language
than to criticise me upon language put into my
mouth by others.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to say to the Senator
that I was not replying to his speech, but I was
replying to Mr. Douglas's answer to it, and I
stated exactly what Mr. Douglas said. I took
the case he made there. I did not read the gen-
tleman's speech, but I expressly stated that I read
what Mr. Douglas said.
Mr. BROWN. This is the Senator'slanguage:
" Then the Senator from Mississippi hart no case, if lie
made these admissions."
It would have been easy to ascertain whether I
had made the admissions by simply looking at my
speech. By that course, there would have been a
saving of any controversy on this point. But see
how the Senator goes on:
"If he stated that it was competent, by the exereisc of
the power of taxation, to drive slavery out of the Territo-
ries^the Senator from Illinois was right m saying he had
no case in court. What does the Senator from Mississippi
want with a blave code, when he admits the Termoual
Legislature can drive out slaves ? Does J te wan t a code to
govern slaves, wheie he admits they can he lawfully driven
out ?"
Now, mark you, I am first represented as hav-
ing- said that they could be driven out, and then,
by an interpolation, of the Senator himself, I am
represented as having stated that they could be
"lawfully" driven out. If the Senator had taken
the trouble to look at my speech, lie would have
seen that this was what I said: as a mere naked
question of power, the Senator from Illinois is
right in saying that a Territorial Legislature, by
non-action and by unfriendly legislation, may
exclude slavery; but they do it wrongfully, they
do it unlawfully; yet they may do it in such a
way that I can never seek my remedy in a court
ofjustice. I went on, upon that occasion, to il-
lustrate. Suppose, said I, the Legislature does
nothing, leaves me totally without remedy, what
shall I do? Can I in a case like that appeal to
the courts? How shall I base my complaint? I
go to a court complaining that the Territorial
Legislature has done nothing: can the court grant
me a mandamus to compel the Legislature to act?
It was against non-action and the effect which I
felt sensible, and feel now, that non-action would
produce, that I entered my protest, and made my
appeal for direct action here. The Senator from
Georgia goes on:
" I repudiate the admission. I wash mv hands of the
Senator's slave code, for that as well as additional reasons,
which I will now proceed to give. It is no remedy for any
wrons? to blave pioperty, if passed by Congress. Slave
property in a Territory is there under the Constitution, ad
well as any other property."
I admit and claim, as loudly as the Senator
from Georgia, that my slave property is in a Ter-
ritory under the regis of the Constitution,and en-
titled as much to protection as anybody else's
property; but whose property in a Territory is
protected by the Constitution, unaided by stat-
utory law? This very session I took up the laws
of^Jiansas, and showed that every other species
of property known to the land was protected by
positive statutory legislation in Kansas except
slave property. Sir, they have got their horse
code, their cow code, their sheep code, their dry-
goods code, and their wet-goods code. They have
a code of laws for the protection of everything
except slave property. To that they have not
only denied protection by non-action, but they
have repealed the laws affording it protection,
and have pronounced penalties, as I said before,
against the master who should undertake to claim
las property.
Now, sir, for this state of things, what is the
remedy? He says he utterly repudiates my
remedy; utterly repudiates the idea that Congress
is to interpose in any direct manner. Then what
does he propose? We shall see, sir:
" Suppose the people of a Territory "—
