I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2325
says the Senator from Georgia—
" show themselves unworthy of the performance of their
duty, what shall I do.9 It Is a very easy question."
I am very glad the Senator found it so easy. It
has given some others in the country a great deal
of trouble:
" I will pass no slave codes such as the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] wants. Why? Because, among other
things. I should suppose that men who would disregard the
obligations of the Constitution would disregards law passed
in pursuance of it. I do not see how that would help the
business in any way at all. I will do as was done in Mr.
Jeffersi&i's time, and in Washington's time, with the peo-
ple of the Territories. If I find the people in a Territory
incapable of pertorming their constitutional functions, 1
will take their government away from them and put itinto
hands that will do their duty, and wait until honester and
better men go there before J give them permission to form
the functions of government. That was done under the
ordinance of 1787; that was done in Louisiana in 1803 and
1804; that was done with all the earlier territorial govern-
ments. When people in a Territory become vicious, I
would do as we did in 1856 witli Kansas, and take the
whole businessofgovoining themselves out of their hands—
take out of their hands the powers of government, because
tliey will not obey the fundamental laws, and put them
where they aie safe."
In plain English, the Senator from Georgia pro-
poses us a remedy for all these evils, that we
repeal the congressional charter and reduce the
people of Kansas, who are evidently disobedient
to the laws, disregardful of their constitutional
obligation, to a mere state of dependency upon
the Federal Government. The remedy he sug-
gests is this, if I understand him: that the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall send out a Legislative Council, a
Governor and secretary, and three judges, and
that they shall make the laws for the Territory.
That I take to be, in plain terms, the mode.
Mr. TOOMBS. One of the modes.
Mr. BROWN. Now, sir, he says that the
people of a Territory who have shown that they
are regardless of their constitutional obligation,
would not obey ail act of Congress. Would a
people, let me ask the Senator, who habitually
disregard the authority of Congress, be obedient
to the authority of a Legislative Council, ap-
pointed to rule over them by the President and
Senate? WouldyourLegislativeCouncilhaveany
more authority, or any greater power, to enforce
its edicts than would Congress? If you must
send out a military force to compel obedience to
the laws of the Governor and secretary and the
judges, why not send the same force to compel
obedience to your laws? 1 ask the Senator from
Georgia this question: whether he does not be-
lieve that the Constitution of the United States is
in force in Kansas to-day?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly!
Mr. BROWN. He does. Then, sir, does not
that Constitution guaranty to the people of Kan-
sas the right of trial by jury; ana would he not
be compelled as much, under a law enacted by
his Executive Council, to submit the case to a jury
as I should be under an act of Congress ? It is in
the jury box, I apprehend, that you will find the
difficulty in executing your laws. If not, where
then ? Certainly not in the judiciary, when they
are appointed by a Democratic President and
Democratic Senate.
Now, Mr. President, gentlemen tell me that
they are opposed to my slave code, as they choose
to denominate it; they are opposed to the propo-
sition which 1 have introduced and which I have
, so often and so earnestly, but with very feeble
ability, advocated to give direct protection to slave
property in the Territories by congressional ac-
tion. Oh, no, they will not vote for that! The
Senator from Georgia thinks there is some other
remedy. Why has he not brought it forward?
He is ready enough to say he will not vote for
my proposition; he is ready enough to join in
clamors against the policy which I have proposed
to carry out; but ho moves nothing practical.
Does anybody believe that you are to have pro-
tection to slave property under these resolutions
that you are passing here ? What protection will |
they afford to anybody? Who is to be punished j
under them ? They do not wear even the outside I
semblance of law. What I want is a law which
shall point the man who pilfers my slave property
to prison-houses and strong bars and bolts, and tell
him: " There, sir, will be your resting place, if
you steal your neighbor's property." If that be
not sufficient, then I would point him to the gal-
lows, and say: " Sir, that will be your end, if you
keep not your hands off, your neighbor's prop-
erty."
But these gentlemen seem to think that the
negro thieves in the Territories, who spirit away
slave property by the underground railroad, may
be driven away gently as you would drive a flock
of gentle doves; that you have nothing to do but
to pass five resolutions, and they will scatter. Sir,
they will laugh your resolutions to scorn, and go
on just as they are now. If there be any genuine
purpose to aftord protection to slave property in
the Territories, do it now. All else than this is
mere moonshine.
If there be such a purpose, then I would ask
the honorable Senator at the head of the Com-
mittee on Territories, why it is that abill of mine,
introduced ninety days ago, has been permitted
to lie from that day to this unacted on? Why was
not the proposition of the Senator from Georgia
incorporated into it instead of mine? Why not
some policy of the Senator from Missouri him-
self? Why has not something been done?
Mr. GREEN. How long has it been before
us?
Mr. BROWN. It has been before you for
ninety days.
Mr. GREEN. I think not.
Mr. BROWN. So you say; but here are stub-
born facts. The bill was referred to the commit-
tee on the 23d of February. This is the 24th of
May. I think there is an interval of three months.
Mr. GREEN. It was not sent to us right
away.
Mr. BROWN. It was sent to the Clerk'sdesk
at once, and I suppose the Secretary sent it to the
committee.
Mr. GREEN. The committee is not always
in session. I will say, however, that it has been
considered twice.
Mr. BROWN. Here, sir, we are closing the
sixth month of the session, and nothing is done;
and there is no purpose to do anything. This
day's proceedings siiow why it was not done—
the gentlemen do not think it necessary to act. It
would have been better to say so at the beginning;
simply pass a shoit resolution,saying to the coun-
try: " whatever may Lie your opinions, we do
not think this slavery question should receive
action." That would have saved a. vast amount
of labor and trouble and toil everywhere. I never
could have agreed that it was not necessary; but
still, if the Senate, at an early day in December,
had passed such a resolution, I, of course, would
have desisted from all my efforts, simply protest-
ing that I thought, notwithstanding the resolution,
the necessity still existed. Up to to-day I sup-
posed it was a general opinion that most Senators
believed that some action was necessary—per-
haps not the action contemplated in my bill,
perhaps not that indicated by the Senator from
Georgia, or that indicated yesterday by the Sena-
tor from Texas—but something. Now we are
given to understand that nothing is to be done;
that really there is no purpose to do anything,
except pass these resolutions.
I am content to give my vote. I think the south-
ern people will give me credit for this: that be-
lieving they were entitled, to protection, I have
labored for it with all the zeal and ability that I
possess. Many think there is no necessity for
positive action, for positive legislation, and there-
fore they will not press it. Very well, sir, be it
so; I am responsible only for my own conduct,
and for nobody else's. 1 act on my own convic-
tion, and upon nobody else's. I have done what I
thought was right, and 1 leave the consequences
to take care of themselves.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
not participated in the long debate which has
arisen oil these resolutions, because there was a
great deal of it which 1 did not regard as very
interesting to the country at large, and from which
I was somewhat excluded by the nature of the
topics which entered into the discussion. I had
nothing to do, for instance, with the long discus-
sion that has taken place m regard to the proceed-
ings of the Charleston convention. I had nothing
to do with the long argument and vindication and
accusation m relation to Mr. Douglas; his trans-
gressions or his orthodoxy; his fidelity to bargains
made with his political confederates, or his infi-
delity to them. I had nothing to do witli all these
questions, and I have said nothing about them,
the subject proper for discussion was so ably
argued by others; and I must really claim for my-
"self the credit of adding that my own diffidence
prevented me from taking a part in it. I have
feared that it might appear to others as if I was
shrinking from the responsibility of these ques-
tions. No sueh feeling as that ever occupied me;
but I feel now, without any intention *of entering
into this general argument,- a disposition to make
an explanation of my opinions in regard to the
power of the Territories on the subject of slavery,
if that must be the topic—always an unpleasant
one to me; and let me say here at the commence-
ment, that when the Missouri compromise was re-
pealed -, when that established line had been the line
ofpeace to this country for years and for years 
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, it is now very late-,
and if the Senator wishes to give his views at all
at length on this subject, I think it is due to him
that we should adjourn ,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly not at any
great length, I trust.
Mr. POLK. I move that we adjourn
Mr. DAVIS. Unless the Senator from Ken-
tucky desires to adjourn, I hope we shall go
through with the resolutions, l do not under-
stand whether the Senator from Kentucky desires
an adjournment or not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would not ask it, Mr.
President, but I am a good deal weary and not
very well, and have not been well for a day or
two; but I would not be the cause of delay.
Mr. POLK. I call for the question on the
motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jtfay 24, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
CALL OF TUB IIOCSE.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to the Journal being
read unless there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER. A quorum of members is
not present.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Then I move a call of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called, and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Charles I'\ Adams, Ashley, Ashmore, Avery,
Bark^-dalc, Barrett, llealc, Bingham, Blako, Bocoek, Bon-
ham, llouiigny, Uoyce, Brabson, Briggs, Jirown, Burlin-
game, Burnliam, Burroughs, Campbell, Horace F. Clark,
John B. Clark, Clemens, Conkling, Cooper, Conviii, Co-
vode, Cox, Burton Craigc, Curry, Reuhen Davis, De Jar-
nctte, Delano, Dimmick, Duell, Dunn, J31y, English, Farns-
worth, Fouke, Frank, Garnett, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham,
Hale, Hall, lia kin, llatton, Hickman, Uill. illndman,
Hoard, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
lCunkel, Lamar, Larrabce, Leake, Logan, Longnecker,
Loomis, Love, Charles I). Martin, Elbeit ri. Martin, May-
naid,MeClcniand,McRae, Miles, Sydenham Moore, Isaac
N. Morris, Nixon, Olm, Palmer, Peyton, I'orter, Pryor, Rey-
nolds, Christopher llohmson, James C. Robinson, Rust,
Scranton, Sickles, Slinrns, Singleton, William Smith, Wil-
liam N. H. Smith,Somes, Spaulding, Stallworth, Stanton,
Stevens, Stevenson, Tappan, Tompkins, Train, Tumble,
Vallandigllam, Vance, Vandever, Waldron, Cudwalader
C. Washburn, Israel WTashbum, Whiteley, Wilson, Win-
dorn, Wmslow, and Woodson.
Mr. BURCH stated that his colleague, [Mr.
Scott,] and other members of the select commit-
tee on the Pacific railroad measure, were now in
session, and would be within the Hall in a short
time.
Mr. Q.UARLES stated that Mr. Barksdale
was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that Mr. Love and
Mr. Kenyon were paired off till half past four
o'clock this afternoon.
The SPEAKER. A quorum of members has
appeared, and if there be no objection, further
proceedings in the call will be dispensed with.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
READING TIIE .TOBRNAL.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. CARTER. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the business on the Speaker's table, and
refer the bills there to the appropriate committees.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly proceeded to take up
