the congressional globe:
June 23,
Treasury annually, under the operation of your
tariff, than you have derived from your whole
land system, from its commencement to the pres-
ent time, i shall say no more on the subject, but
^efer the President of the United States and the
country to a statement of the facts in my speech
of'^May'SO, 1'858, :which I deem conclusive and
unanswerable as regards thfc revenue to be derived
from the public lands:
" "The Senator seems to think, too—and the same idea
was advanced by his predecessor—that at this time such a
measure would have a tendency to diminish the revenue.
He intimates that the nation is now bankrupt; that we are
borrowing money; that the receipts from customs have been
grcatiy diminished, and that therefore it would be danger-
ous to pass this bill, because it would have a tendency to
diminish the revenue. Let us compare the Senator's prop-
osition, and that of the bill in this respect. Ills amendment
is to issue warrants to each head of a family. The popu-
lation of the United States is now estimated at about twen-
ty-eight million. Let us assume, for the sake of illustra-
tion, that there are three million heads of families in the
United States. Hid proposition, then, is to issue and throw
upon the market three million warrants each warrant en-
titling the holder to one hundred and sixty acres of land,
if that were done, and those warrants weie thrown upon
the market, what would they sei! for? Little or nothing.
If such land warrants were thrown broadcast over the coun-
try, who would enter another acre of land at $1 25? Would
not the warrants pass into the hands of land {-peculators
and fnOrtopolists at a merely nominal price? Would they
bring more than a quarter of a dollar an acre ? If you were
to tlirow three million land warrants into the market at
one time, would they bring anything? Then the effect of
that proposition wonld be to do but little good to those to
whom the warrants were issued, and by throwing them into
the market, it would cut off the revenue fiom public lands
entirely, for no one would enter land for ca^h as long as j
warrants could be bought. That proposition, then, is to aid
and feed speculation. I do not say that is the motive oi
intention, but it is the tendency and effect of the Senator's
proposition, to thrown large poition ot the public lands into
the hand3 of speculators, and to cut them off irom the
Treasury as a source of levenue.
" But what does this bill propose? Will it diminish the
receipts into the Treasury from the public lands? The bill
provides that the entries under it shall be confined to the
alternate sections, and that the person who obtains the ben-
efit of the bill must be an actual settler and cultivator. In
proportion as you settle and cultivate any portion of the
public, lands, do you not enhance the value of the remain-
ing sections, and bring them into the market much sooner,
and obtain a better price for them than you wonld without
this bill? What is the principle upon which you have
proceeded in all the railroad grants you have made ? They
have been defended upon the ground that by granting al-
ternate sections for railroads, you thereby brought the re-
maining lands into the market, and enabled the Govern-
ment to real tee its means at a much earlier period, making
the remainder of the public lands more valuable than they
were before. This bill proceeds upon the same idea. You
have gianted an immense amount of lands to laihoads on
this piincipie, and now wiiy not do something for the
people?
" 1 say that, instead of wasting the public land**, intend
of reducing the receipts into the. Treabury, this bill wonld
increase them. In the first place, it will enhance the value
of theveservddquartersections. This may bo illustrated by
an example. In 1648 we had nine million quarter sec-
tions; in 1858 we have about seven million. Let in sup-
pose that our population is twenty-eight million, and that
under the operation of this bill one million heads oi iami-
nes who are now producing but very little, and who have
no Innd to cultivate, and very scanty means of Mibsi-tence,
shall each have a quarter section of land: what will the
effect be? At present these persona pay little or nothing
for the support of the Federal Government, under the ope-
ration of our tariff system, for the reason that thev have
not got much to buy with. How much does the land yield
to the Government while it is Ijing in a state of nature,
uncultivated? Nothing at all. At the rate we have been
selling the public lands, about three million dollar^' worth
a year, estimating them at$l 2o an acre, it will take a frac-
tion more than six hundred years to dispose of the public
domain.
"1 want to take a case that will demonstrate, as clearly
as the simplest sum m arithmetic, that this is a levenue
measure. Let us take a million families who can now
hardly procure the necessaries of life, and place them caeh
on a quarter section of land: how long will it be before
their condition will be improved so as to make them able
to contribute something to the supportof the Government?
Now, here is soil producing nothing; here arc hands pio-
ducing but little. Transfer the man irom the point where
he is producing nothing, bring him in contact with a hun-
dred and sixty acres of productive soil, and how long will
it he belore Uiat man changes his condition? As soon as
he gets upon the land, he commences to make his impiove-
ments; he clears out his field, and the work of production
is commenced. In a short time he has a crop; lie 1ms
stock and other things that result from bringing hi", phys-
ical labor m contact with the soil fie has the products of
his labor and his soil, and he is enabled to exchange them
for articles of consumption. He is enabled to buy more
than he- was before, and thus lie contributes morc*to the
suppoit of his Government; while, at the same time, he
becomes a better man. a more reliable man for all govern-
mental purposes, because he is interested in the coimlrv in
which he lives.
%i To illustrate the matter further, let us take a family of
seven persons in number who now have no home, no abid-
ing place that they can call their own, and tianMer them
to a tract of one hundred and sixty acres of land winch
They are to possess and cultivate. Is tlieica Senator heie
who does not believe, that, by changing their position ftom
thtt one place to the other, they would produce at least a
dollar more than they did before ? I will begin at a point
scarcely visible—a single dollar. Is there a man here or
anywhere else who does not know the fact to be, that you
increase a man's ability to buy when he produces more by
bringing his labor m contact with the soil? The result of
that contact is production; he produces something that lie
can convert and exchange for the necessities of his family.
Suppose the mciease was only a dollar a head tor a mil-
lion families, each family consisting of seven persons: by
transferring a million families from their present depend-
ent condition to the enjoyment and cultivation of the pub-
lic domain, supposing it would only increase their ability
to buy foreign imports to the extent of a dollar each, you
would create a demand for $7,000,000 worth of imports.
Our rates of duties, under the tariff act of 18-16, are about
thirty per cent., and thus, at the almost invisible begin-
ning of a single dollar a head, you, in this way, increase
the pecuniary and financial means of tiie Government to
the extent of $2,100,000.
" This would he the result,supposing that there would only
be an addition of one dollar per head to the ability ot each
family by being taken from a condition of poverty and
placed upon one hundred and sixty acres of land- This is
the result, supposing them to have seven dollars more, with
which to buy ai tides of consumption, than they had when
they had no home, no sod to cultivate, no stimulant, no
inducement to labor. If you suppose the effect would be
to increase their ability two dollars per head, you would
increase their consumption to the amount ol ^14,000,000,
which, at thirty per cent, duty, would yield $4,200,000. if
you supposed it increased the ability of a family tour dol-
lars per head, the total amount would be $28,000,000, which
would vield a revenue of §8,400,000. I think that this
would be far below the truth ; and if you gave a family one
lumdied and siMv acres of land to cultivate, the effect would
be to increase the ability ol that family so as to buy fifty-six
dollars' woiih muic than they bought before—seven dollars
a head. That would be a small increase to a family who
had a home, eoinpaicd with the condition of that family
when it had none. The effect of that would be to urn up
the amount they buy to .938,000.000, which, at a duty ot
Unity per cent., would yield the sum of $16,800,000.
" 1 show you, then, that by taking one million families,
consisting of seven persons each, ami putting them each
upon a quarter section of land, making the soil productive,
it you therebv only added to their capacity to buy goods to
the amount of fifty-six dollars per family, you would derive
a revenue of nearly seventeen million dollar-. When you
have done this, how much of the public lands would you
iiave disposed of? Only one million quarter sections, and
you would have neailysix million quarter sections left.
By deposing of one sixth of your public domain m this
way, upon this Uttie miniature estimate, you bring info the
corfeis of the Federal Government by this bill .^16,800,000.
" Does this look like diminishing the revenue ? Does it
not rather show that this bill is a revenue measure ? I thmk
itis> most cieailj a revenue merino. Not only is this the
case in a money point of view, far as the imports aie con-
cerned, but, by .settling the alternate sections with actual
eultivalois, vou make the remaining sections more valu-
able to the Government, and >ou bun  them sooner into
market. In continuation of thin idea, I will lead a poitton
of the argument which 1 made upon this subject when I
first introduced the bill into the other House. I icad fiom
the leport of my speech on that occasion:
u ' Mi. J. said, it w di be rememboied by the flou^c that he
had aheady shown that, in giving an individual a quarter
section of the land, the Government would receive back,
in the shape of a revenue, in every seven >e«irs, nunc tlnm
the Government price ol the land ; and, upon the* principle,
the Government would, m fact, be leahzmg .$*210 every
subsequent term of seven >car.-.. The whole number of
acicb of public land belonemg to the United States at this
tune, or up to the 30tli ot Septembei, 18-13, is one billion
four hundred and fortv-two million two hundred and sixteen
thousand one hundred and sixty-eight acies. This amount,
estimated at $1 '25 pci acie, will make $1,802,770,210. To
dispose of $:i,000,000 worth pei annum, winch is more
than an average sum, would require mx hundred year-,
a fraction more, (o di'-po-e of the cntne domain, it will
now be pejeeivcd at once the immense advantage the Gov-
ernment would dei ive bv giving the land to the cultivator,
instead of keeping it on ham! this length of tune. We find
b> this piocc.-s the Government would derive from each
quarter section in si\ hundred years .$17,000—seven going
into six hundicd eighty five times. This, then, shows on
the one hand what tne Government would gain bj giving
the land away.'
" Now let u< see what it will lose by retaining the land on
hand this length of time. Time operates upon value as dis-
tance does upon magnitude. A ball of very large size, when
close to the eye, is been in its fullest extent; but when re-
moved to a certain distance it dwindles to the human vision,
or disappears altogether. So with the largest planers ; re-
moved fiom the eye to the position they now oceupv in the
heavens, thev diminish to a mere point. To the business,
practical woiid.glOO at the present tune is jibt woith .$100.
A huudicd dollars twelve months heuce is worth just six
per cent. 1<j3«s. and so on evety twelve months, until six-
teen veais ami eight months, when u has lost an amount
equal to the principal; so it will be perceived that in ev-
eiy sixteen yeat-. and eight months the Go\eimnent loses
an amount equal to thu price a-ked foi each quarter sec-
tion, which is $200, bf keeping it on hand. Kf<*en will
go into six hundred thiity-seven times, which would make
-§7,400 the Government will loae. No\y, I conceive that it
would be lair and lational to the business world to set the
loss down on the one hand and the gam on the other, and
then add them togeihei, winch would show tne difference
to be ,-$24,400 in the present system and the one pioposed
This will hold good m principle, and will apply to each
quarter .-ection, as well as to the aggregate.
He icpeated that, by giving a quarter section of land to
i the honest cultivator, in six huudicd yeais the Government
| would deiivc twenty-four thousand and four hundred dol-
i lai>, (.*£*24,400.) Upon this basis of calculation, the Gov-
ernment, in  tx hundred years, would draw from this source,
| by the operation of its revenue system, into the Treasury,
two hundred and nineteen biihon six bundled million
dollars, ($219.6<>0,000,001),) winch would be an amount
sufficient, estimating the evpenses.ot the Government to
be $50,000,000 annually, to carry it on for font thousand
three hundicd and ninety-two years. He said that this ex-
pose ought to satisfy everv one that, instead of violating
the plighted faith of the Government, it was enlarging and
making it more valuable, aud enabling the Government to
derive a much larger amount of revenue to meet all us lia-
bilities,and thereby proves vmg its 'auti inviolate.
" I do not think there can be any question a.' to the rev-
enue pait of this proposition. We *.how that by granting
a million quarter sections you derive more revenue upon
the public lands than } on do hyvom entire 1 Mid ; y. tein,
as it now stands. In 1850 it was e-timated that each head
of a family consumed $100 woith of home manufacime-.
if we mciease the ability of the cultivator and occupier
of tho soil litty-six doll.us in the family, of coui>c it is
reasonable to presume that he would consume a corres-
ponding proportion of home manufacture-. Can that prop-
osition be controverted.' J think not. Then wo see on
the one hand that we should derive more revenue from
granting the land, on the punciple laid down in the Iml,
and also that we should open a market for articles man-
ufactured m our own country. Then, taking both views of
the subject, wo see that it is an advantage to the manufac-
turing interest, and that it is also an advant? gc to the Gov-
ernment, so far as imports aie concerned. 1 should like to
know, then, where can the objection be, upon the scoie of
revenue." ^
Mr. President, I shall now merely expt^^'the
sincere hope that the Senate will act up off the'
measure, and that it will bccome the law of the
land without further delay. The Senate having1
twice passed the bill by more than a two-thirds
majority, I trust that it will not now recede from
its high position upon so important a measure
upon the mere dictation ofthe President; butprove
to the country and the world that it has a high
appreciation ofthe public judgment, regaidless of
the arbitrary exercise of the veto power.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is: Shall the bill
which has been returned by the President be-
come a law, notwithstanding the objections of the
President? And, in conformity with the require-
ments of the Constitution, the question must be
taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, when the bill
which passed the Senate was adopted, I consid-
ered it a great improvement of the existing laws
in relation to the sales ofthe public lands; that it
was, in fact, nothing but a modification of the
laws for the disposal of the public lands, and was
misnamed a homestead bill. After the efforts
which had been made in conference reached the
last stage, the Senator from Tennessee, as he has
correctly stated, informed me of what had been
the action m conference. The point which at-
tracted my attention was the extent to which the
Senate had receded from their position, in allow-
ing preemptions to attach to land which had not
been offered for sale. I considered that point ob-
jectionable, and the Senator from Tennessee con-
curred with me, but explained to me why it had
been surrendered, and it seemed to be a necessity
that we were to lose the bill orsurrender so much.
I did not notice the other points which arc stated
in the message of the I-resident. I looked upon
the change as one which was sound in principle
and advantageous in practice, so far as it with-
drew the Federal Government from the States
where the land lay, at a point where it ceased to
be profitable to the Treasury further to hold'the
land as the property of the United States. When
graduated down to the point of twelve and a half
cents an acre, it was demonstrated that the cost
of administering the lands was greater than the
profits of sale. Reference has been made to the
great gain Mississippi would have by the transfer
of the unsold lands within her limits. I consider
it a gain to the Treasury, I consider it a great
gain in principle, to terminate the connection of
the Federal Government with the State, so far as
the Federal Governmcntholds the position of lord
proprietor within its limits; not a great gain to
the State of Mississippi, because that land which
remains unsold is worthless, unless it can be sold
in large bodies to companies who will take it for
timber. Under the present laws of the United
States, requiring it to be sold at its graduated price
to actual settlers,! cannot perceive the time when
it will be sold. It cannot be taken up in small
quantities for settlement, because* it is unfit for
cultivation. It cannot be taken in large quantities
at a price that would justify any one. in buying
it—that is to say, $1 25 an acre; and the gradua-
tion only attaches upon the condition of actual
settlement for cultivation. It would, therefore*
be no loss to the Government, and no great boon
