362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
directly, promptly, undoubtedly, stand for the
laws, stand for the principles of the Constitution,
stand for the right, than those same men who met
together at Barnstable the other day, proclaiming
their allegiance to the Union and the laws.
Mr. Clerk, dors the honorable gentleman from^,
Alabama know how many of the eight hundred
men who signed the call for that meeting would,
if they were sent to represent that constituency
here, be ranged on this side of the House?
Mr. COBB. I do not care how many, if they
entertain proper sentiments.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 do, sir. The men in Massachu-
setts who dissent from the spirit of those resolutions
—I speak not of the phraseology but of the spirit of
those resolutions—are the men who would be found
standing side by side with the disunionists of the
South, with gentlemen who are for tearing down
the Constitution and ripping up the institutions
of the land; not Republicans, not order-loving
Democrats, but another class of men altogether,
There were Republicans at that meeting. There
was one gentleman, if I remember aright, who
addressed that meeting as a Republican, and if it
be said that there were those there who questioned
then his right to address the meeting, not being
invited to speak, it is also to be said that the meet-
ing itself was largely composed of men who sym-
pathized wholly and entirely, not only with the
resolutions, but with what the Republican cham-
pion of the resolutions there declared.
# Mr. Clerk, we have heard here, from the other
side of the House, all the time during the last five
weeks, denunciation after denunciation, in lan-
guage more terse than chastc, more strong than
parliamentary, more vigorous than courteous,
denunciation after denunciation against those men
who came from the North, representing the feel-
ings and principles of the North, as embodied in
the resolutions that you have read. Sir, the day
is not far distant when the scepter shall have
slipped from the hands of those who now hold
it, and shall have passed into other and stronger
hands, and then we shall hope to find our Union-
loving friends coming one and all to shake hands
with the new party that has the power of the
Government, and will administer it according to
the Constitution, according to the laws of the
Union, and according to the principles which
underlie them both. So much for the present.
Mr. COBB. 1 do hope that the scepter will
soon depart from the hands of those who have
promulgated different doctrines to those- con-
tained in these resolutions. I did not bring these
resolutions to the consideration of the House with
a view to say anything to the delegation from
Massachusetts, except to ask whether the resolu-
tions were genuine or not.
Mr. ELIOT. I should like to say that the
editor of that Barnstable paper is a strong Union-
loving, constitutional Democrat, Avho now occu-
pies a high office under the Government, in the
county of Barnstable.
Mr. COBB. I do not care what position he
holds, so long as he stands by the Constitution
and the Union.
I hope, sir, that this little piece of information
to which I have called the attention of the House
in these Massachusetts resolutions, may be some-
thing that we may derive profit from. I want
my people to know that there have been found
under this Government of the United States, yea,
in the North, yea, even in Massachusetts—for if
those resolutions had emanated from any other
section of the country I should not have thought
it necessary to call attention to the subject; I say
I want my people to know that there 'have been
found, even in old Massachusetts, men who still
retain the spirit of their fathers, who formed this
great and glorious Constitution I have done.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississipjui. I do not know,
Mr. Clerk, how long I shall occupy the attention
of the House this morning. I have, as has been
said by several gentlemen who have occupied the
floor, no prepared speech for the occasion. My
object is to examine the various elements of which
this House is composed, and see whether it is
possible to effect a reconciliation or harmonize the |
three divisions in opposition to the Republican i
party. j
It is certainly important, Mr. Clerk, that the ,
House should organize at the earliest possible j
period. We have been in session now, I believe, j
about five weeks, and still no organization; and i
from the present position of parties we may con-
tinue for the next fifteen months without an or-
ganization of the House.
Now, sir, upon the organization of this House,
I think, is involved directly the perpetuation of the
Government; upon it depends the continuance of
the Union of these States, and the existence of the
Republic itself; because, if the House is not organ-
ized , and the proper appropriations are notmadc by
the Congress for the support of the Government, it
is then very clear that the Government itself must
go down for want of the necessary appropriations
to carry it on.
Now, sir, I came here to perform duties, and
not to pay compliments; and, as I conceive, one
of the most important duties which my constitu-
ents sent me here to perform is to elect a Speaker;
and all my efforts have been directed to that ob-
ject. That duty I have endeavored, so far, faith-
fully to discharge, using my best efforts and my
best exertions; that duty I shall continue to per-
form, by my vote and otherwise, so far as I can
influence the opinions and votes of others.
The question, Mr.-Clerk, has been asked, and
asked repeatedly, who is responsible for the non-
organization of the House? Some blame has been
attached to the opposite party—the Republican
party—for not organizing the House, why, sir,
they certainly have not the power to organize it,
because there is not a sufficient number of votes
in their ranks to secure a majority of members;
and it is, therefore, hardly fair to charge them
with non-organization; and they have, in my opin-
ion, no prospect of obtaining a larger vote here-
after than they have already received. That being
the case, then,and that being their peculiar posi-
tion, it is very manifest that this House never can
be organized by the action of the Republican
party, for it is manifest that they can derive sup-
port from no other quarter; there being a common
difference between the Black Republican party
and all those who are opposed to that party.
There is a radical difference between the Demo-
crats, the Americans, and the anti-Lccompton
Democrats and the Republican party. There are
but minor differences between the parties opposed
to the Republicans. There aic only minor differ-
ences between the Democrats and the South Amer-
icans; but minor differences between the Demo-
crats and the anti-Lecompton Democrats; but
minor differences between the anti-Lccompton
Democrats and the Americans. And unless these
three parties arc willing to disregard or overlook
these differences, m a spirit of patriotism, influ-
enced by a determination to perform an lfnportant
duty, to discharge an important obligation tney arc
under to their constituents and to the whole coun-
try, it is very obvious that the House can never
be organized.
Now, sir, what is the true position of the parties
as they ovist upon this floor? The Democratic
party, as I know, the South American party, I un-
derstand, and the anti-Lccompton Democratic
pai ty, as I understand, take a different view of the
constitutional powers of the Government from
those taken by the Republican party. The Dem-
ocrats stand here ready and willing to cooperate
with the national men in this House, let them
come from what quarter of the Uiiion they may,
in the organization of this House. The Amer-
icans profess the same desire. The anti-Lccomp-
ton Democrats profess to occupy the same posi-
tion. The difference, then, between the Republi-
cans and these three parties being of so vital a
character, a difference involving the perpetuation
of the Union itself, I ask if there is not sufficient
patriotism with us at some early day to come to-
gether, and consent to some arrangement by which j
the House can be organized. The Republican I
party is a sectional party, fiavmg no Ilepresenta- j
tive here from fifteen of the States of this Union. [
They are not, for an equality. While the Dcm- \
ocratic party, on the other hand, with the South j
American party and the anti-Lccompton Demo- j
crats, hold that this Government is one of limited
powers, and that these powers have been derived
from the States by the permission of the people
of the States; they believe that the General Gov-
ernment should be confined, in all its operations,
to the powers expressly conferred by the Consti-
tution itself. These are our opinions of the powers
of this Government.
1 will not detain the House to-day, by exam-
ining what are the views of the Republican party
upon this question. It is enough to say that the
Democratic party believe that the Government
was created for certain specific objects, and those
objects of a national character; that this Govern-
ment has no right to legislate upon matters of
individual interest of the citizens of the States of
this Union. We are in favor of the people of
the States regulating their own domestic ana indi-
vidual interests for themselves, in their own way;
that these matters shall be left to the Legislatures
of the several States; and that the General Gov-
ernment shall be confined to the subjects that prop-
erly pertain to it. What is that? I have said
that it is limited to subjects purely national in
their character. For instance: the Government
has the power to regulate commerce between the
States. That is a power exclusively internal in
its application, and in the absence of this Confed-
eracy would have to be regulated by treaty stip-
ulations between the several States. 1 speak of
that power for the purpose of affording an illus-
tration of my view that the powers of the Federal
Government appertain purely to national, and not
individual matters. To subjects like those its au-
thority should be limited, and is limited, by the
Constitution of the United States. It is the busi-
ness of the Federal Government to take charge of
subjects which arise properly out of the law of
nations, and not of those which appertain to the
private affairs of citizens of the States.
Now, sir, I come back to the inquiry, will the
Americans, the Democrats and the anti-Lecomp-
tons harmonize, and which one of these divisions
is toblamefor the non-organization of thisHouse?
I do not blame the Americans exclusively; I be-
lieve that the Democrats are as much to blame;
and I believe that the Americans and Democrats
are infinitely more to blame than the anti-Lecomp-
ton men. I sincerely believe that to be the fact,
and I will endeavor to demonstrate it in the course
of my remarks. The present question is why the
Americans and Democrats cannot act together?
The Democratic party is claimed and acknowl-
edged to be a national organization. We have
union of action between men North, South, East
and West; there arc Democrats in all sections of
the Union. The Americans and Republicans do
not deny its nationality; there is no man familiar
with the position of parties who can deny it.
That nationality, sir, has reference to the great
powers of the Government; great objects ana du-
ties which have been intrusted to it.
As I stated in the commencement of my re-
marks, there arc questions of minor importance
about which we differ, and this will always be so
in any national organization, in any country cov-
ering as ours docs a vast continent, stretching
from the pole to the equator, and from ocean to
ocean: there must of necessity be differences on
minor questions which, however, are not of suf-
ficient importance to disturb the coherence and
harmony of such an organization. It has been
so with the Democratic party since its birth, ^nd
it will be so as long as this'Govemment exists,
and there is in the midst of this country a national
political organization. Then, being a national
party, I ask the Americans why they cannot con-
sent to cobpcrate with us in the election of a
Speaker? There must be some reasons for it—are
they political* In my opinion not, Mr. Clerk,
no political differences separate us, and I will en-
deavor to show it. I know human nature well
enough to know the operations of prejudice upon
the human mind: and I believe that the antagonism
between the Americans, first as the Whig party
and afterward as the American party, and the
Democratic party, has created a prejudice in their
mind against the Democratic party. It is natural,
and always will be, that prejudice will more con-
trol human action than principle; it has always
been so in human affairs. I brieve, therefore,
that the division of the Americans and Democrats
is the result of embittered feelings arising out of
and cherished by the former. If it were not for
that, I believe there would be full and complete
cooperation between us to-day.
What is the difference between us ? The Dem-
ocratic party arc struggling to arrest a current
of events which they believe, if continued, must
result in a dissolution of the Union. You, the
Americans, say the same thing. Then, on that
main question, Americans and Democrats agree.
Democrat^ East, North, South, and West, are in
favor of preserving this Union; so are the Amer-
