1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
the United States. This Government possesses
certain powers over the subject, and it is emi-
nently proper that (hose powers should be exerted
for the benefit of the people.
It is well known to this House that since the
increase of navigation by steam, and the increase
of travel, owing to the additional facilities afforded
to our people by the growth of population and the
multiplication of the means of intercourse, the
community has been afflicted, from time to time,
Jby_ accidents that have carried mourning into every
neighborhood, and that have caused the death of
members of thousands of families within the limits"
of the Union. The frequency of occurrences of
this sort, growing outof accidents upon our rivers,
or upon our lakes and bays—sometimes from the
explosion of boilers on steamboats; sumetimes
from collisions between steamboats, or between
steamboats and other vessels, and sometimes fiom
lire—led to legislation upon this subject m the
^rear 1838. The legislation of 1838 was ineffectual.
These accidents still continued to occur. Fami-
lies were still distressed by accidents happening
to their members, and the whole community was
agitated, from time to time, because of a souse of
the insecurity of those who were required by their
necessities to travel upon boats pi ope I led by steam.
In consequence of this, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States legislated again and again upon the
subject. It adopted a variety of propositions in
reference to the manner in which vessels should
be built. It adopted a variety of regulations in
reference to the manner in wlue h machinery should
be constructed, and in winch it should be tested.
It required the exercise of great diligence on the
part of those who were intrusted with the navi-
gation of vessels, on the part of those who were
intrusted with the management of the engines and
machinery, and on the part of the pilots. Still, not-
withstanding the multiplicity of those provisions!-,
notwithstanding the multiplication of regulations
of this character; notwithstanding the multiplica-
tion of penalties indicted upon those who wore in
charge of boats on which accidents of this .sort
occurred, accidents still recur, and not a week
passes by in which some portion of our people
is not thrown into mourning, and in which the
country is not called upon to deplore the loss of
some valuable citizen by those accidents.
Now,Mr.Speaker,these (acts, whiehare within
the knowledge of every member of this House,
cull upon us to look to the subject, and to inquire
if there is not some defect in our legislation. Kor
mvown part, Mr. Speaker, my attention has been
called to the subject, because Lhave at different
periods of my life witnessed the dreadful effects
of accidents of ihis descuptiou; ami it was once
my fortune to be on one of our amors on whieh
there was gioat loss of human life from the ex-
plosion of the boiler.
Mr ilOAJU). If the gentleman will allow me,
and if he is not familiar with the subject himself,
1 will explain to Jnm where the defect in that re-
gard lies.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have given great attention
to the subject-,• and 1 will give my own views as
to the uiuse. In the instance which came under
my own observation, because my family and my-
self wei e passengers, it was the unanimous opin-
ion of the passengers on board that there had
beent criminal negligence; and not only criminal
negligence, but positive misconduct. The case
to which I allude occmred on Lake Erie. The
steamboat fiom Sandusky, where I embarked,
had repeatedly tailed to make Us connection, and
the o\v net s of that particular bo.it were injured in
busi/je.^s because ot tin* bad leputafion it was ac-
quiring in consequence of those who enibaiked
upon it not ui riving at the port of Buffalo in time
to take the raihoads Fast. In consequence of this,
it became a matter of importance to the owners
that the speed of the boat should be increased,
and every art that could be had recourse to was
had recourse to, for the purpose of increasing the
head of steam, and giving additional speed to the
v< ssej. h was the subject of remark long before
the accident occurred. After midnight an explo-
sion took place, which destroyed every human
being that wa.i m the neighborhood of the ma-
chinery and mgagtd in its management. Not
a single being of them survived to tell the tale.
Every passenger who wax m the immediate neigh-
borhood of the machinery was destroyed. The
broken fragments of human bodies were to be
seen at different parts of the boat. The charred
remains were thrown out in sight of the survi-
vors. The boat, which was a wreck on the bosom
of Lake Erie, was taken in tow by another boat
belonging to the same line, which came across
it, and was taken into the port of Erie. I believe
it was so taken to that port for the purpose of
avoiding or defeating investigation; for when the
explosion took place the boat was opposite Dun-
kirk. The surviving passengers on the boat were
desirous of reaching their respective destinations.
They separated, and no inquiry Was ever insti-
tuted. The persons who were guilty of the negli-
gence, some of whom sunived, also departed,
and no prosecution was had. These persons who
were m charge, and were guilty of negligence,
went unwhipped of justice. There was no com-
pensation made to those who mot with loss.
There could be none, of course, made to those
who had lost their friends by death.
in another instance, something similar to that
I have just referred to occurred. I have since given
much attention to this subject, and the result of
my observations satisfies me that the difficulty
does not grow out of the inadequacy of the pro-
vistons of the law in reference u> the construction
and equipment of boats or of the machinery, but
out of the failure to enforce the law. That is the
result, in part, of its always being the interest of
the owners of boats, of the masters in charge, and
of the officers intrusted with the conduct and man-
agement of the machinery, that there should be
no investigation; and there is no opposing inter-
est operating to compel inquiry into the facts and
ascertain where the fault lies. Besides, there is
another difficulty. The penalties that arc im-
posed by law are ne\er enforced , because, in these
eas< s as in others wheie the criminal law is at-
tempted to be applied, the principle of the crim-
inal law, which gives to the accused the benefit of
any doubt, a I ways operates sy a.s to lend to his dis-
charge ; and, I hei efoi c, t hou^h f here have been hun-
dreds of these acridenls, in whieh the conviction
m the public nund has been complete that the de-
struction of human life has been the result of negli-
gence and improper conduct, there has been rarely
a prusei ution; and when there have been prosecu-
tions, these prosecutions have always lamentably
failed. For my part, i have never yet known an
instance m which a conviction under the piovis-
ioiis of liie existing laws has been had, or a pen-
alty imposed by thetu has been indicted.
Now, 1 will call the attention of the House to
one fact within my own knowledge which illus-
trates the diflieulty, perhaps I ought to say the
impossibility, of enforcing penalties against those
who .in1, in Until, lespoiuuble; who are really
amenable to our existing laws. Less than two
yeais ago, on a moonlight night, there were two
Kteameisenoarred m making voyages between t.Ke
poits of Galveston and New Orleans, m the Gulf
of Mexico. One was on a voyage from New Or-
leans to Galveston; the other on a voyage from
Galveston to New Orleans. They met, and came
mcollision upon thcGulf about midway between
the two ports, and one of them was sunk, and a
huge proportion of those on board went to a watery
grave. Prosecutions were instituted in New Or-
leans. Theofficeis of both vessels wcv' indicted.
And though the testimony of poisons who were
on boaid of the steamers at the time of the col-
lision showed that the night was clear, and that
persons upon each of the steamers could and did
descry the other; yet no person on either boat,
neither the master, nor the pilot who was m charge
of the wheel—though it is certain that those on
one oi the oilier of the steamers were guilty—was
con\i< fed of any offense.
Under those circumstances, for myself I am
perfectly satisfied that you may heap up legisla-
tion in the direction m which we have gone, and
that it will be in vain; that you will not protect
human life, and that you will not increase m any
appreciable degree the security of passengers upon
our steamers, if we desire to accomplish that
object—and I believe that all are agreed that it is
desirable to accomplish it—to my mind it is clear
That we must take a new step, that we must in-
voke a new principle, or we cannot succeed.
This [ now propose to do; and with that view,
Mr. Speaker, I have prepared a bill which I wish
to present to the House as a substitute for the
bill now before the House, and which contem-
plates legislative action m another direction, and
upon a new principle. Its provisions arc very
simple. There are but three substantive provis-
ions in it, which indicate the principle invoked.
All the others arc merely intended to obtain in-
formation and to provide means for enabling all
those who have an interest in enforcing the exist-
ing provisions of law to do so.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 216) making appropriations for fulfilling
treaty stipulations avith the Ponca Indians, and
with certain bands of Indians in the State of Ore-
gon and Territory of Washington, for the year
ending June 30, 1860; when the Speaker signed
the same.
STRAMT50 VT PASSENGER BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. TAYLOR resumed the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. With the permission of the
gentleman from Louisiana, I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether this bill was reported
from a committee, or was introduced by himself?
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was re-
ported unanimously from the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then the gentleman has no
power to modify the bill.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Illinois. I can offer a
modified bill as a substitute.
Mr. WINSLOW. I should like to move an
amendment to the bill, to insert after the word
"Savannah" the words "Wilmington, North
Carolina,"so as to supply a local inspector for
North Carolina, without which I cannot support
the bill. As Galena has one, I think it proper that
Wilmington should have one also. I suppose
there can he no objection to that. The modifica-
tion would be nothing but an act of justice and
fairness.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In answer
to the gentleman from North Carolina, I will state
that I know nothing in relation to the wants of the
commerce of Wilmington. We have had no me-
morials or petitions on the subject before the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and I have had no consulta-
tion with the supervising inspectors, or with the
Secretaiy of the Treasury, in regard to this mat-
ter. If the gentleman had brought forwaid his
proposition, we should have given it a fair exam-
ination. I submit it to the well-known fairness
and candor of my friend from North Carolina, if
he should come here at this very late day and insist
upon the adoption of a provision of that kind,
without any examination, or refuse to vote for
the bill?
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman will do me
the justice to state that I brought this matter to
his attention, and to the attention of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, during the last Congress.
Mr. TAYLOR. I think the gentleman from
North Carolina can probably present his amend-
ment at a future time, and that it can be then
acted on.
Mr. WINSLOW. I was only asking the per-
mission of the gentleman from Illinois to offer the
amendment at the proper time. I should like to
know if he will permit me to offer it before he
moves the previous question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
from North Carolina very well knows that this
bill cannot be regularly amended in the House.
He knows that very much better than I do; be-
cause he is much more familiar with the rules
than I am. He knows that it cannot be amended
in that way.
Mr. WINSLOW. Well, then, would it be in
order to move to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I have the floor, I believe.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will re-
peat, for the information of the gentleman from
North Carolina,what I stated before, that I propose
to get the sense of the House in this discussion in
regard to various amendments, and if the sense of
the House is in favor of such amendments, I pro-
pose to put them m a substitute, which I shall
offer for the hill now before the House.
Mr, WINSLOW. I only desire to get a vote
upon nry amendment at some time or other.
Mr. TAYLOR. I was proceeding, when I was
interrupted, to state the character of the bill which
I propose to offer ns a substitute for the one be-
fore the House. The principle upon which that
