2326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
the business on the Speaker's table, and disposed
of it as follows: '
A bill (H. It. No. 228) for the relief of Peay &
Ayliff, with the Senate amendments—referred to
the (fommittee on the PostOffice and Post Roads.
A bill (H. R. No. 239) for the relief of George
F. Brott, with a Senate amendment.
Mr. ALDRICH. I aslc the unanimous con-
sent of the House to dispose of that bill now. It
is a private bill, and I trust nobody will object.
. There being no objection, the question was on
the Senate amendment, as follows:
After the wordtherefor," add: " Provided, That said
entry shall In nowise interlere with or embrace any land to
which there is a valid subsisting claim under the preemp-
tion laws of the United Statesso that the bill will read:
That George F. Brott be, and he is hereby, authorized to
enter the following described lands, to wit: Lots numbered
1,2, 3, and 4, and the southwest quarter of the northwest
quarter, and west half ot southwest quarter of liaetional
section thirteen; and the south half of the northeast quar-
ter, antl the southeast quarter of the northwest quarter, and
the east half of the southeast quarter of section number
fourteen; and the east half of the northeast quarter of
section number twenty-three, and lot No. 1, in section
twenty-four, all in township number one hundred and twen-
ty-four north, of range number twenty-eight west, in the
district of lands subject to sale at the land olhee at St. Cloud,
Minnesota ; said tracts containing five hundred and sixty-
two and twenty hundredths acres,upotithepaymentby the
said Brott of the usual minimum 01 25 per acre therefor:
Provided, &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
An act (H. R. No. 523) extending the charter
incorporating- the German Benevolent Society of
Washington city, in the District of Columbia,
approved July 27, 1842, with Senate amend-
ments—referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
The following Senate bills were severally read
a first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 43) for the relief of Solomon Wads-
worth—to the Committee on Public Lauds.
A bill (No. 385) to incorporate the proprietors
of Prospect Hill Cemetery—to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 426) to dissolve the Washington's
Manual Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum
Society in the District of Columbia—to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 202) to reimburse the corporation
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, a sum
of money advanced towards the construction of
the Little Palls bridge—to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
BUSINESS 01' TUB DISTltlCT Off COLUMBIA.
Mr. CARTER. I desire to ask the House to
set apart some day for the consideration of the
business of the District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman name
some day?
Mr. CARTER. Say next Saturday.
Mr. McPHERSON. I must object to that.
Saturday is private bill day, and objection day.
Mr. CARTER. I am not particular about the
day. I will take any day gentlemen choose.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection to Fri-
day or Saturday, but I must object to any other
day.
Mr. McPHERSON. I object to Friday or
Saturday.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
making the business of the District of Columbia
the special order for Saturday next?
Mr. TAPPAN. I object. It is private bill
day, and objection day.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, Friday of next week
is not objection day; and we all know that no
business is ever done on private bill days which
are not objection days.
Mr. TAPPAN. I object to taking any private
bill day.
Mr. BRANCH. I must object to any day be-
ing taken but a private bill day.
Mr, CARTER. I will name Tuesday of next
week.
Mr. BRANCH. I object. I will not object
to any Friday or Saturday.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman from New York that he should
name Saturday of the week after next. The
next two Fridays and Saturdays are objection
days.
Mr. CARTER. Thatwould bring it to the end
of the session, when it would be impossible that
the business could be transacted.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Take Friday
next.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to that.
Mr. BRANCH. Take some Friday that is not
objection day.
Mr. PHELPS. Say Friday of next week.
Mr. TAPPAN. I object to that.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. It is very desirable that a
day should be fixed for the consideration of the
business of the District of Columbia.
Mr. COBB. You can give him the floor on
Monday, and ho can' move to suspend -the rules.
Mr. CARTER. It makes no difference to me
what day is selected.
The SPEAKER. Objection has been made to
any day.
THE FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. STANTON. Some time since, I moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 217) making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain fortifi-
cations, and other works of defense, for the year
ending June 30, 1861, was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
now wish to withdraw that motion.
The motion was withdrawn.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. CARTER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, re-
ported a bill to incorporate the Guardian Society
for the Reform of Juvenile Offenders in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
AMERICAN PHARMACEUTICAL ASSOCIATION.
Mr. CARTEPv, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to incorporate the Pharmaceutical
Association in Washington city, in the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
RAILWAYS IN THIS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HUGHES, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, reported from the .minority
of the committee a bill to authorize the construc-
tion of railways in the cities of Washington and
Georgetown,and the extension,construction,and
use of the Metropolitan railroad into and within
tiie District ot" Columbia, accompanied by the
views of the minoi ity; which was read a first and
| second time, referred to the Committee of the
j Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. HUGHES also, by unanimous consent,
from the minority ofthe same committee, reported
a bill to appropriate annually, for ten years, the
sum of ^20,000 lor erecting a monument to George
Washington at the scat of the Federal Govern-
ment; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
views of the minority, ordered to be printed.
| ENROLLED BILLS.
| Mr. TIIEAKER, fiom the Committee on En-
I rolled Bills, repotted as truly enrolled an act
j making an appropriation for the construction of
certain military roads in the Territory of Wash-
ington, and an act for the relief of Asenath M.
Elliott, widow of Captain Edward G. Elliott;
when the Speaker signed the same.
TOTAL ABSTINENCE ASSOCIATION.
Mr. BAFvR, from the Committee for the Dis-
; trict of Columbia, reported a bill incorporating
i the Catholic Beneficial Total Abstinence Associ-
I ation of the District of Columbia; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
PURCHASE OF COAL.
Mr. MORSE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill to
carry into effect a conditional contract for the pur-
chase of coal; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEDGWICK submitted the views of a
minority of the committee on said bill; which
were also ordered to be printed.
Mr.BRANCH moved to reconsider thevote by
which the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PARAGUAY EXPEDITION.
Mr. HATTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Expenditures of the Navy Depart-
ment, to report to the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting to
said committee certain papers touching the ex-
penses of the late expedition to Paraguay, with
a request that they may be printed and referred
back to said committee; and the committee are
unanimous in their desire that the request may
be granted by the House.
It was so ordered.
PAVING OF PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. EDGERTON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do not
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 755) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to contract for the paving of a por-
tion of Pennsylvania avenue; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the, same committee,
made an adverse report on the memorial of the
officers of the Washington liavy-yard; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
DANIEL NIPPES.
On motion of Mr. YERREE, the Committee
of the Whole House was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of adverse report of the Court of
Claims No. 254, on the petition of Daniel Nippes;
and the same was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
CHARGES AGAINST WARD P. BURNETT.
Mr. DAILY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Itssolrcd, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
lequested to furnish to this Hou>e n copy of the ehaiges
against Ward P. Burnett, surveyor geneial of Kansas and
Nebraska, together with copies ot all the evidence apper-
taining to said case, and the decisions of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, the Seeietary of the Interior,
and the Piesident of the United States.
Mr. UNDERWOOD objected.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OJF CONGRESS.
Mr, STOKES asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means, to
whom wa^ referred a bill to regulate the; compensation of
members of Congress, bo, and they arc hereby, instiucted
to report the same to this House,
Mr. PHELPS objected.
TRANSPORTATION OF MAILS.
Mr. BRANCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads inquire into the expediency of providing by
law lor one additional clast> of railroads for the tram-porta-
| tton of the mails; which class ^hal 1 receive <i compensa-
tion not exceeding $150 per mile; antl that tlie committee
have power to report by bill 01 otherwise.
ALEXANDRIA AND HAMPSHIRE RAILROAD.
Mr. CARTER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back Senate bill
No. G4, to authorize the extension of the Alex-
andria, Loudoun, and Hampshire railroad to the
city of Washington, with amendments; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union, and, with the amend-
ments, ordered to bo printed.
POTOMAC FISHERIES.
Mr. CARTER, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill No. 369, for the protec-
i tiou of the fisheries upon the Potomac rivei, in
I the District of Columbia, with the rccommenda-
I tion that it do not pass.
I The bill was laid on the table.
