1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
282?
ST. LOUIS ARSENAL.
Mr. BARRETT. X ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the "Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of House bill No. 132, to
remove the United States arsenal from the city of
St. Louis, and to establish the same, together
with a national armory, at Jefferson Barracks,
with the view of putting it on its passage.
Mr. COYODE. I rise to a'prlviieged ques-
tion.
Mr. BARRETT. If the gentleman will allow
me to make a single statement, I think he will be
satisfied with this bill, which proposes to put into
the Treasury of this Government from three to
five hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. COVODE. I am not objecting to your
bill. I rose in reference to another matter.
Mr. BARRETT. This bill is to remove^ the
arsenal from the city of St. Louis, where it is
a nuisance, and to establish it at Jefferson Bar-
racks, only nine miles from the city, where the
land is owned by the Government. The arsenal
is now in the city, surrounded by houses and
people. The magazine there may explode at any
moment. There is a constant apprehension that
it will explode. The memorial in favor of its
removal is signed by, I suppose, six thousand
persons.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know if its removal is recommended by the War
Department.
Mr. BARRETT. It is recommended, and has
been for a long time, by every military officer con-
nected with the establishment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Isitrecom-
mended by the Secretary of War?
Mr. BARRETT. It is.
The bill was read.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
this bill establishes an armory at Jefferson Bar-
racks ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is already
established.
Mr. BOTELER. I reported this bill under the
direction of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and I say, in answer to the inquiry of the gentle-
man from Alabama, that the bill does not estab-
lish an armory at Jefferson Barracks. We have
expressly guarded against it.
Mr. CURRY. I ask the gentleman if the sole
object of the bill is to provide for the removal of
the arsenal from St. Louis to Jefferson Barracks >
Mr. BOTELER. That is all. I will say that
there is a report accompanying the bill which will
give gentlemen all the information they desire. I
ask that the report may be read.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the con-
sideration of the bill at this time?
Mr. DELANO. I object, until the report shall
have been read.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman would not
object if he understood the facts.
Mr. SHERMAN. Objection having been
made, I call for the regular order of business.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
Mr. COYODE. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am instructed by the committee of which I am
chairman to ask permission for them to sit dur-
ing the sessions of the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. COVODE. I submit the motion, then,as
a question of privilege, and demand the previous
question on it.
The SPEAKER. The motion, in the opinion
of the Chair, is not in order at this time, if ob-
jection be made, for the reason that the mam ques-
tion has been ordered on the general appropria-
tion bill.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act
to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy of
the United-States*, when the Speaker signed the
same.
CIVIL APrHOPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded to thet considera-
tion of the bill making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1861, yesterday reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
with amendments, on which the main question
had been ordered.
First amendment:
After line forty-six. insert:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasuiy to fit up ready
for the occupancy of the postmaster and his force the neces-
sary rooms in the custom-house building at New Orleans;
that is, one half of the first floor, old levee front, designed
for the post office department, according to the original
design, $*20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
* After line fifty-one, insert as follows:
For repair of custom-house in the city of Baltimore,
§15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
After line ninety-nine, insert:
For maintenance of vessel provided for by act of Au-
gust 18,1856, for inspection and transportation purposes,
$30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
At the end of line one hundred and seven, insert:
For piotcction of pieis, and beacon-lights on piers, at
Cleveland, Ohio, $8,000.
And for the protection of piers, and beacon-lights on
piers, at Fairport, Ohio, $o,00U.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decide^ in
the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Allen, Alley,
William C. Anderson, Uabbitt, Bingham, JJlair, Blake,
Boteler, Brayton, Brjggs, Biistow, liufiinton, Burnham,
Buttei field, Campbell, C'aicy, Carter, Case, Clark B.Coch-
rane, Colfax, Conkhng, Covode, Cox, Curtis, Dawes, De-
lano, Dueil, Iktoerton, Edwaid*, Eliot, Ely, Etheudge,
Fenum, Feir>, l'o&iei, Fiank, Ficuch, Gooch, Giatiam,
Giow, Umlcy, Hale, J. Moiri«ou HanN, Ilatton, Ilelmick,
Hoard, William flowaid, William A. Howard, Humphrey,
Jluichnis, Irvine, Junkm, Fianeis W. Kellogg, Kilgore,
Killingci, DeWitt C. Lcncli, Let', Longneckcr, Loomu*,
Lovejoy, Mar>ton, Chailes 1). .Mat tin, Mckean, McKnight,
MePheison, Millward, Montgomeiy, Mooihcad, Mornll,
Edward Joy Motrin, Juaae N. Moriif, Motse, Nixon, Ohn,
Pendleton, Pony, IVttit, Potter, Pottle, liioe, Christopher
ltobmson, Royee, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spauid-
mg, Spinnei, Siauton, William fciewait, Stout, Suatton,
Tappan, Tliayrr, Theaket, Tisun, Tumble, \ an W>ck,
Veiree, Wade, Waldion, Walton, Elliliu B. Wa&hbuine,
Istaoi Washbuin, Webbtei, Wells, Windom, Wood, and
Woodruff—111.
NAYS—Messrs Gicen Adam--, Ashmore, Avery, Bealc,
Boeock, Bonham, Boyce, Brab^on, Btancli, Burnett,John
B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, James Craig, Burton C'raige,
Crawfoid, Davidson, John G. Davis, D<* Jainette, Ed-
mundson, Floienee. Gartieli, Cilmei, Hatdemun, John T.
Hairis, llawkms, lloJman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Landrum, James M. Leach, Maciay, Maynard,
Miles, Million, Lab:m 'J'. Mooie, Sydenham Moore, Nel-
son, Niblack, Noell, 1'ejton, I'help*, 1'iyor, Pugli, CAiiarle*,
Reagan, ltigirs, James C. Robinson, RutTm, Scott, Simms,
Singleton, William Smith, William N. 11. Smith, Stall-
worth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stokes, Thomas,
Underwood, Vance, and Wright—64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. Mc&UEEN stated that he had paired for
the day with Mr. Vantde>lr, who had never re-
fused to pair when a fiiend of his was unwell.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that Mr. Vajllan-
ihgiiam was absent from the city, and had paired
with Mr. Couwin.
Mr. DUNN stated that he had paired with Mr.
Davis, of Mississippi, on this vote.
Mr. WADE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabic.
The latter mouon was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
After line one hundred and thirty-three, insert:
Foi fitting up the Speakers room, tlie Sergeant-at-Arins'
loom, the old flail ot the Iloiwe or Representative's, and
the passage-way on the east side oi said Hall, and the
Speaker's galleiy, for the use ot the library ot the House,
$3,000.
Mr. PERRY. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRANCH. Yes; let us have the yeas and
nays upon that amendment, to see if the House,
for so insignificant a matter as that, will destroy
the most interesting part of this Capitol.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire if it is intended to destroy the old Speak-
er's room ?
Mr. KILGORE. That is the intention.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to that. That room is replete with sacred
associations. It was occupied by Adams when
he died, and I object to destroying the room.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Sixth amendment: 7
Strike out in lines one hundred and forty-two, one hun-
dred and forty-three, and one hundred and forty-four, the
following words: " Bridge and High streets in Georgetown,
Four-and-a-half, Seventh and Twelfth streets, across the
Mall, forty-seven," and Insert in lieu thereof, the word
" thirtyso thai the clause shall read:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, the pub-
lic grounds around them and around the executive offices,
and Pennsylvania avenue, $30,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
After line one hundred and fifty-eight, insertt
For seats of wood in the Smithsonian grounds, $100.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
In Jme one hundred and ninety-three strike out" forty
thousand," and insert " sixty thousandand add a proviso
thereto; so that the clause shall road:
For collection of agricultural statistics, investigations for
promoting agriculture and rural economy, and the procure-
ment of cuttings and seeds, $60,000: Provide<i, however^
That in the expenditure of this appropriation, and especially
in the selection of cuttings and seeds for distribution, due
regard shall be had for purposes of general cultivation and
the encouragement of the agricultural and rural Interests' of -
all parts of the Union.
Mr. RUFFIN. I hope gentlemen will give us
the yeas and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
From the clause " For United States Capitol extension,
$500,000," strike out "five9' and insert "two," and add
thereto the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of the sum shall be applied to
paintings or statuary.
Mr# SHERMAN. I yesterday submitted a
motion to strike out the whole clause, and I sup-
pose that motion should be put first.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is proper
to pcrfect the clause before the motion to strike
out is put.
Mr. FLORENCE. All friends to the protec-
tion of American industry ought to keep the
clause in.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question being put upon the amendment
of Mr. Sherman, to strike out the whole clause
os amended, it was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Strike out iioni lines .two hundred and thirty-five and
two hundred and thtity-six tho words: '■ For extension of
General Post Otiiee, ^70,1)00."
Mr. PHELPS. I will say that this appropri-
ation is barely sufficient to finish the Post Office.
It is a small sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will hardly finish the
building.
Mr. PHELPS. Itwill be sufficient to put it in
such a condition that it can be used.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for tellers upon that
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The call comes too late.
Eleventh amendment:
After line two hundred and fitty-eight, insert:
For the completion of the capitol building of Nebraska
Tenitory, $30,01)0: Provided, That no part of tho money
hereby appropriated shall be. expended till detailed plans and
estimates for the entire completion of the building for the
public service, tor the sum hereby appropriated, shall have
been piepared, submitted, and approved by the Secretaryof
the Treas.uiy.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to inquire
whether any of the public authorities here have
estimated for this money? I desire to say that
the people of Nebraska, so far as I understand,
do not desire this money for this purpose.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to this amendment.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to ask the
Delegate from that Territory if he will stand up
here and say that his people want this ?
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I objectto
debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Iam astonished at
my colleague's question, when this appropriation
was reported by a committee of the House. [Cries
of" Question!" " Question !"]
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to know if
there is any assurance that the capital of Nebras-
ka will continue at the point proposed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
" for a third reading.
