1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
icans. Against what are we to direct our efforts
for the preservation of the Union ? We say that the
principles advocated by the Republican party are
deletex-ious to the best interests of the whole Union;
that they are in derogation of the Constitution and
the rights of the southern States under that instru-
ment. We believe that the principles they advo-
cate, if carried out, will bring about a dissolution
of the Union; that the triumph of the Republican
party with its principles will drive the southern
States out of this Union. That is the view taken
of the Republican party—taken alike by Demo-
crats and Americans. Therefore, we have a com-
mon interest in putting the Republican party
down. We have a common interest in battling
against that party so that the Union and the Con-
stitution may remain inviolate.
When we have accomplished the great good of
defeating the Republican party, we may then dif-
fer upon minor questions. About what do we
differ ? I know the sentiments of the American
party of my own district. In what do Americans
and Democrats differ? In nothing; and, sir, the
people of this country will, as they ought to, visit
the blame fora non-organizationuponthe southern
men here—upon southern Democrats and south-
ern Americans. We present the spectacle, when
great questions involving our vital interests are to
be decided, of division and antagonism. What
do we differ about? Are Americans in favor of
aUnited States bank? No,sir. Are they in favor
of this Government adopting a system of internal
improvement, such as has been condemned for
years past by the people of this nation. No, sir;
they say not. Are they in favor of protection at
the expense of the people of the South? No, sir;
they say not. Then, if they are not in favor of
a national bank, if they are not in favor of a tariff,
if they are not in favor of internal improvements
by the Government, and if they are in favor of
the Union of these States, and in favor of saving
the Union from those perils which the success of
the Black Republican party will bring upon the
country, in what do wc differ, and why do wc
stand in opposition to each other in this import-
ant political crisis? What do we differ about?
There are no great political questions which di-
vide the Americans from the Democrats. You
say you are in favor of preserving the Union; and
you have declared that you are not in favor of
sectionalism. I have no doubt of that; I have
no question of your being in favor of maintaining
the Union, and of being opposed to sectionalism.
If that is the case, allow me to put to you this
important question, which you must answer, not
only now, but answer when you go home to your
constituents; suppose the southern Democrats to-
day determine to separate from their connection
with northern Democrats, and that we should con-
sent to form an alliance with the SouthAmericans,
would we not then be a southern sectional party ?
And would not that necessarily have the effect to
force the northern Democrats to take position with
somebody, and to unite with what we call the
Black Republicans, in opposition to a sectional
organization in the southern States ? Should that
be done, what would bo the state of things upon
this continent? On this floor there are ninety-five
Democrats from the southern States, and there
are one hundred and fifty-two members from the
free States. Form this southern sectional organi-
zation, and we have a minority of the members
upon this floor on all questions which come before
Congress, to meet the combined forces of the
northern States. Is it policy, then, taking that
view of the case, for the Democratic party to dis-
band, and the southern Democrats go into the
ranks of a southern sectional party? Is there
any difference, between northern and southern
Democrats which would justify that course? Do
we not stand a unit against the aggressions of the
Abolitionists? Are we not endeavoring to beat
down this northern sectional organization, so far
as we can possibly effect that object, and are we
not doing this for the purpose of preserving the
Union of these States? \Ve cannot forma south-
em sectional organization, without thereby indi-
cating a purpose to establish a southern confeder-
acy for ourselves, to dissolve the ties which bind
our States to-day with the northern, eastern, and
western States.
Such being the case, I ask whether it is not
more proper that the South Americans,, existing
as they do, as the mere Representatives of cer-
tain southern States, without any affiliation with
northern men of either party, to take position in
our ranks, and aid us in electing a man who will,
as far as he can, crush out Black Republicanism,
than that we should go over to them .> Is there
anything improper, anything unmanly in twenty-
three Americans upon this floor coming up to-day
and saying they will vote with the Democrats in
effecting an organization of this House, and thus
far vindicate our just equality in this Union? What
are we quarreling about? \Vhy do we present to
the country this remarkable spectacle to-day of a
division of men whose just rights have been with-
held from them, who say they have been op-
pressed by the legislation of the Opposition m
times past, and who say they are now in danger
of being utterly ruined and overthrown in their
institutions, in their equality in the Union, by the
action of this sectional Republican organization ?
What are we to do now? If the bank question is
obsolete, if the tariff question is obsolete, if the
internal improvement question is obsolete, if all
the great questions which once divided the Whig
and Democratic parties are obsolete, what is it
we differ- about? I cannot see that we have any
difference except that which arises out of the
jealousies and prejudices growing out of our past
political controversies. Now, if that be all, is it
not better, would it not look better, not only to
the whole nation, but to the world, that all the
South should come forward and unite upon some
common principle of compromise, some just and
equitable principle to both, and effect an organi-
zation of this House, which will have the effect
to extinguish, in the minds of the southern peo-
ple especially, the feeling of apprehension in ref-
erence to their equality and safety in the Union,
and to restore harmony and union to the States
of this Confederacy ?
Now 1 have endeavored to show that between
the South Americans and the Democrats, no
great question divides them—not one that has any
vitality, not one that is likely to have any effect
hereafter, not likely hereafter to be made prom-
inent by any political party in this country.
There are no important differences at the present
hour between tho Democrats and the Americans,
and I cannot, therefore, understand how it is that
Representatives from the South calling themselves
Americans can possibly differ with the Demo-
cratic party. Have they any hostility against
the northern Democrats upon this floor ? They
ought not to have. So far from having feelings
of hostility towards them, they should have the
feelings which I myself entertain towards these
northern gentlemen—feelings of gratitude and
kindness and respect—a feeling of generosity—a
feeling which prompts me to say that they are gov-
erned by a nobility of spirit and a lofty devotion
to principle that entitle them to the highest praise
and the highest confidence of the people of this
country. They have no interest in the institution
of slavery—none whatever. Slavery does not
exist among them. If slave property should be
destroyed and extinguished, they would not bo,
so far as dollars and cents are concerned, injured
or prejudiced by it, although, so far as their ma-
terial prosperity arising from slave labor is con-
cerned , I admit that they would be greatly injured.
But I say that they have no immediate or direct
interest m the institution of slavery. Why is it,
then, that they are standing by us to-day ? Why
are they sacrificing themselves as they have done
for years past? Why is it that they stand here
in defense of what they and I conceive to be the
constitutional rights of the people of tho South,
when they do know, that in so doing, they are
digging their political graves at home? It is be-
cause of the obligations which they feel the Con-
stitution imposes upon them; it is because they
have respect for the compacts of our fathers; it is
because they are determined to do justice to those
with whom they are in copartnership and associ-
ation. They can have no other motive. I say,
then, that so far from the southern Opposition
members entertaining a prejudice against northern
Democrats, they ought to award them the meed
of praise to which they are entitled for the noble-
ness of their sacrifices and the disinterestedness
of their motives. You southern Americans have
then no serious differences with the southern
Democrats, and of course, then, you can have
none with the northern Democrats who agree
with us upon all the vital questions arising under
the Constitution. You ought to have less preju-
dice against the northern Democrats than against
us, because they are acting from influences of
justice, while we of the South are governed by
motives of interest, being directly interested in the
great question which is involved in this contro-
versy.
"Well, sir, how can we elect a Speaker? We
can never do so until the South Americans unite
with the Democrats, or until the Democrats units
with the South Americans. And I ask gentlemen
of the southern Opposition, with reference to the
interests of our own section, whether it is not
better that you should unite with us, rather than
that we should abandon our national organiza-
tion to unite with you ?
Now, I want to make a further remark to the
southern Americans, and then I shall pass from
this subject. I said, the other day, that I had
no doubt that the Americans upon this floor were
as patriotic as myself. I say so to-day; but
I do not think they have-weighed well the effect
of their opposition to the Democratic party ; for,
if thoy had done so, I do not believe they would
continue their opposition m uch longer. Here are
the Republicans in opposition to the Democratic
party, and seeking to destroy that party. Why
are they seeking to do that? Simply because it
is a national party, and stands in the way of their
success and the triumph of their principles, and
of the cause in which they are engaged. It is
strange that we should find that, while the Re-
publicans arc trying to cut off the northern wing
of the Democratic party, the southern Americans
should seek to destroy the southern wing of that
party. Suppose they succeed in killing off the
southern wing, and thus destroying the nation-
ality of the Democratic party, what national organ-
ization will be left? You cannot cooperate with
the Black Republicans. You will not do that;
and if you destroy the Democratic organization,
where are you to find any other organization
capable of defeating the purposes of the Black
Republican party ? You cannot do it. You are,
therefore, without designing it, aiding the Black
Republicans in their design.
Now, I ask you, gentlemen of the American
party, where will you get your material among
nortnern men? Can you get it out of the ranks
of the Black Republican party ? My friend from
Georgia [Mr. Hill] says they are too sound to
get anybody from the North. That is cxactly
what I wanted them to admit. If they arS too
sound to get anybody from the North, then they
must resolve themselves into a southern sectional-
ism if they continue in opposition to the Demo-
cratic party. But, sir, these gentlemen say that
they must preserve the Union; but, sir, their
course must have exactly the opposite effect. It
must have the effect to destroy the Union, and
overthrow it.
Now, then, taking this view of the subject, why
cannot the Americans comc over and cooperate
with us; why cannot they forget their prejudice
in their love of the country? Cannot they forget
their prejudices resulting from party conflicts in
their patriotism andm their devotion to this great
Union ? I think they can;I think they will.
But let me say to my southern friends upon this
floor, that, until they can unite among themselves,
until the Democrats and the South Americans who
arc interested in the question of the protection of
the rights of the South can present an unbroken
front; until they are willing to make sacrifices suf-
ficient to accomplish that result, they can with
ill grace ask the anti-Lecompton Democrats, who
have no such interest, to make such sacrifices.
I say, therefore, that, if the southern Democrats
and South Americans in this House cannot unite
in voting" for a candidate for Speaker, they cannot
cxpect the anti-Lecompton Democrats will come
to them. I want to do equal justice to all men. I
would do equal justice, the same to the anti-Le-
compton Democrats and to the Americans on this
floor, as to the party with which I am acting. I
will give them that, and I ask nothing more for
myself. It has been stated in conversation by the
anti-Lecompton Democrats, and has been an-
nounced on this floor on more than one occasion,
that whenever those who are interested as south-
ern men in opposition to the Black Republican
i party can unite and present to them a candidate
! for whom we can present votes sufficient to enable
! them to elect, they will then settle the question be-
