1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am
to the State, and influenced me only so far as it
was separating the Federal Government from
what I deem a bad connection with the State.
There are, however, provisions in the bill to
which the President has called our attention, which
I consider very objectionable. To put a foteigncr
on o better footing than a citizen of the United
States is surely wrong—an objection which did
not strike me until the message suggested it. To
say that a citizen,of the United States must be a
head of a family before he can receive the benefits
of this law, but that a foreigner may ho imported,
arid, without any such restraint, be entitled to the
benefits of the law, is a discrimination against our
own citizens unsound in principle and unwise in
legislation. Then, to make a discrimination in
favor of those who already have preemption claims
against those who arc to acquire them, is a ben-
efit offered to persons who have gone on the land
and already enjoy the possession of it foe a length
of term beyond which land ought to be ever re-
served from sale, and seems to me unjust. If
sixty-two and a half cents be the proper price, and
Congress have the right to decide that, it ought to
attach to the man who goes on the land hereafter
as well as to the man who has gone on it hereto-
fore. If $1 25 an acre be the proper price, it should
be exacted from him who has gone before as well
as from him who goes hereafter. There is in-
equality, injustice, m that provision of the bill,
according to my view, and 1 shall therefore vote
to sustain the veto of the President.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish simply
to reply to tfie last remark of the Senator from
Mississippi, who says that the bill provides that
all persons settling hereafter must pay $1 25, while
the present prcemptors pay but sixty-two and a
half cents. The bill just says, " if you want to
preempt land in advance of its survey, you may
go on it, but you must pay §1 25 an acre; and if
yon enter, under the homestead provision, sur-
veyed lands, you may enter it at twenty-five
cents." This is all the inequality.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. As one of the members
of the committee of conference, I wish simply to
state that, at the first interview, I found the dif-
ference between the House committee and the
committee on the part of the Senate so wide that
I thought there was no hope of an agreement. I
was summoned subsequently to another confer-
ence; and, on assembling, I found that two of my
colleagues had concurred in the report which was
finally adopted by the two Houses. I did not
concur in the report, and yielded it a reluctant
vote in the Senate simply from the fact that the
report seemed, at the time, to be satisfactory to
the body. If you will look at the report, you
will find that my name is not signed to it. When
the report had been concurred in by the other
two members of the committee, and the committee
had dispersed, I understood from the chairman
that he had submitted the report to members on
this side of the Senate, who had scrutinized the
bill more particularly than I had myself. The
point on which the committee seemed to hang
most was the Senate bill, which had undergone
full scrutiny in this body, and received the almost
unanimous support of the members on this side
of the Chamber. Not concurring with my col-
leagues upon the committee, I did not bestow
upon the bill the scrutiny which I should have
done if I had been inclined to unite in the report.
When I came into the Senate, and found, after
all the Senators had voted, that it met with such
unanimity as it did, I gave it a reluctant vote.
The provision to which the Senator from Missis-
sippi has alluded, disciinnnating in favor of for-
eigners against citizens of our own country, had
not been called to my attention, and I was not
aware of the fact until it was called to my notice
by the veto message of the President. 1 deem it
proper to say this in order to put myself right;
for I shall vote to sustain the veto of the Presi-
dent, believing that he has given us sufficient
reasons why the bill should not become a law.
Mr. POWELL. I have been, sir, from the
beginning, opposed to the homestead bill—the one
that first passed the House, and the substitute that
was adopted by the Senate. I voted against the
bill on its original passage. I very reluctantly
voted to concur in the report of the committee of
conference. 1 did not approve the bill, and voted
against it when it was originally passed. I am
utterly opposed to the whole measure, and greatly
prefer the present land system to any that I have
hoard proposed. 1 make this statement to explain
the vote which I shall give to sustain the veto
according to the reasoning of the President.
Mr. PUGIi. I am not going to discuss this
question except as to the point to"which my friend
from Alabama alluded, and to which thaSenator
from Mississippi, 1 believe, alluded, an^ which
is also specified in the message. I have examined
that section of the bill in relation to persons not
naturalized. 1 think the argument of the Pres-
ident is a quibble; it does not rise above it. The
bill simply says that any person who has declared
his intention to become a citizen shall be placed
on the footing of a citizen, and having the same
pobitson, shall have the benefit of the bill, to wit:
the head of a family; so that, I think, there is
nothing at all in the objection.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not wish to detain the
Senate with anything like a speech; but I wish to
say that 1 heartily approve of the President's veto,
and I think the reasons which he has adduced for
the course he has pursued concur with the opin-
ions long entertained by the State which I in part
represent here, to whose wishes and fixed and
permanent opinions on the subject 1 should be
faithless if I did not vote to sustain him in this
veto. I believe that the operation of the system
inaugurated by this bill will be to make worthless
to the nation that magnificent patrimony which
haa heretofore been of so much value to us—not
merely in sustaining the population that has over-
flowed from the old States; not only in offering
homes to the vast bodies of immigrants who have
come here quite as freely as I desire, I confess,
but also giving credit and furnishing means to the
Government in past times, and which, after the
lapse of a few years, when the land warrants shall
be exhausted, would prove a very large source of
income to the Government. I think that this
time, when the public Treasury is by no means
overflowing, and by some is supposed to be quite
inadequate to the wants of the Government, cer-
tainly by a very large portion of gentlemen on
this side of the Chamber, is the very worst of all
times at which to introduce a measure that de-
stroys the present system of administering the
public lands, cuts off forever almost all the profit
which can be anticipated from them, and throws
the Treasury entirely upon the other resources,
which gentlemen seem to consider inadequate. I
will not trouble the Senate, weary as its members
are of our long and protracted sessions, with any
more remarks; but I could not have been satisfied
if I had not briefly expressed my hearty satisfac-
tion with the veto, and my earnest hope that the
President will be sustained.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, as a member
of the Committee on Public Lands, I may be sup-
posed to represent the views of Senators on this
side of the Chamber. Before the vote is taken,
I therefore ask leave to say a few words.
Representing a State, in part, deeply interested
in the passage of a homestead bill, and believing
that the old Senate bill was the best that could be
obtained from this Administration, I sustained it
with my vote and voice. In this 1 was not sus-
tained by Senators with whom I am associated
politically. The House sustained their views;
and ultimately a compromise was effected on an
agreement to the bill now before us. This bill is,
in my opinion, an improvement on the Senate bill,
but not all that I and my political friends desired.
But, as 1 feared, it has been returned by the Pres-
ident with his objections. It is now the duty of
the Senate to consider his objections, and, if pos-
sible, carry it by a two-thirds vote.
I propose to review them with rapidity. In
my opinion, not one of them will bear a candid
analysis.
1. His first objection is that Congress has no
power to give away the public lands to either in-
dividuals or to States. But this bill proposes to
sell them to speculators, as heretofore, at $1 25
per acre,and to homestead settlers at twenty-five
cents per acre. Hence no gift is proposed ; it is
a reduction of price to the actual, settler. It is
true, it grants to the States all lands that have
bpen exposed to sale for thirty years, and for five
years of that period offered at twenty-five cents
per acre. This, too, is not in the nature of a gift,
but an abandonment of property to the States that
has ceased to be of value to theGovernment. This
feature of the bill was defended by the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Cjlat] with 'ability., on the
ground that, after lands had been exposed to sale v
for thirty years at graduated prices, running down
to twenty-five cents per acre, the entire proceeds
of sales would not defray the .expenses of the
land offices. Hence it would cease to bo of value,
to this Government. Certainly no one, can .pre-
tend that this Government has no power to aban-
don worthless property.
2. His second objection is, that this bill would
prove unjust and unequal in its operation among
the actual settlers themselves; that those who have
heretofore settled on and purchased public lands
have paid §1 25 per acre; if you now reduce the
price to sixty-two and a half cents or twenty-five
cents per acre, you treat the first purchasers un-
justly, and you will be required to refund to them
the difference. Well, sir, such an argument hardly
merits a moment's thought. It. implies the dec-
laration that Congress has no power to re.duca
the price of public property without refunding to
all others who may have bought at a higher rate!
And that, too, in the face of his own declaration,
contained in this same veto message, that the price
was heretofore reduced from <j>2 to $1 25; and yet
no one has heard a clamor, or even a request to
have you refund from the Treasury to the first
puichaser the difference in price of seventy-five
cents per acre.
3. His third objection is, that this bill will do
great injustice to the old soldiers who have re-
ceived bounty land warrants, by reducing their
value in the market. Now, sir, when these bounty
land warrants were authorized to be issued they
were not assignable; it is merely a grant to the
old soldier of the right to enter a piece of land
without pay; it was a donation of land to the
soldier. The wan ants were afterwards made as-
signable for the benefit of the soldier, who could
not or would not select and enter land. Whoever,
diearned that, by this act making land warrants
assignable, Congress entered into an implied obli-
gation to maintain their value in the market, by
withholding lands from market at less than $1 25
per acre? Neither the Congress nor the Execu-
tive seemed to think so when the graduation bill
became a law.
4. His fourth objection is, that this bill would
be unjust to mechanics and other classes of citi-
zens than agriculturists, requiring them to change
tjjoir modes of life. Plow so? Is it not broad
enough in its provisions to embraccall? Every
head of a family, a citizen of the United States,
or who has declared his intention to become such,
may settle on and occupy his homestead,whether
farmer or mechanic, lawyer or doctor; none are
inhibited. If they decline to do so, it is not the
fault of the law; nor docs the bill require any one
to change his calling as a preiequisite to settle-
ment.
5. His fifth objection is, that the bill would be
unjust to the old States, in diminishing the mar-
ketable value of their lands, and holding out a
premium to their citizens to emigrate to the new
States. This may be a very good argument when
addressed to the State pride of the Representatives
of the old States, but not very creditable to their
humanity. Who are the citizens of the new
States? Your sons and daughters—the children
and grandchildren of your peopleathome ! And
the President of the Republic invites you to adopt
a policy that will retain them around the old
homestead and worn out lands, to struggle with
penury and want—to become the hewers of wood
and the drawers of water of hard-hearted landlords
—rather than to send them to the fertile lands of
the new States, to build up for themselves for-
tunes and happy homes.
6. His sixth objection is, that" this bill will
open one vast field for speculation. Large num-
bers of actual settlers will be carried out by cap-
italists, upon agreements to give them half of the
land for the improvement of the other half." This
objection will excite the ridicule of every settler
in a new State who sees it. How much would
it cost the capitalist to remove families from the
old States to the unoccupied public lands in the
new States and Territories, and maintain them
until they can cultivate a crop, and live on the
proceeds of their own industry? No one will
pretend that it can be done for less than §100 per
family. In what, then, will consist the specula-
tor's profit? He will advance one hundred dol-
lars or so, to transport and feed a family, and
