1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. COLFAX. If it had the gentleman could
not get this question from before the House, be-
cause we are operating under the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. REAGAN. How docs the substitute stand
in respect to the initial point of this line ?
Mr. COLFAX. If stands as it was modified
this morning by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. The modification was read but
a few moments ago.
Mr. REAGAN. My amendment was yester-
day accepted by the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. It was adopted
by the House and incorporated as a part of the
bill. How, then, can the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads come in here now and
supersede that action of the House?
Mr. COLFAX. The rules provide that we
have a right to modify our proposition before the
question is taken on it. I have already stated
that we withdrew our acceptance of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Texas as a modifica-
tion of our proposition. We had the right to do
so.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Is this discussion
in order?
The SPEKER. It is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. I insist on rny motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. REAGAN. I make this point of order:
yesterday my amendment was accepted by the
gentleman having charge of this bill. It proposed
to strike out St. Joseph as the starting place of
the line, and to substitute for it any point on the
west bank of the Mississippi river. The amend-
ment, as I have said, was accepted and adopted as
the action of the House. Now the gentleman
comes in and states that the. acceptance of my
amendment is withdrawn. The point I make is
that the committee have no right to change the
action of the House. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Indiana did propose to strike out the
amendment adopted yesterday on my motion. If
I had heard him, I would certainly have objected
to it. I insist that my amendment cannot be taken
out of the bill.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. There was no vote
taken on the gentleman's amendment, but it was
merely accepted as a modification by the gentle-
man from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
committee had the right this morning to modify
tjieir substitute in any way they desired.
Mr. REAGAN. I move my amendment now.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the main
question having been ordered.
The question was taken, and the substitute, as
amended, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
read a third time, and it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. COLFAX demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. What is the
price of messages fixed by the bill ?
Mr. COLFAX. Three dollars a single mes-
sage.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Is not that cm-
braced in the scope of competition?
Mr. COLFAX. It is not.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. It ought to be.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Alduch, Allen, Alley, Babbitt, Barrett, Bingham,
Blair,Blake,Brayton,Briggs,Buffmton,Bureh,Burlingame,
Burnham, Bulterfield, Campbell, Carter, Case, Horace F.
Clark, John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Colfax, Covode,
James Craig, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edgerton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Perry, Florence, Foster, Frank. French,
Gooch,Graham, Glow, Gurlcy, Hale, Hamilton, J. Morrison
Harris, Helmiek, William Howard, William A. Howard,
Hughes, Humphrey, Hutehins, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kilgore,DeWittC. Leach,Lee, Loomis,Maliory,
Marston, Charles D. Martin, McKean, MeKnight, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morse, Nixon, Noell. Olin, Pendleton, Perry,
Pettit, Phelps, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Christopher Ilobinson,
Itoyee, Scranton, Sedgwick, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Stout, Stnttton, Tappan, Taylor, Thayer, Tram,
Trimble, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Ellihit B. Wasiiburne,
Webster, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—101.
NAYS—Messrs.William C. Anderson, Aslimore, Avery,
Beale, Bocock, Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Burnett,
Clopton, Cobb, Conkling, Cos, Burton Craige, Orawtbrd,
Curry, Davidson, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Edmund-
son, Etheridge, Fenton, GartreJI, Gilmer, Hardeman, John
T. Harris, Haskin, Hatton, Hoard, Holman, Houston, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Keitt, Kiliinger, Landrum, James M. Leach,
Lovejoy, Maclay, Maynard, McPherson, Miles, Millvvard,
Montgomery, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Moms, Nelson,
Niblack, Peyton, Pryor, Pugh, Cluarles, Reagan, Reynolds,
Riggs, James C. Robinson, Rot fin, Rust, Schwartz, Simms,
Singleton, William N. H. Smith, Stallwortii, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, Underwood, Vance,
yan Wyek, Wclis, Winslow, and Wright—73.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr- COLFAX stated that his colleague, Mr.
Porter, was paired with Mr. Leake until Wed-
nesday next.
Mr. FRENCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Somes, was paired for the day with Mr. Haw-
kins.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, not being present
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, stated, that if al-
lowed to vote, he would have voted in the negative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENDITURES IN THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Kentucky. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to make a re-
port from the Committee on the Expenditures in
the War Department; which I do at the request
of a member who is absent. The report is in
reference to expenditures m that Department.
There was no objection; and the report was
received, laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The question now before the
House is the report of the select committee on
the Pacific railroad question; and on that ques-
tion the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, my desire is that
there shall be a fair opportunity, not only for
amendment, but discussion. The committee of six-
teen members on the subject of a Pacific railroad,
raised on the 5th of April ultimo, after much toil,
and with an earnest desire to arrive at a satisfac-
tory result, have directed me to report House bill
No. C4G, to secure contracts and make provision
for the safe, certain, and more speedy transpor-
tation, by railroad, of mails, troops, munitions of
war, ftiilitary and naval stores, between the At-
lantic States and those of the Pacific, and for other
purposes.
Before I proceed to present some remarks on
the subject, I ask that the Clerk read the bill, in
order to place it on the records of the Globe, and
thus make it convenient for future reference.
The Clerk read the bill in, extenso.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to offeran amend-
ment to the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Haskin in
the chair.) The gentleman from Iowa is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to give way to me.
. Mr. CURTIS. I -would prefer that the gentle-
man should wait until I present the matter to the
House in a brief speech; and then the amend-
ments can come in.
Mr. HAMILTON. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will allow this matter to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where all these amendments can be presented.
Mr. CURTIS. I understand that, under the
new rule, we can proceed just as successfully to
consider and amend the bill, section by section, in
the House, as we could do in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I prefer,
therefore, to keep the matter before the House.
I am advised by my friends that that will be the
-.better course. I hope gentlemen will agree that the
bill shall remain in the House. We can discuss
it all day to-day, and proceed with it from day to
dav until we can come to a determination upon it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Iowa will proceed.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, there is a uni-
versal agreement upon the subject of a Pacific
railroad.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to
make a suggestion to the gentleman, Without tak-
ing up his time.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will first
allow me to finish a paragraph in my speech.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. My object is to get
all these propositions before the House.
Mr. CURTIS. I have already replied to that
suggestion, and I think I have done so with due
courtesy. I am willing that the whole matter
shall come before the House; but I tell the gen-
tleman that there will be many amendments of-
fered, and if they are all read now, gentlemen will
get weary, retire from the Hall, and I shall have
no audience.
Mr. HAMILTON. My proposition to thegen-
tleman from Iowais, that we go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where all
the amendments can be presented, and all the dif-
ferent bills and propositions can be considered at
the same time. There is no gentleman who de-
sires to discuss this question who does not want
to have all the propositions before him. If the
gentleman presents one single, isolated proposi-
tion to the House, as a matter of course that
alone can be considered; and I imagine that'there
is no gentleman here who wishes to discuss the
subject who would not prefer to have all the prop-
ositions before him at the same time. If the gen-
tleman will agree to go into the Committee of the
Whole, all these propositions can be presented,
and the whole matter can be discussed much more
satisfactorily to the individual members, arid can
be more easily disposed of there than by the
course he proposes to pursue.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Iowa, that perhaps it would be better
to have the different propositions go before the
House, and then to proceed with the discussion.
Mr. CURTIS. I have no objection to that, if
it is not required that they shall be read to the
House; because it would occupy too much time
to read them. I am willing to clicussallthe prop-
ositions, and would as soon do it now as at any
other time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If they are not to
be read, what is the use of having them before
the House? What is the use of discussing them?
Mr. COBB. They are printed, and every mem-
ber can read them for himself.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Docs the gentle-
man from Iowa yield to the gentleman from Texas
to offer an amendment?
Mr. CURTIS. I do, with the understanding
that it shall not be required to be read.
Mr. HAMILTON. I offer the amendment
which I send up, to the first section of the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
will be rcccivcd. The gentleman from Iowa is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Iowais willing that amendments may
be offered. I want to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Amendments can
only be received in accordance with the rules of
the House. *
Mr. BURNETT. That is what I understand;
and I now want to state to the gentleman from
Iowa that I have no desire to offer this amendment
at this time, but I desire either to offer an amend-
ment to the first section of his bill now, or to have
an opportunity of doing so at some other time.
Mr. CURTIS. Does it relate to the corpora-
tors ?
Mr. BURNETT. It relates to the corporators.
Mr. CURTIS. I will present my arguments
against it now, and the gentleman can offer it at
the proper time.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to submit a very small
amendment.
Mr. BOYCE. Does the gentleman propose to
call the previous question to-day?
Mr. CURTIS. Oh, no; certainly not.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to offer an amend-
ment as a substitute for the first section of the bill.
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot yield further. _
Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know whether it is not in order,
after an amendment has been received, to have it
read at the Clerk's desk?
