1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB
that up, contains very important remedial legis-
lation, very necessary to the reform of the postal
service, very desirable to be passed, and very ne-
cessary to be sent to the House of Representatives
at once, if it is to be acted upon at all. The
other bill has consumed a great deal of our con-
sideration. "We have had three committees of
conference upon it. Senators upon the other side
opposed a committed of conference last night, and
we have no reason to expect they will do other-
wise now. I know that if it is taken up, it must
be discussed for some time. I propose to take
up the post route bill and perfect our action upon
that, which we can do very quickly by voting
without speaking; and then immediately to take
up the Post Office deficiency bill, which has but a
single question remaining, a question well under-
stood between the two Houses, and which can
readily be determined between them as soon as
we get through with the other bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In one breath the Senator
from Florida tells us that the Post Office deficiency
bill, if it is taken up now, will lead to a discus-
sion, but before he sits down he tells us that if
we watt until we get through the post route bill
it will take no time at all, for it is well under-
stood.
Mr. YULEE. I did not say it would take no
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator said it might
be very readily disposed of; that it was well un-
derstood.
Mr. YULEE. I said that the question in dis-
pute was well understood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the first place he tells
us that he wants us to go on with the post route
bill and then he tells us that his object is to de-
feat the Post Office deficiency bill.
Mr. YULEE. I deny it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois has the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator desires to
say anything, I will yield to him.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator has mistaken my
position. I say that rather than allow the dis-
organization and demoralization of the Depart-
ment by the adoption of the amendment of the
House, I would prefer to lose the bill-, and I will
say that I have no hope of a better vote trom the
other side than we received last night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is what I under-
stood, and what I said, that the Senator was pre-
pared to defeat the Post Office deficiency bill.
Unless he can have his own way, unless he can
pass it as he desires it, he wants to defeat it.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Rather than submit to
what a majority of the Senate may determine, he
is willing to defeat it. Now, sir, 1 trust every
person here understands it. Every person who
voted last night to concur with the House and
make the Post Office deficiency bill a law, I hope
understands the object of the Senator from Flor-
ida, which is nothing more nor less than to kill
the bill rather than have the Senate concur with
the House of Representatives. With that under-
standing, I trust that if the Post Office deficiency
bill has friends enough to pass it, we shall stand
together and pass it now.
Mr. YULEE. I merely desire to set myself
right in a single sentence. I did say, and I re-
peat, that rather than concur ill the legislation
proposed by the House, 1 prefer to defeat the bill;
but 1 do not consider that as authorizing the Sen-
ator to say, and he cannot correctly say, for it is
not so, that the motive with which I oppose its
being taken up now is the defeat of the bill. On
the contrary, I shall desire the vote of the Senate;
but I say that it is more important to complete
the post route bill, which has many important
amendments, that it may-go to the House for its
immediate action, than to take up now a bill
which has but a single question, and that a con-
troverted question which can be just as well dis-
posed of afterwards between the two Houses.
That is all, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to postpone all prior orders and take up the Post
Office deficiency bill.
The quesLion being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Cliesnut,
Clark, Crittenden, Doolittle. Fossenden, Fitcli, Foot, Fos-
ter, Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond, Harlan, Hemphill,
King, Lane, Latham, Pugb, Simmon", Sumner, Ten
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bragg, Davis, Fltzpatriek, Gwin
son, Johnson of Tenne^eo, Maliorv, Nicholson
Polk, Powell, IUce, Sebastian, and Ylllee—14.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the. chair.) The bill (H. R. No. 503) making
further appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year-ending
the 30th of June, I860, is before the Senate; and
the question is upon the motion to reconsider the
vote concurring in the amendment made by the
House of Representatives.
Mr. SIMMONS. I made that motion, intend-
ing to vote against it.
Mr. YULEE. Before the vote is taken, I -wish
to say to the gentlemen who have been voting
heretofore in concurrence with the view which I
have held in regard to this bill, that there is no
change at all from the original features -of the
amendment which came from the House, except
for the worse. It is worse than it ever was.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understood that many bad
routes were cut oft'.
Mr. DAVIS. When I had the honor of serv-
ing upon a committee of confcrence on this bill,
it was after the Senate had three times refused to
adopt the proposition to restore all service to the
condition in which it was on the 4th of March,
1859. I supposed that if anything was settled
in the mind of the Senate, it was the fact that
they did not propose legislatively to undertake
the execution of Post Office affairs. It appears,
however, from the vote that has been taken, and
the present indication, that I was mistaken in the
views of the Senate; that they do piopose to as-
sume here the executive functions of the Postmas-
ter General; for, in the debate, it was asserted that
the purpose was to direct the Postmaster General
to restore all the service; and such is the language
of the amendment:
"That the Postmaster General is hereby directed to re-
store the inland service on all the loutes under contract on
the -1th of Match, 1859."
But if gentlemen suppose that they are thus to
secure the service on these routes, they aie greatly
mistaken; for, by way of exhibiting exactly what
the intention is, and what the effect is, I will read
the other proviso:
" Provided further, That nothing; herein contained shall
debar the Postmas-ter Gcncial from discontinuing or cur-
tailing any of the mutes hereby rc-toied ; nor shall the con-
tractor oi eontiactors upon said rc.-toied route be paid any
extra allowance whatever in consequence of any new cur-
tailment or discontinuance.-"'
So that in one proviso they restore all the ser-
vice by the direction of Congress, and then append
to it a clause that the Postmaster General may
discontinue without compensation attaching. The
Postmaster General's letter is befoie Congress,
informing them that he has discontinued only
such service as he believed not to be required by
the public interests. There is 110 compensation
to attach if he discontinues again, and he stands
pledged before the public to discontinue the same
routes again. What, then, is the effect? It is a
mere political advantage to be acquired, to sub-
ject him to the necessity of again incurring the
criticism, the dislike of the particular localities
where he discontinues the service; but, as an hon-
est and gallant man—and I believe him to be both
—he must follow the conviction he has declared,
and discontinue the routes again. I can see, then,
what purpose it will serve the other side of the
Chamber, hut I do not see why any one on this
side should favor it.
But there is another provision contained in this
same amendment that has something more sub-
stantial in it. It is that which says:
"And where tlic service has been actually performed hv
the contiactorllpon curtailed routes, notwithstanding such
cuitailment, the Postina^terGeneral .-hall pay the eontract-
ois us if no change had been otdeied.''
There is a provision which puts the contractor
in receipt of full pay, where lie lias been directed
by the Postmaster General to curtail the service
 as his letter shows—directed to curtail it for
public .considerations. I heard something said
last night about jobs. There, it strikes me, if
such language is to be employed, is the widest
gate thrown open for them that I have seen in any
legislation. You charge an executive effieerwith
the control of a particular Department. He re-
sponds to your charge; and, after he has per-
formed the duty, a contractor, who has assumed
to disregard his older of curtailment, which, 111
many cases, hisprivate interest would induce him
to do, is then provided by Congress to have the
full pay which he would have had if he had per-
formed the service accordingto his original sched-
ule. Some man owning a boat, navigating a river
for passengers and freight, and also charged with
the transportation of the mail, continues in the
performance of his commercial obligations and
as his commercial interests dictate; and this pro-
vides that Congress shall pay him for all the ser-
vice in the transportation of the mail which ha4
been curtailed by the Postmaster General. I
merely wish to state what the effect of it is.
Taking the two provisoes together, it is quite
clear that when routes have been discontinued,
where contractors have abandoned service be-
cause they were discontinued, nothing attaches
here save the responsibility of the Postmaster
General to assert again what he has asserted al-
ready; and in the other case, money is to be paid
despite the order of the Postmaster General.
We are told by several persons that there is no
purpose to censure the Postmaster General. I am
glad to know it; hut we have something beyond
this which devolves upon us as ci duty. When
a public officer responds to the call of the public
interest, and so performs his duty as to command
our respect, he is entitled to something more than
an exemption from censure: he is entitled to be
sustained. Where he has incurred responsibility,
where he has taken upon himself the odium of
discontinuing service, in the face of calls upon
him, in particular localities, it is right that Con-
gress should commend him, if, in their judgment,
he has performed his duty and answered to the
public interest. I think,therefore,sir, that, what-
ever may be the intent of Congress, the act is in
itself a rebuke upon the Postmaster Geneial for
attempting to reduce the expenses of a Depart-
ment which all admit were swollen beyond its
due proportion.
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President,I am a little
surprised that the particular friends of the Post-
master General should insist that the passage of
this bill, if it does pass in this shape, is a rebuke
to him, and that it is intended for party purposes.
Now, sir, I support this bill, though 1 have the
utmost confidence in the Postmaster General; and
I would do nothing to advance the interests of
any party against the truth, anci certainly not the
interests of the party that sits opposite to ine.
But, sir, as a Senator, I have a right to an opinion.
It is only a day or two since, I believe, with the
concurrence of the Senator who has just taken
his seat, this body interfered m the most special
manner with the affairs of a Department, and
specified the very man, and the only man, who
was to expend an enoimous sum of money. If
this body can do that, 1 think it can give this rec-
ommendation to the Postmaster General; and 1
do not see why the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives should, under any circumstances, be
precluded fiom giving a full expression to their
opinion upon every subject connected with our
political affairs. 1 would not trench upon any
department, executive or otherwise, but I think
that when we have opinions we have a right to
express them.
Senators forget the peculiar circumstances un-
der which this bill has been brought forward.
When last year, at the last houi of the session,
the bill was defeated by which the Post Office De-
partment was to be sustained, an immense burden
was thrown upon the Government to keep up
even a decent postal system without funds, and
not allowed, I believe, even by law, to touch the
postages. The present Postmaster General as-
sumed themostresponsiblcposition, perhaps, that
any officer of this Government ever assumed, when
he undertook to carry on the Department under
those circumstances. He has performed it ad-
mirably; but it has been done with the aid of the
people. The public have submitted to reductions
and discontinuances that they would not have
thought of submitting to but for the peculiar cir-
cumstances under which the Department was
placed; and now to reorganize the Department on
the basis of a lost appropriation; to reorganize the
Department upon the basis of a Department to
get along without money, issuing certificates,
catching as catch can. and all that sort of thing, it
is impossible. Nobody ever dieamed of it; no-
body ever thought of such a thing as that. Really,
I supposed it would relieve the Postmaster Gen-
