2330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state, in reply to the gentleman from Texas, that
his amendment was received upon the express-
understanding that it was not tobe read, with the
consent of the gentleman from Iowa, who had the
floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. Well, if it is not to be
read, I do not see any propriety in its being
offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will be read
before it is voted on.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to submit an amend-
ment, to strike out a few words in the first section
of the bill. Will the gentleman from Iowa yield
to me for that purpose ?
Mr. CURTIS. I must decline to yield, as I
have similar solicitations all around me. The
amendment which the gentleman proposes, I
know, is to strike out the words, "by the vicinity
of Great Salt Lake."
Mr. PHELPS. Then I hope the gentleman
will himself submit it at my instance.
Mr. CURTIS. I will refer to it in the course
of my remarks.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will sub-
mit the amendment, so that we may have a vote
upon striking out that portion of the section.
Mr. CURTIS. I will not submit it, but I will
give the gentleman an opportunity of doing so, if
it lios in my power.
I was saying, that on the subject of a Pacific
railroad there is a universal concurrence of opinion
in the United States in favor of such a work.
Mr. REAGAN. This is a very important meas-
ure. I ask the gentleman to allow me to propound
a question to him?
Mr. CURTIS. I cannot yield,and I hope the
gentleman will excuse mo.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask if the gentleman intends
to put this bill through the House without any
amendment?
Mr. CURTIS. I certainly have said, over and
over again, that, so far as I am concerned, no such
idea prevails anywhere. I have been working for
three years in Congress for a Pacific railroad, and
I have been doing so in good faith. Indeed, I
have advocated the measure, not only in Congress
but out of Congress; and for many years tried to
impress it on the public mind,that itisone ofthe
mostimportantmeasures that has ever been before
the people of this country; and I am determined,
so far as if lies in my power, to present it in such
a form as to bring it to a final consummation. I
know that no trickery or fraud on the part of any
man will secure success to such a measure, and I
hope that gentlemen on both sides ofthe House
will understand, that in the progress of this debate,
and in the presentation of this subjcct, I desire
the fullest and fairest consideration ofthe whole
question.
Mr. Speaker, if you inquire of the people of
this country, in any locality, if they are in favor
of a Pacific railroad, you will receive but one
response. I presume there is not a member of
this House who is not in favor of a Pacific rail-
road. It seems to me, therefore, that it would be
altogether idle for me to speak in favor of a Pa-
cific railroad, because of this universal concur-
rence of opinion in respect to it.
But, Mr. Speaker, I regret to say that while
men concede that a Pacific railroad is necessary,
they seem to fall short of the idea of the import-
ance of immediate action upon the question.
They regard it as one of those measures in the
future that destiny will bring about, and one in re-
gard to which they are not called upon to exert
their own energies upon this or any other occa-
sion. I am glad, sir, that the voice of this country,
expressed by State Legislatures, in presidential
messages, and in the resolutions of party con-
ventions, is calculated to awaken men s minds to
the fact that this is a vital question, and one that
has to be considered and determined now by us,
the people of this day and this generation.
I will say a few words as to the importance of
the measure. Your committeeof sixteen—one of
the largest committees ever raised in the Congress
of the United States—were unanimous as to the
necessity and importance of the work, and a ma-
jority of ten to six have reported in favor of the
construction of such a work, upon these grounds:
first, that it is important as a military power in
the country; second, that it is necessary as a postal
accommodation to the country; and third, thatit
is desirable as a commercial convenience to the I
States and Territories of the Union.
The military importance of a Pacific railroad
is so great that, even for that purpose alone, any
wise man who contemplates the defense of the
Pacific coast would be willing to commence the
construction of the work, as a matter of first im-
portance, as the only safe and adequate means
of preserving lines of communication. Any man
who studies the position of California, Oregon,
and Washington—their isolated condition, their
entire disconnection from the settlements in the
East, except by long channels of overland com-
munication—will see at once that, in case of
war, and even in time of peace, the expenses and
long delay of transportation to that country are
such as to force conviction on the mind of the
most casual observer that some interior railroad
connection is a military necessity imperiously
demanded for the safety and honor of the coun-
try. All our great, effective channels of commu-
nication to California are not through the United
States, but around the United States, through
belligerent countries; through countries that are
often rent by internal wars, and inhabited by
people either indifferent or hostile to us. It is
not, therefore, safe for us to transport our muni-
tions of war and California treasure, even in times
of peace, through many of the channels which we
now employ. But we are always liable to war;
and the moment war occurs between us and any
ofthe great commercial Powers of the world, the
very first point that a foreign enemy would be
disposed to assail would be California and those
foreign lines of her commerce. The position of
the Pacific coast; the isolation from our settle-
ments; the moving treasure on the ocean, and
the inexhaustible mines of gold and silver, would
excite the avarice of any Power hostile to this
country, and insure, or rather invite, the first effi-
cient blow against that defenseless frontier. They
would, therefore, seek at once to possess them-
selves of every effective line of communication
we have to our Pacific settlements, and to con-
quer and to occupy that portion of our country.
I have not the least doubt that our people on that
coast would struggle to the last extremity against
such an assault, but they have not the means
within themselves to resist the terrible engines of
modern war; and although they may have the
men and the courage and the endurance of our
revolutionary heroes, yet, without the arms, mu-
nitions, and other materials of war, they have not
the ability to preserve the integrity of our coun-
try; and without an interior railroad you cannot
reach the country in time to afford aid to your
besieged and devastated frontier. All your lines
of transportation,in timeof war, would be imme-
diately cut off; the Pacific ocean is at once in the
power of our foes; and our Pacific States are in
imminent danger of such disasters to their com-
mercial and material wealth that it would be their
interest, and finally their inclination, to form hon-
orable terms of capitulation and alliance with the
Powers that thus control their destiny. This is
not a mere fancy sketch; but, in view of Euro-
pean combinations and interest, a pending danger.
A Pacific railroad in our own country would
enable us to send forward repelling forces; and
therefore, as a matter of military defense, the best
way to secure and maintain that country is to
build such a road in the shortest time possible.
It, in fact, presents itself to my mind as a matter
of military necessity to the Government of the
United States, and on that account alone I would
expect a united effort to secure it.
ft is a work also of great necessity as a chan-
nel of commerce. We want to establish some
channel of communication through our own coun-
try, to our distant friends in California—one that
is speedy, healthy, inviting; and not slow, sickly,
and repulsive, as those are through the Isthmus.
But I am determined not to enlarge to any ex-
tent upon this subject. My object is only to bring
the minds of members to its consideration.
Then, in relation to the postal arrangements,
under which we annually pay millions every year
for mail transportation to the Pacific. We pro-
pose to vest that same in this Pacific railroad, for
the purpose of securing the means for construct-
ing' a line of communication that will perform the
service with more safety, expedition, and con-
venience to the whole people of the country.
If I were to state to the House on this occasion,
that war had been declared with a great foreign
Power, all these considerations of military danger
andcommercial disaster and postal inconvenience
would come home to every member in this Hall
and every hamlet in this country, and I would
not thus find it necessary to inflict arguments upon
the House to secure consideration and action on
this subject. But while we are at peace with all
the world,and there seems to be no great danger
of immediate war, there is apparently no disposi-
tion to make any sort of preparation for military
defenses and other national necessities, which true
wisdom seems to demand. It is said by many of
our friends that the country is not exposed to
danger of war. Why, sir, there is no country on
the face the earth which is so much exposed.
There are now being formed in Europe the most
formidable combinations which have ever oc-
curred; and the forward movement of Russia,
France, and England, although it is not aimed at
us, is neverthless a movement towards the Pacific,
and against our Pacific possessions; and, as a great
nation, it is time we should consider how our mili-
tary defenses shall be placed upon such a basis
as will enable us to maintain our position and
power; and hence it is that I say, m a military
point of view, and for these commercial and postal
considerations, it is a matter of imperative neces-
sity that a Pacific railroad should be built for the
purpose of enablingus to transportourmen, arms,
and munitions of war; our people, treasure, and
mails, with safety and certainty, in time of peace
and in time of war. /
I will not, on this occasion, further urge the
importance of the establishment of a Pacific rail-
road, hoping that this House is prepared and de-
termined to take the responsibility, on this occa-
sion, of carrying out some measure to initiate the
great work that must, at the least, require years
to accomplish. And if any doubt if it be neces-
sary now, at this day, to have a Pacific railroad,
certainly before the work will be completed that
necessity will become so apparent that no man
cart doubt. Any man who will study the subject,
will see that it is not likely to be accomplished in
less than ten years; and before another decade
shall roll over us, if our country progresses as it
has done for the last ten years, it is hard to tell
what will be the population or wealth of the States
now growing up on the Pacific coast.
Supposing, therefore,that Congress isready to
take up this subject in fairness, and willing to do
justice to it by a full consideration,the next question
is, where the route ofsucharoad should be located.
Some gentlemen will say that we should furnish
the means, and leave it to those who are to build
the road to designate the route. Sir, it is need-
less to talk about inducing capital to take hold of
anything that is not defined; that has no location.
Men are not going to hunt such investments over
such a vast field, and especially in relation to
building a railroad of two thousand miles. The
Congress of the United States must give some
definite location before parties representing cap-
ital will take hold of the enterprise.
Another reason why you must give some loca-
tion to this matter is, that it is not only a ques-
tion of vast importance to the whole country that
there should be a road built, but it is important
that it should be built in a proper and safe loca-
tion, where it will subserve the purposes to which
I have referred, and not be exposed in time of
war; and it should, as far as possible, be where
it will be most accessible and convenient for all
sections of the country. If a communication of
that sort is to be established, it should be so ar-
ranged as to do the greatest good to the greatest
number. It should have a geographical position
on the continent that, as far as practicable, would
give every section of the country the benefit of
the communication. For these reasons the com-
mittee that have been in session on the subject
have taken this matter especially into considera-
tion: first, whether there should be three roads;
second, whether there shall be two roads; and
finally, whether they would report but one. Af-
ter fully and fairly considering the subject, they
decided to report to the House in favor of but
one road. Having come to that point, the next
question was to decide on the location of the road;
and in order best to meet the wants of all portions
of the country, they decided that it must occupy
a central position. But for the purpose of rec-
onciling what seemed to be an objection on the
