1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
contracting office had suggested the probability
of curtailment', said openly to him* that he defied
the Department; that the Department had not the
power to curtail; and that he would appeal to
Congress. That is the condition in which you
will place your service by this mischievous legis-
lation. And how is it attempted? Not by ap-
propriation; not in connection with appropria-
tion. This bill relates to the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year 1800, which is about
expiring. You make no appropriation to carry
into effect the purpose which you propose in this
amendment; but you introduce a new and sub-
stantive thing, not connected with your appro-
priations and mandatory on the Department, and
consisting simply of a judgment on the past action
of the Department and reviewing and setting it
aside, and under circumstances most mischievous
to the public interests.
Mr. POLK. Mr. President, until last night I
had uniformly voted to sustain the amendment
of the Senate, and against the amendment offered
by the House of Representatives. Last night I
voted for acceding to the House proposition. I
did it because I was anxious to save this bill. But
under the hope—and I have some ground to hope
it—that if we can have another committee of con-
ference there may be a compromise had between
the two Houses on this bill, which I am very
anxious to pass, I shall vote to-day for thu recon-
sideration, and then I shall vote against acceding
to the amendment made by the House, with the
view of having another committee of conference,
with the expectation, and certainly in the strong
hope, that that may result in a compromise which
will secure the passage of this bill; and if it fails,
I shall feel that I have done all I could towards
accomplishing its ultimate passage.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely wish to say to the Son-
ata that I think the action of the House, after the
last committee of conference, gives reason to hope
that the wish of the Senator from Missouri may
be acceded to. After the last committee of con-
ference had separated, disagreeing, each commit-
tee adhering to the position of the House it rep-
resented, the House of Representatives amended
the bill and sent it to the Senate; thus indicating,
I think, a temper on the part of the House to con-
ciliate, as far as might be, with the Senate, and
thus finally enact the bill. I thought, therefore,
there was hope, when the bill came in amended
from the House, that we might finally concur;
and hence I made a suggestion for another com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. WADE, I feel it my duty to say that I
have been informed by members of the House
that if it goes back there, there is no hope that
that body will change its position. I say this be-
cause I perceive that some Senators on the other
side have an idea that the House of Represent-
atives will recede. I am informed that that is
not so.
Mr. MASON. 1 am sure the Senator did not
give that information with any idea of affecting
the action of the Senate.
Mr. "VVADE. Not at all; buton the other side
there were speculations as to what the House
would do, and, in response, I stated what was
said to me.
Mr. DAVIS. I had no information about it;
and I only said, from what had actually taken
place, what we might anticipate the action to be
m the future. I do not canvass Houses.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
agreed to the amendment of the House.
Mr. POLK called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 21, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—M^srs. Bia?g, Brown, Chesnut, Crittenden,
Davi-j, Fitch,Fitzpatiiok, Gvvm, Hunter, I versnn, Johnson
of Tennessee, Latham, Malloiy, Mason, Pearce, Polk,
Powell, Vu h, Rice, Wigfall, and Yulee—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, DoolittJe.
Feswnden, Foot, Fo.-ter,Gicen, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond,
Harlan, Hemphill, King, Sumner, Ten £yck, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilr-on—19.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred upon concurring in the
House amendment.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the House
amendment, by striking out all after the word
" ihat,'' where it fust occurs, and inserting:
All laws by winch any person or peisons are authorized
:o send or receive any mailable matter free of postage bo,
• rxi tlu; t-ame are hereby, repealed . Provided, That nothing
in this section shall be construed so as to affect the exist-
ing laws relating to the exchange of newspapers:  &nd pro-
vided jmthcr, That the provisions of this section shall not
apply to any person or peisons to whom the franking priv-
ilege may have b<jen granted by name.
And be it farther enacted, That the preceding section of
this act shall take effect Irom and after the 1st day of Au-
gust, 1860,
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire simply to remark
that those gentlemen who are in favor of restor-
ing the mail service now see the position they are
in. That you cannot pass this bill, unless you
concur with the House, is most manifest. The
object is to destroy it. It is well known what
the House will do with an amendment like this,
supposing it to be put on. We sent such a prop-
osition in the early part of the session  
Mr. MALLORY. I call the Senator from Illi-
nois to order. That is not the way to pass a bill
in this body. The Senator has no right to refer
to the action of the other House on a bill which
we passed here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a right to say any-
thing which I have said. We shall have the
question of order decided; and I ask the Senator
to put down the words I have used which are out
of order.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall put down the words
only at the dictation of the Chair, not of the Sen-
ator. I called the Senator to order because he
was telling us what the other House would do;
and I say the Senator has no right to pass bills
in that way, under the pressure of tellingus what
the House will do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has not put
down the words which he says I used that were
out of order. I have not said what the House
would do. I said we had no right to suppose the
House would do this, when we sent them a bill
abolishing the franking privilege early in the ses-
sion, and we know what the action has been. If
the Senator desires to make the point of order on
me, let him make it in pmliamentary form, or else
let him abstain from making it.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall make the point on
the Senator whenever I please, and if it does not
suit him, he can take the consequence. I raise
the question of order now. This is the first time
since I have been in the Senate—and I was here
before the Senator from Illinois—that ever a de-
mand has been made to place a question of order
in writing. I have made the question of order,
and 1 simply submit it to the Chair in the shortest
time possible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist that the Senator
has made no question of order which the Chair
can decide; and I insist that he shall put his ques-
tion of order in writing. I want to know what I
have said that is out of order, if the Senator from
Florida makes his point. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The recollec-
tion of the Chair is, that, under the rules, words
objected to as out of order, must be put in writ-
ing before the Chair can pronounce upon them;
but, according to the recollection of the Chair, it
has not been the practice of the Senate, though
such is the rule.
Mr. MASON. If the question of order is per-
sisted in, of course the rule requires it to be put
in writing; but it is the usual practice of the Sen-
ate, never broken that I know of, when a ques-
tion of order is submitted to the Chair, to permit
it to be made verbally. If it is insisted on, it
must be put m writing, of course.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall not insist upon it.
1 do not think it worth while to put it in writing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the question of order
is withdrawn, I shall not take long. I have fin-
ished all I desire to say except simply to remind i
those Senators who are in favor of passing the j
Post Office deficiency bill and who arc in favor of j
the restoration of a portion of the service as pro- j
vided by the House amendment, that we shall j
not accomplish the object unless we agree with j
the House. I have been informed—I do not know
whether it is true or not—that there is a bare quo-
rum, if indeed there be a quorum, of the House
in attendance. There is very little probability
that the bill will become a law if we disagree to
their amendment. I think it involves the whole
question. 1 desire the Senator from Ohio to be
informed that we had no less than four commit-
tees of conference, I think, on this very propo-
sition; and why we should expect that another
committee will accomplish anything, I do not
know. Why the Senator from Missouri should
suppose that a fifth committee will accomplish
more than the four previous committees have
done, I do not know.
Mr. PUGH. I answer the Senator from Illi-
nois that I have known more than fourcomrxjit-
tees of conference upon a bill since I h,ave been ixx
the Senate, and a report brought in and agreed to
within five minutes of the adjournment. If the
Senator from Kentucky will withdraw his amend-
ment, which is incongruous to the subjectjand let
us take a vote, instead of wasting an hour, i be-
lieve this bill can yet be perfected.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Virginia will
allow me, I will move to rescind the order requir-
ing a recess to be taken.
Mr. MASON. That can be done presently.
I was about to pay that I think these references
on either side to what the other House will do or
will not do, or to what it has done or has refrained
from doing, are not only, as all know, a breach
of parliamentary law ana of courtesy between the
two Houses, but lead to dissension and strife. It
is a breach of parliamentary law to refer at all to
the probable action of the other House in any
form whatever, and can lead to no good. As to
this particular matter, I do not know the condi-
tion of the other House. I have heard a thousand
lumors; but I really know nothing about it. I
do know, however, what the duty of the Senate
is, and that is to attend to this measure as one be-
fore them, without any regard to what may be
transacted elsewhere; and Fhopeit will be enter-
tained in that light alone. I have my own views
upon it, and shall carry them out. If it results in
defeating the bill, so much tjie better, in my judg-
ment, no matter in what way that is brought
about. We defeated one Post Office bill at the
last session. I was a party to it, and was glad
that I had an opportunity of interposing myself
in that way to bring the public attention to the
condition of the postal service and of what was
pressed upon it; and if this bill is defeated, so
much the better. Ten thousand times better, in
my judgment, that you should defeat the bill than
that this amendment should take place, which
puts back the repudiated service. The Senator
from Mississippi stated that his object in asking
the floor was to move that we should dispense
with the recess. I will make that motion for him,
I move that the order requiring a recess to be taken
be suspended.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can
entertain the motion only by unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the consid-
eration of the present question, in order that I
may offer a motion to rescind the order for a re-
cess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Upon that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate postpone the con-
sideration of the subject before them for the pur-
pose of taking up another question.
Mr. DAVIS. For the purpose merely of mak-
ing a motion to rescind the order for a recess.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask the Senator if
he will attain his object in the mode he proposes?
I am distinct in my recollection that, when the
order was submitted for a recess, the Vice Presi-
dent, then in the chair, ruled that he could not
entertain the motion that day, because it was in
the nature of a resolution, and all resolutions must
lie over one day for consideration.
Mr. IVERSON. There is already on the table
a resolution offered by the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Fitch,] some days ago, to rescind the older
for a recess. That resolution can be taken up
and acted on.
Mr. HAMLIN. If there is a resolution before
the Senate that has been on the table more than
one day, the Senator will attain his object by con-
sidering that, and I shall not object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICE&. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Mississippi.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Chesnut, Crittenden, Davis,
