1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
It is now proposed that we shall reflate the
posscno-cr-carryingcapacity of a steamship by her
tonnage. We arc, therefore, compelled to exam-
ine the rule for tonnage- measurement as it now
exists, and ascertain whether it is oris not a just
and proper standard of the proposed regulation.
Now, the change in the law which this bill pro-
poses will not essentially injure the European
passenger-carrying trade by American steam-
ships, because the great "bulk of that trade has
already passed into the hands of England. The
portion remaining to us is almost too inconsider-
able to be noticed. Perhaps it may be deemed
unworthy of carfe. The experiment of the com-
petition of American steamships with those of
England in the Atlantic trade has been tested and
determined against us. It would seem that this
field of American enterprise must of necessity be
abandoned. An American steamship cannot live
in the Atlantic trade against the superior advant-
ages which the subjects of the Queen of England
enjoy. The Parliament of Great Britain protects
her navigation interests. There would seem to
be those who would establish a policy to embar-
rass or destroy our own. England grants a sub-
sidy of $16,250 a voyage to her mail steamers
employed in the trade with the United States.
The lower price of iron, the lesser rate of interest,
and the reduced rate of wa^es of the persons em-
ployed on board steamships, arc advantages in
f.ivor of the British carrier, which the American
citizen, whatever may be his enterprise, and
whatever may be his capital, can hardly lionc
successfully to overcome. It would appear to be
settled that iron steamships built in England and
Scotland are to command the carrying trade of the
Atlantic ocean.
t do not think that the burdens and restrictions
now proposed to be placed unon our navigation
interests can do us essential harm in that trade.
Wo have lost it. You may, perhaps, by means
of the provisions of this lull, drive oil* from the
Atlantic some of the few American steamers yet
remaining in that trade. You may,perhaps, force
our ship-owners to take shelter under the British
or the French flag; but you can hardly injure
what is so well nigh destioyeil.
it is a most remarkable, feature of this bill, that it
is as conservative of foreign navigation interests us
it seems reckless of our own. Stringent and uni-
versal as is this bill in its application to American
steamships, all foreign steamers are exempt from
its operation. The twenty-eighth section of the
bill expressly provides that the act shall not be
construed to apply to vessels of other coimhu's.
How mn^nammous ! llow liberal! England ex-
tends Iht pasM n^er laws to our ships, (other than
steamers carrying the United States* mails.) f(
is proposed by this bill that her ships, sMeam and
sail, shall all be exempt from its requirements.
Now, what is the practical effect of the exemp-
tion of iorrt^n vessels provided for by the twenty-
eighth section ?
An English steamer and an American steamer
are to sail irom the port of New York on a given
day, for the same port in Great Britain. Each is
a mul-c.inier of the country of its Hag. The
American steamer restricted as to the number
of poNdengera she, may carry by the tonnage lim-
itation of this hill. The English steamer is free
from the restriction.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. She is gov-
erned by the law of Great Britain.
Mr. OLA RK, of New York. It is true that she
is go\< rned !>y the law of Great Britain, but that
law <i->e.s not re&liict her passenger-carrying privi-
lege to her tonnage measurement. I will under-
take to .satisfy the gentleman that he is in error on
this point,and that,should his hill become a jaw,
there will have been established by the American
Congress a discrimination, in our own ports, m
favor of the English steamer and against the Amer-
ican stumer. Now what is the law of England
a., to the number of passengers which may be ear-
i u-d from a foreign port to her shores in a steamer
under the Bruibhllag? The twenty-eighth section
of Uns bill clearly exempts the English steamer
from its provisions. The honorable gentleman
says that the English steamer is governed by the
law of Gn.at Britain. The examination of the
act of Parliament satisfies ine that an English
steamer carrying the mollis exempt from the pro-
visions <>t her oxnx passenger act. I do not find in
the act any tonnage restriction applicable to Eng-
lish mail steamers, while the fourth section of the
act is in this language:
" IV. This act shall extend to every ' passenger ship' pro-
ceeding on any voyage from the United Kingdom to any
piacc out of Europe, and not being within the Mediterra-
nean sea, and on every colonial voyage as hereinafter de-
scribed, and, in the particulars mentioned or referred to in
sections one hundred, one Hundred and one, and one hun-
dred and two, to every ship bringing passengers into the
United Kingdom from any place out ot Europe and not being
within the Mediterranean sea; but shall not extend to any
of her Majesty's ships of war, nor to any ship% in the ser-
vice of the commissioners for executing the office of Lord
High Admiral of the United Kingdom, nor to any ship of
war or transport in the service oi the East India (Jompany,
nor to any steam vessel regularly employed in the convey-
ance of the public mails under an existing contract with
the Government of the State or colony to which such steam
vos-cl may belong, piovidcd the ma^tei thcicof shall, on
demand, pioduee to the emigration officer at the port of
cleaianee or port of departure a certificate of exemption,
in the foim given in schedule (A) hereto annexed, under
the hand of thoPosJtma>ter General ot the United Kingdom,
or ot .'•oine person deputed by him for the purpose, or m the
ca.se of a colony, under the hand of the Governor thereof,
or in the ca-eoVafoici^n State,undci the hand of the Fost-
ma«ter Genei.il or orher competent Government officer,
whoso signature shall be authenticated by the signature of
a Bnur>h consular ofheer m bueh foieign State."
Thus the British Parliament exempt the British
steamers from the requirements of tne passenger
laws of England, and the Congress of the United
States exempt her from the passenger laws of the
United States. She is well protected between the
two.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose
the gentleman wants a fair understanding of this
matter.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Undoubtedly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. ^ The onlrle-
man refers to the act of Parliament of 1855, which
1 hold in my hand. That act provides that—
" No ship propelled by h.uh ontv :-ha!l c:m\ a gieater
number oi pewum, dm hiding cvei v individual on hoard"'—
The gentleman will see that it does not include
p.i.sM-ngeis only—
c- than in ptopor turn of one .-dilate adult*'—
That is, poisons over fourteen yecrs of age—
"lo every tuo ton-! ot icgiMeied manage.'"
Now, in regard to the registered tonnage. If
the gentleman will refer to another law, lie will
find'that this registeied tonnage excludes the
engine, room, and all the room taken up by the
motive, power.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Under the Eng-
lish law; not under ours.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, And when
that room is excluded, the gentleman will find
that the provisions under the British law aie not
so liberal jii regard to the number of passengers
per ton, as we aie m the present bill.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I think I can
satisfy the gentleman, if he will listen to me, that
the English are more liberal to us than wo are to
ourselves; and that under the bill which the gen-
tleman proposes, there is really a discrimination
in favor of the Biitish steamer against the Amer-
ican steamer in our own ports. It is extraor-
dinary that such a discrimination should be ap-
proved by a gentleman who, as I understand, is
an advocate for specific dimes on iron and lead,
of which .steamship owners arc certainly large
con sumers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
friend from New York explain how that is>
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will explain.
The gentleman from Illinois will concede that the
law of the United States to-day permits every
steamship to carry one passenger for every two
tons. Is thai the law?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is so.
Mr. CLARK, of New Yoilc. It is then con-
ceded to be the iawthata steamer may now carry
not exceeding one passenger for every two tons.
Tins bill pioposes lo increase the tonnage restric-
tion to three and a half tons.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On steam-
going vessels.
I Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am speaking
of steamships only. This provision of your bill
does not apply to sailing vessels. That is one of
the grievances of the case; it constitutes an addi-
tional discrimination in favor of sailing vessels
and against .steamers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We do not
propose that the law shall apply to sailing ves-
sels', because that matter is already piovided for
If the gentleman will listen to me 
Mr. CLARK, of New York; The gentleman
will excuse me. My time is insufficient for the
discussion of even the most objectionable provis-
ions of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
want to take up the gentleman's time; I merely
want to state that the act of 1855—which is to the
honor of a New Yorker, Governor Fish, who, in
spite of the popular clamor of the monopolists
there, came forward and had it passed—provides
that sailing vessels shall be limited to one passen-
ger to every two tons. To that there is no objec-
tion; but Congress went on and applied the same
rule to steam-going vessels, not considering that
from one third to one half of their room is taken
up by motive power. It is in consequence of the
fact that this immense amount of space is taken
up by the machinery of steamers and to carry
their cocS, that it is now proposed to limit them to
one passenger for every tHroe and a half tons.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man answer me one question ? Are not the propri-
etors of ocean steamers authorized, under tne laws
of the United States to-day, before your bill be-
comes a law, to carry one passenger for every two
tons ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They are;
and that is the very thing that this bill proposes
to change.
Mr. CLARK, of Now York. You then pro-
pose, in fixing the proportion at one passenger
for every three and a half tons, to reduce by nearly
one half the carrying capacity of steamers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We propose
to reduce it exactly as this law provides. We pro-
pose that those steamers leaving the port of New
York, which can only properly accommodate three
or four hundred passengeis, shall not pile six,
eight, or ten hundred passengers on board.
Air. CLARK, of New York. ) desire that no
gentleman should vote upon this bill without fully
understanding its practical operations.
M< WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope not.
Mi. CLARK, of New York. By the present
law, steamships can carry one passenger to every
two tons.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thatis true.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Proprietors of
steamships have built them under that law; have
fitted them up under that law; have run them un-
der that law; have invested their capital in them
under that law; and now you propose to change
the law and reduce the earning capacity nearly one
half, without making any compensation. That
is confiscation — utterly indefensible. No Con-
gress ought to perpetrate the wrong; and I think
no Congress will perpetrate it.
While you propose to restrict steamers to the
carriage of one passenger for every three and a
half tons, you do not confine the application of the
restriction to vessels hereafter to bo built. In
some of the provisions of the bill, where changes
in the structure of vessels are compelled, the ap-
plication of the law is restricted to vessels here-
after to be built; but this new tonnage restriction
is made at once applicable to steamships built
during the life-time of existing laws. You seize
hold of steamers built for a particular trade, adapted
to that trade, authorized, at the time tlu-y weie
built, to carry in that trade one passenger for every
two tons, and you take away nearly one half
their carrying and earning capacity, under the
high-sounding pretense of providing for the safety
of human life. I should like to hear one single
argument, entitled to the designation of respect-
able, stated in favor of such a proposition. You
propose to lay the strong hand of Congress upon
this branch of American industry; discriminate
against it m favor of foreign nations; mid, to cap
the climax, take away nearly one half of our prop-
erty for the sake of promoting the comfort, not
securing the safety, of persons who go to sea of
their own accord, and receive just what ihey con-
tract for and just what they pay for. The pro-
prietors of our ocean steamers ask no protection
or encouragement from you. They only ask to
be let alone. I do not know but that they would
even be willing to have specific duties, for your
protection, imposed on the iron, copper, lead,
coal, and cordage which they use. But they ask,
and have the right to ask, that the very same Con-
gress which proposes to protect other branches
of industry shall not make hot haste to destroy
theirs
