2382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hay 24,
Francisco. That is a fair statement of the prob-
lem of a Pacific railroad.
The only way, then, is to start from the railroad
system which now covers as with a net-work the
whole eastern portion of the country, and which
has gradually worked its way west of the Missis-
sippi river, and even now beyond the Missouri,
and then to seek the easiest channel of communi-
cation which will connect with the navigable
waters of the Pacific. A central road is adapted
to thatidoa. We have gone to work and determ-
ined the most salient point of our railroad net-
work. In the vicinity of St. Joseph, or in the
vicinity of Kansas City, railroads now terminate,
or will soon terminate; and in Iowa wc are now
thrusting our railroads forward to the longitude
of ninety-six degrees west. This net-work of
railroad has there extended to that number of lon-
gitude. Look elsewhere on the map, and you will
find no road west of ninety-three degrees which
has eastern connections. Starting from that de-
gree of longitude you have got to extend the line
to the one hundred and twenty-second degree of
longitude; and the measurement of that distance,
as shown by this map, is only eighteen hundred
miles, deducting the navigable waters of the Sac-
ramento viver.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that our railroad system in Texas
extends wr:st to the Colorado river on about the
ninety-sixth parallel of west longitude.
A road is completed from New Orleans to Ber-
wick bay, and charters have been granted from
thattu the city of Houston. And that part of the
road is now being constructed; ami from Houston
the road is built to near the Colorado river, the
point I named on the ninety-sixth parallel.
Mr. CURTIS. Iam glad to see that the Texas
interior roads are extending and filling up that
State; but there is no such thing as a continuous
net-work of roads beyond the ninety-fourth de-
gree of longitude. The gentleman must know
that I refer to the continuous net-work of roads
which unite with the Atlantic ocean, and not to
isolated portions which simply connect one point
with another within a State.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to call the attention of
the gentleman from Iowa to the fact, that through
the Iron Mountain and Cairo and Pulton rail-
roads, now in process of construction, there is a
continuous line from the city of St. Louis to Ful-
ton, connecting with the Texas line on the north-
eastern part of Texas, which will be constructed
without expense if that line should be adopted.
Mr. CURTIS. I am familiar with the road
which the gentleman speaks of; but it is, unfortu-
nately, far short of reaching the ninety-sixth de-
gree of longitude.
Mr. NOELL. It will connect with the Texas
road.
Mr. CURTIS. We have all got roads which
are going to Texas and to California when we are
able to get them there; but I refer to a net-work
of roads which are actually constructed, and there
is a great difference between proposed roads and
roads already made.
Now I say that, commencing at the salient point
of this great net-work, the distance to the navi-
gable waters of the Sacramcnto river, which is a
substantial connection with California, is only
eighteen hundred miles by railroad surveys, and
that will be the length of road required. That is
a very small matter if you recollect that in the
United States there are already thirty thousand
miles of railroad constructed without the aid of
this great national Government; a small matter,
when you recollect that the State of Illinois alone
has made two thousand miles of railroad in about
two yeais; a small matter, when you consider that
you arc a country of thirty-three States, and thirty
million people, capable of raising any amount of
revenue, from one hundred to two hundred million
dollars, without sensibly changing your tariff, and
without feeling the effect of it. If you take the
extreme estimate of cost, it does not exceed
§200,000,000—an amount which would be repre-
sented by only two years'revenue of this country.
Why will gentlemen hesitate to take hold of the
matter, and secure the construction of two thou-
sand miles of road, and thus complete railroad con-
nections with the Pacific, and open a direct trade
with Asia ?
But I would not have gentlemen suppose that .
I have fallen into the error of underrating the !
difficulties of the construction of this road through
mostly an unsettled, and, in part, barren country..
The fact that the road runs through such a coun-
try, requires that you should adopt a different
mode of construction from that which would bo
adopted ill a settled country.
I will not here enter into the labor of showing
the comparative length of the other proposed lines;
for in the report of the committee you will find a
full statement in reference to that matter. I have
shown in that report that the central line is two
hundred and eighty miles shorter than any other
line. That is one reason why the committee
thought it best to adopt this central route; and
another is, that on this end you can connect both
with the North and the South, and at the other
end with California, Oregon, and with Washing-
tonTerritory,thereby accommodating all sections
of the country, or going far enough to make ac-
cess for other portions comparatively an easy
matter.
Neither can I elaborate the arguments in favor
of the central route. I wish gentlemen to read
the report of the committee on that subject; it
states them more carefully and fctlly than I can
do on this occasion.
Now, a few words in regard to the manner of
accomplishing this work. The committee have
sought to adopt a plan by which the Government
will do just as much as is necessary, and no more,
to secure the employment of capitalists to con-
struct this great national line of improvement. It
is obvious to any one that no private enterprise
will take hold of a work of such magnitude, with-
out some demonstration on the part of the Gov-
ernment to lend aid and assistance to the enter-
prise. It is universally conceded, and has been
so presented by the President of the United States,
that the Government must in some way, directly
or indirectly, aid in the construction of the Pacific
railroad.
How, then, shall the Government do it? That
question has been fully considered in the commit-
tee. We have had some twenty or thirty differ-
ent plans before us. Indeed, one of the greatest
difficulties wo have to contend with is the earnest
anxiety of every mail in the House, and in the
country, to piesentplans which they believe to be
the very best and only plan by which the work
can be carried out. The greatest obstacle to the
building of the road is the multiplication of plans
and propositions. I have been for twenty years
refuting vague and immature inventions of this
kind. Your committee has well considered a great
many different plans, and have come to the conclu-
sion that a bill proposing to give a certain amount
of bonds, in reality loaning the credit of the Gov-
ernmentof theUmted States, for thirty year's, will
be sufficient to secure the construction of the Pa-
cific railroad.
The bill which the committee has reported is
predicated on that hypothesis—that on the con-
struction of every fifty miles of road the Govern-
ment will give a certain amount of five per cent,
bonds, payable in thirty years; such bonds to be
reimbursed by the company in service to the
Government. These bonds arc to be secured to
the Government, and are to be, in fact, a first
mortgage on every mile of the road. The Gov-
ernment, however, is only to be reimbursed in
service, that is, mail service, and in the trans-
portation of military stores and in the transpor-
tation of your troops; so that a company will
understand how and when they have got to pay
their bonds and the interest on them. Let me
say to the House that, if they will study the sub-
ject, they will find that the present expenditures
of the Government for mail service to the Pacific,
and for military transportation to California and
in that direction, and its expenses in connection
with the Indian tribes, these sums are sufficient
to pay the interest 011 a considerably larger sum
than is necessary for the purpose proposed. We
propose that the Government shall give bonds to
the amount of $60,000,000. The road is estimated
to cost §120,000,000. I believe that this Govern-
ment aid of §60,000.000 will induce capitalists to
come in and supply the other $60,000,000, so that
the enterprise may be carried out. For the proof
of this, and the details of the calculation, I invite
a careful examination of the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. STOUT. Mr. Speaker, although I served
011 the special committee, assisted in making the
report, and signed the majority report, I do not
design detaining the House by making a speech.
The gentleman from Washington Territory [Mr.
Stevens] is familiar with the character of the
country through which these routes pass, from
his observation of it; arid whatever it may be ne-
cessary to say in regard to our local affairs and
local interests in Oregon and Washington, so far
as this particular measure is concerned, I desire
to leave the matter with him, as he intends speak-
ing upon the bill. I wish, however, in justifica-
tion of the course which I have taken in sustain-
ing the report and indorsing the bill fixing the
central route, to say that, in the committee, I used
all my efforts to secure either a northern route—
the one surveyed, and known commonly as the
Stevens route—or to secure a branch from the
central route, leading from Great Salt Lake City
to the navigable waters of Columbia river or Puget
Sound. I urged, in the committee, with what
ability I possessed, a measure of that kind; and I
was willing, if I could succeed in fretting the favor-
able action of the committee on it, to concede to
^the southern portion of the country their south-
ern route, or the three routes, or the middle and
northern routes. I found, however, that it was
impossible to get the majority of the committee
to agree on any measure that would give us the
northern route; and I therefore, as a concession,
went for the central route; and 1 became satisfied
that the only practicable way of getting a railroad
to the Pacific was to agree on some one route, and
then devote all our energies and means to the es-
tablishment of that line. Consequently, while the
proposed route does not terminatein my own State,
or in the Territory of Washington, I gave my in-
dorsement to the report, and shall give the bill my
support. I do so for the reason,as I stated, that
I believe that this is the only practicable way of
getting a road to the Pacific coast.
I call the attention of the House, however, to
this fact, that the Territory of Washington and
the State of Oregon present an extent of sea-coast
about equal to that of California, and the term-
inus of the road, as proposed by the committee
is far south of the center of the great sea-coast on
the Pacific, which you propose to protect. But,
notwithstanding all this, so anxious was I, and.
so anxious are the people whom I represent, that
a communication with the Pacific should be open
across the country, that I was willing to allow
the road to terminate as far south as San Fran-
cisco, if they only take the road through thatsec-
tion of the country in the vicinity of Great Salt
Lake City, so that perhaps in future, when our
interests will more imperatively demand it, we
can establish a branch road from it to the navi-
gable waters of the Columbia river.
I state this in justice to myself and in explana-
tion of the reasons why I saw fit to support the
report of the majority of the committee 111 favor
of a central route, which does not go to that por-
tion of the country which I have the honor of
representing here. I have actcd with a sincere
desire to do something practicable for a Pacific
railroad, and have conceded, whenever I believed
it my duty to do so, for the purpose of promoting
harmony among the friends of the bill. I trust
that my friends from the South who favor this
measure will be willing to make the same sacri-
fices. If they do, we will have a road; but if
each man wants it to run to his own door, we
will fail entirely.
So far as our local interests arc concerned, so
far as our resources are concerned, I am willing,
as I said before, to leave all that to my friendfrom
Washington Territory, who is familiar with the
subject, and %vho will be prepared, when the oc-
casion presents itself, to lay these matters before
the House.
Mr. CURTIS. That is in the true spirit of
conciliation. If we ever get a railroad to the Pa-
cific, it must be by some concessions. I know
that the great net-work of railroads will ultimately
extend there; but when you come to the one hun-
dredth degree of longitude, you come to a coun-
try that will not support a dense population; and
private enterprise must, therefore, have aid from
Government. Without a compromise of local
interests, wc cannot, for a great number of years,
secure the measure which is essentially necessary
to the whole country, and especially to the Pa-
cific coast.
I was going on to say that we propose to place
