TMfi GONGRESglQKAL GLOBE.
January 7.
Mr. RUST. What is th& gentleman's recol-
lection of what ho did say? What is the lan-
guage the gentleman employed? How will it be
printed ? ,
Mr. STOKES. The gentleman has no right
to ask alibut <rhat 1 am going to have printed;
whether what Sentiments I may give expression
to Shall be written by A, B, C-, or D.
Mr. RUST. Did not some member of the gen-
tleman's party prompt him to make the correc-
tion or amendment of his sentiment as before
expressed ?
Mr. STOKES. I have not been prompted to
express any sentiment which I do not entertain.
Mr. RUST. I understand that the gentleman
will not resist the election of Fred Douglass—I
will call him Mr. Fred Douglass, out of respect,
for gentlemen of the other side; the gentleman, I
understand, will not resist the election of Mr.
Fred Douglass to the Presidency of the United
States.
Mr. STOKES. The gentleman knows that a
negro never can be elected to that position, for
under the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States a negro cannot be even a citizen.
Mr. RUST. Docs not the gentl oman know
that one of the first things proposed to be done by
the Republican party when they got into power
is to reform that court so that the Constitution
and the laws shall be interpreted in obedicnce to
the dictates of the leading demagogues of that
party ?
Mr. STOKES. I do not know that fact. It is
apparent, sir, that whenever one of this little band
of Whigs and Americans begins to bring before
the country the facts—to hold up these things
precisely as they took place—ho is interrupted
and catechised. I say that I am a Union man;
that I am for the Union first, last, and all the
time.
Mr. GARTRELL took the floor.
Mr. STOKES. 1 do not yield any further. I
have never attempted myself, to interrupt any
member who had the floor by putting any ques-
tion to him. I will nevef interrupt any "gentle-
man, but I will take notes upon Inn speech, and
reply to him after he has concluded.
JNow, Mr. Clerk, I have said thnt the Demo-
cratic party have had, on two occasions, ati op-
portunity to elect Mr. Gilmf.r, of North Caro-
lina, Speaker of this House. They can have an
opportunity again. But the gentleman from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Rust] has stated that some gentle-
men on that side would, if they had voted for
Mr. Gilmkr, been justified in withdrawing from
him if some members from the North of the oppo-
site party, had supported him. That is what I
hove been trying to get at. Is that the objection
to him? If it ix 1 regard it as the most frivolous
of all objections: that they will not support him
because some gentlemen of the Republican party,
willing to organize the House, have voted for him.
Now, I submit, gentlemen upon the Demo-
cratic side of the House, if Mr. Bocock was to-
day to be putin nomination by them, and twenty-
three Americans should vote for him, and ten or
fifteen Republicans 
Mr. RUST. Does the gentleman wish me to
answer the question?
Mr. STOKES. Not now. If Mr. Bocock
were renominated to-day, and should he receive
twenty-three votes from the South Americans and
the votes of the People's party of Pennsylvania
—yes, I will go further, were he to receive the
voles of ten or fifteen Republicans, they declaring
at the same time m their place that they were sat-
isfied that John Siif.iima.v would not be elected;
that th^y desired an organization; that they make
no surrender and no concession; that they vote
for Mr. Bocock under a solemn protest that they
did it for the good of the country; under such cir-
cumstances, I ask. would Mr. Bocock take the
chair? or would Democrats commence rising in
their places and ask the Clerk to change their
voies r Would they do it ? If there is any man
upon this floor who would change his vote from
Mr. Bocock, then 1 would like to know who he is.
Mr. HINDMAN. I would.
Mr. RUST. I can tell the gentleman some-
thing.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I beg leave to re-
mind the gentleman that just such a case occurred
ten years ago about this day, when Mr. Giddings
and others, who had held the House some time
in suspense, as we have been held now, were found
voting for a Democrat. Afterwards it was ascer-
tained that there was a corrupt bargain between
the Democrat they voted for and them, in refer-
ence tefeunstitutmgthc committees of this House.
And ihThc case put by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, of Republicans voting here for Mr. Bocock,
as they did with Americans for Mr. Gilmer, I
should regard such an extraordinary thing a's, at
least, very suspicious, and would not, without
hesitation or inquiry as to what it meant, vote for
lum or any other Democrat.
Mr. STOKES. The gentleman says he would
not vote for Mr. Bocock. Now, sir, I ask other
gentlemen upon this side of the House if they
would, under such circumstances, refuse to vote
for Mr. Bocock?
Mr. DAVIDSON. Your own question I will
answer, but to the one you are prompted to make
I will not. I say to you, in my place, that I have
every respect for the character of Mr. Bocock;
but if fourteen of the men who recommended the
Helper book, and undertook to circulate it, were
to vote for lum, it would be such an evidence
against Mr. Bocock, and so taint him, in my
opinion, that I would not vote for him; and, if I
had voted for him, I would change my vote.
Mr. "LAMAR. In my opinion, the fact of ten
Republicans voting for Mr. Bocock would not
j affect Mr. Bococn's principles; and, therefore, I
l would continue to vote for him; and for the reason
| that 1 think Mr. Bocock is nearer to me than
| he would be to the Republicans who might vote
j for him. Under the same circumstances, without
1 disrespect to any party—and I beg everybody's
paidon—I would not vote for Mr. Gilmhii.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Very com-
plimentary to the South Americans!
Mr. LAMAR.. I wish it distinctly understood
that the reason why I would not vote for Mr.
| Gilmer, is th« reason which, m my opinion,
j prompted those gentlemen to vote for him; in
■ other words, I believe Mr. Gilmer is nearer to
I those gentlemen of the Republican party, who
j voted for him, than he is to me.
! Mr. MILLION. A single word.
; Mr. STOKES. Yes, sir; if the gentleman
I wishes to answer whether he would vote for Air.
| Mr. MTLLSON. 1 would; and 1 say further
i that the expressions which have been made here
I by sonu gentlemen upon this side of the House
| may, perhaps, be subject to an interpretation
! which I do not behove those gentlemen designed.
! bn0r myself, 1 say, from my knowledge of Mr.
! Bocock, that 1 would not draw any inference
! prejudicial to bin honor and integrity, even if I
| had the direct testimony, questionable a^ it might
I be, of such as would dare to impeach him.
ij Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to say a word in an-
!' swer to the question propounded by my colleague.
! Mr. GROW. 1 ask the Clerk to request gen-
i (lemon to be seated, in order that we may hear
1 what is going on. It is impossible, while mem*
| bers are standing all around, for gentlemen in this
| part of the Hall to hear.
j Order being restored and members seated,
| Mr. WRIGHT (resuming) said: I suppose my
1 honorable colleague has seen some resolutions
| which were passed recently by the Legislature of
i the State which he and I have the honor to rep-
j resent, in part. I suppose my colleague knows,
! if he has paid due attention to those resolutions,
| that one of them is as follows:
I '• Resolved, That it is the da1;.' of oiu Repu sontatives in
I'omne^ to loeosrmzc a*s enemies to the rmon.and e*,po-
i i rally to the >Uu e State =, all who m nnv wny uvea or atril-
: late with tins sectional Ul:u:!v Republican puity; and that
! any :>cti<m on their p.nt which (avoi-' a cu .pc'tanon with
' the Black Republican-* in organi/aim the Hue-' , and thus
| placing the otiieer*. and important emrmiitfe.N of' that body
! under their control, would he tah-e. n> tli-"" hentunent of the
i people of 'lYnne^ec, an in-ailt to then* constituents, and
j dis-^iaeetul to thcn)sciv<\- .'M
! That, sir, is the language of the resolution passed
j by the Legislature of that gallant State which my
i colleague, in part, represents.
j Mr. STOKES. Will you answer my question,
j if you please?
Mr. WRIGHT. I will answer it, and I de-
clare, in response to that resolution, everv word
of which I most fully indorse, that it would be
affiliation with this sectional Black Republican
party to assist them in electing any man upon
this floor as Speaker, whether he comes from the
North, or whether he comes from the South. Sir,
that is the reason why I did not, and why I never
will, affiliate with that party, with the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr.Stevens,] adistin-
gnished member of the Black Republican party, at
their head. I will not affiliate with them, because
I desire to respond to the resolutions of our con-
stituents, and I believe them to be just and proper.
That is why I did' not do it, and will not do it
under any circumstances.
Mr. STOKES. I ask my colleague from Ten-
nessee this question: Suppose that eight, or ten,
or twelve, or more of the gentlemen upon the Re-
publican side of the House come over and vote
for Mr. Bocock for Speaker, would you abandon
him ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I will reply to my colleague.
Mr. STOKES. I want an answer.
Mr. WRIGHT. In the first place, I suppose
such a thing to be impossible, and never will hap-
pen.
Mr. STOKES. Ah!
Mr. WRIGHT. I will answer my colleague.
Should any considerable number of Black Repub-
licans, by voting for Mr. Bocock as they did for
Mr. Gilmer, and thus indicate that of all the
Democratic members here he is least objection-
able and more acceptable to them, and then de-
clare, as some of them have done in the case of
Mr. Gilmer, that they vote for him because they
approve his record, I say, sir, that I would con- 
stder it my duty as the Representative of a south-
ern constituency, and carrying out the spirit of
the resolution just read, to withdraw my support
from Mr. Bocock and give it to some other per-
son.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee allow me a single moment?
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to respond to the
question of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. STOKES. I should like you to respond
"•yes" or "no."
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentlemen from Ten-
nessee yield to me for a single moment?
Mr. STOKES. Docs the gentleman from South
Carolina desire to answer mv question ?
Mr. KEITT. Yes, I desire to answer it, but
in my own way, and I do not think you will ob-
ject to it.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the question 
Mr. KEITT. Yes, and I will answer it fairly.
Mr. STOKES. I ask the question in this way,
and 1 want it answered directly.
Mr. KEITT. Yes, I will answer it directly.
Mr. STOKES. If five, ten, twelve or fifteen
votes wen; needed, added to the American votes,
to elect Mr. Bocock as Speaker of this House,
mid Republicans were to cast those votes, would
the gentleman gi\ e Mr. Bocock his vote, or would
he abandon him ?
Mr. KEITT. I answer the gentleman that I
would not.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. KEITT. No—stop. I just want to say
one word, because I am answering you fairly. I
would, with the gentleman from Mississippi, hold
that Mr. Bocock, in his principles and m his in-
tegrity, was utterly untouched by any votes that
he might receive from the other side of the House.
I do not pretend to say that Mr. Gilmer was af-
fectcd in the slightest degree by any vote which
he got from the other side, but 1 want to institute
this distinction between the two in their party re-
lations alone. The Dcmociats would not change
their v.ites from Mr. Bocock, but they might not
go to Mr. Gilmer, and consistently. We might
say: Gentlemen, we are fighting a common en-
ernv—those whom we believe are false to the Con-
stitution and aggressive upon our rights; with
them we hold no terms and no parley; with you
we "So; you and we can settle this matter; we
will not let the Republicans settle it for us; they
shall not select from you the man whom we shall
support when we go over to you; wc will select
for ourselves; we would not ask you to let them
select from our side the man that you shall sup-
port; we ask you to select one of our number
yourselves, and we will select one of yours, and
not let the Republicans do it for us. [Cries of
44That is right! " from the Democratic benches.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man allow me ?
Mr. STOKES. I prefer to go on until I get
through.
