1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ism
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him whether there is no
restriction as to the number of passengers carried
by the English mail steamers to New'York?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Not by tonnage.
There may he by space.
• Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I notice that
the Persia does not carry a greater number of pas-
sengers than the Vanderbilt.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. In that trade I
think all the ships can carryall that apply. This
thirteenth section of the bill does not operate op-
pressively on such ships as the Persia and the
Vanderbilt. It would still permit such large ships
to carry all Atlantic voyagers ordinarily offering.
It is a smaller class of steamers that it strikes—
those of from one thousand to eighteen hundred
tons. When honorable gentlemen say that they
are in favor of the people against the monopolists,
I feel that I can assure them that such measures
as this do not aid the people. They may discour-
age the capitalist; but it is very difficult even by a
scheme as palpably unjust ana oppressive as this,
to strike down all the advantages of accumulated
wealth.
Now, I will illustrate the practical effect of this
proposed change in the law upon one particular
passenger-carrying trade—one which has been at
times remunerative, and may be still regarded as
a compensating enterprise to the capital employed
in it; a trade conducted exclusively by American
ocean steamers: I refer to the steamship commu-
nication between our Atlantic and Pacific States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman who has the control of that entire
trade this side of Panama?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I will answer the
gentleman with pleasure. The control of that trade
on the Atlantic side is in the hands of a corpora-
tion created by a law of the State of Now York,
and known as the Atlantic and Pacific Steaijxship
Company. The control of that trade upon the
Pacific occan is in the hands of a corporation also
created by a law of the State of New York, and
known as the Pacific Mail Steamship Company;
and the carrying trade across the Isthmus of Pan-
ama is in the hands of a corporation also created by
the State of New York, and known as the Panama
Railroad Company. The capital embarked in the
entire enterprise exceeds ten million dollars.
Now, this trade is undoubtedly worth preserv-
ing. You may do what you please about the At-
lantic trade; you cannot wound deeply in that
quarter. You may pass a law, if you see fit, pro-
viding that no American citizen shall cross the
Atlantic ocean in an American steamer. I should,
of course, vote against it; but, at the same time,
it would not do much harm. But it would be
unfortunate if your legislation should paralyze
this branch of the coasting trade. That trade is
carried on by steamships of about eighteen hun-
dred tons; and those steamers-, under the laws as
they now exist, (the tonnage allowance being re-
duced by the space requisition of the act of 1855,)
can carry seven hundred and fifty passengers.
The average price of passage from New York to
California is §110, including the Isthmus transit,
the price of which is $25.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will thegen-
tleman be good enough to state what length of
time that average covers ? The price was five or
six hundred dollars a short time ago.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I heard the gentle-
man make that statement in his opening speech in
support of this bill, and designed to suggest to him
to correctit. He has been advocating this measure,
as I am informed, for four or five years; but if he
hod made inquiry upon the subject,he would have
been informed that, for eight years at least, the
price has not bscn as high as he has stated. It is
true that, on the first opening of the California
trade, the price was $700; but competition inter-
vened, and the price fell at once to §300. It has
very frequently fluctuated, but always beiow $300.
Within a year past it has been down to fifty dol-
lars. Yes, sir; these "wealthy monopolists, "of
whom gentlemen speak, have carried passengers
from New York to San Francisco, three thousand
miles, for fifty dollars, and often for forty dollars;
paying, therefrom, twenty-five dollars to the Pan-
ama railroad company; and receiving, of course,
but the remaining fifteen or twenty dollars for the
expense of carrying and boarding the passenger
on the voyage.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. It is well known that during the
last Congress, of which I had the honor to be a
member, I delivered a speech in regard to the bill
introduced by the gentleman from Illinois. Now,
sir, I know full well that in the early history of
my State, as the gentleman alleges, the price of
the passage from New York to San Francisco was
from five to seven hundred dollars. A certain
company, known as the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, which has been recognized and ac-
knowledged as a monopoly m that State, had the
price put at $275 or $300.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. That was in the
cabin, I suppose.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes sir; $300 first class, and §150
in the steerage. Now, I am willing to concede,
that when the Vanderbilt line was placed on, and
came in competition with the Pacific Mail Steam-
ship Company, so long as the competition ex-
isted, the price went down to fifty dollars in the
steerage; in the first class to §100; and m the sec-
ond class to seventy-five dollars. But I wish to
call attention to the fact that the Vanderbilt and
Pacific Mai) Steamship Companies have combined
and consolidated; and though it is true, as the
gentleman says, that the prices are lower than
they were under the PacificMail Steamship Com-
pany, I tell him that they have risen — in the
steerage, from fifty dollars to $100; and in the first
class, from $300 to §200. Now, I do not know
what guarantee he can give me that the present
existing line will not feed upon and prostrate Cal-
ifornia interests, as former ones have done. I
have no confidence in these monopolies.
So far as this matter in regard to carrying one
passenger for every two tons is concerned, the
gentleman confessed in a portion of his remarks,
just now, that they carried as many as they could
Mr. CLARK, of New York. In the European
steamers.
Mr. SCOTT. Well, they carry as many as they
can get in the California steamers, too. I have
crossed the Isthmus of Panama eight times, and
I am willing to certify on my responsibility that
where a vessel of one thousand tons ought to carry
five hundred passengers, it carries from twelve to
fifteen hundred, packing them as sheep and hogs
are carried to market.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Well, they must
do it in violation of law.
Mr. SCOTT. They will violate the law.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Then it is hardly
worth while to legislate further on the subject.
Mr. SCOTT, i do not think it is, so far as the
monopolists in New York are concerned. None
but wealthy men can get to California by these
steamers. We get our population—the popula-
tion we want—from the Northwest; the men who
bring their picks and their shovels, and their wives
and families in wagons.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Before gentlemen
determine to strike at this trade, let them look
at the statistics, and consider the practical opera- I
tion of this proposed change of the law upon the '
earnings of the classes of steamers employed m it.
When it is suggested that any particular branch
of industry shall receive protection, wo always
inquire as to the effect of thedeprivation of the pro-
tection sought upon the particular industry. With j
equal justice, when it is proposed to enact a law I
to reduce the amount of the gross earnings of a '
ship in a particular trade, by reducing her capacity
to carry, we ought to inquire as to the extent of
the injuiy we shall inflict upon the particular
branch of industry which needs to be crippled.
Now, take a steamer of one thousand tons.
Under the law, as it existed when she was built,
and as the law exists to-day, she can carry five
hundred passengers. She is fitted up and appar-
eled to accommodate that number, if in the Cal-
ifornia trade, and a fall complement of passengers
offers, she can earn (at the present average price of
$110) for her round voyage, the sum of §110,000.
Deducting the railroad fare for five hundred pas-
sengers out, and for the same number home, at
$25, there would be left for the ship, as her gross
receipts, the sum of $85,000.
Urider the restriction proposed by the thirteenth
section of this bill, she can carry but two hundred
and eighty-five passengers. She would then have
the capacity to earn, for her round voyage, the
sum of $62,700. Deducting the railroad fare for
her two hundred and eighty-five passengers oiut
and home, there would be left'forthe ship, as her
gross earnings, the sum of §48,450. The abate-
ment in gross'receipts which, would result to that
steamship, from this change in the la.w, woulc
therefore be $38,550 for her round voyage.
Now take a steamer of eighteen hundred tons
Under existing laws, she can carry seven hun-
dred and fifty passengers,her allowance per ton'
nage rule being reduced, as I have already stated-,
by the space requisition of the act of 1855. If a
full complement shall offer, she can earn, at pres-
ent prices, for her round voyage, $165,000. De-
ducting $37,500, the amount of the railroad fare
of her passengers out and home, there would be
left for the ship, as her gross earnings, the sum
of $127,500.
Under the restriction of the thirteenth section of
this bill, she can carry but five hundred and four-
teen passengers, and by the same rule of computa-
tion her gross receipts would be reduced, after
deducting railroad fare, to $87,380;thus making a
difference against her of $40,120 for her round
voyage.
The corporations associated in this trade, and
forming a continuous line to San Francisco, send
from the ports of New York and San Francisco
three steamships per month. Upon each of these
voyages, the proposed change of the law will
work a similar diminution of receipts. The steam-
ships upon the two oceans would, therefore, un-
der this law, be deprived of upwards of a million
dollars per annum. The expenses of the voyages
are not, of course, correspondingly reduced. The
only diminution of expense would be that result-
ing from the provisioning of a less number of pas-
sengers on the voyage. The expenses of the snip,
for coal, wages, &<•„, and the general expenses of
the business, would remain undiminished.
Now, if this mischief is to be done, the inquiry
naturally arises; what particular interest is to be
benefited, and which is to suffer? The scheme
is to help the poor against the rich, is it? Let us
examine this suggestion. I know that it may be
deemed by some the road to popular favor in these
days to clamor against the wealthy; others may
deem it worldly wisdom to speak of the rich as
oppressing the poor. I have no doubt that there
are masses of men who would be willing any Sat-
urday night to divide up the wealth of the com-
munity. But I was surprised to hear in this place
the allusions made by the honorable gentleman
from ! Uinois, [Mr. Washbcrne.] Sir, when the
gentleman shall have secured the passage of a law
which must deeply injure a great branch of trade,
somebody must suffer. Who is it that will sus-
tain the loss? At the rates of passage now estab-
lished, the steamers engaged in the California trade
could not live. Under this law, they could not
pay for the coal they burn, the wages and dis-
bursements, and the provisions which the passen-
gers consume. Who will finally feel this loss?
It will fall upon the traveler. I will say to my
honorable friend, while he is engaged in this cru-
sade in behalf of the people against the " wealthy
monopolists," that the blow may lecoil upon the
people, for the plain, palpable effect must be,
either to drive the American steamers out of the
trade, or compel their owners to Rouble their rates
of passenger fare, and thus my friend from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Scott] may lose a portion of his hon-
ored constituency.
Mr. SCOTT. Upon that subject I desire to
call the gentleman's attention to a letter which I
received from Mr. Augustus Sohell, the collector
of the port of New York, from which it appears
that m two years there sailed from the port of
Now York for California, twenty thousand and
ninety-five passengers; and arrived at that port
from California in the same period of time, seven-
teen thousand one hundred and sixty-one pas-
sengers—making a difference of about three thou-
sand. But when you take into consideration the
number lost by sickness on the Isthmus, and the
number whose destination was South America and
Central America, I believe that the aggregate gain
of population to California, through this medium,
was not five hundred persons in the two years.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Well, sir, 1 was
going on to say that it is proposed to strike still
another blow at the California ocean passenger
carriage trade. It is proposed to take from them
