1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233t
the eastern termini at two points—one opposite
Iowa and one opposite Missouri—not defining the
location. The corporation may go to the southern
extremity of Missouri, or to the northern ex-
tremity of Iowa, to start these branches. We
give, therefore, all the opportunity that can pos-
sibly be given to these two States.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to ask the gentleman
how he is going to start at the extreme southern
portion of Missouri, and connect with a line run-
ning from the boundary of Iowa within two hun-
dred miles of the Missouri river?
Mr. CURTIS. Why, by making the angles
of the two lines very obtuse. That is the way
you obtain two hundred miles within that dis-
tance.
Mr. NOELL. But the bill says, running west-
ward. You cannot do it.
Mr. CURTIS. Yes, westwardly. A reference
to the map shows that it is perfectly plain. [Mr.
Curtis here again referred to themap, andpointed
out the positions of the proposed lines.] It gives
to the States of Missouri and Iowa a perfectly
equal and fair opportunity, as I claim, of having
the main trunk, as it is called. The only advant-
age they have in the northern direction is, that
the surveys show that the Platte valley is a more
convenient and easy plane of ascent towards the
Rocky Mountains; but even that is equally acces-
sible to Iowa and St. Louis. If you take the Kaw
valley, that runs up into the gold mines, and there
you have an argument in favor of that route; and
this bill gives tliem the opportunity of starting and
taking that as the main trunk, just as fully as it
does the Platte valley. The starting points, there-
fore, have been so adjusted in this bill as not to
define exactly where the line shall start. If it were
otherwise, it would at once defeat the bill, be-
cause some individuals on the frontier would not
be sure that they had got the Pacific railroad.
Under the bill, as we have reported it, every man,
woman, and child, on the western frontier, from
the southern extremity of Missouri to the north-
ern extremity of Iowa, can claim, and most of
the towns do claim, that they are exactly 011 the
line of the road proposed in this bill, and there
is no cheating about it. They all arc so situated
they can and will unite with it, and each become,
in some respect, part of the main line. Capital
must determine, within those limits, where the
two proposed branches shall start, and where
they shall converge together. But after these two
branches spread over the frontier, how easy it will
be for other branches to unite.
Now, as to the words " by the vicinity of Great
Salt Lake," they have been inserted in the bill as
gentlemen perceive; and 1 suppose myself that
the argument in favor of going there is sufficient,
without naming the facts. The travel over the
overland route all goes that way. The settle-
ments in the Rocky Mountains arc on and near
that route. There are the Denver gold mines, and
one thousand persons a day are now crossing the
Missouri on their way to this new Eldorado.
There is Denver City at that point, called Aurora
on the map. That is about the center of popula-
tion in the new gold diggings. This district, where
the gold mines are, is becoming one of the most
important of the elements that are to develop the
entire country; and whoever builds the Pacific
railroad will go as near that point as ho possibly
can. Then there are the Mormon settlements at
Salt Lake; and any person intending to build a
Pacific railroad will desire to go as near those
settlements as possible. The Washoe mines are
on the same parallel. Therefore the force of em-
igration and population being on that line, it mat-
ters not, in my judgment, whether the words "in
the vicinity of Salt Lake" are in the bill or not;
for 1 suppose it is as sure as fate that the road will
run in the vicinity of the Salt Lake if a central
Pacific railroad be constructed.
There are, however, amendments to this bill
which, m my judgment, must be voted down, or
the bill will be ultimately defeated. The first
amendment which 1 shall mention is a proposi-
tion to make three railroads. I consider that
more than the Government ought to undertake;
because, if one line should be successful, it will
demonstrate the propriety of making others. They
will be carried out, perhaps, by private enter-
prise, and the Government will be sure to do jus-
tice to the different sections of the country, it is
unnecessary to make three roads now, because,
on the extreme northern and southern lines, there
are comparatively very small settlements at the
present time, while on this central route you have
the settlements at the Rocky Mountain mines,
the Mormons in Utah, the settlement at the
Washoe mines, and finally you enter the Sacra-
mento valley, the heart of California; and there-
fore there is a present necessity for a railroad on
that central route. But as to present necessity,
it is improper for us to contemplate three great
railroads to the Pacific, because it would require
an expenditure of three or four hundred million
dollars, and that is more than the Government
of the United States should be required to dis-
burse. Three or four hundred million is the low-
estcalculation that any sensibleman would make.
I know that there will probably be propositions
sent into this Hall, showing that men are willing
to build railroads there if you will give them
$6,000 a mile, and others perhaps $10,000 a mile;
but those who have had most experience in the
construction of railroads, both West and East,
know very well that such propositions are pre-
posterous. If they have studied this country,
they must know that they cannot inducc capital
to take hold of a matter of this kind on any such
terms. They either do not themselves understand
what they contemplate, or they propose to fasten
upon the Government a contract, and afterwards
come to you and demand that they shall have
further advances, or they will stand in the way of
a reasonable investment. I want no such policy
adopted. I want the Government to understand
at the start how much they have got to donate, if
you choose to call it so, or how many bonds they
have to loan to the company. I want them to
start right, and not begin with a fallacious idea of
building a road by the advancement of six or ten
thousand dollars a mile.
Anothiil- proposition will be to make two roads.
I was willing myself, for the sake of compromise,
to agree to that, and went at first in favor of ad-
justing some plan of two roads; but I soon found
that a large majority of this House regarded it as
impracticable, and for this reason: you can dem-
onstrate that one railroad will pay a fair divi-
dendon $60,000,000;but when you come to double
the road, you cannot demonstrate that you can get
a fair dividend on the sum requisite to induce pri-
vate capital to build two lines which will cost twice
as much. One road may be a profitable business,
while two may not pay for the running. You per-
ceive, therefore, that as you multiply the roads,
you must add more money per mile.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. Will the gentleman
from Iowa be good enough to say what amount
of private interest he expects to have invested in
this road ?
Mr. CURTIS. Sixty million dollars.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What amount in
addition to that furnished by the Government?
Mr. CURTIS. Sixty million dollars.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is there any pro-
vision m the bill making provisions for it?
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it supposed that
the load will be built foi $60,000,000?
Mr. CURTIS. It is supposed it will cost
$120,000,000, of which private capital is to be
furnished to the amount of $60,000,000, and Gov-
ernment bonds to the amount of $60,000,000. I
want it understood that there is no proposition
to make any absolute donation by the Govern-
ment; but on the contrary, it is expected that the
Government will be reimbursed by service which
now costs eight or ten million dollars.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The point of my
inquiry is this: whether it is contemplated that
these bonds will build the entire road, the benefit
of which is to be derived by the individuals oper-
ating ?
Mr. CURTIS. Not at all. I have explained
that very carefully; and I say again, that it is not
expected that this road will fall into the hands of
the Government, or that the Government will make
the road and then give it as a gratuity to individ-
uals. It only provides that the Government shall
invite capital, by saying that they will invest a
certain amount in theformoffirstmortgage bonds
on the road, which are to be payable m thirty
years, with five per cent, interest, to bo paid by
the Government; but the Government to be reim-
bursed finally for every dollar in the shape of ser-
vice for which we are now paying.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose the Gov-
ernment, then, is not to advance the bonds until
money to an equal amount is advanced by indi-
viduals ?
Mr. CURTIS. No bonds are to be advanced
until fifty miles of the road shall have been com-
pleted. The private capital is required to be
used, to a certain extent, before the Government
of the United States is required to advance bonds
to the amount of a dollar. As to the lands the bill
speaks of, they are so small in quantity that I do
not think it necessary to exhaust any time in con-
sidering that subject.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
will observe that, if these private individuals are
to build the road out of their own resources, there
is no necessity for the Government advancing
anything.
Mr. CURTIS. There is a necessity, because
] take it for granted that a company would go
on and build thirty miles of road with the expect-
ation that the Government will ultimately share
the expense, when they would not do it without''
any such expectation. Every man connected
with railroad construction in this country who
understands the way in wjiich railroads have been
built, knows very well the necessity of some kind
of advancement, or permanent subscription, in
order to obtain the capital needed.
Mr. SINGLETON. If the gentleman will
allow me to ask him a question, I desire to know
how many million acrcs of land are to be donated
by this bill?
Mr. CURTIS. Ithas been the custom, in aid-
ing railroads in the western country, to give the
land in alternate sections within six miles on each
side of the road. This bill only donates alter-
nate sections within one mile.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I have not obtained the floor
for the purpose of debating this bill to-day. I do
not feel well enough. I desire, however, to sub-
mit an amendment before this billshallclose; and
in order to be sure of an opportunity, I move now
to strike out, in the first section, the words " in
the vicinity of Great Salt Lake." I believe that
is the language in the first section of the bill.
Mr. DAVlS, of Indiana. I rise to a point of
order. It is this: that all the amendments now
being proposed to this bill are out of order. There
are three or four reports from the select commit-
tee. The first proposition is the bill reported by
the majority of the committee. That is subject
to amendment; but can be amended only to the
second degree. Hence,all these propositions are
out of order. In this connection I desire to say,
because I think the point of order is perfectly
clear, that it is impossible to consider a bill of this
magnitude in the House properly, as it should bo
considered, involving, as it does, two or three
hundred million dollars. It might go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it can be taken up, read section by section,
and every gentleman can get in his proposition,
and have his vote upon it. That is where it ought
to go; and it iswhere it must go, before I will give
a vote for it. I desire also to say that I am in
favor of a Pacific railroad; and that I intend to
vote for some bill which can he taken up, di-
gested, and perfected. For the purpose of accom-
plishing that object, 1 move that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. The question of order which
the gentleman from Indiana first raised must be
decided beforeavotecan be taken upon going into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I was aware of that;
but it is so seldom I can get the floor at all, that
I thought it would be better to get it in now.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not object to the motion
being entered. What I wish is, that the question
of order shall be decided as to whether the amend-
ment I have proposed has been received before
the motion to commit is put. I desire to call the
attention of the House to the condition of the bill
as I understand it. No amendment has been
offered to the bill as reported by the committee,
except the one offered by the gentleman from
Texas, [Mr. Hamilton,] which he indicated his
purpose to withdraw, and the amendment which
has been submitted by myself. There were no
amendment coming from the committee as such.
Minority reports have been. made in the nature
