1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
the carrying of the mails, for which service a largo
sum has heretofore been paid by the Government,
and to send them overland.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man does not find that in this hill.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. No, sir; but I
find it in another bill which is pending before the
Hou.se, reported from the Committee on the Post
Oilice and Post Roads. Well, sir, I do not object
to that. I think that it is well enough to try the
experiment of sending the mails by land if the
proposition shall be ascertained to be practicable
and as economical as the present plan of trans-
mission.
Now, let me say to my friend from California,
that I presume, notwithstanding what he has said
about the high rate of passenger carriage, he does
not wish to see the ocean steamer communication
between New York and California broken down,
at least until one of the railroads to the Pacific
coast shall have been constructed; certainly not
until there has been established, by some moans,
a more frequent communication across the plains
than now exists; and I take it for granted that he
has no desire to see the price of passage by the
ocean route enhanced. The gentleman has re-
ferred to the fluctuation of price. 1 admit that the
puce is larger than it was a year ago. The price
of transportation of a steerage passenger to Cali-
ifornia, one year ago, was $50, and now it is $100,
which embraces paid to the Panama railroad
company. It is, as I am informed, a cheaper rate
of transportation than can be elsewhere found
upon the face of the globe. The rates are now es-
tablished at $200 for first, class, $150 for second
class, and $100 for the third class, if your bill
becomes a law, if Congress shall be so regardless
of the capital employed in this trade as to reduce the
carrying capacity of our ocean steamers nearly
fifty per cent., then the rates will rise. Some-
body must pay, and my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Washburn*:] may yet be reminded by some of his
constituents thai when he thought he was hitting
at the monopolists, he was really hitting his const it-
uents. This sort,of legislation is unjust to the ship-
owners, whom you have encouraged by,your laws,
and who, by the whole course of your legislation
from the foundation of the Government, have been
led to believe that their capital might be safely
invested in the carrying trade; and thai if you
would not protect, you would refuse to destroy.
It is not  "iwin to make this lawnpplicable to ships
already lmilt,and now running in accordance with
existing law. If the House shall see fit lo make
this law applicable to .steanieis hereafter to be
built, I do not know that there will be objection
to it. Ships are built to carry passengers and to
carry freight. 1 admit that the less the number
of people who go to sea, the less will be the num-
ber liable to he drowned in shipwiecks. If \ou
s.-ek to saw the Jives ofevei y one of our Ameri-
can people iinni fhat danger, you ought to pro-
hibit fhein all fiom going to sea at all That is
the mode hy which you may leach the root of
this alleged evil, and make ^substantial improve-
ment in the bills of American mortality, f sub-
mit it to the intelligence of the House whether it
is just, oreven expedient, that a provision so rad-
ical, that n change so enormous, shall take ell'ect
upon str amers built under < xisting laws, and in
behalf of winch jve contend that they have, ae-
ro red vested rights agamst this kind of legislative
invasion ?
Mi Speaker, there are featmes of this bill not
as yet leferied to in tins debate, which certainly
i equire careful attention. There is asei ics of pro-
visions, designed for the security ot life in case of
shipwreck or other accident incident to the sea.
The twelfth and fourteenth sections of the bill
provide that every sea-going steamer shall have
on boaid a Kutficient quantity of lumb< r to make
rafts adequate to carry one half of the maximum
number of passengeis and crew, specified in the
certificate of the inspectors, and boats enough to
carry the residue. This seems somewhat plaus-
ible at first impression: and 1 am not aware that
ship-owners would object to any sensible precau-
tion, having in view reasonable security for hu-
man life m case of accident. But the fact is not to
be disregarded, that passenger ships have not as
yet been so constructed, in any part of the known
world, as to enable boats and lumber to an in-
definite extent to be carried in such manner as to
be at all times instantly available. If Congress
shall see fit to insist on this novel requirement, it
is difficult to understand upon what principle for-
eign steamers and sailing ships, carrying Amer-
ican citizens from our own ports, ought to be
relieved from its application. The lives of Amer-
icans are as worthy of protection from casualties
to foreign ships, as from accidents which may
happen to ours. English steamers carry boats^
in accordance with the provisions of an act of
Parliament. The law of England on this subject
has some regard to the construction of a ship,,
and some reference to the interests of commerce.
It requires that a ship shall carry boats in pro-
portion to her tonnage; but that, under no circum-
stances, shall she be required to carry a greater
number of boats than arc necessary to preserve
the lives of the passengers and crew on board.
This would seem to be a sensible rule. The ob-
ject of running a steamer is not to carry boats or
"lumber. You may fill her with lumber and beats,
and if she has no passengers there will be no pas-
sengers to save. The object of carrying boats is
to save life; and it would seem to be practical
wisdom that we should regulate the number of
boats a ship must carry by the actual number ot
✓passengers on board. This law regulates the
number of boats a ship shall carry, not with ref-
erence to her actual passengers and crew, but with
reference to the maximum number she is by law
peimitted to cany. Thus, if a ship can, under
the law, carry one thousand passengers, and has,
in fact, but fifty* this act would require her to
carry boats enough to save five hundred, and rafts
enough to save five hundred more. Is there, Mr.
Speaker, any practical navigator who would not
smile upon reading the special provisions of the
fourteenth section ? But t he law of docs not
provide that any of the inspectors shall be a sea-
fating man, or familiar with the incidents of ma-
rine disaster, when man must rely for his safety
upon the providence of God, and the precautions
of men become instantly unavailing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 have been requested by
gentlemen upon both sides of the House to with-
draw the motion I submitted that this bill be re-
ferred lo the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, i ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce whether he will agree to a
postponement of the fin lliei consideration of the
bill for two weeks from this day *
The SPEAKFR pro tempore, (Mr. Winsj.ow
in the chair.) A motion to postpone is in oider
pendin(  a nnxio" lo commit.
I Mr. WASmWUNE, of Illinois. f hope that
| gentlemen will not postpone the consideration of
: this subject.
j Mr. CRAWFORD. I have had a conference
| with more than ado/en gentlemen upon this bill,
1 and they all admit that it has not been sufficiently
! will examined on their pait to enable them at
! present to vote satisfactorily upon it. I can see
no reason why the gentleman from Illinois should
object, if, by consent of the House, the further
consideration of the bill is postponed for two
weeks, and made a special order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not see
why we should notgo on now under the new rule,
and m the House take np and act upon the bill,
section hv section. Every member heie will have
the opportunity to know what is the chaiactcr of
every provision of the bill. I hope the gentleman
will not press his motion for a postponement.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the gentleman from Il-
linois will consent to a two wecks'postponcment,
I will not press a vote upon my motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union; otherwise, 1 will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
desire, Mr. Speaker, to press the consideration of
tlus bill at this tune against the manifest disposi-
tion of the House, or any large number of its mem-
bers. I had hoped that gentlemen would have
examined the bill and come here prepared to act
upon it, and to perfect it as it came before us, sec-
tion by section. There are other matters which
will interfere with the postponement proposed.
There is the codification of the existing revenue
laws of the United States, which will come up
upon the 3d of April next.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That will come up next
Tuesday, and I propose that the further consid-
eration of the pending bill shall be postponed for
two weeks from to-day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If it V the
general understanding of the House that this bill,
if postponed, shall come up two weeks from to-
day as a special order, and be then disposed of, I
do not know that I will interpose further objec-
tion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is what I propose.
Mr. VALLANDIG-HAM. It is of little use to
postpone this bill and keep it in the House, un-
less there is an understanding that it shall betaken
up and read and discussed by sections.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I take that to
be the understanding of the House—that the bill
shall be taken up by sections, and discussed and
disposed of
Mr. VALLANDIG-HAM. Then I do not ob-
ject.
Mr. M1LLSON. 1 think, sir, that we are wast-
ing a great deal of time in the discussion of pre-
liminary questions. If the bill is to be postponed,
let us take a vote on the question at once. Let us
take a vote on the motion to refer to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and,
if that is not carried, then let us go on and con-
sider the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the bill
is postponed, it is the understanding, I trust, that
there shall be no dilatory motions interposed to
its consideration, section by section, ana its dis-
position at the time to which it is postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist that it shall not in-
terfere with the morning hour; that it shall not
come up until after the morning hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not ob-
ject to that.
Mr. M1LLSON. I claim the floor. I am about
to make a motion; and I want to introduce it with
a remark or two m reply to the observation of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigiiam;] and
because a number of members, as well as himself,
seem to he under an erroneous impression in re-
gard to the effect of the amended rules of the House.
This bill is now, without any agreement or con-
sent, open for debate in the House, section by sec-
tion,as ifitwere in the Committee of the Whole.
Heretofore, I have always voted and urged that
this bill should be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; but since
the amendment of the rules—which amendments
were made with the very object of avoiding the
difficulties before existing—we con now go on and
discuss this bill precisely as in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and the
House can, when n pleases, elos® debate upon
every pending amendment, and then go on to the
consideration of a subsequent amendment. For
that reason, I should have voted against the mo-
tion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. And now, with a view
to terminate the debate, and bring the House to
an immediate vole upon tlie motion to postpone
—our new rule pio\idmg that the previous ques-
tion, when a motion to postpone is pending, shall
apply only to the motion to postpone—I call for
the previous question upon the motion to postpone.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no objection to post-
poning this bill; but I desire to know whether the
motion is to postpone to the specified day, to be
taken up after the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it is to be made the special order after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The under-
standing, 1 believe, is, that the bill shall come up
then for the purpose of being considered section
by section, without any motion to refer it, and
without any dilatory motion. [Cries of " Yes!"
"Yes!"]
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the motion to postpone was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the Army appropriation bill.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to introduce a bill for the purpose of referring
it to the special committee upon the Pacific rail-
road ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman will have
an opportunity to do that on Monday.
