370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
here, and demand at the hands of the Government
the pay for their services. There was no appro-
priation made at the last Congress. Whose fault
was it? I am not here to say whose fault it was.
I only wish this fact borne in mind, that the Dem-
ocratic party, both in their platform and princi-
ples, declared that if we could give them the con-
trol of the Government they would administer it
rightly.
Mr. BOULI&NY. Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. STOKES. If my friend from Louisiana
will allow me to proceed, I will close in a few
moments.
As I was going oil to remark, they declared to
the people that they were competent to administer
this Government upon economical principles; that
they would administer it according to justice,
equity, and right. I only want to say that they
then liad a large majority in the other end of the
Capitol, and they were here upon this floor with
a majority of over twenty, and yet the Post Office
appropriation bill failed, and the country was left
to suffer. I admit that the country is in a dis-
tracted condition. Those creditors are suffering
for their money, and tlicy need it.
Now, I ask this side of the House if they will
not come up and unite upon a southern Opposition
member, and place him in the chair, in order that
those men may get their honest and just dues from
the Government? Their answer is, that, if cer-
tain members vote for certain gentlemen, they will
not. I have, Mr. Clerk, this country's good at
heart; and I feel for those honest creditors, i want
them paid; and 1 am ready and willing to organ-
ize this House upon any reasonable, conservative
basis. I do not know whether we have a man
upon our side who will command the Democratic
strength. Some of them tell us they will not vote
for a Whig or American. Someplace their ob-
jection upon one ground, and some upon another.
So it seems we cannot concentrate them upon one
of our friend# at all. They make speeches here
in which they make charges not only against the
Republicans, but against our little Spartan band,
ana yet they ask us logo over and vote with them.
r am not disposed to trespass upon the time of
the House, and I will now conclude my remarks
by making one simple statement to the'House. 1
desire to bring to the notice of the House, that at
an early day of this session, my honorable fiirnd
who sits behind me, [Mr. Nelson-,] than whom,
in my judgment, a truer patriot never lived, rose
in his place and made a sensible appeal to both
sides of the House to lay aside all sectional feel-
ings, all bitterness of party prejudice, and come
together, organize, and restore peace and quiet to
the country. He came forward and vindicated the
resolution introduced by my friend from North
Carolina, [Mr. Gu.Mr.ii,J m lieu of the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark.]
Why r Let nm tell gentleman that that resolution
of the gentleman from North Carolina was agreed
upon unanimously by the South Americans upon
this floor.
It not only declared that those who indorsed
the Helper book, but declared that no man ought
to occupy the Sneaker's chair, who would not
maintain and indorse the compromise measures
of 1850 and the sentiments expressed by distin-
guished members of the Democratic and Whig
parties m 18,j0 and 1^51. My colleague [Air.
Nelson*] went further. He came forward and
uttered Union sentiments upon this floor; and
what followed ? You find the leading organ of
the Democratic party, published at the metrop-
olis of Tennessee, denouncing him and making
charges against him. I ask, has it come to this,
that when a freeman rises upon this floor and
utters Union sentiments, declares himself m favor
of the Union and the Constitution, and proposes
a compromise for peace and harmony, that he is
to be subjected to the censure, abuse, and denun-
ciation of a Democratic press2
Having said thus much, I return my thanks to
the House for the courteous manner in which my
remarks have been received.
Mr. GARTRELL obtained the floor.
Air. WINSLOW. If my friend will give way,
[Cries of "No!" "No!" from the Republican
side.] I have the floor with the permission of the
gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will yield to the gentle-
man until I hear the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. WINSLOW. It is now very late. I was
about to say that, considering the harmonious
condition of all parties, I have no doubt that if
we could get a vote now we might organize im-
mediately. I was,therefore, going to movt, with
the permission of the gentleman from Georgia,
that the House now proceed to a ballot.
Mr. GARTRELL. I am perfectly willing to
yield for that purpose.
Air. WINSLOW. Tt is now very late. Let
us take this ballot, and if we can have a general
understanding that no other vote shall be taken
to-day, this debate might go on this evening.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" from the Republican
benches.] Then i call the previous question upon
the motion that we proceed to a vote.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. PHELPS moved that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I understand the gentleman
from IsForth Carolina has moved the previous ques-
tion upon the motion that the House proceed to
a ballot. A few days ago I gave notice that I in-
tended hereafter to annex the plurality rule in the
shape of a proviso to that motion whenever it
should be made. I now desire this House to vote,
and to vote down this call for the previous ques-
tion, in order that I may have an opportunity to
make the amendment which I propose, and I call
for tellers.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 wish to submita privileged
motion—that there be a call of the House.
The CLERK. That motion is already pending.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a point of order,
and I intend to press it, if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania presses his motion. My point of
order is, that there being already a motion before
the House—the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] with the amendment to
that motion of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Gilmer.,]—amotion to take a ballot is out of
order, and cannot be entertained until the pre-
vious motions are disposed of.
Mr. HICKMAN. I recognize at once the pro-
priety of raising that point of order. I have been
anxious to reach that point for the last three weeks.
There is no question about its correctness, and
when the time comes for tin; gentleman to iaise
his point of ordei, 1 shall call the previous ques-
tion upon the picccdent motion toeoirect the Jour-
nal of this Ilouse. And I wish now to give no-
tice, so that there may bo no misunderstanding,
that whenever this House demands a ballot for
Speaker hereafter, and I am able to retain my seat
upon this floor, (if my health shall hold out,) 1
intend to know if that previous question shall bo
sustained; and I intend, if I shall be able to do so,
to induce gentlemen to vote it down; and I shall
persevere until I shall be able to annex my pro-
viso, or to know that I shall not be able to do it,
if I have to persevere until the next harvest.
Mr. WINSLOW. The previous question hav-
ing been seconded, no motion is in order but a
motion to adjourn, or for a call of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGIIAM. Mr. Clerk, it is
due to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bo-
cock,} that I should say that in stating, a few
minutes since, that I would not vote for him for
Speaker, if supported by Republicans under the
circumstances stated by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, as Mr. Gilmer was supported, and in al-
luding to what occurred ten years ago, I meant
no sort of imputation upon him, nor intended to
convey the idea that U was possible that ffe should
enter into any sort of an arrangement in regard to
the constitution of the committees of this House.
I ought to have said it then; I say it now, and add
further, that I voted against the* gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] at a time when the
Democratic vote could have elected him. It was
sufficient for the Democrats of the North and the
West generally, that he was an "Americanbut
I have no doubt, and in candor so state it, that
the great majority of those upon,this side of the
House who withheld their votes from him, did it,
in my opinion, because he was supported by Re-
publicans. I, at least, intend to be consistent.
Mr. Gilmer could have been electcd by us with
the aid of Republican votes; but Mr. Bocock
could not, and cannot. But in the same circum-
stances, I would not vote for either.
Mr. WINSLOW. I now* ask for a vote on the
motion for a call of the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to what I suppose is
a privileged motion; [cries of " Call the Koll!"]
and that is that this House "do now adjourn.
[Cries of" Oh, no !" " Withdraw it!"] It strikes
me that as wo are approaching the Sabbath, and
as my colleague [Mr. Hickman] has threatened
that he intends to continue us m session till the
next harvest, we had better have the advantage of
to-morrow, and begin the struggle on Monday.
I therefore move that the House do now adjourn.
Messrs. CONKLING, KELLOGG of Michi-
gan, and others, demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the motion.
The roll was then called; when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Ahhmore, Bair, Biown, Clemens, Clark B. Coch-
rane, Delano, Irvine, Jenkins, Jones, Pottle, Reynolds,
Schwaitz, Sickles, Sta)hvoitli,Theaker, Veiree, and Web-
ster.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McRAE said: I am requested by Mr.
Clemens to say that he has paired off* with Mr.
Verree, of Pennsylvania, from to-day at twelve
o'clock, until Tuesday next; and I further desire
to say on his behalf, that Mr. Clemens is detained
from the House by the extreme indisposition of
Mrs. Clemens, who has been indisposed since the
commencement of the session, and is so extremely
ill that she requires his personal attendance.
Mr. TRAIN stated that Mr, Delano was con-
fined to his room by sickness, and had paired off
for the day with Mr. Curry.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that Mr. Jokes was
still paired oilf with Mr. Irvine.
Further proceedings in the call were then dis-
pensed with.
Mr. HICKMAN. I renew my demand for
tellers on the main question, which has been called
on the motion that the House proceed to vote for
Speaker.
Tollers were ordered.
Mr. LEAKE. Suppose the main question
should be ordered, would it exhaust itself on this
one vote ?
The CLERK. The Clerk understands that it
will exhaust itself on this one vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to ask the Clerk
whether, if the mam question shall now be re-
fused, it will not simply postpone the vote until
the next legislative day, and not open the ques-
tion for debate or amendment?
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that, under
the parliamentary law, that is the cfFect of refus-
ing to order the main question.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then the voting down of
the mam question will enable me to get in the
amendment that I propose; and that is all I care
about at this time. If they will allow my amend-
ment to be attached to the motion for a ballot, I
do not care how soon the House adjourns.
Mr. HOUSTON. Did I not understand the
Clerk to say that the previous question had been
seconded ?
The CLERK. The demand for the previous
question has been seconded.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that is the case, then the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina can
never bo amended during any time that we may
remain m a legislative capacity.
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, we will try that.
Mr. HOUSTON. In a case of this kind, it
does not require a majority to second the demand
for the picvious question under the parliamentary
law. If, then, the House shall refuse to order the
mam question to be now put, it will adjourn the
question to another legislative day,and that is all.
Mr. STANTON. The House evidently does
not desire to vote without examining;, in the first
place, what will be the effect of ordering the main
question. Now, 1 do not know but the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] is right; but I will
thank the Clerk to read the Manual upon that
point; for I apprehend the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania does not desire that a vote shall be taken,
the effect of which will be to postpone a vote for
Speaker until Monday.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am desirous of prevent-
ing a ballot for Speaker until I can get the plural-
ity rule; because it is perfectly idle to go into a
ballot, when gentlemen have counted noses, and
known beforehand that it will i-esult in nothing.
