THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
I do think that the original resolution ought to
pass. Some other committees ought possibly to
have the same. I am on two committees. With-
out doing injustice, I will say in regard to the one,
that, in my judgment, if h£ earns $>800, the other
cams twice that. I have the kindest possible feel-
ings for them both; but one is in a position to do
avast deal more for the Government than the
other; and I believe that his large intelligence, his
experience, his knowledge of the Army and of
the men and of the claims that come before Con-
gress, and hiy inflexible integrity, have, during
the last few years, saved this Government many
thousands of dollars. This is my deep convic-
tion, and I hope the original resolution will pass.
Mr. BROWN. I am perfectly willing to go
for "continuing all these clerks; but unless that is
done, I am opposed to increasing the list. The
Senator from Alabama says that the clerk of his
committee performs a great deal of labor dur-
ing the vacation; but he has not specified. The
Senator from Massachusetts has said the same
thing; but still he has not specified. What is it
that he does in the vacation for which he should
be paid any more than the clerks of other com-
mittees? That he does his duty during the ses-
sion^of the Senate, I dare say is true; and so do
the clerics of other committees. They do what-
ever .they are required to do, whatever the public
service demands of them; and they do that for a
compensation of six dollars a day. If they are
to be continued during the vacation, I can see no
necessity for making a discrimination between
them. The clerk of one committee has as much
right to be continued in service as the clerk of
any other committee. I think the three that are
now continued, the clerks to the Committee on
Finance, the Committee on Claims, and the Com-
mittee on Printing, render no service to the pub-
lic during the vacation for which they deserve to
be continued in the public service.
Mr. PITCH. 1 desire merely to correct the
Senator as to the clerk of the Committee on Print-
ing. I know nothing of the others. The records
of the Printing Committee are left in charge of
that clerk, and questions are constantly present-
ing themselves to the Superintendent which re-
quire, on his part, access in some manner to those
records kept by the clerk.
Mr. BROWN. * Then ho ought to be a clerk
belonging to the printing bureau or the printing
commission, and not the clerk of a committee
which is not in session. The committee are not
here to exercise any supervision over his action
at all. It is very probable that he should be trans-
ferred to the printing commission during the va-
cation, and let him labor for the Superintendent
as a separate and independent clerk; but I do not
see whyitis that the clerk of one committee should
be continued during the vacation, and the clerks
of other committees discontinued. I see no pro-
priety in it. As to measuring it by the amount
of labor which each one performs, you might as
well undertake to graduate the amount of pay,
and say one shall have two dollars, another four
dollars, another six dollars, another eight dollars,
another ten dollars, according to the amount of
labor they had performed. During the sittings
. of Congress you put them all on thesamefooting,
and pay them all alike. If it can be shown that
the clerk of the Military Committee is doing any
extraordinary labors during the vacation, any-
thing that requires his service, I should not object
to his being paid. Two members of the com-
mittee have stated that he does labor, without
specifying what it is. ' I want to treat them all
alike; either continue none of them, or else con-
tinue all of them.
Mr. DAVIS. It seems to me a most extraordi-
nary principle, indeed, that everybody should be
paid alike. I thought nothing was better settled
in the world than that men were to he paid in
proportion to the services they rendered, whether
that was manual or intellectual service. In pro-
portion to the service rendered by this clerk, I
think he should be paid more than the average of
clerks, and it is service rendered not merely to
the committee, and the committee should not be
called on as the only persons that could speak,
for I believe as much services have been rendered
to other Senators as to the committee by that
clerk. The reason is obvious: he is the clerk of
a committee, the duties of which are special; that
is to say, the duties of that committee belong to
a subject out of the general walk. Men learn laws;
men learn all the common vocations of life; they
do not necessai'ily learn, and therefore they do
notgenerally learn, military affairs; and this clerk
is called upon to perform service for every Sen-
ator who requires such information—to hunt up
the laws, to furnish him with the dates, the rec-
ords, the illustrations, and the usages and prece-
dents. He is constantly called upon. It requires
a very high order of intelligence to perform the
labors as he performs them. I think the addi-
tional compensation may be voted to him with-
out involving everybody, as I think very few,
indeed, arc so useful to the Senate.
Mr. PITCH. I must not be understood, in of-
fering the amendment, as questioning the capacity
or integrity of the clerk of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. On the contrary, although not a
member of the committee, 1 cheerfully bear testi-
mony to what I believe to be his possession of
both those qualities in a very eminent degree. I
do not think the committee or the Senate could
have a more useful man in their employ. That
proposition was offered, as I have already re-
marked to the Senate, without any intention on
my part of either advocating the original or the
amendment. It is more properly for the chair-
man and members of those committees than for
myself, the committee of which I am chairman
having a standing clerk, and very properly, as it
would be almost impossible to dispense with the
service of some one in that capacity in the recess.
But at the solicitation of those around me, not
being disposed to throw any obstacles in the way
of the passage of the onginal resolution, I shall
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Then, Mr. President, I renew
the amendment which I proposed in the begin-
ning, tp insert after the word11 militia" the words,
" and all other standing committees."
Thcfamendmcnt was rejected.
Mr7 TRUMBULL. 1 have sent for the Senate
proceedings on this subject. They occurred at the
session of 1856-57; and I find that the report of
the committee which was raised on this subject at
that time provided:
" Each of the foiegoinc committees shall be entitled to
employ u clerk, with the exception of the f>ix following,
which xhall not he entitled to a clerk, viz:
" 1. The Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
"2. The Committee on Public Building's and Grounds.
i: 3. The Committee to Audit andContiol the Contingent
Expenses, of ihe Senate.
"4. The Committee on the Library.
"5. The Committee on En^ios^ed Bills.
"6. The Committee on Em oiled Bills.
a The clcrks of the Committees on Finance, Printing:, and
Claims, shall be peimanent clerks, at a salary of $1,860.
per annum.
"The clerks employed by all the other committees shall
receive a compensation of six dollars per <hein, dunn£ the
time of their actual employment; and at the close of the
second session of each Congiess shall be entitled to an
extia compensation equal to the amount of their per diem
for sixty days."
Some amendments were made, but this propo-
sition was substantially, I think, adopted; and I
believe the clerks now receive six dollars a day
during the session, and six dollars for sixty days
after the second session.
Mr. BROWN. Not the sixty days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I h^ve not had time
to run it through and sec the exact shape in which
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BROWN. That was offered, hut rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi is doubtless correct. Now, is not that
sufficient? It was thought to be, on a revision of
the whole of this troublesome subject. If you
open it now, what will be the consequence? We
have the testimony of the Military Committee
that the clerk of that committee is a very excel-
lent man, and performs his duties well, and ought,
as they say, to be made a permanent clerk. I am
not disposed to dispute the fact that he is a very
able and accomplished clerk; but I presume, if you
call upon the members of the other committees,
they will testify to the same thing; and if we are
to suffer our individual feelings in regard to indi-
viduals to govern us, we shall make permanent,
I suppose, all the clerks of committees, and pay
them annual salaries, as we do to the clerks of the
Committees on Finance, Printing, and Claims. I
am opposed to opening this question at all; and I
renew the motion which I made a little while ago,
to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. FITCH. I merely ask the permission of
the Senator to give a brief statement of the pay
of the committee clerks and other officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw the mo-
tion, if the Senator will renew it.
Mr. FITCH. I will do so. During the last
Congress the committee clerks received an aver-
age of §861 a year. When we compare that with
the pay of the other employes of the Senate, it
will be seen that there is a manifest injustice in it,
unless the usual additional compensation is al-
lowed them, which was refused at the last session.
The pages permanently employed received $876,
the mail boys $900, and the messengers $1,200.
I presume that our committee clerks would be full
as well satisfied, if they could receive the usual
additional compensation,asif they were employed
permanently, though that might not satisfy the
committees, for I can well perceive that quite a
number of the committees must leave more or less
important papers in the hands of some person,
and there can be no one more trusty than their
clerk. Now, in accordance with my implied ar-
rangement with the Senator from Illinois, I renew
his motion, though I shall not vote for it myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the resolution lie on the tabic.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken,resulted
—yeas 14, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Brown, Clark, Crittenden. Doo-
little, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnson ot Tcnnes&ee, King,
Sebastian,Thomson, Tunnbull, and Wade—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brag?, Davis, Durlcec, Fitch,
Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Ivers-on, Lane, La-
tham, MaJloiy, Nichoh-on. Pearcc, Polk, Powell, Kiee,
Simmon«, Wigfall, and Wilkinson—21.
Mr. MALLOfeY. I trust the resolution will
pass; but I deem it my duty to offer an amend-
ment, which the Senate will at once appreciate.
I am serving upon two committees, one of which -
has a permanent clerk—the Committee on Claims;
and the other, the Committee on Naval Affairs,
of which I have the honor to be chairman, has a
clerk who is not permanent; but I can see no dif-
ference between the labor and the responsibility
of labor of the two. Those who are associated
with me on the Naval Committee will bear wit-
ness that everything which has been said of the
clerk of the Committee on Military Affairs may,
with equal justice, be said of the clerk of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, as to the amount of
labor he has to perform and the responsibility
and character of the clerk. I want the resolution
to pass; but as the services of the clerks of the
two committees are sister services and very sim-
ilar, and 1 do not believe they differ in amount
at nil, I ask that the resolution be amended, by
inserting the clerk of the Committee on Naval
Affans.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by including the clerk of the Committee on
the Judiciary, and I will state the reason. It is
impossible, necessarily, for any gentleman who
is not on two committees to judge of the relative
labor of the clerks of those committees. He would
naturally place upon the services of the clerk
whose services came under his own eyes an esti-
mate which he would not place upon the sei vices
of another, and it would be in vain for him to
attempt to compare their services. I believe,
myself, that if you were to make the clerks per-
manent, it would be better; not because they
would be employed in the vacation, but in order
to secure the services of men competent to per-
form the duties, and be certain that you will have
them at the next session. None of these clerks,
I believe, are employed in the vacation; but by
giving a permanent compensation, a man who
has become conversant with the business of his
committee, and who really is of great service to
the members of the committee in the performance
of their duties, is retained; because then the sal-
ary becomes competent for the purpose of insur-
ing his retention. Otherwise, you may have to
shift at the commencement of a new session. I
think that is the basis on which alone the com-
pensation can be made permanent. I am satisfied
that this basis applies as much to the oleik of the
Committee on the Judiciary as to the cleik of any
other committee of the Senate. The officer him-
self is, beyond all question, one of the most faithful
and efficient committee clerks. I say this without
meaning at all to derogate from the service of any
other clerk, for I know nothing about the char-
acter of the service of a great many of them. I
