1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2885
still, before you can reach this bill you must lay
aside all bills on the Calendar before it, a hundred
of them or more, I dare say.
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman
that if we talte up the special order in the House,
I submit that it is competent for the House to
more to go into committee upon the special order.
And that is the proposition which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Davis] makes. _ There ia no
difficulty in considering it in committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man from Ohio is right, the practice of the House
has always been wrong. Special orders in the
House and special orders in.committee arc two
different things.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say one word in
reference to this matter. The rules of the House
provide that when the House goes into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the bills shall be taken up in their order. There
is no such thingasaspecial order in the committee.
Mr. STANTON. The rule provides that any
bill may be made a special order in the House.
This bill has been made aspecial order, and when
it is a special order, cannot you go into Commit-
tee of the Whole upon that special order?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The bill is a
special order in the House, and when a bill is
made a special order in the House it must be con-
sidered in the House; and when a special order
in the committee it must be considered in the com-
mittee. When a bill is considered in the House
it is subject to the rules of the House, and when
in committee, it is subject to the rules of the com-
mittee. Whenever you make a special order in
the committee, the bill may be taken up out of its ■
order, but not otherwise.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Haskin in
the chair.) This bill being the special order in
the House to-day, it would be a special order in
the committee to-day, but not after to-day.
Mr. STANTON. That is just what I have
said. Now, the difference between considering
the bill in the House and in the committee in this:
that in the House the chairman of a special com-
mittee, or anybody else, may move the previous
question upon the whole bill, thus compelling
every member to vote in support of the whole bill,
or to lose the entire bill. I may prefer to vote for
the bill as it stands in preference to defeating it
altogether; but still, I might prefer to have it
modified and put into a shape that would suit me
better, and that can only certainly be done in
committee. I want to preserve the liberty of per-
fecting it, and of perfecting it as far as possible.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would ask
the gentleman how he would be benefited in that
respect, for when we go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union two amendments
may be offered, and no other amendment would
be in order. Then the question must be taken
first upon the amendment to the amendment; then
upon the amendment to the bill; and finally upon
the bill as amended. And in that way it may
be brought into the House, and carried through
under the rule. I ask if, under such circum-
stances, the gentleman would have as much lib-
erty to amend as he would have in the House,
where amendments may be offered, one after an-
other ?
Mr. STANTON. Precisely the same thing will
happen in the House, if any gentleman chooses
to offer a substitute. The same advantage can
be taken in the House that can be taken in com-
mittee. My own opinion is, that the House will
not resort to any such course, and that gentlemen
will not engage in that species of legislation, ex-
cept to accomplish some important purpose.
Mr. REAGAN. The rules of this House were
designed to facilitate the necessary legislation of
the country. Now, here comes up a bill, the
most important that can come before this Con-
gress, and yet it seems that the gentleman from
Maine can see no way by which we can get the
privilege of offering the necessary amendments
for the perfection of the bill, either in the House
or in the Committee of the Whole. As he is a
good parliamentarian, and a gentleman of experi-
ence, it is astonishing that, with his knowledge,
he can find no possible way by which a bill of
such magnitude, involving millions of acres of
the public lands; involving sixty to a hundred
million dollars of public money; involving pri-
vate interests and capital to the amount of mil-
lions; and involving the opening up of a thor-
oughfare across this continent; I say it is strange
that one of the best parliamentarians and oldest
members of the House can find no possible way
by which, either in the House or in committee,
this bill can be subject to amendment, or at least
give members an opportunity to show whether
they can amend or improve it. X trust that the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana will pre-
vail, and that we shall resolve ourselves into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon this bill. We can make it the special order
there. It is under the control of the House, and
I will aid in doing it.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that this bill be made the special
order in Committee of the Whole from day to
day until disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say to gentlemen,
that if you make this bill a special order in com-
mittee, you never can get it out of committee
while an amendment is pending, or while any
gentleman has an amendment which he proposes
to offer. Gentlemen know very well the difficulty
we have in getting appropriation bills out of com-
mittee. There will be i^ore difficulty in reference
to this bill; and I think if you get it into commit-
tee you will never get it out.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 will modify my proposition,
and make the bill the special order in committee
for three days only.
Mr. SHERMAN. If you make it the special
order, you cut off the consideration of appropria-
tion bills, and everything else in committee, until
that is disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Ohio when we should get
rid of this bill in the House under the hour rule,
if, according to the statement of gentlemen here,
we have the right to offer amendments one after
another indefinitely?
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the amendment
now ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A substitute
offered by the gentleman from Texas, and an
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, the simplest way is
to consider the bill section by section in the
House, cut off debate upon the amendments, and
take a vote upon them without discussion.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I object to making
this bill a special order in committee, if it is to be
throe days. I will not object to one day.
Mr. WALTON. Will the making this a
special order interfere with the consideration of
private bills to-morrow and Saturday.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will not. The
question is upon the motion to refer this bill to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does that mo-
tion make it the special order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It does not.
Mr. CURTIS. If the bill is not made the
special order in committee, this motion kills the
bill.
Mr. PHELPS. It can be made a special order
on Monday next.
The question was taken on the motion; and it
was not agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I call for the question on the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
. Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say something on
my amendment; but I am not prepared to do so,
as I am not well to-day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What would be the
condition of the question if we were now to ad-
journ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would be in
the same condition as it is now in.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Would it be the
first business in order to-morrow?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would be the
unfinished business for to-nionow. >
Mr. BURCH. To-morrow will be private bill
day, and I hardly suppose this bill would come
up to-morrow.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would not take
precedence of private bills, but it would have pri-
ority 011 the next public bill day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, as no mem-
ber seems prepared to discuss the question now,
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia withdraw that motion?, Iam going to make
a proposition. ,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw the mo-
tion for the purpose of giving the gentleman from
Iowa an opportunity to make his proposition.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia is not going to take a snap judgment on
this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is exactly
what I am trying to avoid.
Mr. CUR1 IS. I want to make a proposition,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is why I want
to hear it.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to explain the reason
why I did not wish to let this bill go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
am told by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that if the bill went to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I
could not get it out at all; [Voices. "Oh.thatis
notso!"] and for this reason: thatwhile ever there
is an amendment pending, you cannot bring a bill
into the House. I take it for granted the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means un-
derstands what he says, and understands the rules
better than I do; and I believe he is right in this
matter.
But I propose this: to make the bill a special
order from day to day; and I pledge my word not
to call the previous question—[Voices. "Nor to
vote for it? ]—nor to vote for it until the special
ordeT is exhausted—say in four or five days.
• Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Three days.
Mr. GROW. Under the new rules, the pre-
vious question can be called on any amendment
pending, and exhausts itself on that amendment,
and then the bill is still open for amendment,
which amounts to the same thing as if it was in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am aware of all
that.
Mr. GROW. Then I do not sec the objection
to calling the previous question now on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, and letting
the House vote upon it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But the gentleman
from Missouri wishes to speak on it, and his
health will not permit him to do so to-day.
Mr. GROW". He can withdraw it, and offer
it again to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Who wants to
speak to-day?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Virginia withdraw his motion to
adjourn ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do, sir.
Mr. CURTIS. I propose that this bill shall
be made the special order from day to day for
three days^
Mr. TAPPAN. I understand that it is not to-
interfere with the private business to-morrow or
Saturday.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentle-
man from Iowa except from his special order Fri-
day and Saturday, which are special bill days?
Mr. CURTIS. I am willing to do that.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Make it the spe-
cial order for Monday and Tuesday next, and the
rest of this day.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well.
It was so ordered.
Mr. NOELL. I have an amendment to offer,
if my colleague [Mr. Phelps] withdraws his.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say distinctly that I
will press a vote, say at four o'clock on Tuesday.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to inquire of the Chair
whether the proposition nf the gentleman from
Iowa was to make the bill a special order in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
ThcSPEAKERpro tempore. No; in the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I did not so understand it,
or I should have called for a division.
Mr. REAGAN. I suppose that if the gentle-
man from Missouri is not prepaied to debate his •
proposition to-day, ho can withdraw it, and offer
it again to-morrow.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw it, with the inten-
tion of renewing it.
Mr. REAGAN. I offer this as a substitute for
the first section of the original bill:
Strike out all alter the cnactmg clause, ami insert:
That to insure the ceitain, and speedy transporta-
