1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
I want to know, in other words, how long that
side of the House is disposed to present the spec-
tacle to the country which they now present daily?
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and it is as well that it
should be understood now as at any other ,time,
that I, for one, say to the other side of the House
that we will remain in session until the 4th of
March, 1861, sooner than that the plurality rule
sha.ll be adopted. I desire further to say, if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania wants to know how ■
iong this state of things is to continue, how long
this spectacle is to be presented to the country, I
answer that we will hold up to the gaze of our
indignant country this spectacle of a sectional
party attempting to put into the chair of the pre-
siding officer of the House a man identified with
the doctrines of the Helper book, until an indig-
nant people shall rise m their wrath and hurl them
from their seats of power. [Applause.] We will
hold this spectacle up to the eyes of the whole
Union, until the people are awake to the true sig-
nificance of this Black Republican organization,
until the gentleman and his confederates are pillo-
ried by public indignation. [Applause and hisses.]
Mr. WINSLO W. 1 object to further debate.
Mr. STANTON. I hdve a single word to say
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I have no
speech to make. 1 desire simply to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania what will be the
effect of voting down this demand for the main
question ? Suppose we shall vote down the mam
question, the matter then goes over until Monday.
On Monday the question will again recur on the
main question. If it is voted down, the question
again goes over until Tuesday, when the same
question, " Shall the mam question now bo put,"
will again come up. If it is voted down, the sub-
ject goes over until Wednesday, and so on.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think the
gentleman from Oluo is in error. When we have
voted down the call for the main (juestion, the
matter stands as if the previous question had never
been demanded.
Mr. PHELPS. The seconding of the previous
question cuts off all debate and all amendments.
The CLERK. The Clerk will read the Man-
ual upon the point in question:
"' Shall the main question be put." a determination ill
the negative suppressed the main question during the ses-
sion ; but eince the words •' now put' are u^ed, they exclude
it foi the piesent only; formerly, indeed, only till the pres-
ent debate was over, (4 Grey 43,) but now for l^iatday and
no longer —2 Grey, 113, 114."
Mr. PHELPS. So that if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania desires that the proposition to vote
for speaker shall go over until Monday, he may
have the main question voted down. •
Mr. HICKMAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will state his own proposition and
his own purpose, with all due respect to the gen-
tleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS. I recommend you to read the
parliamentary law.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have stated my purpose
very distinctly.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I rise to a point of order.
I want to know if debate is in order after the pre-
vious question has been seconded.
The CLERK. The previous question has been
seconded; but the mam question has not been
ordered to be now put.
Mr. DAVIDSON. If the previous question
has been seconder!, then debate is not in order.
The CLERK. In the opinion of the Clerk,
under general parliamentary law, it is in order to
assign reasons why the main question should not
be now put.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Then you will have a nice
time of it. '
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 gave notice some fe\jr days
ago, that I should persevere, wheneverthe motion
was made to proceed to a ballot, in annexing a
proviso in the shape of the plurality rule. I pre-
sume it was in consequence of tlie notice I then
gave that we have had calls of the previous ques-
tion upon motions to go into a ballot. I did it at
the time advisedly, knowing that gentlemen could
take advantage of the information I then gave
them; because I do not desire upon any occasion
to take advantage of any party upon this floor. If
it is the determination of a majority of this body
that they will not have a Speaker elected, even
dnring the term of the entire Congress, I shall be
willing to acquiesce in the will of that majority,
and I shall be as willing to meet an indignant
people, either here or elsewhere, upon that issue,
as the gentleman from Virginia can be. I have
no fear of their indignation taking fliat particular
shape and form which he seems to suppose it
may assume. It will rather fall upon the heads
of those men who bring about this condition of
things. On them will fall the responsibility.
All I care about it now is to have the question
determined in some shape or other—whether this
body will elect a Speaker, or whether they will
permit a minority to fillibuster away; the time of
the session and prevent an organization, and
consequently prevent legislation? That is pre-
cisely my purpose; and, sir, when the previous
question shall be refused, as it will be, if there is
a majority of this body opposed to the plurality
rule, it will.be time enough to consider what the
effect of that vote will be. If any diversity of
opinion shall then exist as to the proper course to
pursue; if any question of order shall be made at
the time, then this body will determine a question
as they determine all other questions. I have a
single purpose in view—I have nothing to disguise.
It is to ascertain by our proceedings here whether
a majority of this House is determined not to
organize.
1 shall be satisfied with that determination.
For one, I am perfectly willing to remain here
until the 4th of March, 1861, sitting every day if
I can get enough to eat 111 the meantime, and I
think that my friends will not allow me to starve,
to see whether this determination on the part of
the South will be peise^ered in to the last; and
whether, if they cannot command the majority of
the people in favor of disorganizing the Union,
they can gain a majority of the people in favor of
disorganizing legislation. That is all I wish to
know.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I gave notice be-
fore the gentleman from Pennsylvania offered his
resolution, that I would press a vote on my prop-
osition, which is to the effect, that no man who
indorsed the Helper book is fit to be Speaker of
this House, and yet that gentleman, with all his
expressions of anxiety to have this House organ-
ized, has with others contributed to embarrass
action on that resolution of mine by the Repre-
sentatives of the people assembled here. It comes,
therefore, with a bad grace from the gentleman
to pretend to the House that he will meet before
the country what he has been afraid to meet upon
this floor. I say to that gentleman and to the
Republican party, that no vote can be taken upon
the plurality rule 111 any form or .shape, unless it
is forced on by power of numbers, until a vote has
been taken on my resolution. I intend in every
way to prevent the' vote being taken upon that
plurality rule until there has been a vote of the
House on my resolution; until I can get the Rep-
resentatives of the people to say whether or not a
man who indorses a book which recommends
civil war, bloodshed, rapine, and every crime dis-
graceful to our species, against fifteen States of
this Union, whose property is sought to be taken
and their fnesides invaded,—whether sucli a man
is or is not fit to be Speaker of thia House?
This is a matter which strikes at the foundation
of the Government, and which threatens the lib-
erty, the lives, and the property of those whom I
represent upon this floor. No man is fit to pre-
side over the deliberations of the Representatives
of the American people who says that any one
section i§ not entitled to its constitutional guaran-
tees ; no man ought to be Speaker who makes that
declaration, when his first act before proceeding
to the discharge of his duties is to swear to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentlemen
of the other side of the House have attempted to
embarrass action upon my resolution. If they
think that a man who indorsed the Helper book
and recommended its circulation—who indorsed
its incendiary doctrines—is a ht man to preside
over our deliberations, let them, as honest men,
come up and say so by their votes; but if they
believe, on the contrary, that such a man is unfit
to be Speaker, it is due to the country, to the con-
stituency of every man upon this floor, that they
should so vote, honestly and fairly, and not by
legislative machinery evade committing them-
selves in the matter.
Mr. STANTON. There is no indisposition
on the part of the members upon this sideof the
House to vote on the gentleman's resolution!
We are ready to vote on it now; but we wilt Vote
on the resolutions and questions before the Housq
in the order in which they now are; we are ready
to go right straight along voting on every ques-
tion as it comes up. , ;
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I understand that.
There are two or three questions to be voted on
then—among them the plurality rule—before the
vote is taken oil my resolution. I say that, if they
attempt to vote on the plurality rule, or any other
question, before voting on my resolution, they
will stand before the country asdudgirig the ques-
tion—as afraid to meet it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, I do not
agree at all with the remark of the gentleman •
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton;] andlwould nothave
risen if it had come from the ether side of the
House. I do not agree at all with the opinion
entertained by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I know that you
do not; sone of your set do.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I want to
state my position, and I will state it fairly. The
first question that can be taken, if any, is upon
in y question of order; that is, whether the gentle-
man s resolution, or any other resolution, is in
order until the organization of the House ? I in-
sist that, when we enme to vote, that is the ques-
tion which must take precedence of any other. I
do not know whether we will over roach it; but,^
when we come to vote, we must first settle that
question of order. My friend front Missouri and
my friend from Ohio must see it; and to talk about
the resolutions in the order in which they stand,
is to say that we shall override the point of order.
The position which I have taken, and which I
maintain, is, that nothing is in order but to pro-
ceed to the election of Speaker, or to adjourn.
That point of order is the real questionbef<?re the
House. If that is voted down, I shall submit with
pleasure to vote upon the plurality rule.
Mr. STANTON. In what does the gentleman
differ with me ? He seems to present to the House
that wo differ about something—I do not appre-
hend what.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I may have
misunderstood the gentleman.
Mr. STANTON. I stated that I was prepared
to go to the Clerk's table and take up the ques-
tions there in their order, and that there was no
reluctance upon our part to vote upon the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri when it came
up in its turn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, The gen-
tleman means the regular order?
Mr. STANTON. I mean in their parliament-
ary order.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. And in that way
avoid a vote on my resolution. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, whose age and talents and
distinction I fully appreciate, has taken the only
sensible view which could be taken at the time,
and that is that it was out of order to vote on any
resolution except for Speaker. The House voted
on that objection, and overruled it.
Several'Members. No; it has not been voted
on.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. My ob-
jection has not been decided.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. My resolution
was objected to; but it was introduced.
Mr. GROW. A motion was made to lay it
upon the table, and the vote was taken on that.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No vote
has been taken on my point of order.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I was proceeding
to say, when interrupted, that these men have
endeavored, from the time my resolution was in-
troduced, to avoid a vote on it. But, sir, the pub-
lic have got the resolution; and they have com-
mented upon it. Many of the gentlemen of the
Republican side have disclaimed the sentiments
contained in that book. Some of them have done
it fully and patriotically; and they are entitled to
credit for ha/ing done so. I intend that the coun-
try shall know, if I can have the matter presented,
what gentleman it is whom the other side seek to
make Speaker of this House. He is one of those
who have indorsed the Helper book; one of those
who recommend non-slaveholders not to speak to
us who are slaveholders, not to worship with us,
not to associate with us—in every way to declare
