1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27.
from the place, at least one half of our best citizcns, who
ate now struggibigon against want and adversity, onl}- sus-
tained by a hope of the future.
The bill also cuts down fmr estimates for repairs and im-
provements (all or winch are necessary) from .$81,000 to
$65,500; Uie loss of which will he seriously feit here, as
evmy dollar expended lor legitimate purport bring* cor-
responding prosperity to the place and community, by em-
ploying its citizens. The new.* has aheady transpired, and,
like the pestilential breath ot the simoon ot the deseit, its
withering influence is acting upon the hearts of the people,
crucifying all future hope, and filling their minds with anx-
iety and fear.
ftow., in the very midst of a struggle arising ft om the same
cau*e, and only sustained thus tar by the hope that time
might bring briglitei days and better tilings, this last blow
falls with a stunning weight upon them, crushing out the
last Idea of prosperity. I would, therel'oie, m the name
of our common country hi want oj arm?; in the name of
the State you represent; in the numeoi'tlie good people of
this place, youi own constituents; m the name of the down
trodderr and toil-worn mechanic*, who only asks lot work to
sustain with honor, by the labor of his hands, lus otIVpiing
and himself; in the name ot humanity, and m the namcoi
Almighty God, implore you, as our Representative, to avert
this great evil, that, like a dark cloud, now ovei*hado\v 
us, threatening.to involve us m utter lum.
rut forth every effort and every fincrgj of youi natme to
"save, or we ptrivA," is the prayer ot tins community and
the ardent appeal of youi friend and obedient servant,
A. M. HALL,
■Master Jlrtnorer at Harper's Ferry.
Hon. A. R Botelkr.
Mr. BOTELER. Iam very confident,Mr. Chair-
man, that no one doubts, can doubt, the sincerity
of that appeal; and when I inform the committee
that it comes from the master armorer, who is us
competent as any man in the world to .state the
wants of the armory, and whose interests arc, 1
believe, disconnected now with Harper's Ferry,
(for he has been placed at the head of thearmory
about to be put m operation by the State of Vir-
ginia,) I trust that it will be received as worthy of
the consideration it unquestionably deserves.
The amount proposed to be appiopriated tins
year for the manufacture of onus, ho far as Har-
per's Ferry is concerned, will carry on the work
there for hut seven months; leaving the remain-
ing five months of the yeai utterly unprovided for.
These armories weie established under the auspi-
ces of the Administration ofGeorge Washington.
They June received the fostering care of every ad-
ministration from that period to tins. They have
been liberally sustained by every Congress since
thou iti st establishment; and now, at a time when
We need to huve the manufacture of arms not only
encouraged, hut increased, it is proposed to strike
them down and complete the wotk nfruin he^un
by the last Congress; and i earnestly beg that
this threatened disaster may be averted. I ask for
a vote on my amendment, nnd trust the commit-
tee will adopt it, and thus avert the disastrous con-
sequent es which will result fioin this inadequate
appropriation i.-poited from ihe Committee of
Ways and .Me.m.s.
Mr. L'lTI U'jRlOGK. i would ask the genile-
man from Vienna if he is informed us" to the
amount, estimated foi the last fiscal year; nnd if
this is the same amount, which was appropriated
for last year;
Mr. UUTLiLER. I will say to the gentleman
that ihe Department last year recommended an
appropriation of $200,0 00 each, iur the armories
at SmrngfieUl and Harper's hYwy. The House
c.utdown tlieappropi iatum $75,UQ0 each, making
the appropriation $250,000. Tins year the Sec-
retary of Win-, in his annual report, not wishing
to be treated as he was last year, and to luwehis
estimate euhlow n ,1ms anticipated what bethought
might possibly be the action of tins House, and
recommended an appropriation of $1:25,000 for
each armory: although J am w ell assured, and he
is w< il assured, i hat * ;20U, 00(1 for each is necessary.
Mr. ET1IEPJUUE. I hope tlie cuimmtlee will
not concur in the amendment pioposcd by tlie
gentleman from Virginia, i appivcnitetlie wa'unth
with which he presses it; because ins constitiu nts,
perhaps, feel some immediate interest in ihe ap- ,
propriation, f believe one of the armoncs is sit- :
uutou in the district which the gentleman ropre- \
sents. But if ihe appropriation were reduced to ■
one half the amount already provided for in tin; :
bill, 1 should prefer it to the present amount; and
my reason in simply tins: I do not thiuk that if
is the policy, or ought to be the policy, of Con-
gress at tins time to give additional encourage- i
ment to the manufacture of arms. If we do so, |
wc must proceed upon the hypothesis that we arc |
expecting, or have good cause to apprehend dif- !
ficuUiesof some kind, eithenn the distance or near I
at hand. For my own part, I believe that we are
just entering upon a season of profound peace;
and that during tlie next ten years, perhaps, not
a hostile gun will or ought to be heard within our
borders, or within a marine league of our sea-
board. Certainly, if wise counsels are permitted
to prevail, it will be so. That is my opinion; aud
I think that all our appropriations, and all our
legislation at this time, ought to be upon the idea
that we arc to have peace.
Now, I know that grent efforts are too often
made throughout the country to manufacture and
encourage what is called the military spirit of the
people. Well, sir, I do not believe there is any
necessity for fomenting or encouraging a military
furor among the people, nordo I think that there
is anything in our foreign relations which, in
proper hands, need cause us to appiehend a dis-
turbance of the peace of the country, or which
should lead us to believe that we shall have any
necessaryuse for these firearms for perhaps many
years. The achievements in the Gulf the other
day show, it is true, that under very slight pre-
texts the public peace may be jeoparded; and I
havo thought that our Army and Wavy, however
small, if well armed, and sent roving about m
every direction, will be very apt to provoke an
occasional difficulty. But such events are not apt
to precipitate us into any veiy serious or pro-
tracted trouble* Diplomacy is always more rea-
sonable, if not more effective, when backed by
small armaments. With an effective military estab-
lishment, we are too apt to seek something for it
to do. 1 thmk we have plenty of arms to "defend
our Indian frontier, and that it is not right or rea-
sonable to anticipate that duiing the next few
years we shall be engaged m difficulties which will
lequire a large expenditure of money in the man-
ufacture of arms. 1 do not know wilh any pre-
cision what quantity of arms have been manufac-
tured within the last few years; but 1 suppose
these establishments for making- faneygnns have
been m very active operation for the last twenty-
live or thirty years, and 1 have heard it intimated
that, of all the hard places in the world in which
to make a political impression pending an elec-
tion, the hardest is found in these sections of the
country where these armories are located. These
appropriations have been kept up for a number of
years,and t behove it has been customary,at the
end of every few years, foi the Government to sell
outall the arms they have made to George Law,or
somebody else, and generally at wry low figures.
Now, i\u my own part, I thmk the niterestsof
the ^country would not be much imolveU if we
were tt) conclude, for the present, to withhold all
iippropria"t>ii:', except sufficient to keep tlie guns
aheady manufactured m good order, and to pre-
vent mtiuders from breaking in upon the armo-
ries. That is my judgment. 1 know it has always
been customary, and regarded as imperatively
necessary, to make these appropriations. I ad-
mit that there is always a sort of warlike feel-
ing in the country, especially among the young
men and boys—Young America—which would be
gratified with the manufacture and use of these
lire-arms—these rifles and other fancy guns that
kill a Camanche, as we are informed, at tlie dis-
tance of half a mile or more; but we have no ne-
. esaity for them now, except it be on the frontiers
of the West; and if m return for the large appro-
priations heretofore made, these armories have
not already supplied the Government with arms
enough for that purpose, it seems to me that it is
high time to limit or put a stop to the whole busi-
ness. 1 repeat, we have no immediate use for
arms, except for the protection of our frontier.
If we were to have a difficulty with a great military
Powei—which 1 do not apprehend, if common
sense controls our diplomacy—we might, it is true,
have to arm our military to some extent, after the
commencement of hostilities; but under our sys-
tem, we would likewise'have to raise armies af-
terwaid; and the resources of a fine people will
always be found fully adequate to such emergen-
cies—much gieater,m a protracted struggle, than
any people who for years have been heavily taxed |
to maintain large armaments and armies, to vin-
dicate the maxim, that m peace we must prepare
for wa)'. %
I will not propose to reduce the appropriation
submitted by the Committee of Ways*and Means;
hut I trust the House will not be willing to in-
crease it, particularly after the gentleman from
Virginia has admitted that the reduction in the
estimates was made at the instance of the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. BGTELER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is probably aware that the chief of ord-
nance has under his special supervision these
armories. The ordnance bureau, I am assured
by its distinguished chief, desires to ha\ e $400,000
appropriated, for the manufacture of arms at
these national armories. He so recommended to
the Secretary of War: but his recommendation
came back to his office amended—reduced to
$250,000—and was so reported by the Secretary
of the Treasury to this House. That was not
done becausc the Secretary of War did not believe
the amount originally proposed by the chief of
the ordnance bureau was necessary; but because
the House last year treated his recommendation
for a similar sum with disrespect, as he conceived,
because they disregarded it, and cut down the.
amount to $250,000. I think he was mistaken in
his view of the matter. He was probably over
sensitive on the subject; but he conceived that the
legislation of last year was an instruction to him
in his estimates for this year, and he therefore
reduced the amount proposed by Colonel Craig,
making it the same as it was last year.
Now, wheu I tell the gentleman that the arm-
ory cannot be maintained through the entire year
upon the sum which is proposed in this bill, he
ought not to refuse'his vote for restoring the sum
to the amount previously appropriated for our
armory, unless he is in favor of discontinuing the
manufacture of guns altogether. And then there
will be b#t one further step, and that is to raze
the armories to the ground, to take this property,
for which the gentleman has expended $5,000,000,
within the last sixty years, in its construction and
m the various improvements that have been made,
then scatter its materials to the four winds of
heaven, and let its laborers find employment else-
where, if they can.
Whenever the gentleman begius to preach the
doctrine that there is no necessity for the main-
tenance of armories ana the maintenance of an
army for the preservation of peace, I say to him
that he should begin to preach that doctrine to
foreign nations, and get them first to act upon
it; after which it will be soon enough for this
House and this Government to take the advice
of the honorable gentleman. But when we see
all nations arming themselves; when their inge-
nuity is taxed to its utmost to bring into effective
operation every impiovement in the art of gun-
nery; when we know how much of envy, hatred,
jealousy, and all uneharitableness fills the hearts
ot foreign despots, who look with an evil eye
upon the land we live in and the land we love;
when we see brawls festering to rebellion on our
borders, and actual hostilities now existing upon
our southern frontiers, I think, sir, this is not the
time for gentlemen to begin to talk of crippling,
much less of abolishing, our national armories,
and submitting to the insults and aggressions
that may be made upon us. The only way to
secure peace is to prepare for war, and the only
way to prepare for war is to keep up with the
improvements that may be made in arms, and to
keep our national armories well sustained by ade-
quate appropriations, by which a constant supply
of effective weapons may be kept in readiness for
any and every emergencv.
Mr. ETHER1DGE. I suppose we are now
acting under the rule which limits debate to five
minutes, and therefore I do not know that I will
be permitted to make any remarks m reply to the
gentleman from Virginia; but if permitted by the
committee, I will say, m answer to the remarks
of my fuend from Virginia, that, .so far as keep-
ing up a standing army, and embarking in these
immense warlike preparations is concerned, sim-
ply because other nations are pursuing such a
course, I do not think we should sock to imitate
such examples. I think that our safety and in-
terests are to be found in our geographical posi-
tion, m the character of our institutions, and the
habits of our people. We cannot overlook the
great fact that we embrace the whole temperate
region of North America. We do not go so far
south as to penetrate the torrid regions, where the
chmatc alone enervates the race; nor do wc stretch
so far north as to embraec the frozen regions,
where mankind is dwarfed by winters indescrib-
ably protracted and severe. Another element of
