372
-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
non-fellowship with us. If there be any Ameri-
can, or any w hig, or any man outside of the Re-
publican party, "who is willing to vote for such a
man for Speaker, I want the country to know it.
I do not desire to detain the House long; but I
beg leave to say, in this connection, that gentle-
men mistake the feelings of all our constituents at
the South. Our non-slaveholders are not Aboli-
tionists. They are no sympathizers with John
Brown. They nave a scorn and ineffable contempt
for those who take sides with traitors, who invade
a sovereign State for the purpose of destroying an
institutidn recognized by the Constitution of the
country.
My non-slaveholdmg constituents donot belong
to that class of vile Christians who pray on Sun-
day and lie and steal on Monday. They enter-
tain scorn and contempt for citizens who advise
them to have no fellowship, religious, social, or
political, with slaveholders, or who suppose they
could be induced to act in that manner. My non-
slaveholding constituents—and when I speak for
them, I believe I speak for that class in me entire
South—are a loyal, Christian, and law-abiding
people; willing to maintain the Constitution and
the laws of the respective States, and willing to
make others do likewise. I want this matter
fairly presented to the American people; and if we
are to have a Speaker from the Republican side
of the House, whose doctnncs arc at war with
the perpetuity of the Union and the peace of the
country, 1 want the people to know that they have
selected from that party, and foisted upon them by
a majority of the American Congress, a man who
has disregarded the social, religious, and political
relations of fifteen States of this Union, and has
recommended doctrines which, if followed out,
will produce civil war, conflagration, and every
evil that has ever afflicted any country. .
Mr. WINSLOW. I wish to say here, in reply
to the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, that he is correct in regard to the reasons
which induced me to make a motion for the pre-
vious question. 1 avow it openly that 1 made the
motion to cutoff the amendment the gentleman
gave notice he would oiler; and 1 beg leave to way
that J think the consequences which have fol-
lowed the remaiks he has made demonstrate that
it was the beat parliamentary course to pursue.
I speak what I do know, when 1 tell that gentle-
man that his amendment to bring in the plurality
rule as an amendment to a motion to vote for
Speaker will not pass—certainly not for a long
time—in my judgment, never, during this session
of Congress.
Mr. IllCKMAN, Do I understand the gentle-
man from North Carolina to statu that if it shall
be made, if it has not already been made, appa-
rent, or if it shall hereafter be made apparent, tluit
a majority cannot b<* had for any particular can-
didate, they do not intend to permit the adoption
of any resolution which will lead to an organiza-
tion by a plurality vote?
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 will answer that question
with great pleasure, it has never been my prac-
tice to say what I am going to do in the future.
" Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof." 1 let
the future take carc of itself. When the events
come upon me, 1 prepare for them. I give utter-
ance to no sentiments of mine upon this subject,
but I repeat what 1 think I do know, that whatever
maybe my own private opinion, there, is no day,
certainly not in a great length of time, and, in my
judgment, probably not for the whole term of this
Congress, when the plurality rule can pass this
House in this way. There may be an occasion
when that rule may be properly introduced, but
that occasion is not now. if my fuend is desir-
ous, and 1 think he is, for an organization of the
House, let me tell him that he is taking the pre-
cise steps to defeat it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have to repeat what I said
before, that under no circumstances will I abate
one jot or tittle of the ground I have now taken.
I wanted to know distinctly whether it is the in-
tention of that side of the House to persevere in
a course of conduct which must prevent an organ-
ization until the end of the session, as the gentle-
man from North Carolina seems to contemplate.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a point
of order. The previous question has been sec-
onded, and debate is out of order.
The CLERK. The Clerk would state that, under
the parliamentary law, where the previous ques*
tion has been demanded and seconded, reasons
may be assigned why the main question should
not be now put.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I then ask the
Clerk to restrict debate within the rule of parlia-
mentary law.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. One remark, and
I want the gentleman from Pennsylvania to hear
it. If the gentleman wants the plurality rule to
prevail, there is a w~ay and a time to get the voice
of this House iareference to it—I won't say hon-
orably, but fairly. It is this: come up and vote
upon my resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will you, sir, say for your
side of the House that if we consent to vote now,
Monday, or any time you please, updn your fa-
mous Helper book resolution, you will consent
immediately to a vote upon the plurality rule?
Mr. BARKSDALE. No, sir.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. No, sir. I do as
I please, and other gentlemen do as they please.
1 say to the gentleman from Ohio that 1 make no
bargain with him. I ask no favors; ail I ask of
gentlemen here is, to place themselves fairly before
the country, to maintain their own honor, and
their own pi inciples. I make no bargains. That
is my mode of legislation, and 1 expect to pursue
it as long as I am upon this floor. If gentlemen
will allow a vote upon my resolution, then, if they
want an expression of the House upon their reso-
lution, they can, m my judgment, with much more,
propriety move the plurality resolution. Until
that is done, gentlemen are informed by myself,
and by many others upon this side of the House,
that they cannot get a vote upon the plurality reso-
lution. So far as I am concerned, it shall be pre-
vented if it can be prevented, by the parliament-
ary law which governs us.
Mr. IllCKMAN. 1 desire the gentleman from
Missouri to do me justice. I stated the other day,
very distinctly, that I was perfectly willing to
reach the resolution of the gentleman from Mis-
souri; that I wanted to dispose of all these reso-
lutions, and that I did not care about the plurality
rule coining up m any particular manner, or at
any particular moment, but that I wanted to get
at it in some way. No gentleman has indicated'
a time or manner in which and by which it can
be reached, and therefore 1 am left to grope my
way to find that time and manner.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
spoke, when he had the floor, of meeting the scorn
of public, opinion. Every gentleman has to meet
his own responsibility when he returns to his con-
stituents. That is his business, not mine. It is
my duty here to preservers far as 1 can, my own
sell-respect, to represent the will of my constitu-
ents nnly, and to perform the constitutional ob-
ligations which I take upon myself as their Rep-
resentative fairly and honestly. I cannot, as a
member of this House, representing at least
twenty-five thousand free voters of this country,
maintain my sclf-iespect and return to that con-
stituency if I sit still here and permit a member of
this House to be elected to preside over the inter-
ests of my constituents who has recommended the
circulation of sentiments tending to ostracize and
put m jeopardy the lives, the liberties, and the
safety of one half of that constituency. I never
will So it, so help me God!
Mr. McKNIGHT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BURNETT. I nsc to a question of order.
I object to the gentleman yielding the floor. My
reason is this: it is now half past four o'clock,
and if we are to have a ballot I want to have it
now. I therefoie object to any further interrup-
tions. If he yield the floor he must yield it en-
tirely.
Mr. McKNIGHT. All I want to ask the gen-
tleman is, how he expects men to vote on his res-
olution about the Helper book when they have
never seen the book, as i have never seen it?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, Gentlemen who
never recommended the book are not denounced
in the resolution.
Mr. McKNIGHT. But how can we vote upon
it?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want it under-
stood here that I have much more respect for the
men who examined this book before they recom-
mended it than for those who recommended it
without seeing it. The lives and property of my
constituents are not to be jeoparded in tfiis light
way; and I could not maintain my self-respect if
I sat here with men who indorse in blank a rec-
ommendation to murder my constituents.
Mr. HILL. I do not think we shall establish
much character as a body remarkable for practi-
cability. I ask my friend from Missouri, in all
^respect, how many votes that have been cast for
John Sherman-, for Speaker of this House, does
he hope to obtain in favor of his resolution of cen-
sure? If any good could be effected by it, I should
think it a good resolution. But if he finds, as I
think he will find, every man who has voted for
Mr. Sherman, voting still on the resolution, that
he is not unworthy of the place to which they
would elevate him, of what avail will his resolu-
tion be ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I thank the gen-
tleman from Georgia for putting that question,
because it gives ine an opportunity of saying that
I do not expect a single man of those who voted
for John Sherman to vote for my resolution; but
I expect every man who did not vote for him to
vote for it. I want to have the thing brought
before the country to show that, while we cannot
harmonize in regard to the particular individual
who ought to be Speaker, there is yet a conserva-
tive feeling, yet a feeling of self-respect, yet a feel-
ing of equality between the States, and yet a re-
gard for the safety of the people, in all parties
outside of the Republican party; because, unless
that sentiment prevailed, the Union, as every gen-
tleman must know, could not be conserved. That
is what I expect.
Mr. HILL. One other question.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope the House will now
proceed to vote.
Mr. HILL. This other question. I ask my
friend whether, under any ciicumstances, he him-
self would vote for the adoption of the plurality
rule? Let him answer that. For myself, and for
those with whom I act, I think I may say that
they will not vote for the adoption of that rule.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I uever will vote
for the plurality rule so long as I consider the
Constitution the guide of my actions; and 1 hope
there is no man on this side of the House, of any
party, who will vote for it, if we sit here till dooms-
day.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope we will now take a
vote.
Messrs. Bingham and Winslow were appointed
tellers on the question, " Shall the mam question
be now put
1?he question was put; and the tellers reported
ninctv-seven in the affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that Mr.
Bocock had paired off with Mr. Oun.
Mr. MILLWARD suited that he had paired off
with Mr. Sickles.
Mr. NIXON stated that he had paired oif with
Mr. Boyce.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adam*, Allen, Thonui^ L. Ander-
son, William C. Anderson, Aveiy, Baik>daU-, Banett, Bon-
ham, Botelcr, Bouhgny, Biab>on, Bianch, Buggs, Bristow,
tf inch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Jame- Craig. Button
Craigc, Ciawford. DavuifOii, II. Winter Davi*, John G.
Davi*, Reuben David, DeJatneue, Dinnniek, Edmuud>on,
Enslif-h, Ethmdge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gaitrel!,
G-ihnei, Hamilton, Hardeman. J. Mormon Harris, John T.
Hanis, Uatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hmdman, Ilohnan, Hous-
ton. Hovvaid, Hughes. Jackson, Kent, Kunkel. Lamai,
Lnndium, Lanabee, James M Leach, Leake, Logan,
Love, Maclav, Mjjllory, Chaile* D. Martin. Elheit S. Mar-
tin, Mavnatd. mcClemand, McQueen, MeKae, Miles, Mill-
son, Mom-zomervt Laban T. Moore, Sjdenhnm Moore,
Knae N. Mou is, NeI>on, Niblack, Noell. Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Ptyor. Pugh, Gluarics, Reagan. Uiggs, Jauu\> C.
Robinson, Rutfin, itu^t, tfcott, Simms, Smpieton, William
Smith, William N. H Smith. Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, Stokes, Stout, Tayloi, Thomas, (Tndciwood, Vailan-
digbani, Vance, Webster, Whueley, Winslow, and Wiight
—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams', Adrain, Aldnch,
Alley, Ashley,Babbitt, Beale, Bingham,Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Buffinton. Builmgame, Buinham, Buiroughp, Butter-
field, Campbell. Caiey. Carter, Case, CoPax, Conklmg, Cor-
win, Covode, Cuius, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
wards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fcnton, Ferry, Foster,
Frank, Fiench, Goocb, Giaham, Grow, Guiley, Hale, Hall,
Ha«km, Helmiek, Hickman, Hoaid, liumphiey,Hutchms,
Junkin, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ken) on,
Kilgore, KiUipger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
