1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
Iioomxs, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight, McPher-
son,Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Motse, Paluier,
Pennington, Perry, Pcttit, Porter, Potter, Rico, Christopher
Kobinson, Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes,
Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train,
Tumble, Vandever, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaiader
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodrufl—105.
So the main question was ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Winslow's
motion to proceed to a ballot; and it was agreed
to.
Mr. DA.VIS, of Indiana. The time has arrived
when this House ought to be organized. The
country has become#veary and restless in conse-
quence of this lengthy and protracted struggle.
The members of this House have become weary
of it. I have voted here for five weeks, uniformly
casting my vote for an anti-Lecompton Demo-
crat, as my first choice for Speaker. I would
stand here five weeks longer if I supposed that by
doing so I could succeed in having my first choice
elected Speaker. What I propose, to say on this
occasion, Mr. Clerk, I say on my own responsi-
bility, and without consultation with any gentle-
man on this floor. It is apparent to me, and must
be apparent to the House and the country, that,
no one party standing in opposition to the Re-
publican party can get their particular favorite
elected. The Democratic party, as they call them-
selves, have been trying to elect their candidate;
but they have been thus far unsuccessful, and it
seems apparent that they cannot unite their forces.
Parties on the other side have been voting for
their candidates, and have also been unsuccessful.
The anti-Lecompton Democrats with whom I act,
and with whom I am prepared to act, have been
voting for their choice, and it is manifest thai they
cannot succeed. In view, then, of the difficulties
Jiat surround us, and as gentlemen must yield
some of their peculiar notions in order to effect an
organization of the House, I intend now, m good
faith, to present a gentleman as a candidate for
the Speakership. I shall present a man whom I
understand to be a national Democrat. I -shall
present a man whom I understand to be a con-
servative man, and for none other would I vote
under any circumstances.
Having said thus much, and indicated in these
few words my position, I present to this House
the name of "Andrew J. Hamilton, of Texas,
for Speaker. [Applause from the Democratic
benches;]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Clerk, at the
request of Mr. Bocock, I withdraw his name as
a candidate for Speaker. I am authorized by
him to say that lie is paired off for the evening,
and that if he were here he would vote for Mr.
Hamilton, of Texas, for Speaker.
[Cries of "Call the roll!"]
TWENTY-NINTH BALLOT FOB SPEAKEJI.
The House proceeded to the twenty-ninth ballot
for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 211; necessary to a choice,
106; of which—
Mr. Sherman received 303
Mr. Hamilton   
Mr. Gilmor  14
Mr. Reynolds  2
Mr. Etheridge  1
Mr. Bristow.   :  1
Mr. Taylor  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adam*, Aldrieli,
Alley, Ashley, Bahhitt, Beale, Bingliam, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, lSufliriton, Burhngame, Burnham, Burroughs, Butter-
field, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conklmg,
Corwm, Covodo, Cuitis, Dawes, Ruell, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwards, Eliot. Ely, I'arn- worth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster,
Frank, French, Gooch,Giaham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall,
Haskin, Heluuck, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchins,
■Iunkin, Francis W Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenvon,
Kilgore, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
Loomis, Lovejoy. Marston, MeKean, McKnight, McPher-
son, Mourhead, Morrill, Morse, Palmer, Pennington, Perry,
Pcttit, Porter, Pottle, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevens, William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Wade,
Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom,
Wood, and Woodrufl'.
For Mr. Hamilton—-Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
Avery, Barksdale, Barrett, Bonham, Boteler, Bouligny,
Branch, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, Jame? Craig, Burton Craige,
Crawt'oid, Davidson, John G. Davis, Iteuben Davis, De
JamettPj Dimmick, Edmunteon, English, Florence, Fouke,
Garnett, Gartrell, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hawkins,
Ilindman, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson,
Keitt, Lamar, Landrum, Larrabee, James M. I.eaeh,
Leake, Logan, Love, Maciay, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S.
Martin, Maynard, McClernand, McCiueen, McRae, Miles,
Millson, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Isaac N. M orris, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,
Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, Jliggs, James C. Hobinson, Kuifiii,
Kust, Scott, Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William
N. H.Smith, Stevenson, Jumos A. Stewart, Stout,Taylor,
Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Whlteley,
Winslow, and Wright. •
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. An-
derson, Brabson, Briggs, Bristow, H. Winter Davis, Ether-
idge, J. Morrison Harris, Hatton, Mallory, Nelson, Quarles,
Stokes, and Webster. '
For Mr. Reynolds—Messrs. Adrain and Horace F. Clark.
For Mr. Fiheridge—Mr. Gil nit-r.
For Mr. Bmtoif.'—Mr. Hill.
For Mr. Taylor—Mr. Hamilton.
During the vote,
Mr. PUGH said: Mr. Clerk, I am perfectly
willing to vote for the gentleman who has been
put in nomination by the Democratic party, if the
Americans who have voted against him will
change their votes.
Mr. HILL. That would be one against how
many ?
Mr. PUGH. I am perfectly willing to vote for
Mr. Hamilton whenever there is a reasonable
prospect of my vote producing a result. I have
been, from the beginning, perfectly willing to vote
for Mr. Boc-ock whenever there was a reasonable
prospect of my vote electing him. But as this
ballot discloses that my vote cannot produce any
final result, [a voice on the Democratic side, "It
may do so!"] I prefer to maintain the integrity
of my position and the symmetry of my record;
and 1 shall therefore cast my vote, as heretofore,
for Mr. Mc&ueen.
Mr. HILL. I think it proper to state, in re-
gard to my vote, that I have been approached by
a kind peisonal friend on the Democratic side of
the House, to sec if 1 could aid, in some degree, in
producing an organization. I do not mean to say
"approached''—for I approached them as much
as they did me—but I have conferred with them,
and am willing to do so further. But, with the
future before me, and with what has occurred here
right now, it does not occur to me that, with the
high respect which I entertain for the gentleman
voted for by the Democratic party, I would be
forwarding the great object in view by giving him
my vote. Myjudgment is to the contrary of that.
If for no other motive than mere policy, I with-
hold it from him and give it to Mr. Beistow, of
Kentucky.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. Supposing
that every Democrat in the House would have
supported the gentleman from Texas, and that
we might organize the House on a constitutional
basis, and thereby defeat the Republican nominee,
I was willing to vote for him. lprefor him to any
gentleman on the Democratic side of the House,
as I regard him to be more conservative and na-
tional, and therefore less objectionable to the
party I belong to than most gentlemen of the Dem-
ocratic party. But since Democrats are not will-
ing to vote for the nominee of their own party—
an able, distinguished gentleman—I do not con-
ceive that my voting for him will aid in the or-
ganization of the House.
I take leave to say here, that having known Mr.
Gilmer for more than twenty years, there is not
in this House, or out of it, a purer man, one of
more sterling integrity, or a more consummate
fentleman. I do not now believe he will be elected;
uthc could be at anytime if the Democratic party
would unite on him; but since he has been indi-
rectly censured here to-day, I will say that I have
never given a vote with more pleasure than that
which 1 now give. Whenever tlie Democrats will
vote as a party unitedly for Mr. Hamilton, my
vote will not be found wanting; but I now vote for
my distinguished colleague, John A. Gilmer.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. Clerk, my constituents are
indifferent about the organization of this House;
it is a result in which they do not consider them-
selves interested; but as no action which I favor,
or which they favor, is likely to be produced by
a failure to organize it, I shall not throw any ob-
stacle in the way of any movement that looks to
a final result against the other side of the House.
I do not believe that my constituents, or the peo-
ple of the State of Alabama, would be affected if
the Government were to come to a dead lock in
its operations. If the statutes which have been
passed here forthe last ten years were obliterated,
I have no idea that any man in my district would
know it or feel it, unless he saw it in the news--
papers. [Laughter.]
Sir, as the impression seems to be growing that
this condition of things is intimidating the enemy,,
pro'ducing dismay upon the other side of the House
[laughter upon the Republican benches,] and that
the develiroments here have broken the Abolition
phalanx, I entertain no' hope whatever that such
action as my people favor, is to be produced by a
disorganization of the House.
If I had it in my power, I am free to say that I
would perpetuate discord here. But I am power-
less. I have endeavored to vindicate the integrity
of my antecedents; I have held my tongue for the
reason that I did not desire to throwany obstacle
in the way of the effort to harmonize the discord-
ant elements to which the country looks to pre-
vent the subversion of tl e Government. And, sir,
right here I say, that while I consider the election
of a Speaker a result that is to be a part and par-
cel of that final action which is to come upon the
country—and I look to final action for that sort
of resistance which "is to put my people beyond
the pressure that now threatens their existence—
I will accommodate the gentlemen upon this side
of the House by yielding; and if the Americans
will unite with me in support of the gentleman
who has been put in nomination, I will vote for
him cheerfully.
As the honorable member from North Carolina
[Mr. Leach] has made his remarks directly at
me, and as newspapers representing his polities
have indicated that 1 am an obstacle in the way
of harmonious action on this side of the House,
I put myself out of that position, and I will, with
the gentleman, now say that Mr. Hamilton shall
be Speaker of this House. [Applause from the
Democratic benches.] In accordance with the
honorable gentleman's suggestion, believing that
Mr. Hamilton is a true man—he is a native of
my State, and he lives in a State to the coopera-
tion of which we look for final action in resisting
a result which I believe is inevitable—believing
that he possesses sufficient spiritand manhood to
resist any aggression upon the rights of his con-
stituency, and for the purpose of producing har-
mony in this movement, having no idea that it is
to have any effect—that it is to check the progress
of abolitionism in this country—to accommodate
gentlemen upon this side of the House, I cast my
vote for Mr. Hamilton. [Applause on the Dem-
ocratic benches.]
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I ask that
my vote be changed from Mr. Gilmer to Mr.
Hamilton. [Applause from the Democratic
benches.]
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
And, on motion of Mr. WINSLOW, (at fif-
teen minutes to six o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 9, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. P. D. Gurley,
D. D."
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
Mr. Seward appeared in his seat to-day.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of the
Provident Association of Clerks, praying an
amendment of their charter; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of P. E. Hassler,
administrator of the late F. R. Hassler, Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey, and of the works
for the construction of standards of weight and
measure, praying remuneration for losses and ex-
penses incurred by his father; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
, Mr. DAVIS presented additional papers in re-
lation to the claim of Colonel William Gates, of
the Army; which, with his petition and papers,
on the files of the Senate, were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Joseph Ker-
win, an inmate of the Soldiers' Home, who was
wounded in the Mpxican war, praying an increase
of pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of Annie
