THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
agreed to the amendment striking out "forty51
and inserting "twenty-five."
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is upon the amendment striking out *'forty "
and inserting "twenty-five."
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an-
other amendment pending to the joint resolution,
which will be read—an amendment proposed by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
The Secretary read the amendment; which was
to strike out, " this resolution shall take effect
from the passage thereof," and insert:
That tho printing executed during the present Congress,
for the two Houses of Congress and the Executive Depart-
ments fchali be paid for at the rates allowed by Una joint
resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I offered that amend-
ment, I withdraw it if I can do so; because I think
the only chance is to adopt the resolution as it
passed the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is wiihdiawn; and the question is on order-
ing the resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, was read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senator will give way until I can make a report
which it will not take five minutes to dispose of.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to reports
being made if they do not consume time, and I
can retain my motion before the Senate. Other-
wise, I must object.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to make a report in
reply to a message of the President, which was
referred to a committee to-day—a report that
ought to be acted on.
Mr. MASON. I think it better to adhere to
my motion;and when we come out of executive
session, gentlemen can make their reports.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 25, noes 19;
and, after some time spent in the consideration of
executive business, the doors were reopened.
CALIFORNIA MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. YULEE. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom wasieferred the
message of the President of the United States,
have directed me to report a joint resolution (S.
No. 47) providing for the transportation of the
mail between the Atlantic and Pacific States. I
report, by the direction of the committee, tln.s joint
resolution, which provides for temporary service
for a period not exceeding two years, but it can
be made one year, if the Senate prefer. I ask,
as the only means for providing for the California
mails, the contract for which has now expired,
that the Senate will allow the resolution to be
passed, in order that it may be in a condition for
action by the House on Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The joint resolution will be read
for information.
The joint resolution was read the first time,
and passed to a second reading. It jttoposcs to
authorize the Postmaster General to contract for
the transportation, semi-monthly or tri-monthly,
in twenty-two days, of a steamer mail, including
all the printed matter and franked documents,
between the Atlantic and Pacific States, by steam-
ships, by the nearest and most expeditious route,
at a cost not exceeding 0400,000 per annum, the
contract to be limited to a period not exceeding
two years.
Mr. RICE. I object to its consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution cannot be read the 'second time to-day,
objection being made.
ELIZABETH SMITH.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 337) for the relief of Eliza-
206
TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 1860.
New Series.....No. 206.
beth Smith, of Coffee county, Tennessee, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and to recommend its passage. I hope the
Senate will put it on its pasaage now. There is
no objection to it.
Mr. WILSON. We have been told that the
President would sign none of these private bills;
and bills have been kept back that nobody could
object to, because we did not want to risk them, j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will say to j
the Senator from Massachusetts that this is a :
House bill, and a hard case; and there is no diffi- j
culty about it. As the President has got in the
way of vetoing bills, let him pocket it if he will, j
Mr. WILSON. I shall not oppose it, but I
will say this: we have been prevented to-day,
when we had time, from passing several bills of
the same character that have passed the Hcfuse
of Representatives, because we were told the
President would not sign them.
Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I trust the
Senator will allow this to be passed.
Mr. WILSON. I shall not object.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee! It is the first
thins; of the kind I have asked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There being
no objection, the bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KING. Let the bill be read.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes to
direct a land warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of land to be issued to Elizabeth Smith, wife
of Joseph B. Smith,of Coffee county, Tennessee,
for services rendered in the Army during the war
with Mexico by her father, Colonel Archibald
Yell, of Arkansas.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a thiid reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CALVIN REED.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senate to take up
a bill to which I have before endeavored to call
their attention—Senate bill No. 432, for the relief
of Chandler S. Emory, sole surviving adminis-
trator of Calvin Reed, of Duval county, Florida.
Mr. MASON. 1 thought there was some public
business to be attended to; but as I find that there
is none, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 19.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is to take up the bill indicated
by the Senator from Florida.
Mr. IVERSON. Before the question is taken,
I beg leave to explain the character of the lull.
Mr. MALLORY. I did it before, but the Sen-
ate did not listen on the former occasion. It is a i
bill reported unanimously from the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. IVERSON. My voice is stronger than
yours.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well; go on.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust the Senate will hear
me. Some time during the Florida war, the S« m-
mole war, an officer in command of troops down
theie purchased of Calvin Reed some pine trees ;
for the puipose of building a fortification, for j
which he was to give so much per tree. Tho quar- j
tormaster, however, went out of office, and before j
he gave a certificate of the amount Mr. Reed died, j
Emory became his administrator, and has peti- |
tioned Congress for the amount. It is some seven
hundred dollars. The trees were delivered on the
ground. The reason why the money has not been
heretofore paid by the Department is, that the
certificate of the quartermaster was gnen after
he wont out of office; but he has now proved the
facts by his affidavit, and it is proved by the rec-
ords of the Land Office that tho land from which
the trees were taken belonged to Reed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Georgia if it is a case stand-
ing on any better footing than the other forty bills
from the House.
Mr. IVERSON. This is not a House bill; it
is a Senate bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then what are you going
to make by passing a Senate private bill here to-
night?
Mr. IVERSON. I did not move to take it up.
The Senator from Florida moved it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the Senator fr.om
Georgia was insisting, some time ago, that if any
private business was done we should treat ail
alike.
Mr. MALLORY. We could pass this bill
while we are talking about it.
The question being put upon the motion to take
up the bill, there were, on a division—ayes 15,
noes 18: no quorum voting,
Mr. FESSENDEN. i move that the Senate
adjourn. *
The motion was agreed to-—ayes 21, noes 17;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June S3, 1860.
The House metateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speakersigned the same:
An act(H. R. No. 339) making.appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861;
An act (S. No. 199) to authorize the location
of certain warrants for bounty lands heretofore
issued; and
An act (S. No. 295) for the relief of William
B. Shubrick.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by James Buchanan, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that he had
approved and signed bills of the following titles;
An act (H. R. No. 500) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June,1861;
An act (H. R. No. 847) authorizing a loan'and
providing for the redemption of Treasury notes;
An act (H. It. No. 424) for the relief of con-
gressional township six south, of range eight
west, in Randolph county, State of Illinois;
An act (H. 11. No. 238) for the relief of Robert
Johnson;
An act (H. R. No. 189) foivthe relief of the legal
representatives of the estate of Charles H.Mason;
An act (H. R. No. 328) for the relief of Peay
& Ayhffe;
An act (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Eben
S. Hanscomb:
An act (H. R. No 240) for the relief of Cassius
M. Clay;
An act (II. R. No. 395) for the relief of Chaun-
cey W. Fuller;
An act (H. R. No. 543) for the relief of Mar-
garet Whitehfv.d;
An act (H. It. No. 423) for the relief of Philip
B. Holmes and William Pedrich;
An act (H. It. No. 195) to confirm certain pri-
vate land claims in the Territory of New Mexico;
An act (Ii. R. No. 118) to confiim certain pri-
vate land claims in the State of Missouri;
An act (H. It. No. 44) confirming certain land
entries under the third section of the act of 3d
March, 1855, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
duriiig (he fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1856;"
An act (H. R. No. 715) to establish a mail six
times a week from Sacramento, in California, to
Olympia, in the Territory of Washington;
An act (H. It. No. 804) providing for the pun-
ishment of marshals and deputy marshals of the
United States, or other ministerial officers, for
permitting the escape of prisoners in their custody;
and
An act (H. R. No. 305) making appropriations
