1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
lifty thousand arms of the ncwand only admissi-
ble model—I mean the rifle musket—so famous,
the world over, as (he Minic musket. I submit,
therefore, to honorable gentlemen, that the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of "War last year was
justified, and abundantly so, by the exigencies of
the service. And if it was so then, it is much
more so now. If there were §400,000 deemed
necessary last year, upon the most economical
calculation, for recruiting the supply of the only
infentry arm which we should trust to soldiers
whom we did not wish to tempt to their ruin, is
not the demand by the mere cfFect of that untimely
reduction increased instead of diminished, for an
appropriation oven beyond that recommended by
the Secretary of War last year*
Now I know that this is a season of retrench-
ment. Retrenchment is the cry, and it is a delicate
matter to suggest an increase when the estimates
from the Departments do not sifWest it. But if
an official sanction is all that is wanted, it would re-
quire butn brief reference to documents which have
proceeded for the last two or three years ft om the
office of the Secretary of "War, to make it suffi-
ciently apparent that the increase, agreeable to
the suggestion of the gentleman from the Harper's
Ferry'distnct, is needed, and that it will be an act
of unprecedented delinquency not to give the mat-
ter a fair consideration at this time.
Mr. FLORENCE obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to give way, that I may sub-
mit a motion that the committee rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. I yield for thot purpose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the com-
mittee do now i ise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the committee will
not rise until they get have got through with this
bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would not yield to the
motion to rise if 1 believed we could get through
this bill this evening.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly i osp ;nnd the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally undercon-
sideration,and particularly a bill (II. H' No. 305)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for tne year ending 30th June, 1801, and
had comn to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 movoth.it ihn House do
now adjourn.
PIOIWON.W, l<\*PLAN ATION .
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to Know of the grn-
tleman from Indiana {Mr. Kiu.oun] how if hap-
pens that his answer to my question yesterday
does not appear in the Globe to-day.
Mr. K1LUORE. I iiave asked the same ques-
tion.
Mr. H1IRNETT, What was the nnswor to
my question yesterday?
Mr. KILGORE. U was, that I would repoit
tt bill, with the permission of the committee, at an
early day, for the gradual emancipation of slavery
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman has modified
his answer*, but it will suit my purpose.
Mr. KILGORE. 1 will say to the gentleman,
that the committee has been changed lately, and
I may not be able to obtain the consent of the
majoj ity uf the committer to icpoi t the bill. Will
the ge f lenian from Kentucky, who ;s also a mem-
ber of that committee, vote to give me an oppor-
tunity to report such a bill ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that (he House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. I had the floor, and only
yielded it to the gentleman from Indiana. The
gentleman from Indiana undertakes to avoid the
position winch he took yesterday.
Mr. GROW. This debate is all out of order.
Mr. BURNETT. Theobjcctio n comes too late.
Til'1 position of tli',' fruntieman yesterday was, that
li<? hud had referred to him a petition asking for
the abolition of slavery in tin; District of Colum-
bia. I propounded the question to him—for he
had announced that he believed Congress pos-
sessed the power, and that he was in favor of it—
if that was ins purpose, why he did not report
from that committee a bill for the abolition of sla-
yixy in the District of Columbia ? And I under-
stood his answer to be, that he would do so at an
early day.
Mr. KILGOUE. Yes, sir:
And then, on motion of Mr. FLORENCE, (at
forty-five minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 28, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
.EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication:
Skcrktahy's On-iei;, Territory of Mew Mexico,
Santa Ff:, Fcl/iiumj 13, I860.
Sir : hi compliance with a duty imposed on me, I have
the honor to ioi ward j oa, undei joint cover, ceitain memo-
rials and joint resolutions of the Legislative Assembly of
tin* Territory, to wit:
I. Memorial for payment of certain militiamen called into
sciviec against the Apache Indians, by acting Governor
William S. Messervey, A. I). 1854; passed 1857-58.
% Memorial lor the payment of volunteers, under Major
Ramon Luna, organized under orders No. 22, (^Colonel E.
\V B. NewbyV,) ; pas:ed 1^57-38
a. Pieamble and joint icsolutious avium? for the payment
of militiamen and volunteers aJorooaul; parsed lH5rf-59.
4. Memorial unking for the payment of nnhtiumen and
volunteeis aforoaid; parsed 1^5U-G0.
Veiy iespeettull>, your obedient >eivant,
A. M. JACKSON,
Secretary of Territory oj Nc<.u Mexico.
To the Honorable President of the Senate, and Congress of
the United Stnta.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the communication
was ordered to lie on thu table, and he punted.
PETITIONS AND MUMOIUALS,
Mr. BIGLER presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade of Philadelphia, puiying that the h'gal
bonndmiesof the poit of Philadelphia be extended;
which was refened to tiic Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. NICHOLSON" presented the memorial of
Cornelius Wendell, praying Congress to establish
a public printing office; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. LANE presented a memorial of Francis
R Sehaeffer, a military storekeeper, praying to
he allowed the same extra pay as was allowed to
other officers of the same rank, serving m Cali-
fornia and Oregon; which was icfeired to the
Committee on Military Allans and Militia.
Mi. LATi L\M pr< denied the menioiial of
Steele, in lefeirnco to the bettor management of
tie- Indian") in California; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
.fames Glynn, u captain in the Navy, praying re-
muneration for expenses and losses incurred by
him while performing the duties of a purser in
addition to those of commanding officer; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING presented the proceedings of a meet-
ing held in the village ofGenoseo, New York, in
favor of the passage of the homestead bill sent
to the Senate by the House of Representatives;
which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. FITCH presented a petition of Henry
Weils and others, praying the establishment of a
weekly mail fmm Crown Point to Dyer Station,
m Indiana; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of Pat-
rick Ciuigley, praying compensation for services
an United States depositary for public money;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented papers in relation
to the claim of M. K. Simons, a soldier in the
late war with Mexico, to a pension; which, with
his petition and papers on tlie files of the Senate
relating to the claim, were referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. OOOL1TTLE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Watertown, Wisconsin, praying the en-
actment of a uniform bankrupt law; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Northumberland county, Pennsylvania,
praying a modification of the tariff; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Zepheniah
Knapp, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. *
He also presented the petition of Adam Huter
and others, praying that bounty land may be
granted to the heirs of the militia of the Indian
wars and of that of 1812, who, if living, would
be entitled to the same; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of H.
P. Leslie, a carpenter in the United States Navy,
praying for a pension in consideration of a seri-
ous injury received in the line of his duty; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented additional papers in
suppoitof the claim of Catharine Wilkey, daugh-
ter of Joseph Paine, to compensation for services
rendered by her father in the revolutionary war;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas O. and Eel ward O.
Smith, piaying compensation tor supplies furnished to em-
igrants on the loute to Cahunma, on the files of the Senate,
be icfeired to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. TEN EYCK, it was
Ordered, That the heirs ©f John Vrcelrmd have leave to
withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. FITCH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Savers, on the
tile? of the Senate, be leferred to the Committee on Claims-
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of George W.
Flood, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 present the memorial
of the Great Falls Manufacturing Company, re-
lating to their rights in the water of the Potomac
river, praying for the appointment of a jointcom-
mittee from both Houses of Congress, consisting
of three from each body, to take into considera-
tion the facts stated in the memorial and to report
in relation thereto. I ask that the memorial be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of rfmerira in Congress assembled:
Your memotialists, the Great FalH Manufacturing Com-
pany, represent that they are the owners* ot lands oil both
sides ot the Potomac nver at the Gieat Falls and that they
have obtained ehartcisirnm the State-* of Virginia and Mary-
land tor mamiiactui nig puipo-es; and jour memorialists
fiuthei Mate that they aie theownei> olVieht hundred acies
of land on the Vntnma side :it the Gieat Falls, which land
contains the old locks and canal conducted under the su-
peiviMon ot Geneta! George Washington, which locks and
canal worn made t'oi the pa^.-ajje of i)oat^ up and down by
the -aid fall-.; the construction of the works at this tune
would not cost less than $1,000,000, and are so constructed
as to ucaily complete the necessary works for using the
whole uatci lor manufacturing pmpo^es at low water,
which makes them immensely valuable to the company.
And your nicmoiiahsts would further icpresent, that they
have a eaw and grist mill erected on the piemises, and aie
enlisting capitalists to ciect factories upon these works,
and do believe that they could succeed if they were not
embanasstd by the action of the General Government, or
its agents which embarrassment grows out of o giant from
the State of Maryland to the General Government to con-
demn lands in the State of Maryland for the purpose of
buildni!* an aqueduct from Georgetown to the Great Falls,
on the Potomac liver.
Jn granting the General Government the right to con-
demn lands foi the u^e of the aqueduct, the Suite of Ma-
ijland did not give the light to take the water fiom the
Potomac liver tor the u-e of the aqueduct; as it mu«t be
apparent to eveiy one that the State of Mainland does not
pos^c-s the power to linn thu Potomac uver, or any part
theieof, fiom it<natuial bed or channel, except for pur-
poses of navigation, and then it iniM be for the benefit of
it> own eituens and not for a foicign State or corporation.
But Captam Mi igs the Government*-, agent lor con-
structing and building the aqueduct, >eems to put a differ-
ent conduction upon the law of Maijland giantmg the
right to condemn laud, and lias been piocecdmg to condemn
the water, a*, well as the land, by summoning a jury in the
county ot Momgouioiy, Mai viand, toappiaise and condemn
the land aeio-s Conn's or Bishop--, Inland so called, which
inland is owned bv the company, and by so doing he cal-
culates to oiect a dam fiom Conn's island to the Virginia
elioic, to a small piece of hind winch he has purchased
l.ving above and adjoining the company's land, so that the
dam In; contemplates building would lay in a diagonal line,
partly up and down the livei ; thus the west end of the dam,
whete it joins the Virginia shore, would be about one half
mile above the east end, whiae it leaves the Maryland shoie;
and by building the dam, as contemplated by Captain Meigs,
it would turn the watei lrom the Virginia shore to the Mary-
land ihoie, and bj so doing it would depuve the company
of getting any water to be iwed on the Virginia shore,where
the works aie, and where they expect to build up a large
manufacturing town.
The construction of such a dam as contemplated by Cap-
tain Meigs would entirely destiov the company's water
power, and make it useless. Therefore, your memorialists
