2338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
' by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the special report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No 4) mak-
ing appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861, in respect to a cler-
ical omission in the eleventh amendment of the
Senate to that bill.
CALIFORNIA OVEltLAND MAIL.
Mr. GWIN. I appeal to the Senate to take up
a hill that has been before the Senate now for
more than two months, to establish the overland
mail service to California. It has been made the
special order four or five times, and has been set
aside by other business coming in. If we do not
have a bill passed to establish that service, in a
very short time it will be entirely useless, because
it is to be put in operation by the 1st of July. I
hope the Senate will take up that question and
procecd to its consideration now, so that we can
complete the business at once.
Mr- PESSENDEN. I should like to make a
report.
Mr. GWIN. I will yield for a report.
INDIAN INTJ3RCOUKSE ACT.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Financc to report buck the joint
resolution (S. No. 31) explanatory of the eighth
section of an act of Congress approved February
28, 1859. It is a resolution merely correcting
an error in a former act of Congress we passed,
to prevent that act being retrospective. I ask that
it be put on its passage at once.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It declares that the repeal, by the eighth section of
the act of February 28, 1859, of so much of the
Indian intercourse act, approved June 30, 1834, as
provides that " the United States shall make in-
demnification out of the Treasury for property
taken or destroyed in certain cases by Indians
trespassing on white men, as described in said
act, shall not be construed to destroy or impair
any right to indemnity which had vested at the
date of the repeal.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
OKDISIt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the California over-
land mail route bill.
Mr. THOMSON. Idesire to withdraw a paper.
Mr. GWIN. I am afraid that if I give up the
floor, I shall not get it again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California yield the floor?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; I want to have this bill
taken up and disposed of.
Mr. THOMSON. Perhaps the Senator will
make the application for me, as I cannot get the
floor to do it myself.
Mr. GWIN. As I stated when I made the
motion to proceed to the consideration of this
bill, it has been made a special order on four or
five different occasions. The necessity for pass-
ing the bill is immediate. If we are going to
carry the mails to the Pacific coast overland, we
must pass the bill at once; otherwise, it will have
no elfect. This bill has been before the Senate
now over two months. I have tried half a dozen
times to have action on it. I believe that we can
dispose of it in one hour. There are various prop-
ositions in regaid to it before the Senate, and I
think in an hour we can pass the bill and send it
to the House. The original House bill simply
provided for inviting proposals, and the proposals
were to be received on this very day. The Post
Office Committee acted upon it over two months
ago, and reported a substitute, which I desire now
to have passed. The members of the committee
are all anxious to discharge their duty in regard
to this question, I hope it will be taken up and
disposed of, As I have said, it has been four or
five times the special order, but has been over-
slaughed for other measures. I hope the Senate
will indulge me in taking it up now, but if there
be a common consent and general understanding
that we shall take it up after the ordinary morn-
ing business is through, I shall not interpose any
objection to that course.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to ask the Senator
from California whether he proposes to take it up
for present consideration.
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. That will interpose obstacles
to the prosecution of other business in the morn-
ing hour, which I think ought certainly not to be
displaced by the consideration of a serious ques-
tion of this sort. Besides, if we take up the over-
land mail bill now, is it only for the morning
hour? Will it only be considered during the
morning hour ? I ask that of the Chair ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. At twelve o'clock
the Chair will begin to call the Private Calendar,
unless otherwise directed by the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. Then it will not supersede
that.
Mr. HUNTER. Will not the resolutions of
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] come
up at twelve o'clock, so that we may dispose of
them? ^
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions of
the Senator from Mississippi are the unfinished
business; but by special resolution of the Senate,
to-day was set apart for the Private Calendar.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want to interfere
with the little remnant of the morning hour, but
1 give notice, that at the expiration of that hour I
shall move to postpone private bills for the pur-
pose of finishing those resolutions. It is time we
should get at the appropriation bills.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to yield the floor to me for a moment and
1 shall interpose no difficulty in his way. I desire
the Senate to take up the bill which adjudicates
on what are called the Florida claims, for the pur-
pose of making it a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California withdraw his motion?
Mr. GWIN. 1 must give way to the Senator
from Now Jersey, if 1 do to anybody.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California withdraw his motion?
Mr. GWIN. Do I lose the floor, then?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. That being the case, I cannot
give way to any mortal man. I must have the
motion put, and see whether the Senate will sus-
tain me or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the Senate take np for consideration
the bill (II. R. No. 304) inviting proposals for
carrying the entire mail between the Atlanticand
Pacific States on one line.
Tiie question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—seventeen in the affirmative.
Mr. HALE. Let us have the yeas and nays.
Mr. IVERSON. Oh, no; we will surrender.
Give it up.
Several Senators. Give it up.
Mr. HALE. Who give it up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Hampshire withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays? Does the Senator from California
give it up?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. I give it up, rather than per-
sist in opposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the negative side
give it up, the motion is agreed to.
CALIFORNIA OVEltLAND MAIL.
So the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 304)
inviting proposals for carrying the entire mail
between the Atlantic and Pacific States on one
line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill had better
be read. It has not been read.
Mr. GWIN. It is unnecessary to read the bill
of the House, which simply provided for inviting
proposals. Let the substitute reported by the
Post Office Committee be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be pursued.
The Secretary read the amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause of
the bill, and insert in lieu of it;
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby, author-
ized and directed to provide lor the transportation of the
mails twice weekly, in coaches, between St. Joseph, in
Missouri, and Placerville, in California: Provided, The
service can be obtained at an annual cost not exceeding
$462,000, and the trip can be performed in a time not ex-
ceeding twenty days.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and is hereby, further authorized and directed
to provide for the transportation of the mtuls from St. Paul,
Minnesota, via St. Cloud, and from Superior, Wisconsin,
via Crow Wing, to the Dalies, in Oregon, twice weekly:
Prodded, The service can be obtained at an annual cost not
exceeding $200,000, and the trip can be performed in a time
not exceedmgiwenty days.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
modify the contract with the contractors now performing
service on routes 1^540, 12543, and 12555, so as to provide
for the conveyance of the United States mail in ft>ur-horse
coaches, six times a week, at a schedule of <«even days,
from April 1 to December 1, and fourteen days the re-
mainder of the year, from Sacramento, via Yreka, Jack-
sonville, llo^ebury, Oakland, Eugene City, Cotvalh*, and
Salem, to Portland, Oregon, for a compensation not to ex-
ceed $100,000 per annum, the contract to expire Septem-
ber 15, 1864.
Sec. 4. And be it further enactcd, That the contracts
made for such service shall provide, first, that no compen-
sation shall be allowed tor trips not performed witlnn the
guarantied time ; second, that the contractors shall convey
on each trip, vvithm the specified time, all mail matte* de-
livered by the agents of the Department, written or printed,
upon which the rates of letter postage Is paid; thud, that
the contracts shall expire on the loth day of September,
1861.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and iie ia hereby, authorized to agree with the
contractors lor the California service now in operation
under act of 3d of March, 1857, for a transfer of the ser-
vice now p< rkumed undcrsaid contract between Memphis
and Fort Smith to the route botween San Antonio and El
Pa&o: Provided, No additional cost id incuned : And pro-
vided further, That by such change the mails between New
Oi leans and San Francisco can be transported vvithm
twenty days on each trip.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the cost of the
service authorized in thi« act, and of that now performing
under the said act of the 3d oi March, 1857, be paid by the
Secretary of the Ticasuiyupon ceitilicate of seivice fiom
the Postmaster General.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That this act shall not
go into effect, in reference to the ovetland routes, unless
the Postmaster General can piovide for the nasportation
ot the printed matter and {ranked documents, between the
Atlantic and Pacific States, at an annual expense not ex-
ceeding §150,000.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That, in all cases in
winch the contractors now performing service upon the
aforesaid loutes are willing to accept the new service,un-
der the provisions of this act, it shall be discretionary with
the Postmaster General, in view of their ability to perfoim
the setvicc, to amend their contracts to confoim to the
same, without advertisement tor proposals.
Mi\ Cr WIN. As the Senator from New Hamp-
shire intends to offer an amendment to the sub-
stitute reported by the committee, I want the
question to be first put on substituting the bill re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads for the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives, so that, when that is adopted and She
bill then before the Senate, the Senator can move
his amendment.
Mr. HALE. I believe that is so now. The
Senator has moved his amendment to the bill of
the House, to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert. I move to amend his amend-
ment by striking out all after the enacting clause,
and inserting the bill 1 send to the Chair.
Mr. GWIN. Before the amendment offered
by the Senator from New Hampshire is read, I
will merely state the substance of the amendment
offered by the committee, and then give the rea-
sons for it. I desire simply to give in detail the
reasons why the committee offer this amendment,
and then the amendment of the Senator can be
read.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Hampshire propose his amendment as
an amendment to the amendment?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. GWIN. Before that amendment is read,
I wish to give the reasons why the amendment of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
is proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire to be read. The Chair will state to
the Senator from New Hampshire, that his amend-
ment to the amendment will come in after the
first word of the amendment of the committee;
after the word " That/' for example.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Hale
to the amendment of the committee, to strike out
all after the word "That,"and insert the follow-
ing:
The Postmaster General be, and he is hereby, author-
