374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9r
D. Reeves, widow of the late Captain J. S. K.
Reeves, ofthe Army, prayingfor a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Thomas
"W. Browning and others, praying that pensions
may be granted to the surviving soldiers of the
war of 1812, and to the widows of those who have
died or may hereafter die;- which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of a com-
mittee appointed at a general meeting of the citi-
zens of Boston, in relation to the location of the
post office in that city; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr FOOT presented the memorial of' Paul
Dillingham and others, praying for a change of
the time of service of the United States courts of
Vermont-, which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
Thomas W. Browning and others, praying that
land may be granted to the heirs of those who
served in the Indian wars, or in that of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented papers in relation to the
claim of Mrs. Anne Smith, widow of the late
General Persifer P. Smith, to a pension; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BINGHAM presented the petition of A.
H. Phelps and others, of Michigan, praying that
the survivors of the war of 1812 may be placed
upon the pension roll; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mich-
igan, praying that the heirs of those engaged
in the Indianwars may be placed upon the same
footing as those engaged in the war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
Mr. TRUMBTJLL presented the petition of
Zophor B. Holeomb and others, praying that
land may be granted to the heirs of those who
served in the Indian wars, and in that of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
Mr. lVliRSON presented the petition of Wil-
liam Santlly, executor of the late Mrs. Jane M<*-
Clure, praying thai the pension to which sin- was
entitled under the act of July 7, 1838, may bo
allowed to her children; which was referred to
the Committee on Pension^.
Mr. HAUN presented the mrmoiinl of A. B.
Thompson and others, citizensof California, pray-
ing remuneration for horses, mules, cattle, pio-
visions and stores taken by officers of the Army
and Navy, in the conquest of California, in the
years 184G-47, under a promise ofpaymentforthe
same by the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Allans and Militia.
lie also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California, asking Congress to code and
donate a barren trar-f of land known as the Col-
orado Deser! (othat.State, for the purposes therein
set forth; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands,
Mr. BRAGG presented the petition of Adoni-
ram Patterson, administrator of Mrs. Ann Pat-
terson, praying to be allowed the pension due her
under the act of July 7,1838; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr.MALLORY presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Crahbe and others, clerks m the navy-yard
at Philadelphia, praying to be placed on a footing
with the cleiks of other yards in regard to pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Pie also presented additional papers in relation
to the mail line between Charleston, Savannah,
Key West, and Havana, by the steamer Isabel;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of James A.
Peden, praying to be allowed an outfit as Minis-
ter Resident near the Government of the Argon-
tine Confederation; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of the officers of
the State Government and members of the Legis-
lature of New Jersey, praying the adoption of a
system of instruction on board the United Stales
ships-of-war, for the improvement of the person-
nel of the Navy; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr DURKEE presented the petition of Mary
Featherston, widow of John Fcathcrston, late a
boatswain in the Navy, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented two memorials of citizens of
Wisconsin, praying the construction of a harbor
of refuge at the mouth of Grand river, on Lake
Michigan; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. pROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Oscar J. E. Stuart, pray-
ing that the patent law*? may be so amended that o patent
may issue to the niastei for a useful invention of his slave,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask that the memorial of
Charles G. Ridgcly, of the United States Navy,
praying remuneration for various necessary ex-
penditures incurred by him as commanding offi-
cer of the naval forccs of the United States, on
the South American station in 1820-21, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HALE. I hope that that memorial will
not go to the Committee on Foreign Relations. It
is a memorial that should appropriately be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. It is to pay a
naval officer for extraordinary expenses incurred
on a foreign station, and such matters have uni-
formly been referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and I think this case should go there
also.
Mr. KENNEDY, I have no objection myself
to that. It has been before the Committee on
Foreign Relations a great many times, and has
been passed on favorably by them. It was passed
here last year by a very largo vote. I have no
sort of objection, however, to its going to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Tim PRESIDENT pro tempore. The memorial
will bo referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the legal lepresentntives of
Charles Poitoifield, deceased, praying bounty land, com
imitation pay, and the reimbui cement of advances made for
the public M'iviee, on the liles of tire Senate, he ici'ened to
the Committee on Involutional y Clann^.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Ordered, That Ati-on Dait have leave to wuhdiaw lus
petition and papei■>.
On motion of Mi. PEARCE, it was
Ordocd, Thatthcpetitionof Ilaruet H Macomb, widow
of the late General Alexander Macomb, of the Army, pi av-
im* for a "pension, on the files ot the Senate, be refened to
Ihe Committee on Pension^.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it wad
Ordered, Thai the memonal of flodges and Lan^dale,
Pttnmj,' indemnity for piopeity deployed by the Hr.tish m
the war of liMO, on the tiles of the Senate, he reteired to
the < 'omiaitU'e on Cjamw.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That I he jn-titiou of William G. Ilidglcy, of the
Di«-titet of Columbia, pia>m<* indemnity loi tobacco d'*-
^tioyed I) v the Hriti-h in the war of IHP2, on the files of the
Senate, be teieued to the Committee on Claims
On motion of Mr. GREEN", it was
Ordered, That the petition of Elizabeth Iloiine. and the
other hen1; of Thoman Maddin, deceased, on the files of
the Senate, be leierred to the Committee on Pnvate Land
Claims.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the memonal ot the citizens oi New Jer-
sey, praymsj the adoption of a system of in^ti action on
hoard the United States ships -of-war, for the improvement
of the personnel of the Navy, on the tiles of the Senate, be
leferted lo the Committee oil Naval Allans.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTERS.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of L. W. Boggs, praying an appropii-
ation for his salary, as alcalde and judge of the
first instance under the military government of
California, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it ho referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William L. S. Bear-
ing, praying remuneration for expenses incurred
in raising- a company of volunteers for service in
Florida, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be tefeircd lo the Com-
mittee on Claims-, which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Marie Genond, solo
heir of John Hittlry, praying the reimbursement
of money advanced and expended in 1814 and
1815, by said Hudry,for the United States,asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Claims
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Bronson, for
payment for goods lost ami destroyed by the
enemy on the Niagara frontier, during the last
war, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Alexander Millar, one
of the heirs of Alexander Millar, deceased,pray-
ing remuneration for property destroyed during
the last war with Great Britain, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce the following bills;
which were read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia;
A bill (S. No. 45) to authorize the sale of pub-
lic arms to the several States and Territories, and
to regulate the appointment of superintendents of
the national armories;
A bill (S. No. 46) to prevent desertion and to
facilitate enlistment of soldiers in the Army of
the United States;
A bill (S. No. 47) to promote the efficiency of
the Army by retiring disabled or infirm officers',
and
A bill (S. No. 48) to fix the pay and regulate
the allowances of officers of the Army.
Mr GREEN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 49) to
confirm the title in a certain tract of land in the
State of Missouri to the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Thomas Maddin, deceased; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pnvate Land Claims.
TERRITORY OF NEVADA.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 4) to
organize the Tcrutory of Nevada; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. GWiN. I should have offered the bill
some time since, but that the House has not been
organized, and we were not ready for legislative
business. 1 was requested by the Delegate from
that Territory to introduce the bill some time ago,
but I have withheld it for the reason I have stated.
I now offer it fox the purpose of having it referred
to the Committee on .Territories.
It was so referred.
NOTICES OP BILLS.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to establish a Gov-
ernment printing office.
Mr. HALE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill conferring a pension on
the widow of the late General Macomb.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore announced the
appointment of Mr. IIammond as a member of
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, in the
place of Mr. Toombs, who was excused from
flutlier service on that committee.
AMERICAN STATE PAPERS,
On motion of Mr. FITCH, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House of Representatives, m relation
to the continuation of the compilation and publication of
the American State Papers, be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
CLAIMS ON MEXICO.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, by unanimouscon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resohcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to inform the Senate what amount remains m the Treasury,
unexpended, of the fund .set apart hy the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo, between the United States and Mexico, fo?
the payment of the claims of American citizens.
ISLAND OP SAX JUAN.
Mr. LANE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,and
agreed to;
llcsolrcd. That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate the official correspondence ©f Lieuten-
