3282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
for; the suppqyj, of the Army for the year ending
30th of June, 1861.
WILLIAM GATES.
Mr. McRAE. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to enter a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill (H. R. No. 107) for the relief
of William Gates, United States Army, was re-
jected yesterday.
The motion was entered, and passed over for
the present.
A. D. BONESTE23L.
Mr. LARRABEE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary ot tile Interior be lequested
to communicate to the House the report of Mr. Prichette,
who was appointed to investigate certain charges against
A. D. Bone.steei, Indian agent, together with the action of
the Department thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the resolution so as to include the report
of the counsel for the Indians.
Mr. LARRABEE. 1 do not object to that.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the President has informed the Sen-
ate that he has approved bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles:
A resolution (S. No. 36) for the restoration of
Lieutenant Augustus S. Baldwin to the active list
from the leavc-of-absence list of the Navy;
A resolution (S. No. 41) for the relief of Ar-
thur Edwards and his associates;
An act (S. No. 9) to amend an act for extend-
ing the laws and judicial system of the United
States to the State of Oregon, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (S. No. 100) for the relief of Samuel H.
Taylor;
An act (S. No. 104) for the final adjustment of
private land claims in the States of Florida, Lou-
isiana, and Missouri, and for other purposes;
An act(S. No. 190) in relation to mission claims
of Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan;
An act (S. No. 291) for the relief of Mary
Preston, widow of George Preston;
An act (S. No. 347) to declare the meaning of
the act entitled " An act making further provis-
ions for the satisfaction of Virginia land warrants,"
passed August 31, 1852;
An act(S. No. 411) to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Edward Ely, deceased, late
consul of the United States at Bombay, on prin-
ciples of equity and justice;
An act ( . No. 444) to change the time of hold-
ing courts in the northern district of Florida;
An act (S. No. 448) to carry into effect provis-
ions of the treaties between the United States and
China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries;
giving certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls, or other functionaries of the United States
in those countries, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 452) for the lelief of Sylvester
Gray;
An act (S. No. 488) in relation to malicious
injuries to, and trespasses upon, public and pri-
vate property within the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 494) amendatory of an act ap-
proved-June 14,1858, for the relief of Sherlock &
Shirley;
An act (S. No. 495) for the relief of David
Waldo;
An act (S. No. '498) to amend an act entitled j
" An act for giving effect to ccrtain treaty stipu-
lations between this and foreign Governments for
the apprehension and delivering up of certain of- \
fenders;''
An act (S. No. 500) for the relief of Lieutenant
William H. Winder, of the United States Army;
An act (S. No. 507) for the relief of the Cali-
fornia Stage Company;
An act (St No. 508) for the reiief of William
Nelson;
An act (S- No, 509) to grant to the city of Port
Huron, Michigan, a part of the military reserva-
tion of Fort Gratiot, for the enlargement of the
city cemetery of that place;
An act (S. No. 206) for the relief of Emily G.
Jones; executrix of Thomas P. Jones, deceased;
and Nancy M. Johnson, administratrix of Walter
K. Johnson, deceased; and
An act (S. No. 307) to repeal the second sec-
tion and other portions of an act passed the 2d of
June, 1858, entitled " An act to provide for the
location of certain private land claims m the State
of Missouri, and for other purposes."
That the Senate have passed, without amend-
ment, bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 848) authorizing the issue
of a register for the bng Charles II. Jordon;
An act (H. R. No, 814) providing for the erec-
tion of a post office in the city of Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 511) for th^ relief of E.
George Squier, of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 231) for the relief of Isaac
S. Smith, of Syracuse, New York; and
An act (H. 11. No. 622) to authorize notaries
public in the District of Columbia to take ac-
knowledgments of deeds of conveyance of real
and personal estate therein.
That the Senate have also passed bills of the
following titles, in which he was instructed to
ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 395) for the relief of Samuel
Worster; and
A*n act (No. 474) to provide for the payment
of the claim of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter
Bargy, jr., and Hugh Stewart.
Mr. STANTON. I now call for the regular
order of business.
,T. & K. II. PORTER AND OTHERS.
The SPEAKER, stated the regular order of
business to be on ordering the mam question on
the passage of the bid (H. R. No. 849) for tlie
relief oi* J. & R. H. Porter, J. C. Irvine & Co.,
and Charles Perry & Co.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HOARD called for tellers on the passage
of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.Hoard and
Dunn were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, noes 31.
So the hill was passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moyed to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTURED AFRICANS.
Mr. BONHAM. I desire to introduce a reso-
lution for obtaining information which 1 am sure
every gentleman will be desirous to have. 1 ask
the unanimous consent of the House to submit
the following resolution:
Resolved, That tlie President of the United States be
requested to i'mm>h toCongtess at the bsginnuijj o[ its next
tegular hebMon, all tlie mtormution m po-^c-Mon ot tliis
Government, and also all that can he obtained in the mean
time, through our consular and diplomatic agents abroad,
as to the disposition by the British Government of tlie Afri-
can* captured from slavcis by the British navy j and al-oas
to the disposition by that Government of the officers and
crews of tho^e slavcis.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read, considered, and adopted
MAINE LAND TITLES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have not sought
the floor for the purpose of asking the House at
this time to pass any bill. But there is a bill on
your Calendar, in the Committee of the Whole, in
which some of my constituents feel a deep inter-
est, and I desire that a resolution may be passed
which will enable the House to consider the bill at
the next session of Congress. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the rules of the House be suspended, and
that tlie Committee oftho Whole Ilou^e bo discharged from
the luither consideration of Senate bill No. ]9i, 'mo pio-
vide for the quieting ot certain lan^l titles m the late dis-
puted termors in tbc State of Maine, and lor other pur-
poses,''and that it he postponed to the second Ft id ay in
December next, when it may be considered in the House,
the rules bemg Mi&pended tot that put pose.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Maine that I have examined those
claims, and, in my opinion, it will be utterly im-
possible for the officers of the Government to pass
in judgment upon those claims under any law
that we may pass. They ought to go before the
Court of Claims, or some other judicial tribunal
which may examine them maturely. I venture
to say that if this bill is taken up and passed in
the House, not ten members will understand the
questions in issue, I must object to this matter
being made the special order for any particular
day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, i do not pro-
pose that it shall be made a special order at all.
I merely propose that it shall be placed in a posi-
tion where it can be propeily considered, both by
the gentleman fiom Georgia and every other gen-
tleman in the House. I desire simply to say that
this hill was reported in the Senate by the Sena-
tor from Georgia. It has twice passed the Senate
unanimously. It has passed the Committee of
Claims in this House; and I now ask that the bill
may be placed in a position where it may be con-
sidered m the House at the next session.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say to the gentle-
man from Maine that I do not care how many re-
ports may have been made in its favor, nor how
many times it may have passed the Senate. I
have examined the bill; and I object to its being
brought before the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to the consider-
ation of the bill bents; set down for any particular
day, because the previous question may be moved
and no consideration be had by anybody in the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I can assure
the gentleman from Georgia that he, and every
other gentleman who desires it, shall have a full
, opportunity of discussing the bill.
| Mr. CRAWFORD. Thegentleman from Maine
] may be dead at that time; he may have a fit; he
: may be, as is suggested to me, the Governor of
i Maine at that time; so that his assurance cannot
< insure such a consideration of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 must object to debate.
Mr. WALTON. As a member of the Com-
mittee of Claims, which reported this bill, i de-
sire to say a woid before the question is taken on
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No discus-
sion is in order upon a motion to suspend the
rules; and 1 must object to any further debate.
Mr. HOARD. As a member of the Commit-
tee of Claims, which reported this bill, I desire to
say that the report was not unanimous. The vote
on it in committee was five for H and four against it.
Mr. KEITT. I call for tellers on the motion
to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barr and
Stratton appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-one.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messr*.Charles F. Adams, Aldrieh, Alley, Beahe,
Bmgham, Francis I\ Bl.ur, Wake. Binvton, Huffinton,
Curimgame, Jiuinham, O.unpbcif, Carey. Oai-
tei. Case, Colfax, Cot win, Davidson, H. Winter Davi*,
Deiatio^Dunn,Eliot.Ely. Etheiuii?e, Feiry, Foster, Fiench,
Gilmer, Gooeh, Glow, Guiley, JIale, J. Morri.-on Hums,
JIatton, Helrmck, William Howatd, William A. Ilowaid,
Humphiey, Ilutehins-, Kenyon, Kili'mger, Lauabee, De-
Witt C. Leaeh,Loomis, Mallorv> Marston, Maynard, Mc-
Kean, MeKnight, Mooihead, Morrill, Edwaid joy Morns,
Motse, Nelson, Oim. Palmei, I'eiry, Pettit, Porter, Potter,
Pace, Chnsropliet Robinson. Itoyce, Scranton, Sedgwick,
Shennan, Spninei, Stanton, Steven*, Tappan, Thcakor,
Vandever, Van Wvck, Vetree, Wade, Walton, FJiiliu B,
Washbmne, fsiael Washburn.Webster, Wells, and Wood-
ruff—83.
NAYS—Mq^is. Allen, Avery, Barksdnlo, Bocock, Bon-
ham, P.oyce, Branch, Bri«tow. Burnett,Clopton, Cobb, Cox,
Button Craige, Ctawford, Curry, John G. Davis, Edmund-
.son, Farnswoith, Garnett, Gaitreli, John T. Ilmus,Hoard,
Houston, Hughes, Jenkins, Joi\e«, Keitt, Kil«*otP, Lan-
diuin, Jame* M. Leach, Leake, Love, "Vlaclay, Chailes D.
Mattin, McQueen, Miles Millson, Nibiaek, Pendleton,
Peyton, PhcJp*, Pi}or, Pugh, Quarle*, Hengan, Ejg??,
Buffi n, Rus>t, William Smith, William N. II. Smith, James
A. Stewart, Stokes, Taylot, Thomas,Vallandigham, Vance,
Wmslow, and Wnght—08.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not having voted therefoi.)
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. McQ,UEEN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ashmore, had been called home by a dispatch
received last evening, informing him of sickness
in his family.
Mr. PERRY said that Mr. Trimble was ab-
sent from the House m consequence of sickness
in his family.
Mr. SPINNER stated that Mr. Lee had paired
with Mr. Sickles for the remainder of the session.
Mr. LOVE stated that Mr. Underwood and
