I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Babbitt had paired for the remainder of the
session.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 848) authorizing the issue
of a register for the brig Charles H. Jordan;
An act (H. R. No. 629) to authorize notaries
public in the District of Columbia to take acknowl-
edgments of deeds of conveyance of real and per-
sonal estate therein;
An act (H. R. No. 511) for the relief of E.
George Squier, of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 231) for the relief of Isaac
S. Smith, of Syracuse, New York; and
An act (H. R. No. 814) providing forthe erec-
tion of a post office in the city of Philadelphia.
WILLIAM BURNS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 451, grant-
ing: an invalid pension to William Burns, of Ohio.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs that
William Burns, of Richland county, Ohio, first
lieutenant in Captain Flannegan's company of
Pennsylvania volunteers, in the war of 1812, be
placed on the roll of invalid pensioners, at four
dollars per month, during his natural life, com-
mencing on the 1st of January, I860.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to insert m place of
four dollars a month, seventeen dollars a month.
The pension in the bill is the pay pension of a
private, and the amendment I offer inserts the
pension which belongs to the rank of lieutenant.
It is a proper amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REISSUE OF CERTAIN LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the House to
take up the amendment of the Senate to the bill
of the House No. 807, to authorize the reissue of
land warrants in certain cases, and for other pur-
poses.
There was no objection.
The Senate amendment was read, as follows:
HlriltP out the following section :
Sec. 3 Jlnd Ic it Jurtkcr enacted, That the act enti-
tled ( Ait act to provide lor satisfying claims for bounty
lauds tor military s-emces in the late war with Great But-
ain, and for other purposes,' approved July 27, 1842, and
0I&0 the two acts approved January 27, 1835, therein and
thereby revived, shall be, and the same are hereby, revived
and continued m force fiom and altprtlio 26th day of June,
]B5d, when the same expired by limitation."
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The bill passed yes-
terday contains exactly the same provision, and
hence it is unnecessary licrc. I move that the
Senate amendment be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT GEORGE WALT(?N.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole House be discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No. 688,
for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant George
Walton.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the
Commissioner of the Genera! Land Office to in-
vestigate the claim of the heirs-at-law of Lieuten-
ant Cxeorge Walton, deceased, late of Georgia;
and if he should find they were entitled to bounty
land for revolutionary services under the laws of
Virginia, and that they failed to procure the same
for the reason that the papers which established
iheir right had been mislaid in the Pension Office,
that he issue to them a warrant or warrants for
such numb«r of acres as they may be entitled to
under the bounty land laws of Virginia.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I move to strike Out the
name of George Walton, where it occurs* and to
insert in lieu thereof the words, " Elizabeth Wal-
ton, the widow of Thomas Walton."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and road a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
Committee of the Whole House be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
825, to extend the Alexandria and Washington
railroad into the District of Columbia.
Mr. CURTIS. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move, then, that
the rules be suspended, for the purpose I Have
indicated.
The bill was read in- extenso. It authorizes the
Alexandriaand Washington Railroad Company to
extend their road from the southern terminus of
the Long Bridge, to which it is now constructed,
and to lay their track ovcrsaid bridge into Wash-
ington city, and to connect with the Washington
branch of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, at then-
depot, by Maryland avenue, Firststreet, and In-
diana avenue, the same being the route along
which the track of the Alexandriaand Washing-
ton railroad is now laid from the Long Bridge to
the Baltimore depot; and also to lay a branch
track from their road on Maryland avenue along
Seventh street, as far as the Washington city
canal, and to operate the same with horse power
and city railroad cars; and it lequires said com-
pany, at their own cost, to alter and improve
the draws of said bridge, and also to improve and
strengthen the bridge in order to insure the safe
passage of their cars and other vehicles; the com-
pany so laying their track as not to impede the
common travel; provided, however, that nothing
therein contained shall be so construed as to pre-
vent Congress from removing the Long Bridge
whenever it shall bo its pleasure to do so; and
provided, also, that Congress shall have power to
alter, amend, or repeal the actatitsown pleasure.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood, from the read-
ing of the bill, that it proposes that this road shall
cross Pennsylvania avenue near the west Capitol
gate. There was a proposition up the other day,
on motion of the chanman of the Committee for
the District of Columbia, which provides for a
tunnel from somewhere near the depot. That will
accomplish the purpose aimed at by this bill; and
if the gentleman will substitute that proposition
for this I will go with him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the indulg-
ence of the House, I will make a remark or two.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to a speech on that
side unless we can have an opportunity to reply.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. I am asked a ques-
tion, and I want to answer it.
Mr. CURTIS. I will not object if I can be
allowed to oppose this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will have no ob-
jection to that. The fortune of the man concerned
is at stake.
Mr. CURTIS. The fortune of the whole coun-
try is at stake. We want bridges without draws.
I am opposed to constructing a bridge with a
draw when by going a few miles further one can
be put up without a draw.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am anxious to
see the bill referred to by the gentleman from Al-
abama also passed. I would like to move a sus-
pension in that case.
M^. CURTIS. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I am inclined to vote for
this, provided the company will promise to check
baggage through, and not charge more than double
fare.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. They will do any- I
thing in the world that is fair. If I am allowed !
to make a brief statement, I think that I can re- j
lieve the bill of all objection. \
Mr. CURTIS. There is not tune to give a fair
hearing to a proposition of so much importance.
The question was put; and the rules were not
suspended,
WILLIAM A. If INN'S ESTATE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
I mous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
1 mitteo of-the Whole House from the further con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 818) for the relief
of William A. Linn's estate. , -
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to satisfy, out of any nioney in*
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a judg-
ment rendered by the circuit court in and for- th6
county of St. Louis, Missouri, at its October ternri
of 1857, in favor of Thomas C. Reynolds, and
against the late William A. Linn, for services in
defending Linn in a suit brought against-h-irrv'by
William H. Belcher and Charles Belcher, on ac-
count of acts done by Linn as an officer of the
United States; and also pay to Reynolds a like
additional sum in satisfaction of his ,demand in
another suit brought by him in the St. Louis corurt
of common pleas, in and for the county of St. Louis,
against Linn, and now pending against Linn's
administrator, for other like services in defending
Linn, and that such sums shall be in fall of all
demands of Reynolds for his services rendered in
the suits.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to suspend
the rules.
Mr. BRANCH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Brayton and
Branch were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayos eighty-one, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended; and the bill was
brought before the House for consideration.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly'read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. B. DADE.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
House bill No. 559.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I ask the gentleman to
yield a moment, to allow me to introduce a reso-
lution; and if there is any objection, I will with-
draw it.
Mp RICE. I will yield, with that understand-
ing.
Mr. EDMUNDSON then offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
bo directed to pay to J. li. Dado three dollars per day dur-
ing his sei vices, deducting therefrom §1 59 per day hereto-
fore paid.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the gentleman
from Virginia has not the iloor; and, therefore,
the resolution is not before the House.
HARRIET S. WYMAN.
Mr. RICE. I believe I am entitled to the floor.
I move that the Committee of the Whole House
be discharged from the further consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 559) granting a pension to
Harriet S. Wyman, widow of Captain Thomas
W. Wyman, post captain in the naval service of
the United States.
The bill, which was read,directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Harriet S.
Wyman on the invalid pension rolls of the United
States at the rate of twenty dollars per month,
to commence from the 24th of February, 1854,
and to continue during her natural life.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object.
Mr. RICE, i move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTONdemanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON called for tellers upon the sus-
pension of the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Branch and
Marstgn were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 85, noes 34.
