376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
'To these various libels, the negroes, Cinques
and others, with the exception of Antonio, on the
Tth of January, 1840, filed an answer, denying
that they were slaves or the property of Ruis and
Montez, or that the court could, under the Con-
stitution or laws of the United States, or under
any treaty, exorcise any jurisdiction over their
persons, by reason of the premises; and praying
that they might be dismissed. They specially set
forth and insisted, that they were native-born Af-
ricans; that they were born free, and still of right
ought to be free, and not slaves; that they were,
on or about the 15th day of April, 1839, unlaw-
fully kidnapped and forcibly and wrongfully car-
ried, on board a certain vessel, on the coast of
Africa, which was unlaw uliy engaged in the
slave trade, and were unlawfully transported in
the same vessel to the Island of Cuba, for the pur-
pose of being unlawfully sold ns slaves; that Ruis
and Montez well knowing the premises, made a
pretended purchase of them, that afterwards, on
or about the 28th of June, 1839, Ruis and'Mon-
tez confederating with Ferrer, captain of the Am-
istad, caused them, without law or right, to be
placed on board the said Amstad, to be transported
to some place unknown to them, to be enslaved
for life; that on the voyage they rose and took
possession of the vessel, intending to return there-
with to their native country, or to seek an asylum
in some free State, (fee. At the hearing of the case
all the libelants and claimants appeared, except
Jose Ruis and Pedro Montez, whose libels and
claims, as stated of record, respectively, were
pursued by the Spanish Minister, the same being
merged in his chum. The negroes also appeared
by their counsel.
On tjie 23d day of January, 1840, the district
court made a decree. By that decree all claims
for salvage were rejected, except that of Lieuten-
ant Godney and others, to whom salvage was
allowed on the vessel and cargo of one third Oi
the value thereof—but not on the negroes. The
vessel, with the exception of the above-mentioned
salvage, was decreed to be returned to the owners,
Telhncas, Aspez & Laea. The libels of Ruis and
Montez, were dismissed with costs, as being in-
cluded under the claim of the Spanish Minister.
The cargo, with the exception of salvage, wne>
returned to Ruis and Montez, as owners, but their
claim for the negroes was rejected. The slave
Antonio was ordered to be returned to the repre-
sentatives of Ferrer. The claim of the district
attorney of the United States, on behalf of the
Spanish Minister, for the restoration of the ne-
groes, under the treaty, was rejected; and it was
decreed that they should be delivered to the Pres-
ident of the United States, to be transported to
Africa, in puiMiance of thenctof Maith 3, 1819,
Prom (hi* drove the district attonn y, on be-
half of the United States, and for the benefit of
Ruis and Monte/, and the Spanish Government,
appealed to the cjivuil court,and thence (o the Su-
premeCourt of the United States. Ruisand Mon-
tez, it is expressly slated of m-oid, and in the
argument of the district attorney, withdrew, be-
cause their claim was merged m that presented
by the Spanish Minister.
The decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States, on this appeal, was as follows,
(Mr. Justice Caldwin only dissenting:)
"That the dccu'c of the r-h<ni!t court, [illumine that of
the district court, outiht to be aftiimcd, except s*o (at as it
dneet- tiie negto^c to he delivered to tin Piesulcnt to be
ticir^poiteil to AfiK'ii, in puiMiance of the act of the tfd of
March. lb 19; ami. a-, to tin*,, it ou^lit to he lever-rd and
that the said neirioc* he deckued to he 1'iee. and he (Us-
mH.-cd from the eiModyof the eouit.and jrn without dn\
Faihng thus m their attempt to regain posses-
sion of the negroes by judicial proceedings, Ruts
and Montez then presented then claim foi com-
pensation to the Government of the United States
through the Spanish Minister. Tins elann has
been pursued by them for a period of nearly
twenty years; and now, the President, following
the example of two of his predecessors—Pipsi-
dents Tyler and Polk—recommends to Congress
the payment of the claim.
Such are the facts m relation to this case in its
present posture. That the negroes of the Amis-
tad were born free; that tiny were kidnapped in
Africa; that they were brought to Cuba, and sold
as slaves to Montez and R-us, in violation of the
laws of Spain, is beyond c< nrroversy. Still, it is
claimed that by treaty stipulations, notwithstand-
ing: the decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, this Government is bound to make j
compensation to the pretended owners of the ne- !
groes in question. The honorable chairman of I
the Committee on Foreign Relations, in his report i
on this subject, made at a previous session, insists
•that this Government is under treaty obligations
to indemnify these claimants. Our obligations in
this respect arc supposed to arise out of the 8th,
9th, and 10th articles of our treaty with Spain,
which follow:
" Art. 8. In case the subjects and inhabitant* of cither
party, with their shipping, whethei public and of war, or pii-
vate and of merchant, bu foiced, thiough sires* of weathei,
pursuit of pirates or enemies, or any other urgent necessity
for seeking of shelter and harboi, to retreat and enter into
any of the nvers. bay, roads, or ports, belonging to the
other paity, tbcv shall be received and treated with all hu-
manity. and enioj all favor,protection,and help; and they ]
hhall he permitted to iefie?.li and provide themselves, at |
HMMumhle nue?., with victuals and all thine* needful for the !
subsistence of their person**, or leparation of their ships, >
and piOTOcutionof theirvo\age; and they .shall novvavs be i
lundcied from returning our of the said ports ot roads", bat 1
mav remove and depart when and whithei tliev plcaae,
without any let or hindrance. " I
" Art. 9. Ail ships and merchandise, of what nature so- I
ever, which shall be ie cuedout ot'tlie hands* ot any pirates
oi robbers on the high si-a*, «hall be brought into *-oine port
of either Slate,and shall be delivered to the custodj of the
officers of that port, in order to be taken care of and ic-
*>tored entire to the turn pioprietoi, as soon as due and suf-
ficient proofs-hall be made concerning the property thereof.
" Art. 10. When any vessel ot either party shall be
wrecked, foundered, or otherwise damaged, on the coasts
or within the dominion of the othei, their respective sub-
jects or citizens shall receive, as well for themselves as for
their vessels and effects, the same assistance which would
he due to the inhabitants of the eountij where tin* damage :
happen1-, and -diall pay the '•ame charge* and dues only as j
the said inhabitants would be subject to pay m a like ease; •
and, if the operation-o! repair should inquire that the whole j
or any part ot the caieo bo unladen, they shall pay no du-
ties charges, or fees, on the pait which they shall reiade
and cairy away.1'
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations takes the ground that the con-
struction of,the treaty between this Government
and that of Spain given by our Supreme Court is
not binding upon Spain. lie says:
" It is no answer to Spain, therefore, to say that this sub-
ject has been dcteimmcd by the judiciary of the country
adversely to this claim of Spam ; and it become^ necessary,
in consequence, foi the executive and legislative depart-
ments of the Government, in replying to the demand of
Spain, to eon-true the tieaty onginally, and to decide the
obligations that may ause undei it." !
To this I have, in the first place, to reply that !
Ruis and Monte/, personally, and afterwards, for I
(hem, the Spanish Government, appeared by our !
district attorney, and were voluntarily parties to
this suit. They originated it. Thete was no claim
before the court for the negroes till they presented
it. Gedney libeled, not the negroes, but the ship
and cargo. The first parties appearing before j
the court, as claimants of the negioes, are Rius !
and Montez, who filed their libel on the l£th of,
September, ]<939. They made themselves parlies i
tn the suit; ami on the day following, (he Spanish ;
Government appealed by the United States dis-,
frirt attorney, who filed a claim at the suggestion
of the Spanish Minister. Having thus volunta-
ry become parties to the proceedings, I submit
that on every principle they are bound by the de-
cree. The chairman of the committee says, in his
report, that neither Spam nor the United States
could have been made partic s, (in invitum.) Thisis
true ;but, in point of fact, the Spanish Government,
by its own motion, became a party in behalf of the
claimants, as the record shows, and Montez and
Ruis actually instituted and originated the pro-
ceedings, and only withdraw, as appears of rec-
ord, when their claim was merged m that pursued
for their benefit by the Spanish'Government. Can
it be said that in a claim of this kind, presented
to a court silting in Adminilty.and proceeding hi
rem, the parties to the suit being themselves pres-
ent by tlir-m^c Ives and counsel, arc not bound t y ,i
the decision? I submit to the Senate that, in any j;
court, sufnig anywhere, the judgment of the Su-
preme Court, in this case, would be a bar to any !
churn that might be set up by Ruis and Montez ;<
against the negroes of the Amistad. It is a well- j
known principle throughout all civilized nations, :
that adjudication® in rem of a court of admiralty :
are conclusive against all mankind, much more ■
are they binding upon actual parties to the pro- |
cuedmgs. Having submitted their daim to a com- 1
petent tribunal; having been heard bv their coun- !!
sol, they are bound by the decision. ^They cannot j)
open the question before any other tribunal, but ij
must submit to the law as it is declared, by the u
tribunal of their own seeking. This is law and
common sense everywhere.
To make this more clear, allow me, Mr. Presi-
dent, to suppose that the alleged merchandise in
question, and upon the title to which the adjudi-
cation of the Supreme Court of the United States
was had, instead of being negroes, had been any
species of property acknowledged everywhere to
be merchandise, any citizen of the United States
would have had a perfect right to assert a claim
to this property, on the trial in the United States
court. It could not have been claimed that the
treaty with Spain deprived any citizen of a right
to show his title to the property in question, and
the decision of the court would not only have
■settled definitively and forever the question of title,
but would have estopped all other claimants,where
ever they might be, much more the very parties
to the controversy. The fact that the alleged
merchandise consisted of human beings could not
diminish, though it might well strengthen, the
force of this illustration. The negroes themselves
had lights, which the court was bound to con-
sider. No treaty with Spain could affect their
rights. The law of nations required the court to
give them due consideration; nor could Spain say
to us, you have agreed to return our merchandise;
therefore you are hound to maintain our claim to
such foreigners as we may have enslaved and re-
duced to a state in which they bccome, by our
laws, merchandise. If acknowledged to be mer-
chandise, the title is settled by thc«decision of the
court. If not merchandise, no claim can be made
for remuneration for its loss.
But the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations says it is no answer to Spain to say that
the subject has been determined by the judiciary
of the country adversely to the claim of Spam,
and that it becomes necessary, therefore, for the
executive and legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment, in replying to the demand of Spain, to
construe the treaty originally, and to decide upon
the obligations that may arise under it. I pro-
pose, sir, accordingly, to examine this as a new
and open question, without insisting on the idea
that the parties, having once submitted their claim
to the adjudication of a competent tribunal, are
bound by the decision, and only claiming that the
facts, as found by the court, are to be taken as
true.
If then we concede that it is our duty, as one
branch of the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment, in our examination of this subject, to
construe originally the treaty under which this
claim is made, it will appear equally manifest that
it has no foundation in justice or equity, and that
no treaty stipulations existing between this Gov-
ernment and Spam required that the negroes in
question should have been sui rendered, or that
their supposed value should now be paid to the
claimants.
And here it is important to observe that the
surrender of fugitive slaves, or fugitives from jus-
tice, is not demandable of right. In the absence
of treaty stipulations, no nation can be required
to make such surrender. Such being the law of
nations, a stipulation by treaty for the surrender
of slaves or fugitives from justice must be clear
and unmistakable in its terms, and cannot be
made out by implication or construetien. The
intent must be apparent,and will not be presumed.
"Let us, then, examine this treaty, and sec for
ourselves, irrespective of the opinions of the courts,
whoso decisions have been given on the subject,
whether the claim of the Spanish Government
ought to be allowed by Congress.
The main reliance of the claimants is on the
ninth article of the treaty of 1795, which provides
that—
u All ship* and merchandise, of what nature bopvoi,
which s-iiall bo le^eued out of the hands of anv piiates or
robbers on the high sea^, shall be hi ought into some port of
either State, and shall be delivered into the custody of the
officers of that poit, in oidei to be taken can* of, and ie>toie<I
entire to the true proprietor a" soon as due and sufficient
proof shall be made concerning the piopeity thoreot."
To establish the claim it is necessary to show
that the negroes in question are merchandise, with-
in the meaning- of the ninth .section of the treaty
of 1795; that there has been a rescue of them on
the high seas out of the hands of pirates and rob-
bers, and that Ruis and Montez are the true pro-
prietors of the alleged merchandise, and have
established their title by competent proof.
1. Are the negroes to b« considered merchan-
