1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
make no objection to that reference. I wish it
understood, however, that it is the bill of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and not the bill of the
Senator from Mississippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood that it came fro m the committee of which
the Senator from Mississippi is chairman.
Mr. CLAY. Then the Committee on Pensions
might be dispensed with if the Naval Committee
should also take jurisdiction of pensions belong-
ing to that branch of the service.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs do not take jurisdiction of pensions, but of
pension laws—general provisions for the Army.
However, I am perfectly willing that this bill
should go to the Committee on Pensions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will be
read a second time, with a view to its reference.
The bill was read a second time, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions?.
ASSISTANT BOORKEBl'EK.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Assistant Doorkeeper of the Senate
be allowed the same rate of annual compensation the
permanent committee elcrka of the Senate, commencing
with the picscnt fiscal year.
The subject is one that was before the Senate
when the officers of the Senate had their compen-
sation increased, and this seems to have been the
only omission. I should like to have the resolu-
tion considered now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. A statement
was made to me yesterday, that the pay which is
proposed to be given is the same as that given in
the House of Representatives, anil will lie more
than the Sergcant-at-Arms of the Senate himself
receives. Is that so ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to give that
pay. The pay which it is proposed to give is
that of the permanent committee elerlcs—
I think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ifno objection
be interposed, the resolution will lie considered at
this time.
Mr. CLAY. I object to it. I want to know
• what he gets now.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it will
lie over.
BT. CfjATTt FLATS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that thn Senate
now take up bill No. 37, making an appropria-
tion to complete the channel over the St. Clan-
Flats. t do not desire to press this bill at this
time, if tho Somite will grant me a day when wo
pftii have a direct vote on tho bill. The Presi-
dent, in his veto message of tho St. Clair Flats
bill of the last session, lias put forth some now
and rather strange propositions, i should look
upon a vote against this bill as a vote in favor
of those now doctrines. If the Senate will assign
a day when they will permit a vote to betaken
on this bill, 1 shall not discuss it now. I call their ]
attention to the fart that up to the date of this veto ]
message 1 had not occupied thirty minutes of tho 1
Senate's time on this subject. Neither do I wish
to press this matter pertinaciously. I simplyask,
what I think any Senator will say I am entitled
to, a direct vote on the proposition; and if the
Senate will fix any day, near or distant, when
they will take a vote on it, I shall luwe nothing
further to say at Uiis time. I move that the bill
be taken up and made the special order for Mon-
day next, at one o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. There is a special order for
Monday.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, say Tuesday, or
any other day that will suit the Senate.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ihst qu. s-
tion is, on taking up the bill for consideration.
The Senator from Michigan moves to take up the
bill (S. No 37) in relation to the St. Clair Flats.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is how
before the Senate as m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that it be made the
special order for Tuesday next, at one o'clock.
Mr- CLINGMAN. I have no objection to the
Senator being heard oniiis bill at any time he de-
sires. I think it is his right to be heard upon it;
but it seems to me that we had better not make it
a special order. If we do, it may interrupt other
business. We cannot assume that nobody else
will want to debate it. I presume he is not san-
guine of its becoming a law. Still, I am perfectly
willing that the Senator shall, either now or at
any time when it is convenient to himself, speak
upon it. I would rather not make it a special
order, because it will probably give rise to a gen-
eral debate; and it seems to me we had better attend,
to legislation that is more likely to be practical.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will not occupy ten min-
utes of the time of the Senate upon this bill, if
Senators will permit a vote to be taken without
extended debate. I simply ask for a vote, with
or without debate; and it is perfectly immaterial
to me which. The question is perfectly under-
stood by the Senate and the country, and it need
not occupy ton minutes of the time of the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan that we can vote now.
Mr "CHANDLER. I would prefer fixing a
more distant day. The Senate is not full now. [
would prefer to fix a day when the Senate will be
full.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the Senator from
Michigan permit me to suggest to him that tho
resolutions of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Da\ is] have been made the special order for Mon-
day. They will run into Tuesday, and there are
special orders that will consume all of that week.
As he is willing to take a more distant day—and
I recognize his right to be heard on the question
—I would propose a week further olF.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, say Monday week.
Mr. MALLORY. I will vote with the Senator
to make it the special order for Monday week, or
take it up now and vote on it, without debate.
jVIr. CHANDLER. I move to make tho bill
the special order for next Tuesday week, April 10.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Haves, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Ilouse had this day ordered the printing of the
following documents:
Letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a statement of tho condition of the banks
throughout the United States—ordered at twelve
o'clock and sixteen minutes, p. m.
Memorial of the Legislative Assembly of New
Mexico for payment of certain militiamen called
into service against tho Attache Indians by the
acting Governor of tho 'lerritory—ordered at
twelve o'clock and sixteen minutes, p. m.
Memorial for the payment of volunteers under
Major Ramon Luna—ordered at twelve o'clock
and sixteen minutes, p. m.
Memorial for the payment of militiamen and
volunteers—ordered at twelve o'clock and sixteen
minutes, p. m.
Tho message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 247) for
the relief of Mary E. Castor.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. MALLORY. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill which was
under consideration yesterday. It is not quite one
o'clock, but we shall gain a'little time by taking
it up now. The business was unfinished. The
gentleman from FVnnsylvauia, [Mr. Biuler,] I
know, wishes to make a motion to take up another
bill. He has another important bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business comes up regularly at one o'clock, but
it is the right of the Senator to move to take it
up at this time.
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator from Florida
will indulge me a moment, there is a hill of a very
important character which I desire to bring before
the Senate for consideration. It is a bill which I
i think the Senate can dispose of very readily; it
j has been fully considered by the Committee on
| Patents. It is the bill (S. No. 10) in addition to
, ''An act to promote the progress of the useful
aits.'' I know it is bad policy to inteifere with
a bill which has been solar progressed with as
that of the Senator from Florida; but I almost
despair of getting up this bill unless I can get it
made a special order, and I ask the Senator from
Florida to allow me to have the bill taken up and
made the special order for—say Wednesday next.
Mr. MALLORY. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 10) in addition to an act to promote the prog-
ress of tho useful arts.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the bill be post-
poned and made the special order for Wednesday
next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
BANK ISSUES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. SLIDELL. I certainly do not approve of
this system of making special orders, and accu-
mulating them; but I find it is impossible to re-
sist the habit, and that there is no other mode of
getting along with business that one may have
. specially in charge. I move that the bill (S. No.
50) regulating the banks in the District of Colum-
bia be taken up now, for the purpose of being
made the special order of the day for Wednesday
of the week after next—the day after the special
order of the Senator from Michigan—and I shall
then expect that the bill will be passed upon. It
has already been debated very fully.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the Senator from
Louisiana would persist in what his judgment
tells him ought to be the practice here, and that
the Senate would agree to go on with business as
it stands upon the Calendar. I am satisfied it
would economize time, and every bill would then
have its fair chance. This way of pressing in to
get a special order made, and giving one bill a
preference over another—and frequently prefer-
ence is given to a most unimportant bill—I have
always thought, since 1 have been in the Senate,
embarrassed the business of the body, and gave
the go-by to measures of importance which were
in the hands of Senators, who perhaps were less
importunate than others. I will unite with the
Senator at any time in adhering to the Calendar,
and shall be glad to have a test of the feeling of
the Senate on the subject, to see if wo cannot go
on with business as it is reported by the commit-
tees.
Mr. SLIDELL. I agree fully with the Senator
from Illinois; but I think it is a little strange that
this objection should now present itself to his
mind for the first time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have stated it before.
Mr. SLIDELL. Pie certainly did not object
to the special orders already made to-day—one
proposed by the Senator from Michigan, and the
other by the Senator from Pennsylvania. I shall
concur with him heartily hereafter; but I have
yielded long enough, and I hojjo the Senate will
indulge me now in taking up this bill for the pur-
pose indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was post-
poned to, and made the special order for, this day
two weeks, at one o'clock.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
As message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Hayes,Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had concurred in the first
and second amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 2-iij authorizing publishers to print
on their papers thp date when subscriptions ex-
pire, and had concurred in the third amendment
of the Senate, with an amendment, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested ; and had
concurred in the amendment of the Senate to the
title of the bill.
PAY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think this would be a very
good time to take up the bill for the enlargement
of the public grounds.
Mr. MALLORY. My motion is pending. I
ofilv withdrew it temporarily.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida moved to take up the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. BRIGHT. Which is the naval pay bill.
I should like very much to take up the bill for the
enlargement of the public grounds. I doubt
whether it will take much time.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope we shall be allowed
to go on with the unfinished business.
The motion of Mr. Mallory was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 299)
to increase and regulate the pay of officers of the
Navy of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] which is to
strike out all of the original bill after the enacting
clause, and to insert what was read yesterday,
which is in fact a new and separate bill. Both
