2340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
routes on which the whole letter mail can be car-
ried from the Mississippi river within a schedule
time approaching twenty days. These are the
present Butterfield route and the route from St.
Joseph to Placerville. Certainly, on these two
routes the mails can start every day in the year,
and be carried, within twenty-three days, from
St. Louis to San Francisco.
The proposition of the committee, which I have
stated, reduces the expense of the service nearly
a million dollars, while it doubles the convenience
of the service, and gives us an entirely new route
from Lake Superior to Puget Sound, and an in-
terior service from Sacramento to Portland. My
great object is to establish a line from St. Joseph
to Placerville, semi-weekly within twenty days,
to correspond in schedule time with the present
Butterfield route, by which to carry the whole
mail matter on which letter postage is paid; and
then, if possible, to provide for the conveyance
of all printed matter across the continent, if it can
be done at a limited rate; but otherwise, to have
it carried by steamers. I will not go further, at
this time, into an explanation of this bill. I am
willing to take any measure that will give us a
certain, permanent, overland service for the con-
veyance of the mail.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. PEARCE. I ask to be allowed to make
a report from a committee of conference.
Mr. DAVIS. There are but two or three min-
utes left before the hour for the special order; and
I move to postpone the further consideration of
this bill that we may take up the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. PEAECE. Will the Senator allow me to
proceed with a report from a committee of con-
ference ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly; I did not understand
the Senator.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Chair will receive the report.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senate and House of
Representatives having concurred in the correc-
tion of the clerical error reported by me yesterday,
I now submit the following report from the com-
mittee of conferencc on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses upon the consular and diplomatic
bill:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. K.
No. 4) making appiopriations lor the consular and diplo-
matic expenses' of tile Clovermnent toi the year ending the
30th of June, 1861, having met, after full anil liee eonlei-
onoe, have agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recedefrom thofrthird, fourth, fifth, and
eighth amendments.
That the ilouse recede from their disagreement to the
fiist, second, and twelfth amendments of the Senate, and
concur in the same.
J. A. PEARCE,
W. P. FESSJJNDEN,
W. M. GWIN.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN S. MILLSON,
BDWAtiD JOY MORRIS,
Managers onlhe yaitof the House.
The House recede from their disagreement to
the first and second amendments which are in re-
lation to the salary of the secretary of legation
at China, and the salary of the interpreter to that
legation. We found that the first item was already
provided for in a general provision for all secre-
taries of legation, and that the salary of the in-
tepreter was necessary to be provided for because
the officer is actually at his post, and his salary
is fixed by law.
The Senate recede from the third, fourth, and
fifth amendments which contain appropriations
found to be included in the deficiency bill. They
have receded with reluctance tfrom the eighth
amendment, which provided for the continuation
of the boundary survey eastward of the Rocky
Mountains. The House concur in the twelfth
amendment of the Senate, which merely refers
to a change in the title of the bill.
The report was concurred in.
Subsequently a message from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had concurred m the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, on the bill
(H. R. No. 4) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th of June, 1861.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The hour for the special order
has arrived.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the special
order for the purpose of going on with the con-
sideration of the overland mail bill, and on that
I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make the point of order
that the Senator is not entitled to the floor, and
thatunlesstheSenatorfrom Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] chooses to give way to the motion it
would not, in fact, be m order, he being entitled
to the floor and the special order being announced;
but whatever is his wish I shall yield to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the special order having arrived, it comes up, as
a matter of course, unless the Senate see proper
to postpone it. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire mo^es to postpone the further consideration
of that subject, and make it the special order 
Mr. HALE. I do not care what is done with
it. I move to postpone it for the purpose of pro-
ceeding with this bill; and I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would inquire of the
Chair whether the standing resolution that this
day be set apart for private bills, docs not super-
sede everything else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order for to-day,as the Chair understands, is the
Private Calendar, by a previous resolution of the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there not a motion pend-
ing, of the Senator from Mississippi,to postpone
that for the purpose of taking up his resolutions?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire moves to postpone the spe-
cial order for the purpose of proceeding with the
California mail route bill.
Mr. DAVIS. What becomes of the unfinished
business of yesterday ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
again state that the special oider for to-day, Fri-
day, is the Private Calendar. The Senator from
New Hampshire moves to postpone the special
order for the purpose of proceeding with the con-
sideration of the overland mail bill.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone all orders in
the way of that bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote against this mo-
tion; but I am willing to vote for a motion to
postpone the special order for the purpose of
taking up the resolutions of the Senatorfrom Mis-
sissippi, that we may get rid of them, and get at
the appropriation bills. Will the Senator let that
question be tried first ?
Mr. HALE. We have been trying that for the
last two weeks, and I am satisfied we cannot get
rid of them.
Mr. 1VERSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire has called for the yeas and
nays on lus motion. The Chair will put the ques-
tion on ordering the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1VERSON. I rose to a point of order, to
ask the Chair whether the question is divisible.
The Senator from New Hampshire moves to post-
pone the special order, being the Private Calen-
dar, for the purpose of going on with the bill re-
cently under the consideration of the Senate. The
Senator from Virginia or the Senator from Mis-
sissippi desires to postpone the Private Calendar
for the purpose of going on with the resolutions
of the Senator from Mississippi. 1 wanttoknow
whether wc cannot take the question first on the
motion to postpone at all; and if the Senate refuses
to postpone, then, of course, the Private Calendar
comes up; but if the Senate agrees to postpone;
then afterwards wo shall have the privilege of de-
ciding what business shall have precedence. I
desire to vote against any postponement, but if
the question is between the overland mail bill and
the resolutions of the Senator from Mississippi,
I am for taking up the resolutions first. I want
to have the privilege of voting, in the first place,
on the naked question of postponement, and I ask
the Chair to decide whether or not the motion can
be divided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
difficulty in the mind of the Chair on that point.
The first question is on the postponement of the
special order. If it be postponed, it will then be
in the power of the Senate to give a preference to
any other business they choose to take up.
Mr. HALE. As a question of order, I want
to put an inquiry to the Chair. Is it not the rule
or practice of the Senate to move to postpone all
orders prior to a certain bill named? That is my
motion—to postpone all special orders that lie in
the way of the overland mail bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands; and the question has been divided,
so that the Senate may postpone the Private Cal-
endar without giving preference to any measure,
and when it lias been postponed, the Senate can
afterwards vote to take up any other measure that
may be proposed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to say that
if wc are ever to do any business in the Senate,
and are ever to have any vote upon these pending
resolutions, now is the time to press them to a
conclusion and be done with them. By doing
that, we shall economize time. I think that by
that course, the overland mail question will be
settled sooner than in any other way. I do hope
that the resolutions will be withdrawn or post-
poned until the next session, or in some mode pin
out of the way of business, or else that we shall
adhere to them until they are voted on and fin-
ished. • For one, I shall vote against any post-
ponement, and against taking up anything else
until we have done with that subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the spccial order, which is the
Private Calendar.
Mr. RICE. I merelv wish to say that there
are very few questions before the Senate of more
importance to my State than the overland mail
bill;and I would prefer to take that up to any
other measure, were it not for the fact that my
collcaguc is absent, and I am very anxious that
he shall be here when it is taken up. I shall,
therefore, vote against the postponement.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion, if the
friends of this bill do not want it acted on. I
have no disposition to press the motion now, if
that be the case.
Mr. GWIN. I want the bill to go on, and X
hope the Senator will persist in his motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays having been ordcted, the motion cannot be
withdrawn without unanimous consent.
Mr. GWIN. I object.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us understand the de-
cision of the Chair. Is it, that if a majority vote
to postpone the prior orders, then the Senator
from Mississippi can move to take up his resolu-
tions, and if a majority sustain him, they will be
taken up ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the special order, which is the
Private Calendar. If the Senate vote in favor of
postponing, a majority of the Senate can then
take up any subject that they please to consider.
Mr. HUNTER. Then X shall vote for the
postponement.
Mr. PUGH. I understood that the Private
Calendar was not in order until one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the special order has been changed from one to
twelve o'clock.
The question being taken on the motion to
postpone, resulted—yeas 45, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bingham, Bragg,
Blight, Brown, Che-nut, Ciark, Clay, t'jmgman, Coliamer,
Crittenden, Davis, Doohttle, Fcsscndon, Fitzpatrick, Fos-
ter, Green, Gimies, Gwm, Hale, Ilarlan, Hunter, Johnson
of Arkansas, Kennedy, King, Lane, Latham, Nicholson,
Peaice, Polk, Poweil, Pugii, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian,
yiidell, Sumner, Thomson, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
Wigfall, Wilson, and Yuloe--4.">.
NAYS —Mosmj. Chandler, Dixon, Hemphill, Iverson,
Johnson of Tennessee, Simmons, and Ten Kyck—7.
So the Senate postponed the Private Calendar.
Mr DAVIS. I now move to take up the un-
finished business of yesterday, being the resolu-
tions introduced by me in relation to the rights
of the States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tions referred to are the special order, being the
unfinished business,and are now before the Sen-
ate
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone those reso-
