1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1ST?
these propositions are before the Senate for mod-
ification, before the question on substitution is
taken.
Mr. MALLORY. I hare some remarks to sub-
mit in explanation of the bill from the committee,
and in opposition to the amendment which has
been proposed, and I will make them as briefly
as possible. ■ If I can have the attention of the
Seriate, I feel satisfied that the substitute presented
by the Senator from Maine cannot receive the as-
sent of the body, and I doubt very much whether
it will receive his own assent. I am quite satis-
fied that, when he comes to see the operation of
his own amendment, it will not receive his assent.
The greatest discrepancy between the committee's
bill and the bill of the Senator from Maine is in
the grade of lieutenant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I intend to modify my
substitute in that respect by reducing the time at
which the increased pay shall be allowed. It is
now fixed at five, ten, and fifteen years' service
respectively; I shall make it four, eight, and
twelve, or three, six, and nine.
Mr. MALLORY. That would be an import-
ant modification, which would make his bill more
acceptable to me; but even with that modification,
I think it oughtnot to be passed. I suppose there
are many Senators who do not know what the
pay of the Wavy is. Let me state what the pay
of this grade, lieutenant, is, what the age is, and
what the services are for which he receives this
pay. His shore pay is now' §1,200; his sea pay
and other duty pay is $1,500.
The lieutenants, it will be admitted by all who
have investigated the subject—and this was the
unanimous opinion of the Committee on Naval
Affairs—are the poorest paid grade in the service.
It is the poorest paid grade in point of the actual
sum of money. It is the poorest paid grade in
point of the actual service rendered. It is the
poorest paid grade in point of actual age and time
m the Navy. In every view of the question, it is
the grade which gets the least amount of money
for the service rendered and the time spent in the
Navy, and hence it is that the Commitfee on
Naval Affairs propose to give the highest increase
which they have proposed to the grade of lieu-
tenant.
The first point was to determine what is the
highest pay that you will give to the oldest lieu- I
tenant who has seen the greatest amount of ser- •.
vice; and having fixed that at fifty per cent., the I
next question is, what you will give to the lowest, 1
at the other end of the line. The committee de-
termined to give the lieutenant, when ho is first
promoted to thatgrade, no increase whatever. He
is, comparatively speaking, a young man. I be-
lieve my friend from Maine considers him some-
what of a schoolboy. He is about twenty-seven
years of age. It is proposed that he should have
nothing more than at present. The committee
graduate the increased pay of fifty per cent., or J
$750 on the sea pay, according to the service j
which the party has-rcndcred at sea. They might
have graduated it, as the Senator from Maine lias J
done, according to the time the officer has oceu- j
piedaplace on the lists of the Navy; but in doing
that they would have fallen into the error that 1
think he has fallen into, of paying to the man
who contrives to remain upon the lists of the
Navy, without the slightest regard to any service
he has performed, the same amount of money that
you pay to the man who has remained the same
number of years m the Nitvy, but has been al-
ways in service.
Now, let me say that these lieutenants have
charge of the ship from the time she goes into
commission until she returns from her long cruise;
and that, however much the captain, the com-
mander, the surgeon, and the purser, may sleep
and enjoy themselves—for they keep no watch—
the sleepless eye of the lieutenants' grade never
ceases to watch from the time the ship goes out
until she returns. They discipline the crew; they
are responsible for the ship'scondition; and they
have the chargeof the deck. They are the workers
of the Navy. Hence it is important to keep this
grade at sea particularly; and every Navy of the
world has made it a point to have its officers see
their sea-duty when they are young, when they
can learn. It is important to us, after giving these
gentlemefi a fine education, that they should go to
sea when that education is fresh upon them, and
they can apply their scholastic studies to their
practical manipulation in the Navy. It is im-
portant to the country to send them to sea be-
fore they have many ties on shore; before they
form those ties perhaps, when they can render
service more willingly. It is important.to send
them to sea when their affection for their new pro-
fession is all alive, and they have not seen any of
those oppressive drawbacks which other officers
experience. Hence in England, the moment an
officer touches land he receives but half his sea
pay. In France it is the same thing. In England
they will not allow a man at sea over fifty-five
years of age; and in France they will not allow
him at sea over fifty years. In all navies the
thing is almost self-evident, You want your offi-
cers to go to sea.
I may be told here, perhaps, that we can com-
pel our young officers to go to sea; that the Navy
Department has charge of them, and can order
them to sea. This, no doubt, is the conclusion
at which the Senator from Maine, and all others
who have not had a great deal of practical expe-
rience in the Navy Department itself, and in its
operation, arrive. This is not the practical effect.
We have been told for twenty years, by almost
every Secretary of the Navy, of the difficulty of
getting officers to sea, and of political influence
being brought to bear to relieve them from sea-
duty. We have experience of it almost every
day; for I presume no Senator here can say that
he has not been called upon by some officer to
©btain a release from sea-duty.
It is important, too, in legislating for pay, that
you so legislate as to make it the interest of the
officer himself to go to sea; make it his interest
not to resort to political influence m order to es-
cape from sea-service, and devolve that duty on
another. The nearer you approximate the shore
pay to the sea-duty pay, the more inducements
you hold out to the ofiicer to remain on shore;
'because, strange as it may seem, the officers of
the Navy are not the lovers of salt water; they
are not the sea-dogs and dolphins we might sup-
pose. They do not choose to go to sea when they
can remain on shore; and I think any sensible
mail would not. You may find one seaman, per-
haps,in a thousand, who goes to sea from choice;
but generally they become entangled in the pro-
fession, and cannot get rid of it; and even m the
merchant service, every man looks forward to sea
life as one of drudgery, and has a dream in his
mind of living at some distant day on a farm at
home.
Now, let me show to the Senate what a lieu-
tenant does with the pay he receives at present.
A lieutenant has perhaps been at sea twenty years
of his life, and has been thirty-two years in the
Navy, and he is now-fifty-five years of age. Such
cases exist on vour list. He is ordered lo sea,
and ho receives $1,500 for sea-service; it begins
from the time he receives his orders. At the low-
est possible calculation it takes £300 for his out-
fit. In this calculation I place everything at the
minimum. I do not think it can be furnished for
P00. For that, which is the minimum, he gets
his cabin furniture, his table furniture, his table
linen, his bedding, his state-room furnituie, his
uniform, and everything that the regulations re-
quire. If he can get them for $300 he docs well,
and that leaves him $1,200. He has a wife, and
at least three or four children; some of them have
eight. Of his $1,200, if ho takes thirty dollars a
month for himself, he can possibly pay his mess
bill and washing, and nothing else. With that
thirty dollars, he can offer a guest, perhaps, a
glassof water. He cannot return any hospitable
civilities received on foreign stations from foreign
navies. He can do none of those things which
we, as a political body, expect our officers to do
in foreign ports-towards reciprocating civilities
that are extended towards them. He must be a
recluse on board of his own vessel, confining him-
self to the Navy ration, and without the first red
cent from one end of the year to the other. That
leaves his family seventy dollars a month. What
will a prudent wife, with three children, do with
seventy dollars? If any of you have inquired in
the city of Washington, you will see that she will
make a very Flemish account, so far as her com-
forts are concerned. Whether you take the sea-
board from Maine to Texas or the interior of the
country, you cannot say that she will get house-
rent under twenty dollars a month. That would
be very little. That would leave her fifty dollars.
If she could live with her three children, includ-
ing groceries and marketing, for fl 50 a day, it
would be very extraordinary. How touch%ould
that leave ? That would leave her fire dollars a
month; and when you come to'count up the edu-
cation of those three children , their clothing,-their
doctor's bill, servant's hire, her own clothing, and
a thousand things which I hare not mentioned,
Heaven only knows how they do live. You hare
them down to the very starving point! that they
all tell you. Every man who has talked with- a
naval officer must know that this is a very protfet
profession. You endeavor to instill into the hearts
of your naval officers too much pride to come here
and complain, and lay all these little wants before
you. They do not do it. They simply say to
you, " Look at our duties, and see how we are
paid." It hasTieen a matter of very great sur-
prise to those of the committee who hare investi-
gated this subject, how in the world the lieuten-
ants' grade subsist at all; and we know they are
largely in debt—hopelessly so. We know that
the grade above them is charged with officers, so
that their promotion is stopped for some years;
and if you deprive them of promotion and deprive
them of pay, you might as well disband the grade
at once, for it is no place for an honorable man,
with ties and responsibilities upon him.
The increased pay provided for in the bill pro-
posed by the committee embraces every lieuten-
ant of the grade, except fifteen. These fifteen are
the fifteen junior lieutenants; and when they shall
have seen one year's sea-service more, they Will
be embraced within the first installment of the
$750 increase which we propose to give. The com-
mittee's bill, after a lieutenant has seen seven
years'sea-service in the Navy—not in his grade,
because passed midshipmen are doing lieuten-
ants' duty now,but they get nothingforit—gives
him an increase of §200. After they have seen
nine years' sea-service, they are increased $400; -
for eleven years' sea-service, §600; and for thir-
teen years' sea-sex'vice, §750. Why thirteen?
Simply because, by adding up the whole sea-ser-
vice of the three hundred and twenty-five lieuten-
ants, you find that thirteen years is the average
sea-service of the entire grade. Some have seen
twenty, and some have seen six. Thuffweget
at the sea-service; and this improvement of the
pay of these officers wilt embrace all but the fif-
teen junior lieutenants; and, so far as 1 haveheard,
it is entirely satisfactory to the lieutenants'grade.
At all events, I have had them to call on me and
express the most earnest hope that the bill would
pass in this form. It has the other merit also of
giving to the lieutenants who have been longest
at sea, and also longest in the Navy, many of
them, the greatest amount of pay.
Upon this subject the Committee on Naval
Affairs were unanimous, without a dissenting
voice. If they be right in supposing that sea-
serviee should be encouraged and preserved, let
us see what the bill proposed by the Senator from
Maine would do. There the pay is graduated
according to the date of the commission. Now,
without wishing to be invidious, I will take a lieu-
tenant from my own State. I have one in my eye
who lias been twenty-eight years in your Navy,
lie has been to sea but nine years. He has, no
doubt for reasons best known to himself, avoided
sea-duty; though he is in good health, so far as
I know, and capable; and there are many others
like him. I take him because he is from my State.
He has seen but nine years' sea-service. The bill
proposed by the Senator from Maine gives that
officer $2,250. Here is a young officer from In-
diana, who lias been eighteen years in the service,
and sixteen years at sea; and his bill does not give
him a solitary cent increase.
I may say that if the bill proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maine had been proposed by a purser
in the Navy, had been written out by a purser in
the Navy, it would have been probably precisely
what it is, for the Senator from Maine increases
the pay of pursers beyond what the committee
propose m this way; although he takes the same
amount of money and gives it to a purser, he
makes him reach the highest pay in fifteen years,
instead, of twenty. No individual purser will get
more pay under the Senator's bill than under the
committee's; but more pursers will get the highest
pay. They will get it at an earlier period, and
therefore the pursers' grade takes a greater amount
of money than under the bill of the committee.
