1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I apply the same rule to
all of them, after fifteen years.
•Mr. MALLORY. While it does that with the
pursers, what does it do with the line officers? It
cuts down every line officer from the sum the
committee have proposed. It takes $375 from
the captains' sea pay. It cuts off the " other
duty" pay entirely from captains. It cuts off
the "other duty" pay of commanders, and the
leave pay of commanders, and cuts off one hun-
dred and eighty lieutenants, out of three hundred
and twenty-five, from receiving any additional
compensation at all. Let me tell the Senator from
Maine who these lieutenants are that he proposes
to cut off. I will take one single promotion of
them. Forty-nine lieutenants who will be bene-
% filed under the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator,have been,on an average, twenty-nine years
in the Navy, are forty-five years of age, and have
been to sea an average of fifteen years. Those
forty-nine, only, would receive the highest pay
of lieutenants under his bill—$2,250. Then there
are thirty-five lieutenants who have been in the
service an average of twenty-six years, whose
average age is forty years, who were thirteen
years passed midshipmen, who would receive
42,000. Then there are sixty-six lieutenants who
nave been in the Navy an average of twenty-one
and a quarter years, whose average ago is thirty-
weven years, who would receive just $1,750, that
is, only $250 at sea more than they leceive now;
and these men are thirty-seven years of age, with
families, with from three to eight children. That
is, one hundred and fifty lieutenants would re-
ceive somewhat increased pay under his amend-
ment.
There are ninety officers who have been in the
Navy on an avctage of nineteen years, whose
average age is thirty-four years, who will receive
no increased compensation at all by it. There are
forty-eight officers who have been an average of
** twelve yearn in the service, who an- twenty-eight
and a half years of age, who will receive no in-
creased pay al oil; and there are thirty-six officers
who have been ten and a half years in the service,
and who are twenty-six and a Ji.df years of age,
who will receive no increase at all. I fere are
one hundred and seventy-four, out of your three
hundred and twenty-live lieutenants, who will not
be benefited one single dftne by the increase pro-
posed by the Senator fiom Maine; and thus, while
cutting off the very working claws of the Navy—
the young men wlio are now abroad doing your
duty—you are putting pursers' pay up to ihe very
highest notch, and subtrae,ting live years from the
duration of service, proposed by the committee,
before they get it. It may be denominated, a
pursers' bill.
Why this distinction in favor of pursers? Is
theie anything about the grade of purser that he
should be fanned ni this way, in preference to a
lieutenant? His is the most favoiedgrade m the
Navy; his place is much preferable to that of a
post captain. His commission dates—and he is
the oniy officer whose commission thus dates—
from the day he gets it. We appointed one here
- a day or two ago, who was a clerk in a Depart-
ment. We appoint them from all professions, or
from no profession. No preliminary education
is essential. No previous pursuits of any partic-
ular kind arc required. No examination is insti-
tuted. Anybody makes a purser in the Navy;
and his commission dates fiom his appointment,
and Iks jumps at once into £>2,000 more pay than
an officer who has been to sea thirty years. Am
I wrong in saying it is a favored ^rade' lie
gives a bond of ^25,000, and his moijcy respons-
ibility commences on board .ship, and that is the
reason wiiy his pay is put up; and that is thereason
which induced the committee to put pursers* pay
up to what is proposed for that guide.
Il, however, the lieutenants are to be cut down,
then all the other grades should be cat down also;
or rather, if lieutenants are to be cut down, do
not pyss anybill at all. If you cannot pny these
younglieutenants who do yourduty,pass no bill.
l\v\U vote against any increase in the pay of the
Navy, unless it embraces these men. Of the
ninety lieutenants whom it is proposed to reject,
whose ages average thirty-four years, and some
ofwiiom have live or six children, sixty-fight of
them entered the Navy in J841. I take then av-
erage af sixteen years on entering; that is about
the average age at the Academy. They were six
years midshipmen, and four years of that time
were passed at sea, and frequently during that time
they did the duty of master. The present aver-
age age of these sixty-eight officers is thirty-four
years, their average sea-service is nearly thirteen
years, and of these sjxty-eight over thirty have
families. It is not proposed to benefUthcm atall.
They get no increase under the proposition of the
Senator from Maine. The Senator tells me he will
shorten the term. That may embrace them;but
it depends on how much he shortens it whether it
will do so or not. But still the committee's ob-
jection will bo, and I think the Senate will agree
to it, that we ought not to abandon the principle
of sea-service.
Before the matter escapes my mind, let me here
say, that every Secretary of the Navy, so far as
my knowledge has extended, has regarded sea-
service as the highest merit m an officer; and al-
though the Department finds itself unable to en-
force sea-service very often, still, when parties are
applicants for favorable commands, and their
claims are about equal, the sea-service determines
it. It is an apt and common expression of a Sec-
retary to say " this man is entitled to anything he
demands." Why? Because ho has seen so much
sea-service. The man who goes to sea divides
his income: lie pays two mess bills; his house is
divided; his expenses, if not doubled, are very
nearly so; while a man who remains on shore, at a
navy-yard or elsewhere, has probably comforta-
ble quarters; at some of them ho has; at all events,
he will not go to sea if, according to the Sena-
tor's bill, you make the pay dependent upon the
length of time he may have been in thegrade, and
not upon his sea-service.
Of the sixty-eight officers to whom I have drawn
the attention of the Senate, numbering on the Re-
gister from one hundred and seventy-one to two
hundred and thirty-nine, foity-two arc now at
sea.
AIi. TRUMBULL. While the Senator from*
Floi idulias these calculations in his hand, I should
like to inquire of luni what is the average age of
peisoils who beeome lieutenants in the Navy ?
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the Senator
now that the only way, perhaps, to average it,
will be to see what the age is of the cadet when
hecnters the Academy. We will take itatsixteen;
fourteen is the minimum, lie is sixteen when he
enters the Academy. lie is there four years; he
then goes to sea, and, three years afterwards, he
passes his examination, at twenty-thiee. Now,
then, it depends upon what the condition of the
two grades above him is before he becomes a lieu-
tenant. I have made as near an approximation
to acciuaey as possible, and i make it between
twenty-six and twenty-seven years of age.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When they become lieu-
tenants ;
Mr. MALLORY. Yes; when they become
lieutenants.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question I designed
to ask was, whether the Senator had computed
what the average age of the persons now lieuten-
ants was, at the time they became lieutenants.
Mr. MALLORY. I have given the age of every
grade that will reccne particular pay. For ex-
ample, only the first forty-nme, according to the
proposition of the Senator from Maine, will get
$2,250. Their age is forty-live years 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was not my ques-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. In order to give the Senator an
intelligent answer, it would be necessary to state
what was the average age of the lieutenants in the
Navy who became lieutenants prior to the action
of the retiring board. Then1 have been young
men who have become lieutenants since the re-
tiring board, m consequence of the action of that
bonrd.
Mr. MALLOHY. I do not think that there is
one under twenty-six.
Mr. GRIMES. But there arc others who did
not become lieutenants until after they were thirty.
The young men now at the Naval Academy will
not become lieutenants until they are thirty
Mr. MALLORY. There are many, ui my
judgment, who will not become lieutenants until
'they are thirty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it will not interrupt the
S'.nator fiom Floiida, I will state why I asked the
question. It was witha view to thegradesof pay
according to the umeof sorviceas orovided in these
bills. I do not understand the principle of it. It
seems to me to be fundamentally wrong. For
instance: a lieutenant who has seen seven years'
service in the Navy, according to the bill of the
committee, is to receive $1,750 pay. If he has
seen thirteen years' sea-service, he is to receive
$,2,250—and addition of $500. 1 cannot see why
a man who has seen thirteen years'service should
receive any more pay for discharging the same
duty than a man who has seen seven years' service.
The object I had in asking the question as to the
ages, was to ascertain if it was upon the principle
that the family were probably larger with the per-
son who had seen the most service; because I take
it that a man's expenses, according to the ordinary
average, would be most when he was from forty
to fifty years of age. His expenses would ordi-
narily diminish after that, as his family;grew up.
I do not see why a man who has been in the ser-
vice thirteen years should have any more than a
man who has been in the service seven years. No
such piinciplc as that prevails elsewhere. Wo do
not pay a judge who goes upon the bench any
more after fie has served twenty-five years, than
when he first enters on the discharge of his duties;
and I wanted to ascertain, if I could, how old the
lieutenants who had served seven years were;
what was their average age.
Mr. MALLORY. About twenty-seven, I sup-
pose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But will they have served
as lieutenants seven years when they are twenty-
seven ?
Mr. MALLORY. The bill does not propose
that they shall have served as lieutenants, but that
they shall have seen that much sea-service. They
have seen it in other grades; they have been act-
ing lieutenants as masters. I have spoken to very
little effect, if I have not shown to the Senator from
Illinois the principle which induced the committee
to adopt these gradations. I have spoken to very
little effect, if I have not shown him that it is de-
sired to letam sca-serviceas the highest reason for
payment at all.
Mr. ■GRIMES. If the Senator will allow me, I
think the Senator from Illinois evidently misap-
prehends the remark of the chairman of trie Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. He asks this question;
How old will a lieutenant probably be who will
have seen seven years' sea-service? I apprehend
that he must be about forty years of age at that
time.
Mr. MALLORY. To have seen it as a lieu-
tenant?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; that is the question
he asks, how old will a lieutenant probably have
been when he has seven years' sea-service.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator has the Regis-
ter there; he can look at the column and sec it.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied. It was only in
regard to the question of the Senator from Illinois
that I spoke.
Mr. MALLORY. It can be seen in the Register.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would require a calcu-
lation, and I thought the Senator from Florida had
already made it.
Mr. MALLORY. I have not got it before mo.
We have very few grades in our service. There
are three grade of admirals in the British navy,
and three giades of captains, and one grade of
commodores. We have none of these grades in
our service, although the act of Congress estab-
lishing aNavy originally provided that we should
have an admiral, vice admiral, rear admiral, and
commodore. That was the original act of 1797;
but we have not provided these grades. It is im-
portant—and 1 think the Senator from Illinois will
concur with me in this—that as the lieutenants
have to remain in this grade a great many years,
as you cannot promote them, to let them every
lew years step into a little higher pay, and make
that higher pay dependent on the hardest nature
of service, and not give it to those who do not see
the hard service at sea, but sec service on shore
or see none atall. It is to pay for sea-service;
that is the principle. If the Senator from Illinois
thinks service at sea should be no moic compen-
sated than service on shore or no service at all,
then the objection is met by the substitute of the
Senator from Maine; because his increase goes as
well to the officer who has performed no service
as to the officer who has performed alkthc ser-
vice. He makes the pay dependent on the time
spent on the roll, not on the service the officer has
