2342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
local to the Territory, and not national, to extend
throughout the limits of the whole Republic.
That was one of the promised benefits of that
measure; and if it had tended even to accomplish
that object, much more if it had accomplished it,
it would have been a great benefit to this country.
You framed the Kansas-Nebraska bill with that
view. You gave them large powers of self-go v-
ernment. To be sure they were, as of necessity
they muvSt be, subject to this Government, liable
to be changed or taken away at any time it was
thought proper bythis Governmcntto do so; but
still, you did it with the very purpose of trans-
ferring all these slavery questions to them. Sir,
the act itself has not produced the promised con-
sequences; butwhen we look back to it, and when
we interpret it, we must know that was one of
the purposes and objects in view of the legisla-
tors who passed that bill.
The effects of that law have been modified, to
be sure, by the decision of the Supreme Court.
I do not know, I will not interpret it to pay, that
that law would have warranted the Legislature
of Kansas in excluding slavery altogether, if it
had been in the power of Congress to have granted
such a power. It was not known whether it was
in the power of Congress or not. The case of
Dred Scott was then depending, and not decided.
The case of Dred Scott determines that Congress
had not the power, and of course could not, by
the Kansas act, give it. The Kansas act could
not confer the power of expelling slavery, or ex-
cluding it, upon the Legislature of the Territory
of Kansas. The power w.is limited then by that
decision. But for that decision, I think it would
he difficult to deny that the Kansas-Nebraska bill
gave full power to the territorial government on
the subject. "Power to regulate their own do-
mestic institutions in their own way." What
broader terms could be used ? " Power to act on
all subjects of rightfuliegislation." What excep-
tion can you make to the generality of these
powers? The Constitution, as subsequently in-
terpreted by the Federal court, I acknowledge,
declares that slavery is nota subject of legislation
on the part of Congress.
Mr. President, I do not want to enlarge upon
this subject. My object is to be as brief as pos-
sible. I say, then, I assume that, and I shall vote
for that resolution. I do not see that that reso-
lution has proclaimed aense which would author-
ize Congress to undertake the responsibility of
now interposing and now legislating for the pro-
tection of slavery. I do not know that there arc nut
sufficient laws now for its protection m any Ter-
ritory. 1 have no such knowledge myself. No
such case has been proclaimed here, and the reso-
lutions arc to fay the foundations of remedies for
cases to arise hereafter. If there had been any
existing, my friend from Mississippi, as the care-
ful and able guardian of these rights, would have
introduced a bill giving that protection, instead of
a vain resolution that operates nothing—proclaims
the mischief, and yet forbears to give redress.
That would not have been his course if there was
an existing ease* There is no case now; there
can arise no case hereafter, because there is no
Territory to which slavery is likely to go.
To produce the-grievance, what must occur?
To produce the grievance not now existing,in any
future Territory, or in any Territory now exist-
ing, we must suppose it to be so desirable as to
allure slaveholders with their slaves to settle in
it. Is there any probability of that? Where is
the Territory to which it will go? Well, sir, you
are to make that improbable conjecture; but that
will not raise the case. You must suppose that,
when the slaves have been carried to this new Ter-
ritory, the Legrslaturn of the territorial govern-
ment will act hostilely towards it, and, by un-
friendly legislation, attempt to drive it out or to
impair its value if it remains. You are to sup-
pose a Territory for them; you are to suppose
their migration to that Territory; and then you
are to suppose that the legislators of that country,
in violation of the duties imposed upon them by
the constitutional law as it has been interpreted
and laid down, will assail„& property there by law,
by the assumption of rights; that they will assail
a property that is there by the Constitution of the
United States. All these suppositions have to
be made, in order to get a case out of which this
grievance can arise.
What apprehension is there, then, to be enter-
tained of an evil depending upon so many im-
probable events—an evil that can only result from
so many contingencies? We must he prompt, we
must be prone as well as prompt, it seems, to
controversy, if we can presume all these things for
the future; if we can presume that with so much
zeal.as to bring them forward, and make the fu-
ture, the possible future, a cause of present mis-
chief and of present quarrel, further to disturb the
peace of this great country. Sir, I do not think
it is right. When you have got them there; when
all these contingencies happen, and this improb-
able mischief, this improbable grievance, has been
complained of and is upon us, it will then be a
question of consideration, how far, under what
circumstances, under what extremity of evil, it
will be best for this Government to interpose.
The question will notbe, whether a private wrong
has been done to A, B, or C, in the property of
his slaves, but the question will be then one of
great national expediency with a just regard for
the rights of individuals, with a just and sacred
determination to maintain them under all proper
circumstances; fori holdthatGovernmentis made
for the protection of rights. Government is but
the combination of the powers of all to protect
the rights, and to protect the lives and liberties, of
each. That is the origin of Government, and the
substance and end of all true Government; but
still there must be a prudence in the management
of that Government. There are a thousand con-
siderations thatthelegislatorhas to take into view.
The interests of all are concerned. So it is with
every question of expediency; and this must be
a question of expediency also with this Govern-
ment,when to interpose, and when not to interpose.
It may be said, upon principle in general, that
the local government is the government best qual-
ified to take care of the local interests of the coun-
try in which they govern. Here is one subject,
however, placed beyond their control—slavery.
They are taught that this is property,and entitled
to protection as such.. I do not mean to make
any question about property in slaves or property
in the service of slaves. It is all one and the
same thing; and I imagine that the slaveholder
docs not care, how it is denominated so that the
substance of his right to the practical enjoyment
of it is left to him. If the gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber reject the idea of property in
man, and say that it is but property in the ser-
vice of man, as service is ail that can be obtained
from the slaves, it is perfectly equivalent, in my
judgment, and, foi one, I would be peifeetly sat-
isfied with that.
That propejty is to be protected, and must be
protected, when necessary; but 1 confess,like the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.Toombs,] J should
be very slow to interpose the positive authority
of this Government, unless the case was one im-
periously and by necessity, as it were, demand-
ing it. f would try other means, even to the abo-
lition of the territorial government, and a change
of its form, a change of its administiators; but
protection at hist the man is entitled to; and if
the Government cannot give it to him, or thinks
it would be detrimental to the interests of the na-
tion to forbear in consequence of great national
evils that might be anticipated, let them pursue
that policy. The sulus populi is at last the great
law of ail communities, of all nations. It must
influence our interpretations and our considera-
tion of all questions of mere expediency. If the
Go\ eminent does not think proper to interfere and
furnish protection, let tin; Government ind- nimfy
the citizen for the wrongs he has suffered. There
might be cases of that sort.
But, sir, 1 did not intend to go into these imag-
inary cases. That was not my purpose. It was
to express the opinion that there was no necessity
for it now, m the midst of all the strife we have
had on the subject, and it is not likely any future
grievance will arise, because of the want of ter-
ritory m which it could occur. If any territory
should be found which would attract slaveholders
with that property there, itis not to be piesumed
that a Territorial Legislature, subordinate as it is
to this Government—its Governor liable to be
turned out, its judges liable to be all turned out by
the President in a moment—would Jake upon itself,
in the very face of the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, to legislate against
slavery, for the purpose of destroying or impair-
ing the value of the property of one of their fel-
low-citizens. Would the Governor allow it so
far as he could help it? Would the judges allow
it, with the certain knowledge that their removal
from office would be, as it ought to be, the con-
sequence of such a departure from their duty i
There would be a just apprehension on the part
of the whole Territory that the Government of
the United States, who had given them these
large powers, and the privileges of exercising a
sort of self-government, might take away power
from the hands of those who defied the public
authority, and abused the trust with which they
had been invested. Would they not be under the
just apprehension that all these powers would he
taken away by the Government whose authority
they had abused ? Would not that restrain them
from any attempts at the violation of the prop-
erty of their neighbors ? I want the people of the
United States to consider all these things, and
subdue the alarms \\ibich they now feel, as though
there were an instant overhanging danger upon
the country.
Sir, there is nothing so marvelous in the history
of the country, under its present aspect, as the agi-
tation which now exists throughout its borders,
compared with the general prosperity which pre-
vails. In all its glorious progress, did ever this
country exhibit a fairer picture of human pros-
perity and human happiness than it does to-day?
Nature has bestowed all her bounties. This is a
land of plenty and abundance, without weight or
measure; the freest Government on earth. What
citizen of this Republic is unlawfully imprisoned
to-day, from one end of thiscountry to the other?
What white man can say he is unjustly oppressed
by the Government? Do ypu know of one ? Does
anybody know of one ? Can such a thing be said
of any country on the face of the globe but 'our
own? Prisoners of state canbefound everywhere
else. The voice of oppression can be heard else-
where. In our country that voice is unknown.
And yet, sir, these agitations upon tlfts subject
have cieated a discontentfrom one end of the land
to the other. The minds of the people arc dis-
turb* d in the m dst of all this prosperity.
The Republican party,it seems to me, has taken
some progress; but, I must say this beautiful pic-
ture of peace and happiness has received its only
wound from the agitation which they have main-
tained oil the subject of slavery. I say this in a
spirit of the most perfect fraternity. We enter
on a cause productive of evils without knowing,
without intending them. We are ur^ed on, and
one step is taken after another, until we see the
evil and regret it; but other interests and other
passions, and other purposes, still urge lis on,
and we take the hazard of all the evils we see.
It is said it is but agitation; that will destroy no-
body. Sir, moderation is demanded of us now
on all sides. The restoration of peace and tran-
quillity is all that is necessary to consummate that
national prosperity and that national happiness
to which I have referred. Providence has done
everything for us, and we are the authors of all
that mars the picture. Is there any real or sub-
stantial cause for pursuing a course in politics
that we see and know has led to this discontent
and this alienation? Is there any object that you
can accomplish by it that is at all worth that? Is
there any price too high for that which will pur-
chase the restoration of kindness and natural
affection with a brother with whom we have been
offended? What price would you not set upon
that,and what sacrifice would you notmakefoi it?
You are told if you are af the altar ready with
your offering, and remember that your brother is
offended with you, to lay down your offering,go
and be reconciled to your brother, and then go
i and offer to your Makerthe evidence of yourde-
I votion. We should employ a little of that spirit -
! with our own people. Let us all do that, North
and South.
Mr. President, I speak of these subjects with a
judgment as firm and determined as my judgment
is capable or susceptible of, but without any un-
kindness, much less with acrimony. I am one
of those who would desiie before I make my of-
fcringeven to be reconciled to my brother. Men
must be supposed to intend all that thciracts tend
to produce. They are the author of them whether
they hold themselves responsible or not. They
are not more responsible for the act they do, than
they are for the natural, probable, ensuing con-
sequences of the act. There have been indiscre
