1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2343
tions on all sides. The blame has not been on
one side, so far as ill language and mutual re-
proaches are concerned; it has been on all sides.
The controversy of bitter words once commenced
spreads everywhere, though you may not be able
to find the beginning of it.
But now, if what I have said in relation to the
probability of slavery desiring or seeking to be
carried into these Territories be at all true, what
reason is there for your pursuing a policy which
the circumstances of Kansas did at one time seem
to give some plausibility to? That is settled. That
was the great cause which led you to action. It was
so proclaimed. The object was to repair the wrong
done to Kansas by the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, or in consequence of it. That was
the mischief complained of. To redress that was
the ground on which this now powerful and great
party arrayed itself. That you have accom-
plished. You have accomplished it by ways and
means that must have been disagreeable to you
in their consequences. You saw that it offended
your brethren; you saw that it injured your breth-
ren. The discussion of such a subject, pressed
to their very borders, pressed over their borders,
and among their slaves, could not be otherwise
than hurtful, as well as offensive. As States of
this Union, in the language of these resolutions,
they considered themselves pledged to hold fast
to and to give all necessary aid and comfort to
every State with which they were associated m
the union—to all their sister States;^to use that
language which signifies affectionate relations.
But in inconsistence with, whether or not in vio-
lation of, those relations, whether falsely or inad-
vertently done, yon brought these heated discus-
sions up to the very bordets of your sister States.
The voice went abroad through their land of a
character calculated to produce insurrection, cal-
culated to produce every crime known to us. Was
this right? You say you have a tight to discuss
the morality of every subject that affects any of
your countrymen, in order to inform them and
reason with them. As a general proposition it
is true, and such admonition ought, perhaps, to
be thankfully received. But ibis is a case where
every man must see exceptional reasons apply.
This is an exception. Would a military man, a
commander-in-chief, be justified in acting upon
this doctrine of allowing every evil to be de-
nounced, and giving a free and unlimited and
chartered right to all who choose to discuss these
evils; to give out their own undigested ideas, for-
eign ideas, novel ideas, in order to influence oth-
ers? Would that be tolerated in a camp? Sup-
pose one of the good men of the world now, who
is the advocate of universal peace, and looks upon
war as the greatest of all human crimes—sup-
pose one of these apostles of peace were to insist
upon going into the camp, and, as one of the
means of preventing war, to endeavor to disband
the army of his country: would you not hold
the "commander-in-chief guilty who should allow
that man to preach with all his eloquence to the
soldiers the great virtue of deserting the standaid
of their country, and of being ministers of the
great peace system, which they would accom-
plish some part of by running away from their
country'sstandard; by risingin mutiny,and put-
tingan end to those officers who, if notdestroyed,
might be courting wars hereafter to teach them
the tyranny that was exercised over them by
their officers, and say to them, "you arc here
inveigled into camp for a few dollars; you are, in
the morning, drilled by the sergeant; you are
made to hold yourselves in this way, and in that
way, and to play the very slave before him; now,
can you as freemen bear this; rise, assert your
rights, and make your way to peace everywhere
over the land?" what is the difference between
that and the course to which I have just alluded?
Sir, I make these re-marks in no spiritof offense.
You have received wrongs, and you have inflicted
some. In the controversies of this world it never
happens that all the wrong is on one side, and all
the right on the other. No such exquisite divisions
arc made on this earth. Where there is a long
quarrel existing, a long trouble, all the wrong is
never on one side; all the right is never on one
side. A knowledge of this should teach us all
moderation. That is the great duty we owe our
country. The little petty duties we owe our party
are as nothing; yet in practice we seem to place
them above the great duty to our country.
Now I see that this one of the great parties of
the country to which I have alluded,after having
accomplished the object which it put forth to the
world as its only object, still says that the exist-
ing state of things demands the perpetuation of
that party. You now find cause for perpetuating
it. It has increased in power. What is the rea-
son why it should be perpetuated ? Is it to be
perpetuated? Is a party so founded, so created,
and upon such questions as make up the founda-
tion of the Republican party, now to declare the
necessity of its perpetuation for the purpose of
enforcing and enjoying political power? If you
enjoy it according to the tenure by which you
have obtained it, you must do it with all this anti-
slavery sort of warfare*by which it has arisen.
As long as you stand arrayed in that way on the
borders of your sister States where slavery ex-
ists—and I regret to be compelled by the neces-
sity of the case to use the word " slavery" here
—while you stand thus, you disturb their peace.
You do not intend, the groat liberal and enlight-
ened portion of this body, who keep up this paity
for the purpose of its political rewards and its
political honors, do not intend really to do any
actual mischief to the other States. You acknowl-
edge their rights; you declare against the invasion
of these rights; but that declaration does nothing;
that declaration restrains no man's arm. Do you
not know that when you are denouncing slavery
with all its horrors, and with all its immoralities
as it presents itself to your minds, though you
will not actually strike, yet there arc others by
your side who may strike; that there are others
not so enlightened, intelligent, or forbearing, who,
urged on by your own very doctrines, will take
upon themselves the lawless and the murderous
task, by their own means and their own bloody
hands, of enforcing your doctrines? You have
found that in one instance; you may find it in
others; and of what advantage is all this? None
that I can sec. I know you, gentlemen; and I
know that there is not one of you here who would
countenance such an act. I know it would not
be more abhorrent to me than it would be to you.
But when you sec that these things will follow in
the course of that great host which you lead on
in political warfare, and that they will act, as they
suppose,upon your own lessons and instructions,
though perhaps misinterpreted, and do the mis-
chief that you would scorn; that they will do the
mischief that may be fatal to the peace of their
country; that one hand may hold the brand that
bums down the temple; when you know that
there is such a danger as that upon you, a dan-
ger that you cannot suppress, does it not show
you the necessity of a more temperate and mod-
erate course on this subject ? Imitate the action
of our fathers. You often appeal to the fathers,
and it is a sacred appeal that ought to go to every
heart. You appeal to the fathers: from 1790down
to 1835, for forty-five long years, did our fathers
ever breathe out dissension or agitation in this land
on this subject? I cite this merely to show that
the thing may be done, and it has been done. It
was done by our fathers; and are we so degener-
ate already that we cannot do the same thing''
We have got into mutual excitements on this
subject, mutual rights, mutual wrongs; and I will
not stop here now to inquire who is most to blame.
I might find fault with you, but I do not choose
now to stop here and make the inquiry, whether
you are most to blame or your brethren of the
South. You are both, no doubt, to blame. The
sooner we can put an end to this strife, the better.
I am one of those who believe confidently in this
Union; its poliUcalstability, its everlasting power
and stability. Though we talk lightly about its
overthrow, it is not to be overthrown. It has a
foundation too broad. We can well turn over this
world, and say this Government occupies a large
portion of it. This Government has the whole
land for its foundation; and every true heart within
that land is one of the pillars to sustain it; and
every true hand, one of the hands by which it is
to be maintained and defended, whetherNorthor
South. Why, then, shall we, bound togetherby
such noble sentiments as well as by such great
and controlling interests, make little quarrels now
to bring our peace, at any rate, to the very verge
of ruin, and, humanly speaking, to bring our
country in danger, and our Union and our Con-
stitution? The Constitution and the Union are
one and the same thing. You must preserve both,
or neither is preserved. The one rests on the
other. It is this very Government, this identical
Government, that makes all this great country
ours; that makes this American liberty which we
enjoy, our liberty. Shall we fritter away in little
broils and petty controversies, as they aref, all
these great gifts, all these great endowments wh ich
we have received from ourTathers and that Prov-
idence which is above us all? Look back. You
have no reason for perpetuating a party that car-
ries in its hands the signal of war to every south-
ern State—at any rate, those States so regard it
-—and every step of your march is pregnant with
influences full of "mischief, not intended by you,
but operating upon the mind of the more enthu-
siastic and superstitious. I deplore this strife.
I see the mischief. That mischief will continu-
ally increase. It is of the nature of mischief to
increase. It grows by what it feeds on. It feeds
on the Constitution and the institutions of the
country. It feeds on the hearts of our country-
men. It is there to corrode; it is there to displace
all kindly and affectionate feelings which ought
to unite us as countrymen, and to putin a poison
that shall create nothing but spleen and enmity.
That is what this question foods on; and, feeding
on that, it will continue to grow more loathsome
and more detestable and more dangerous day by
day.
Mr. President, I did not intend any part of all
this, and I am sorry for the time I have occupied,
and 1 shall not occupy the time of the Senate any
further. I will merely say a word further. I
have notwparticipated in some of the rtiain topics
that have been debated on these resolutions. With
all the discussions in relation to party platforms
and the Charleston convention I have nothing to
do, nor have I to do with that which may be con-
sidered as the more domestic concerns of myself
and my colleague in relation to the Democratic
character of the State of Kentucky. Sir, I shall
have no debate orcontroversy as to the statements
that have been made on that subject. My col-
league has made them in all sinceiity, I have no
doubt. This is all I have to say about it—that I
hope and trust in God that the people of Kentucky
will do whatsoever they find right upon every oc-
casion on which the State is called on to act. I
look to her honor and look to the preservation of
her high character, to do what is best for her
countiy whenever her country's danger or her
country's interests shall summon her to act. I
will not tic her to the tail of a Democratic paigty
or to the tail of any other party to be dragged
along. Shte belongs to no party, sir. Free and
independent as she was of old, she is yet, and
nobody has a right to count upon her, except we,
who calculate that she will do what honor and
patriotism dictate. We can safely sa^ she will
do that, if left unbiassed by extraordinary cir-
cumstances to control her.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright ■
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] to the resolution offered by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Ci,ingman.} The res-
olution of the Senator from North Carolina is in
these words, to bo inserted after the fourth res-
olution of the scries before the Senate:
Resolved, That tlie existing condition of the Territories
of the United States does not require the intervention of
Congress for the protection of property in slaves.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
moves to amend it by; striking qut the word
" not." The question is on the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Brown, Clay, Iverson, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, and Yulee—-5.
NAYS —Messrs. Benjamin, Biglcr, Bingham, Bragg,
Bright, Chandler, Chewiut, Clark, Clingman, Collamer,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolutle, Fitzpatrick, Toot,
Green,Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mallory,
Mason, Nicholson, Pearee, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Se-
bastian, Slide!], Ten Eyck, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,Wig-
fall, and Wilson—-43.
So the amendment was rejected; and the ques-
tion rocurred upon the resolution of Mr. Clings
man.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to olfer an amend-
ment; and I ask that the resolution may he read,
so that I may see where my amendment is to
come in.
The Secretary read the resolution:
Hcsolvcdf That the existing condition of the Territories
