1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•§28f
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ROYCE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. TAPPAN. I rise to a privileged question.
This is private bill day, and as there seems to be
a great disposition upon the other side of the
House to take up the bills on the Private Calendar,
and consider them in their order, I now move that
to-day be made " objection day" for the consid-
eration of the bills which have passed the Court
of Claims and the Senate, and are now before this
House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from New
Hampshire misapprehends this side of the House
in that particular. We are willing to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar, but not to make it "objection day."
Mr. TAPPAN. Then I will modify my mo-
tion, and move to take up the bills winch have
passed the Court of Claims and the Senate, and
which ought to be considered by this House.
Mr. BRANCH. No discrimination. Lotus
take up the bills upon the Calendar in their order.
Mr. TAPPAN. Then I move that the House
resolve itself in to a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
J. W. NYE.
Mr. CARTER. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to ask the House to pass Senate bill No. 474,
for the relief of J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter
Bargy, jr. and Hugh Stewart.
Mi. REAGAN. I shall object.' I have been
trying for more than three months, to get up a
claim, one of the first upon the Calendar, and I
have not been able to get the floor. The gentle-
man from New York has had the floor quite re-
cently.
Mr. TAPPAN. Is my motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is, unless you allow the
gentleman from New York to state his case.
Mr. TAPPAN. Well, I will yield to him.
Mr. REAGAN 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes the gen-
tleman will allow it.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman had the floor
assigned to him once or twice recently.
The SPEAKER. That is true; he has had it.
Mr. CARTER. Thejustice of this claim is so
manifest, that it has been favorably reported on
by seventeen standing committees.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot be
called to order, because the floor has beenassigned
to him.
Mr. REAGAN. What is the question before
the House?
Mr. CARTER. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of putting upon its passage the bill
which I have indicated.
The bill was read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to that bill. There
never was a more unjust claim brought before
Congress than this claim of old man Nye. It has
been here Congress after Congress.
Mr. BRANCH. I would inquire how many
claims this party has pending before Congress?
Mr. CARTER. Three.
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is a cholera case.
The question was taken: and the rules were not
suspended (two thirds not voting in favor thereof.)
STEPHEN O. GIBBS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gives the floor
now to the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan.]
Mr. TAPPAN. Have I not the floor already ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
the gentleman yielded it.
Mr. TAPPAN. I understood that I was to
have it again when the gentleman from New York
concluded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no such
arrangement.
Mr. REAGAN. I shall not occupy it a mo-
ment.
Mr. TAPPAN. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that we go into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Texas
ought to have floor now. The gentleman from
New Hampshire yielded it.
Mr. TAPPAN. My motion is a privileged
one.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has had the
floor once or twice, and the gentleman from Texas
has not been able to get it. The Chair thinks lie
is entitled to it now.
Mr. TAPPAN. That does not meet the point
at all. 1 submit the question of order, whether,
on private bill day, I have not the right to make
my motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Texas in order.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 have not had the floor for
a motion of this kind three times during my ser-
vice here. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to take from the Private Calendar the bill
for the relief of Stephen 0. Gibbs.
I will state, with the permission o fthe House,
that Mr. Gibbs made a bid of $2,449 for a mail
contract. He was notified by the Department
that his bid had been accepted at $1,449. He im-
mediately perceived that there was some mistake,
and notified the Department that that was not his
bid, but that he would carry the mail until the
mistake could be rectified. He informed Dr.
Parson?, who drew the bid, that he had made the
mistake; that the amount should have been$2,449.
This was less than the average rate of carrying
the mail on that route. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, however, ascertained
that one bid had been received for $1,900, all the
other bids having been above $9,449; and they
have therefore drawn the bill so as to give him
the difference between what he received and the
lowest bid.
I will state, further, that he performed the ser-
vice faithfully, and that, in consequence of the
little compensation he received,he hasbeen broken
up and sold out. I trust that there will be no ob-
jection to allowing the bill to be taken up and
passed.
The bill was read.
Mr. WASHBITRNE, of Illinois. I am very
reluctant to interpose any objection to the bill
which my friend from Texas desires to have taken
up; but the House will bear mo witness that a few
days ago I endeavored to have a bill passed in the
case of the Lady Elgin, which was precisely of
this nature, and yet the House refused to suspend
the rules, although the very next day, upon the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, they
passed a bill of like character in the case of Sher-
lock & Shirley.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to debate.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I desire that
the bill proposed by the gentleman from Texas
may go through; but I desire also that another
bill, for the benefit of parties in my section of
country, may stand upon the same footing. I
will not object, therefore, to the proposition of
the gentleman from Texas to take up this bill;
and I have no doubt that when it is disposed of,
the Lady Elgin ease, which is as just a claim as
ever came before the Government', in which the
pay proposed to be allowed is less than they are
now receiving for the same service, will also be
taken up and passed. For the purpose of bring-
ing the matter before the House, I move to amend
the proposition of the gentleman from Texas by
inserting House bill No. 221.
Mr. BURNETT. That motion is notin order.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBUNE, of Illinois. With the un-
derstanding, then, that the case I have mentioned
shall next be taken up and passed, I am willing
that this bill slmll be passed.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to any such under-
standing. I do not believe there is a quorum in
the House; and to understand whether there is
or not, I move that the House do now adjourn;
and call for tellers upon the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. As there will be public
business here in a short time, I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw that motion, and allow me to
move that the House go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to that,
and withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. REAGAN. I submit the question of order
that the gentleman's motion-cannot take prece-
dence of mine, which is a motion to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques--
tion of order. The question is on the motion of
the gentleman from Texas to suspend the rules.
Mr. HSJJR.NETT called for tellers, on the mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hughes and:
Gurry were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
fifty-seven in the affirmative.
Mr. REAGAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk commenced to call the roll, but be-
fore the call was completed,
Mr. REAGAN said: To enable the House to
vote upon the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
I will, for the present, withdraw the motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew my motion to
suspend the rules, and go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I have no ob-
jection, however, to allowing any proposition, in
the mean time, to come in by unanimous consent.
OREGON GEOLOGICAL SCRYEY.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up Senate bill No. 149, making,,
appropriations to supply a deficiency in t,he ap-
propnations for the completion of the geological
survey of Oregon and Washington Territory.
Mr. CRAWFORD and others objected.
MILEAGE OP MEMBERS.
Mr. THEAKER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which' was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster Genera! be requested to
furnish to the House, at the commencement of the next ses-
sion, a statement of the distance, by the usual mail route,
fiorn the post otJieeof each Senaloi and member to the city
of Washington.
MICHAEL ZEITER.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to transmit to the House of Representatives, if, in
his judgment, not incompatible with the public interest,
copies of ail papers and eoirespondence m the Department
of State relating to tite ease of Michael Zeiter, a native of
France, a naturalized citizen of the United States, and a
citizen of the State of Ohio, wilo lias been forced to per-
form military service in the French army.
CAPITOL EXTENSION.
Mr.MARSTON asked the consentof the House
to enable him to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
transmit to the Iloit-e of Representatives all the correspond-
ence between Tliomas II. Walter, the architect of the Cap-
itol extension, and Captain M. Meigs, former superin-
tendentof the Capitol extension, in art;, way relating tothe
construction of the Capitol extension and the adduion to
the Post Othee; also, ail the coriespondence between the
Secretary and the above paities,or either of them, relating
to the same subject, together with such orders or instruc-
tions, if any, as he inay have issued to Captain Meigs, from
time to time, conceriiingliis duties as superintendent of the
Capitol extension; and that the same be printed for the use
of the members of the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that resolution.
I think we have already had enough of Captain
Meio-s
& SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill explanatory of the act
to extend the provisions of the act to enable the
State of Arkansas and other States to reclaim the
swamp lands within their limits to Minnesota
and Oregon, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
ARIZONA COURTS.
Mr. BURCH asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce a joint resolution legalizing the judicial
proceedings of the provisional courts of the pro-
posed Territory of Arizona, with a view to put
the same on its passage,
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. BURCH. I ask, then, that the bill may be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to that.
The bill was accordingly reatt a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
