1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
"would presume that n motion to reconsider, made
within proper time, would suspend the effect of
thp vpfprr>nrp
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The Chair is right in
that decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the motion is withdrawn.
TERRITORIAL POLICY.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Missouri
had the floor on the resolution of the Senator from
Ohio, but he cannot proceed at this hour; if,
therefore, the Senate will take up the resolution,
as I have some remarks to submit, and as this jf
about as good a time as any to submit them, I
will do so, and the Senator from Missouri may
go on to-morrow. I move to take up the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, which
' was submitted by Mr. Pugii on Dcccmber 15.
1859:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing so
much of thy acts appioved September 9, 1850, tor the or-
fanization of teintorial governments in New Mexico and
rtah, as requires that all the laws passed by the Legisla-
tures of those Territoiies shall be submitted to Congress
for approval or rejection.
The pending question being on the following
amendment submitted by Mr. Harlan, to add:
And said committee is also instructed to inquire into the
propriety of authorizing the people of each of said Terri-
tories to elect all their tenitorial ofliccrs, executive, legis-
lative, and judicial, m such manner as the LegisJatuics
thereof shall provide.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugi-i,] in a speech delivered a
few days since in this Chamber, took occasion to
re%d some extracts from a speech made by mo on
the 2Gth day of July, 1848, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, whilst 1 was a member of that body.
The object of the Senator in making tins refer-
ence was to show that I was once in favor of the
doctrine of4€ popular sovereignty," as now under-
stood and advocated by that Senator and those
who agree with him in the northern States.
Perhaps, sir, it would be sufficient for me, if I
admitted the charge, to refer the Senator to an
extract of a speech delivered by me at Griffin, in
the State of Georgia, on the 14th of July last, in
which, speaking of that doctrine, I said:
"I shall not stop hero to aigue the doctrmc of congres-
sional protection to slavery m the Terntono*, nor to com-
bat the eirois of {Mjuatter sovereignty.' I take the occa-
sion to confess that i was orieo the advocate ot the latter
heresy—cariied away by its attractive but delusive sophis-
try, which, like the 'ignis fatuus^hue*,on\y to destroy, and
without serious examination into its tiuthand general bear-
ings and looking at it a  the onlyalternative of the Wilrnot
proviso, I was ready to take it as the c best we could get.5
X was wrong, and X admit, regret, and recant the error.
Subsequent investigation and reflection f-oon convinced mc
thai the only true theoiy, in relation to territorial govern-
ments in the Union, is, that both the power and the duly are
conieiied and imposed upon Conji'Ch* to pass laws lor the
protection and regulation of <-] iveiv, wheievcr it exists or
mav exiM, upon the common soil. I am a? weil convinced
of the truth and propriety of this doctrine, as I am of the
doctrine of salvation declared to man m the carted Woid
of God. But whilst I insist upon the absolute right of the
southern people to legal piotection in the po-^es-sion and
enjoyment of theii slave propetry in the Terntoues of the
United States, and the power and duty of Congress to give
such protection, 1 utterly deny the power of Congress, under
the Constitution or otherwise, to exclude slavery fiom the
Territories, or of abolishing it, if thcic. To legulate and
protect the property of the citizen is one thing; to depiivo
him of it is another and altogether different thing. One is
not only within the power of all Governments, but is one
of the main objects and obligations of all Governments.
The other cannot be done in our Government and under
our Constitution, except for 'the public use,9 and not then
without just compensation to the owner. Sueli is the lan-
guage of the Federal Constitution."
Now, sir, if I ever did maintain the doctrine of
"popular sovereignty," as explained, advocated,
and enforced bv the Senator from Ohio and the
great maj ority of the northern Democracy, I have
long since changcd my opinion, and repudiated it
as a heresy; and certainly, sir, it is more honor-
able to renounce error, when convinced of one,
than to adhere obstinately to it. I commend the
candor and honesty, as well as the courage and
fortitude, which I have exhibited m this respect,
to the imitation of the Senator fioni Ohio. But,
sir, I fear that, instead of retracing the great error S
into which that Senator and thousands of his !
northern Democratic friends have fallen, In; and |
they, under the lead of the distinguished Senator !
from Illinois, [Mr.Douglas,] areplunging'deeper !
and deeper into the abyss of political error and
injustice.
But, sir, what did I say, in 184&, on the occasion
alluded to; and how far did I adopt or advocate
the doctrine of "squatter sovereignty" in the
Territories of the United States? Let the circum-
stances under which that speech was delivered be
stated and remembered. General Cass was th&
presidential candidate of the Democratic party,
of which I was a member. General Taylor was
the opposing candidate of the Whig party. The
Oregon bill was under discussion m the House.
The northern Free-Soil party having the majority
in that body, brought forward the Wilmot pro-
viso, excluding slavery from the Territory of Ore-
gon. The question was upon the adoption of that
proviso. My speech was intended mainly as an
attack upon that odious, unconstitutional, unjust,
and insulting indignity to the southern people.
General Cass had only a short time previously
produced his celebrated Nicholson letter, in which
he advocated the doctrine of" popular sovereign-
ty," or the non-intervention of Congress upon the
subject of slavery in the Territories. It was a
new doctrinc, or, at any rale, it was new to me.
It was plausible, and, even with the construction
which some then put upon it, and which now
seems to he the settled construction of the north-
ern Democracy, it was considered by many south-
ern men as less obnoxious to objection and less
dangerous in its practical results to the rights and
interests of the South than the "Wilmot proviso.
There were two constructions given to General
Cass's Nicholson letter. His southern friends
and supporters maintained that it meant only that
Congress was not to intervene to establish or ex-
clude slavery, but that the people of a Territory
were to be left free to the exercise of the power
of deciding the question of slavery or no slavery
when they came to form a constitution and State
government for admission into the Union. That
they have such power at such time, no portion of
the Democratic party, North or South, have ever
denied or disputed: and that power, to be exer-
cised in that way and at that time, has been uni-
versally approved by the southern people of all
parties. The southern opponents of General Cass
asserted that he meant to claim for the people of
a Territory the exclusive power and right to de-
termine that question at any time during their
territorial existcrfce, and that Congress could not
intervene to correct or annul their decision. Now,
sir, in my speech of 1848,1 expressly disclaimed
the intention to express any opinion or make any
decision upon the question of constitutional power,
either in Congress or the Territories, except so
far as to deny the power m Congress to prohibit
or excludc slavery. I did not affirm the doctrine
of congressional protection—neither did I assert
the right of the people of the Territories, during
their territorial existence, to decide the question
for themselves. I maintained only the total want
of authority in Congress to excludc slavery by
direct prohibition.
It l < true, sir, that, in the speech alluded to, I did
express my willingness, waiving the question of
power, to acquiesce, as a matter of expediency,
in the privilege of the people of the Territories
to establish or prohibit slavery at any time. I
did not admit it as a constitutional right. I con-
sidered it, and assented to it, only in the light of
expediency, and as contrasted in that respect to
the Wilmot proviso; and, sir, if emigration to the
Territories had been conducted from that time to
this, as of former years, in the natural and usual
way; if it had continued to flow into them through
the natural and regular channels; if it had been
left to the control and promptings of individual
interests and inclinations; if no extraneous and
extraordinary influcne.cs had been broughtto bear
upon it for the accomphshmentofpolitical objects;
if no spurious, hot-bed emigration had been
poured into the Territories, supported and en-
couraged by northern abolition aid societies, and
stimulated by the rabid anti-slavery feeling of the
free States; if the people of the Territories, formed
into political communities by gradual, regular, and
natural emigration, and after territorial govern-
ments had been instituted and conferred upon
them by Congress, had been left, uninfluenced by
outside pressure, to form their political and do-
mestic institutions for themselves, no southern
man would probably ever have complained of or
denied them that privilege, or have invoked the
power and duty of the Federal Government to
protect slaveholding emigrants in the possession
of their slave property.
But, sir, the history of emigration into the ter-
ritories "for the last ten or twelve years, has taught
the southern people a severe and salutary lesson.
It has opened their eyes to the inevitable effects
and fatal results of the " squatter sovereignty"
doctrine of General Cass and his northern friends.
The settlement and fato of California satisfied-me
and the whole South, that under that doctrine, as
the established policy of the Government, the
southern people,with their slave property, would
be as effectually excluded from all the puolip Ter-
ritories as they could possibly be by the Wilmot
proviso. The emigration to California was under
the general impression and understanding that
Congress would not interfere to change the local
Mexican law which prohibited slavery, but would
leave tho people to establish and regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way. Congress,
in fact, refused and neglected to establish any
territorial government, but loft the people, who
j swarmed into that country from the great northern
free-soil hive, to setup a government of their own,
and admitted her into the Union with an anti-sla-
very constitution. The "Free-Soil" majority
which then controlled Congress knew well that
such would be the result of the'i non-intervention'9.
action of the Federal Government. The northern
Whigs insisted upon positive prohibition. The
northern Democrats, whilst they repudiated the
Wilmot proviso, were unwilling to give the protec-
tion of Federal laws to slavery, and left the whole
subject to the people of the Territory. The result
was what all parties cxpected and anticipated, and
what all parties at the North desired ana intended.
The Mexican law prohibited slavery. Slavery
could not, therefore, be safely introduced into Cal-
ifornia. No man would risk such valuable pro-
perty when it had no reliable protection. Few of
the southern people emigrated to California; none
of them carried their slaves with them. Thecon-
sequcnce was inevitable. A State government
was formed, without any previous territorial gov-
ernment, and without the authority of Congress j
slavery was excluded, and the State admitted into 
the Union.
Sir, I saw then the practical operation of the
new dogma of " popular sovereignty." It roused
me, as well as the South generally7to a more crit-
ical examination of the whole subject, and I be-
came convinced at an early day that the doctrine of
"non-intervention," as interpreted by its northern
advocates, though plausible, was as erroneous as it
was delusive and fatal to the rights of the southern
people. I was, in 1850, one of the most decided
opponents of the admission of California into the
Union. I opposed the whole batch of the com-
promise measures of that memorable period. I
opposed them because they recognized tho doctrine
ofk 'squatter sovereign ty," and were founded upon
and connected with the admission of California
into the Union with a free-State constitution. Sir,
when the southern pe&ple, upon a more mature
investigation of the doctrine in question, and a
knowledge of its practical workings in the case of
California, came to understand its true character
and bearing, and to comprehend and appreciate
their just rights under the Constitution, and as
equals in the Confederacy, they universally repu-
diated and condemned it. And when the ICansas-
Nebraska bill was passed, receiving, asitdid, the
sanction of the great bodyof the southern people
of all parties, it was with the universal under-
standing at the South that it did not contain the
doctrine of " squatter sovereignty " as advanced by
General Cass, and subsequently so strenuously
sustained and urged by the distinguished Sena-
tor from Illinois, [Mr Douglas,} and his anti-
Lccompton friends. ♦
Tho languageof a part of the thirty-secondsec-
tion of that bill, as applicable to Kansas,reads as
follows:
" It being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legi-late slavery into any Territoiy or State, nor toexcludo
it therefrom, hut to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and i emulate their dome&tic institutions in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the United
States.1'
Now, sir, what we of the South understood by
this clause, was, that Congress was not to assume
the power or attempt to establish slavery in Kan-
sas or to exclude it therefrom—that Congress
should not declare, by resolution or law, either
