2344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
of the United States does not require the intervention of
Congress for the prptection of property in slaves.
Mr, COLLAMER. I propose, after the word
"not" and before the word " require," to insert
"and in our opinion never will'," so as to make
it read:
Resolved, That the existing condition of the Territories
of the United States does not, and in our opinion never
win, require, &c.
. Mr. PUGH. The Senator will have to strike
out the word "existing." If he leaves that in,
it will make nonsense of the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. It would be better to strike
out " existing," so as to declare simply that the
condition of the Territories docs not require, and
never will require, the proposed legislation. I
take it, Mr. President, that the gentlemen who
have just voted not to strike out the word " not"
from the proposition of the Senator from North
Carolina will vote for it with that word "not"
in. They have voted to keep it in, and I sup-
pose, of course, they expect to vote for it in that
way. Indeed, I have no doubt such are the views
of the majority who have charge of this business;
for I believe, with a single exception, all whom I
have heard on that side go on the ground that
there is no present existing necessity for any
legislation on the subject. This resolution states
that fact. Then, why not vote for it? It states
that there is no existing necessity for any such
legislation. That has been the very ground you
have been going on, and this simply declares the
fact that there is not any such ncccssity. But,
Mr. President, I said yesterday, in regiyrd to the
fifth resolution of the scries before us, That as a
detached one, standing unconnected, I could vote
for it; but viewing it in connection with the others,
and looking at the relationship and consecutive-
ness of them all, they all having a sort of ger-
maneness to the same topic, I cannot vote for it.
This proposition of the Senator from North Car-
olina, however, is isolated and stands by itself,
and I wondered a little why he should have chosen
to put it in after the fourth instead of after the
fifth resolution of the series. The fifth resolution
goes on to declare the power of Congress to do so
and so, and then in regular order might come a
resolution that the occasion has not arisen for the
exercise of that power.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will say that I stated that I had
one or two amendments to present. I have an
an^ndment to the next resolution which is ger-
mane to it, but itis different somewhat from his.
I shall probably vote against his amendment. I
like the present resolution as it is.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the gentleman hear
me through.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg pardon.
Mr. COLLAMER. He is expressing an opin-
ion before he has hoard the case. I do not sup-
pose my argument would have any effect on him.
Common decency atleast requires him to withhold
his judgment till he has heard the case stated. I
can easily understand why, if this resolution be
amended in the manner I propose, it may really
have valueand have some practicalimportancc. A
brief suggestion will show that I make the prop-
osition in all earnestness. If gentlemen will de-
clare, as they have over and over again here, that
there is no present necessity for legislation, and
express the opinion to the community that there
is no probability that there will be, if those reso-
lutions can have any effectany way, that will be a
wholesome one in this; it will he saying to our
southern brethren, "there is no need of a slave
code for the Territories, and wu are free to say to
you that there probably will not be;" and it will
be saying to the free States, " your alarm about
a slave code for the Territories really has no foun-
dation in it; we are willing to say to you that there
is not anything now calling for it, and we do not
believe there will be." If that was said in sin-
cerity on the part of these gentlemen—and that is ,
the way I understood them—I believe they will i
see, on reflection, that this would have a tendency j
to quiet the community throughout the length and
breadth of the land. It would be saying to them,
"after all, there is no occasion for legislation, and
we say to you freely, we do not think there will
be." If you say that, I think there may.be some
benefit from this resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I am surprised at the number of
times it is repeated and reiterated that the friends
of these resolutions have declared that there is no
necessity for legislation. Wc have said no such
thing.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 do say that I have un-
derstood so, in all sincerity. If it be not so, I
have misunderstood the gentlemen. I have un-
derstood them all the while as insisting that,
though passing these resolutions, they did not
propose to make any code pursuant to them.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know that anybody is
for making a code. It must have been some en-
emies of these resolutions, and some enemies of
the Democratic party, that have asserted the prop-
osition the Senator states. We have not. We
have announced from the beginning that the facts
belonging to the particular condition of any spe-
cial locality would govern legislation for that case,
and we were not dealing with such special facts;
that the propriety of a general declaration of prin-
ciple was independent of the condition of the peo-
ple in any particular locality, and consequently
not dependent on such legislation as might be
needed by that locality. We have declared that
legislation should follow the necessity and should
conform to the case for which the legislation was
designed. A general code for all the Territories,
independent of soil and climatc and population,
would be, in my view, an absurdity. But that I
have undertaken to judge of what was the condition
of any particular Territory, and to involve thcfacts
as to any particular people in the discussion of
these resolutions, is entirely a mistake. I wanted
to treat these principles generally, apart from the
special facts. Therefore it is that I have besought
those who were willing to deal fairly with me
not to involve the facts in particular cases, and
thus embarrass an expression of opinion on the
great principle which wc intend to express. I
sought to avoid strife on the facts in relation to
Kansas, or Nebraska, or the District of Colum-
bia. It seems to me that legislation might begin
at homo, in the District of Columbia, before it
goes out wool-gathering to Kansas; but whatever
legislation is needed here or there, is apart from
the general declarations in these resolutions, and
I, therefore, have sought to avoid discussion on
these mere questions of fact as belonging to bills
or to joint resolutions, and not to expressions of
opinion or principle by the Senate as a separate
and distinct body.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will barely say, with
reference to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, that I picfor my proposition as a single
one without reference to the merits of his amend-
ment. if it were adopted, there would then be
two propositions. There may be gentlemen who
will vote that at this time there is no need of legis-
lation, who would not be prepared to say that of
no time in the future, and in that way strength
would bo driven off. Therefore, without any
reference to the merits of his proposition, or with-
out committing myself to say that it is my opin-
ion that such legislation will be necessary, I shall
vote against it; but I have prepared an amend-
ment which I mean to offer, if 1 get an opportunity
when the next resolution is read, qualifying some
words of it, so as to exclude a certain conclusion
that may be diawn from it. For that reason, as
I intimated to the Senator, I prefer that he should
offer his proposition as an independent one. If
mine be incorporated into the series, there will be
a declaration that we do not think legislation is
now necessary, and then there will come a reso-
lution declaring that if the courts and the Execu-
tive do not protect property Congress must sup-
ply the deficiency. That will follow naturally m
the regular course, and to that I propose to offer
cinotheramendment. I shall not, however, occupy
the Senate with any discussion of the merits of
the proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on theamendmentcfefthc Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We ought to have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRO WN. If I rightly construe the mean-
ing of the Senate in refusing to strike out the
word "not,5> they have to that extent affirmed
that there does not now exist any necessity for
protection to slave property in the Territories. If
I thought so—if that was my opinion—then I
should vote with the Senator from Vermont, be-
cause I am firmly convinced that if the necessity
does not now exist, it never will.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on the amendment of Mr. Collamer, resulted—
yeas 16, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
Simmons, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—lfi.
NAY S—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitzpatnck, Green, Ham-
mond, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham, Mallory, Mason,
Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugb, Rice, Saulsbury,
Sebastian, Shdell, Toombs, Wigfall, and Yulee—33.
So the amendment was rejected; and the ques-
tion recurring on the resolution of Mr. Clingrian,
the result was—yeas 26, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bingham, Bragg, Chandler,
Clark, Clingman, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Foot, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Ilatlan, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, Latham, Polk, Push, Simmons, Ten Eyck,
Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bright, Brown, Chesnut,
Clay, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Green, Hammond, Hunter, Iver-
son*, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Vearce, Powell,
Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Shdell, Wigfall, and Yulce
—23.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose it is now in
order to offer an amendment to the fifth resolu-
tion of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis .]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will first be read.
The Secretary read the fifth resolution, as fol-
lows:
5. Resolved^ That if experience should at anytime prove
that the judicial and executive authority do not possess
means to insure adequate protection to constitutional lights
inaTenitory,and if the territorial government should fail or
refuse to provide the necessary remedies for that purpose,
it will be the duty of Congiess to supply such deficiency.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I offer this amendmentas
a proviso, to come in at the end of the resolution:
Provided, That it is not hereby intended to asseit the
duty of Congiess to provide a system of laws for the main-
tenance of slavery.
The resolution I can cheerfully vote fo.r. It is
a little indefinite in some respects, however. In-,
deed, two Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber, the Senator from Vermont and the Senator
from Maine, as I understood, both said, yester-
day, that they could vote for it; so that it is obvi-
ous that, on the sectional question, it is not very
prccisc; but it is liable to this construction: in the
free States the Democratic party may be charged
with intending, hereafter, to establish what is
sometimes called a slave code—a system to pro-
tect slavery in the Territories. I wish to exclude
thatconclusion. I do not know that any Senator
on this side is in favor of it; several Senators
have said they were not, but their speeches do
not go out with the resolutions. While I shall
very cheerfully vote for the resolution as it is, I
wish to exclude a conclusion of that kind, which,
I think, would be unfortunate if it were drawn
by the public. I ask for the'yeas and nays on my
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I rise to speak, sir, merely
in relation to an allusion made by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina in his last remarks,
in which he said I had expressed the opinion that
I could vote for the fifth resolution. The gentle-
man is light thus. fur: that I said I could vote for
it if it were the only resolution before us; if it were
standing by itself. But that qualification is very
material, and for a reason which I will state.
Viewing this resolution in connection with those
which precede and follow it, I distinctly under-
stand that when the resolution says that if a Ter-
ritory should fail to provide fur svhat it calls con-
stitutional rights, Congress should do it,it means
the assumed'right of holding slaves in the Terri-
tories. That is what is meant; that is what is in-
tended. To be sure it does not mean that exclu-
sively. It includes other things; but that is the
occasion of ihe resolution; and so it is withalllhc
subsequent resolutions.
In drawing resolutions to express general sen
timents, I believe the doctrine of modern practice
is, that the more of obliquity you can have in them
the greater is their merit. "If they spoke out dis-
tinctly, and only what was intended, they would
not have much merit in them; they would not
answer the great purpose of Talleyrand's-view of
disguising your sentiments by the use of words—
what,hesaid,language wasmadefor. Itistomake
it in that aspect in different sections with different
meanings. Take this resolution and read it in one
