380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
that slavery should exist or should not exist in
Kansas; but that the people of that Territory,
when forming a State constitution for the pur-
pose of admission into the Union, had the power,
and should be left perfectly free to exercise it, of
establishing or excluding slavery, as in their sov-
ereign capacity of a State they might choose and
determine. Such, sir, was our understanding of
the Kansas bill; such the general interpretation
of it at the South; such the uniform construction
put upon it by all the southern people from that
day to this. To that doctrine I have never been
3osed; on the contrary, I advocated it in 1848,
have ever since given it my cordial sanction.
But neither I, or any other southern man, as
far as I know, have ever admitted the right of the
people of a Territory to decide the question of sla-
very or no slavery, at any time during their terri-
torial existence, or before the formation of a State
' constitution. The people of a Territory, after the
' formation of a territorial government by Congress,
and under the power of legislation conferred upon
them by the organic act, may, through their Ter-
ritorial Legislature, recognize the existence of sla-
very, if it m fact exists in the Territory, and pass
laws to regulate and protect it. This power can,
• in my opinion, be exercised by Congress itself,
as I shall hereafter attempt to show, and may
therefore be rightfully conferred upon the Terri-
tories; but I deny, and so do the southern people
deny, that the Kansas-Nebraska act conferred, or
intended to confer, upon the territorial govern-
ments enacted by that act, the power to exclude,
prohibit, or abolish slavery. We deny that Con-
gress itself has any such power, and in this posi-
tion we hav£ been sustained by the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of Dred Scott. If
Congress could not exercise that power itself, it
could not confer \t upon the territorial govern-
ment; and surely it cannot be supposed that m
passing the Kansas bill, and in using the language
to which I have referred and quoted, Congress in-
tended to confer a power which it did not itself
possess, and which it could not exercise without
a gross usurpation. Such a presumption would
stultify the Congress of 1854, which passed that
bill, and make it odious and contemptible in the
eyes of all intelligent and honorable men.
But, sir, what construction has been put upon
that act by a large portion, if not a majority of
the northern Democracy? What construction has
been put upon it by Judge Douglas and that largo,
respectable, and powerful ^section of the northern
Democracy which has followed his lead on this
important subject? And under what circumstances
and influences was Kansas settled up and its fate
as a political community and State decided ? The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pucai] knows, the Sen-
ate knows, the whole country knows, that from
the very passage of the Kansas bill, it was eon-
tended, asserted, and urged, by Judge Douglas
and the northern Democracy elicit it not only con-
ferred the power, but was intended by its framers
to confer the power on the people of that Terri-
tory, to establish or prohibit slavery at pleasure,
or, in the language of the bill itself, " to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States," at any and all tunes during the ex-
istence of the territorial government; and it was
further contended and urged, that the exclusion,
prohibition, or abolition of slavery by the Terri-
torial Legislature was no violation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and might, therefore,
be rightfully done.
Sir, it was with this construction of that act,
and under the impression prevailing all over the
free States, that those emigrant aid societies were
formed from the hot-beds of northern abolition-
ism, which poured their thousands, armed with
carpet bags and Sharpe's rifles, into Kansas to
make up a majority of its population, to control the
Territorial Legislature, and fix its political com-
plexion and destiny as a free State. It was with
tins understanding that the northern Abolitionists
pushed forward at the very outset their mongrel
hordes of free-soil emigrants, with the object and
determination of controlling the question by the
power of numbers and the force of arms. It is
true, sir, that under the influence of the early emi-
gration from Missouri, the most contiguous and
convenient State, the first Legislature of Kansas
did recognize the existence of slaver)', and passed
laws for its regulation and protection. They es-
tablished what the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] and others have so often and so con-
temptuously designated as a " slave code;" but
how long did it exist? No longer than the north-
ern construction of the Kansas-Nebraskaact could
work out its legitimate and certain results. As
soon as slavery was recognized by the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, the northern abolition sentiment
was aroused; it raised its gorgon head and hands
and soon overran Kansas with its abolition scum.
The violent, heated, and bloody character of the
contest for supremacy; the uncertainty of its re-
sult; the doubtful security of slave property, and
the danger of its final and total loss, deterred emi-
gration from the southern States, whilst most of
those who had gone into the Territory with their
slaves at an early day, abandoned it in disgust or
fear, and left it to the forcible and bloody pos-
session of the Abolitionists.
The closing scene and final result of the work-
ings of the " squatter sovereignty" doctrine and
policy of the Senator from Illinois, and his north-
ern democratic friends and followers, we are
probably about to witness, at this session, m the
admission of Kansas as a free State, and with an
abolition Representative, and two Senators on the
floor of Congress. Such, sir, have been the fruits
of the Kansas bill, as construed and enforced by
its northern author and friends; and such will,
and ever must be, the result of all similar acts of
Congress, if this northern construction shall be-
come the settled policy of the Government and
people of the United States. The southern people
can never run the risk of taking their slave prop-
erty into a Territory, no matter how well adapted
to slavery, if it has to depend upon the precarious
will of the people of the Territory for protection.
Looking at the history and fate of California and
Kansas, and at the deep-rooted, wide-spread, and
rancorous anti-slavery policy of the northern peo-
ple, their well-settled, well-understood, and fixed
determination never to let it extend beyond its
present limits, and their superior facilities of throw-
ing emigrants at will, and in any number, into
the Territories, no prudent man will ever carry
his slaves into a Territory to be subjected to the
tender mercies of the abolition squatters.
Sir, this '* squatter soveieignty" doctrine of
yielding to the people of the Territories the power
and the right at any time to exclude or abolish sla-
very, by territorial legislation, is as effectual a bar
against the admission or establishment of slavery
in any territory which the people of the United
States may now possess, or may hereafter acquire,
as the Wilmot proviso or any other congressional
prohibition. Its practical effects are fatal to the
expansion of southern institutions—it is a practi-,
cal denial of the right and privilege of the south-
ern people to emigrate to the common teintories
of the Union; for the right to emigrate to them
without the right to take any and all property
which legally belongs to them, is an insult and
restriction to which no man of honor or spirit
would submit; and yet, sir, Judge Douglas and
a large portion of the northern Democracy have
gone far beyond this delusive and fatal squatter
sovereignty doctrinc and policy as originally pro-
pounded by General Cass, anil advocated by the
mass of northern Democrats. General Cass and
his school of politicians never claimed the power
and right in ihe people of the Territories to act
upon or decide the question of slavery or no sla-
very, before or without the formation of a terri-
torial government by Congress; but the distin-
guished Senator from Illinois, in his celebrated
Harper's Magazine article, asserts that power m
the people, with or without a territorial govern-
ment erected by Congress. He claims sovereign
power in the people of the territories—he claims
that as soon as they have suiliciei.it numbers to
form a political community, they may set up a
government of their own, without the authority
of the Federal Government, and regulate nnd con-
trol all their internal polity, subject to the super-
vision of no tribunal whatever. In other words,
he asserts the doctrine that they are clothed with
the attributes and can exercise all the powers of
a sovereign State, and do anything which a sover-
eign State can do under the Constitution. Such
is the extraordinary position and monstrous doc-
trine of this new school of northern Democratic
politicians!
Now, sir, what chance would the South ever
have under this doctrine to obtain or control an-
other foot of territorial soil? And yet, sir, the
Senator from Ohio asserts the soundness of the
northern Democracy upon this important and vital
question to the South—he and his northern friends
insist that they are ready to yield to the southern
people all their constitutional rights—to treat them
as equals in the Union, and do them justice! Sir,
away with such rights as these; away with such
equality; away with such justice 1 It is " holding
the promise to the ear, only to break it to the
hope." No, sir; the South can rely on no such
uncertain tenure as 44 squatter sovereignty," in
any shape or form. She must have protection,
direct, certain, permanent protection to her slave
property in the Territories of the United States
throughout the existence of the territorial govern-
ments. She is entitled to it, and she demands it.
When and by whom shall it be granted and se-
cured? A portion of the northern Democracy,
perhaps the soundest and best disposed part of
them, tell us that we must rely on the courts. If
we move into the Territories with our slave prop-
erty, and our rights of property in our slaves shall
be violated, we must resort to legal redress. Sdr,
under what law? Congress, you say, cannotand
shall not provide a " slave code" for the Territo-
ries . Congress shall pass no law for your protec-
tion and the enforcement of your rights. Who
then is to make one ? To preserve our property
from injury or loss, we must have laws denning
rights and providing remedies.
Shall we depend upon the Territorial Legisla-
tures to recognize our rights of property in slaves,
and provide us remedies for their violation? Is
that the tribunal t5 which you would remit us for
protection? What is that but ik squatter sover-
eignty" in unadulterated form ? A Territorial Le-
gislature composed of such men as Seward, Hale,
Wilson, Giddings, Smith, and Garrison, who
openly deny that property can exist in -mart—
would such a Legislature recognize slavery, de-
fine the rights of the slaveholder, and establish a
process by which those rights could be enforced?
Instead of these things, we should have laws de-
nying the right to hold slaves; making it penal
for any officer or other per&on to assist in the cap-
ture or recovery of a slave; closing the doors of
every jail and prison in the Territories to the slave-
holder, as a place of security for his runaway,
stolen, or rebellious negro. Why, sir, what a
farce; what a mockery; what an insult to the south-
ern people to put their rights upon such a basis 1
And yet, you who advocate this doctrine, tell us
you are sound on this question of slavery, and arc
ever ready to yield to your southern brethren all
their just rights, and accord to them perfect equal-
ity in the Union! Why, sir, how much more just
or generous arc you to us, upon this important,
exciting, and vital question of slavery in the Ter-
ritories than the Republican party? They tell
us, in plain language, that they do not intend that
slavery shall ever be established in another Ter-
ritory of the United States; that it shall never ex-
tend an inch beyond its present limits. They say
that Congress has the power, under the Consti-
tution, to exclude slavery from the Teiritories,
and that, whenever they can control the subject,
Congress shall exclude it. This is open, plain,
emphaticlanguage; everybody understands it, and
can act upon that understanding.
To such legislation the South will never submit—
such aprohibition imposedby theFedcral Govern-
ment would justify and produce «n immediate dis-
solution of the Union. Georgia has so solemnly
declared, and most of the southern States have
sanctioned and approved the declaration. And
yet, sir, how much better for the South, in its
Sradical result, is the doctrine of the northern
emocracy, especially that portion of it led by
the Senator from Illinois? They say to us, you
are joint and equal owners with us of the com-
mon Territories. You have the undoubted rightto
move into and settle upon them. You have the
right to carry with you any and all property which
the Constitution of the United States and the con-
stitutions or laws of your own States recognize as
property; but when you get there with your slaves,
you must depend upon the Territorial Legislature
or the courts for their protection, enjoyment, and
security. If the Legislatures recognize your rights
and afford you remedies for their violation; if
they think proper to establish a " slave code "for
your benefit, well and good—they have the power
to do it, and perhaps ought to do it; but if they
