THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
S£LARIE$ OF OHIO JUDGES.
Mr, BINGHAM* X ask the consent of the
House Iq report from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary House bill No. 235, to fix the salaries of
the "judges of the district Gourts of the United
States in and for the district of the State of Ohio.
I will state that the bill is recommended by Judge
McLean. The district judges in Ohio^Stfse com-
pelled to be on duty nearly every working day in
the year. .
Mr. REAGAN. I object. These judges now
receive a higher salary than is paid to the United
States judges in Texas.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to my colleague to
withdraw his motion for the present, and allow
me to move to suspend-the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. As this is purely an Ohio
matter, 1 hope that it will be allowed to pass. I
give way to my colleague.
Mr. BINGHAM. If gentlemen will look at
the Statutes at Large, volume eleven, page 217,
they will find that we are paying by law to the
district judges of Wisconsin, and of the northern
district of Illinois, the same salary that is now
asked to be paid to these district judges of the
State of Ohio.
Mr. CRAWFORD. In, Alabama and Geor-
gia, and nearly every southern State, the district
judged receive only $2,750. If the salary of the
district judges in Ohio be raised to $3,000, we will
have to raise the salary of the district judges all
over the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. Alabama has not the judi-
cial business of either of the districts of the State
of Ohio.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I cannot speak for Ala-
bama, but I can for Georgia.
Mr. 2HELPS. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary can revise the law at the next session, and
they can increase the salary of these district judges,
if they are too small.
Mr. PEYTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and Garthell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighteen, noes not counted.
Mr. ISINGHAM demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 41, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Samuel £5. Blair, Boulignv,
Bray ton, Ruffinton, Burnett, Uu«niiain,Oo.\,(;mtis, .Delano,
Uueil, Edwards, Eliot, Flon'iice, Foster, Fiank, Gurlev,
Houston, William Movvmd, Humphrey, Fiancis IV. ivol-
lopg, Kunkel, Marston, Moorhead, Edwaid Joy Morris,
Nelson, Pendleton, Pryor, Rice, Christopher Robinson,
Sciayton, Stevenson, James. A. Stewart, Snatton, Tappan,
Vallandigham, Vandever, Van Wyclc, Ven.ec, Israel Wash-
burn, and Webster—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Allen, Alley, Barr,
Beale, Francis P. Blair, Blake, Brubson, Branch, Bristovv,
Carey, Ilotaco F. Clark, Ciopton, Cobb, Colfax, Crawford,
If. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dunn, Etlieridge, Ferry,
Gaitrull, Grow, John T. Harris, Hatton, fcleluiick, William
A. Howard, Hughes, Hutchins, Jenkins, Jones, Larrabee,
James M. Loach, Leake, Longneckei, Love, Mallory,
Eibeit S. Martin, Maynard, Mckean, McKmght, McPher-
sorij McQueen, Miles, Million, Morrill, Niblaek, Olin,
Palmer, Perry, Petnt, Peyton, Phcips, Porter, Potter,
Quartos, Reagan, Iiiggs, Roycp, Ruiliti, Rust, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stokes, Thomas, Vance, Wade, Walton,
Eliiliu B. Washburne, Well*, Woodruff, and Wright—77.
So the House refused to suspend the rules,, (two
thirds not voting in fcivor thereof.)
During the vote,
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he was paired with
Mr. Wood, but that, in order to facilitate busi-
ness, and in accordance with his arrangement
with Mr. Wood, lie would vote in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. CASE stated that he was paired with his
colleague, Mr. English, for the rest of the ses-
sion.
Mr. RICE stated that his colleague, Mr. Train1,
was paired wiih Mr. Robinson, of Illinois.
Mr, KILLINGER, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
3V|r. SMITH, ofVirginia. There isnoquorum.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirnuxtue, and that makes a quoium.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
POST OFFICE CONTRACTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Post Office Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with Jaw, copies of con-
tracts for wrapping paper, &c., which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed,
A. BLEDSOE AND OTHERS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
but while I make the motion, I will say that I
will not interpose objection to any gentleman
asking unanimous consent for the transaction of
any particular business.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
House bill No. 811, for the relief of A. Bledsoe,
William Bryson, William C. Scott, William
Doty, and others. It is a just bill.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs that the
sum of $630 be appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
defray the expenses and indemnify A. Bledsoe,
William Bryson, William C. Scott, William
Doty, and others, citizens of Missouri, incurred
in arresting and bringing to trial Joseph Clark and
  Baker, charged with robbing the United
States mail; and that the sum be paid out,on the
order of the Postmaster General, to such persons
as, in his judgment, upon hearing all the proofs
in the case, shall be entitled to the same, and in
such proportion as he shall direct.
Mr. PHELPS. Those two persons, Clark and
Baker, were arrested by these men, taken to Jef-
ferson City, some two hundred and fifty miles,
tried before the district court, convicted, and sent
to the penitentiary. For this service they have,
as yet, received no compensation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Could not the Post-
master General pay them ?
Mr. PHELPS. Not unless authorized by the
passage of this bill.
There was no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JACOB HALL.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move that the Commit-
tee of tlie Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of House bill r^"o- 584, for
the relief of Jacob Hali.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
M r. EDWARDS. The bill takes nothing from
the Treasury.
Mr. OTERO. How much does the bill appro-
priate ?
Mr. EDWARDS. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read inextenso. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to examine into the claim of
Jacob Hall,as stated in his memorial now Ijcforp
Congress, for the loss and destruction of his prop-
erty, alleged to have been caused by ICiowa Indians
in an attack upon his men and team engaged in the
transportation of the United States mail between
Independence, in Missouri, and Santa Fe> in New
Mexico, at a place called Pawnee Fork,in Kansas
Territory, and to determine and adjudge the
amount and value of the property, and whether the
loss was caused by Indians of said Kiowa tribe,
and, prior to any such adjudication, to notify the
Kiowas, or their agent, of the claim made against
them, that they may have the opportunity of being
heard from; and that if the Secretary shall be of
opinion that the injury to the property of Hall
was committed by Indians of the Kiowa tribe, he
shall withhold the annuity payable to the tribe by
treaty, until they shall have made reparation.for
the injury to the amount of the value of the prop-
erly lost and destroyed, as the same shall be ad-
judged by him to be.
Mr. EDWARDS. The amount is about twenty-
five hundred dollars, but nothing is to be paid
unless these Indians shall be found to be liable for
the damage, and then the money is to be paid
out of their annuities.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Why cannot payment
be made under the law of 1834?
Mr. PHELPS. You cannot obtain indemnity
if the Indians are not in receipt of an indemnity,
unless by an appropiiation here.
Mr. SMITH* of Virginia. I object.
Mr. EDWARDS. If I could, I would ask for
a suspension of the rules.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of.
the United States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills and a resolution of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 814) to provide for the'erec-
tion of a post office in the city of Philadelphia;
An act (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of Mrs.
A. W, Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy;
An act (H. R.No. 848) authorizing the issue of
a register for the brig Charles H. Jordan;
An act (H. R. No. G22) to authorize notaries
public in the District of Columbia to take ac-
knowledgment of deeds for the conveyance of
real and personal estate therein; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) in relation to
the public printing.
Also, a message in writing,
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the reading
of the message of the President, which has just
been sent in.
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
Gentlemen: I feel it my duty to communicate
to you that it has been found impracticable to
conclude a contract for the transportation of the
mails between our Atlantic and Pacific ports on
the terms authorized by the fourth section of an
act entitled "An act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1861/'approved 15th
June, I860. The Postmaster General has offered
the California mails to the several companies and
ship-owners engaged in the trade with the Pacific,
via the Isthmus, but they have all declined carrying
them for the postages. They demand a higher rate
of compensation; and unlesspoweris given to the
Postmaster General to accede to this demand, I
am well satisfied that these mails cannot be for-
warded. It should not be forgotten that, in con-
sequence of the diversion of a large part of the
letter mail to the overland route, the postages de-
rived from the California service have been greatly
reduced, and afford a wholly inadequate remune-
ration for the ocean transportation. The weight
of these mails—averaging twelve to fifteen tons
semi-monthly—renders it, in view of the climate
and character of the route, manifestly impossible
to forward them overland, without involving an
expenditure which no wise administration of the
Government would impose upon the Treasury.
I therefore earnestly recommend that the act re-
ferred to be so modified as to empower the Post-
master General to provide for carrying the Cal-
ifornia mails; at a rate of compensation which
may be deemed reasonable and just.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
June 23, 1860.
The message was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, itadjourrjto meet at nine o'clock,
a. m., on Monday next.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say to
the gentleman that Mr. Burnett, of Kentucky,
came in a moment ago, but, being compelled to
leave, desired me to state to the House that, if >ve
would adjourn to meet at nine o'clock on Mon-
day, the House could adjourn at eleven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. At twelve o'clock we must
finally adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will move to suspend the
rules to introduce a resolution to take a recess
until seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion will not inter-
fere with a motion of that kind. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
The motion was agreed to.
The motion in reference to adjournment was
agreed to.
SotheHouse determined that when itadjourned
it would adjourn to meet at nine o'clock, a. m.,on
Monday.
J ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
