1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
refuse or fail to do it, and you lose your slave
property, we cannot help it. We cannot agree
that Congress has the power; we cannot consent
that it should exercise it if it has; we cannot per-
mit it to pass any law for its protection and secu-
rity ; we insist that the doctrine of " non-interven-
tion" shall be the settled laV and policy of the
Democratic party and the Government.
Now, sirs, tell me if this is not more disin-
genuous and equally as fatal to slavery in the Ter-
ritories as the Wilmot proviso? No honest man
can deny it. And yet you call yourselves sound
on this subject, and, like the Senator from'Ohio,
denounce any one who dares to call your sound-
ness in question. And, sir, I have even been
warned and urged by southern Senators to deal
more tenderly with tlie northern Democracy, and
not to strike blows in the house of friends. Sir,
I shall never cease, whilst I have a voicc here or
elsewhere, to expose and denounce the deceptive
and delusive promises and professions of any and
every party which denies justice or inflicts wrong
upon my constituents. The southern people have
the right to go into the public territories with
their slave property. They are entitled to have
that property protected and secured by law whilst
there. Congress has the power, in my opinion,
to grant it, and it is the sacred duty of Congress
to give it. And now, sir, as to the power of Con-
gress over this subject. I assert the power and
the duty of Congress to pass laws for the protec-
tion ana regulation of slave property wherever it
exists or may exist in the Territories of the Uni-
ted States. I do not derive that power from any
express grant in the Constitution. There is no
such express grant. The Constitution nowhere
gives to Congress in express terms the power or
the right to acquire territory, except to receive a
grant of territory for the seat of the national Gov-
ernment, not exceeding ten miles square.
It is true that the Constitution contemplates the
acquisition of territory by the Federal Govern-
ment, for it expressly grants to Congress the
power " to dispose of the territory mid otherprop-
erty of the United States." This evidently con-
templated a future acquisition of territory, as, at
the time of the formation and adoption of the
Constitution the Federal Government held and
own'ed no territory whatever. The right to ac-
quire territory by gift, purchase, or conquest is
an attribute and incident of sovereignty. The
Constitution recognizes and implies it—the neces-
sity of the case justifies and sanctions it. Terri-
tory was acquired by the Federal Government at
an early day after its formation, and whilst the
framcrs of the Constitution or many of them were
in the councils of the nation giving their sanction
to the acquisition. Numerous acquisitions have
since been made, and the power to make them
has never been disputed. The power to acquire
and hold, necessarily implies the power to govern;
the one follows the other as clearly and fully as
the right to enjoy property follows the right to
acquire it in all civilized countries. When terri-
tory is obtained by the Federal Government, act-
ing as the agent of the States and the people, and
such territory has inhabitants, who is to govern
tliem? They become the citizens and subjects
of the Government which owns the soil upon
which they live; and shall not that Government
control them ? They must be controlled and gov-
erned by some power, otherwise they might as-
sert their independence and establish a govern-
ment of their own, as theMormonslatelyafifcmpted
to do in Utah; and we should have the anomaly
of an 44 imperium in imperiu"—a government and
people within the jurisdiction oftheUnitcd States,
located on the soil of the United States, and yet
independent of its control and to all intents and
purposes a foreign Power. Such a state of things
would be contrary to the history, practice,and pol-
icy of all nations and wholly incompatible with
the dignity and safety of our own Government.
Who, then, is to govern the people of a terri-
tory acquired, held, and owned by the United
States? The States cannot govern them; if so,
there would be as many Governments as there
were States, all clashing with each other. Such a
state of things would be impossible and inadmis-
sible. Can the people of such territory set up a
Government without the authority of Congress? j
Could they rightfully exercise sovereign power? j
Such is the doctrine of the Senator from Illinois, i
[Mr. Douglas,] but I deny it. To yield them tfie I
possession of such power would be to ignore the
theory and practice of our Government from its
formation to the present day. Congress governed
the Northwest Territory, ceded to the Federal
Government by Virginia; Congress governed the
Territories of Mississippi and Alabama, ceded by
Georgia; Congress governed the Territory of
Louisiana, obtained from France; of Florida, ob-
tained from Spain; Congress governed Oregon,
and has governed every Territory which has ever
been acquired, with a solitary exception. I allude
to California. And even in that case a quasi Fed-
eral Government was instituted in the form of a
military power exercised by an officer of the Uni-
ted States Army and his subordinates, with the
sanction of the Federal Executive. It is true that
California did set up a government for herself,
without the authority or consent of Congress, but
it was a usurpation. It was acquiesced in, and
cured by her subsequcntadmission mtothe Union;
but it was no less a usurpation of powers which
resided in the Federal Government, and resided
nowhere else.
It may be said that, in all the cases alluded to,
Congress did not govern the Territories directly
by Federal laws operating upon the people. This
was mainly true; but it is a well-settled principle
that whatever one does by an agent, he does ny
himself. It is true that, in most if not in all these
cases, there were territorial governments which
governed the people; but they were all established
by Congress, and were dependent on it, ^ot only
for birth, but for continued life. Congress might
have abolished these governments at any time, and
reassumed a direct governing power. The gov-
ernment of the Territories, therefore, belongs to
Congress, and to Congress alone. It exists from
the very necessity of the case, and from the rela-
tion which the Federal Government holds to-
wards the Territories and their owners—the people
of the United States. Congress holds the property
as trustee for the benefit of the States and the people
of the States, who are the cestui que trusts. The
universally-admitted obligation of all trustees is
to manage and control the trust property to the
best advantage and interest of the owners—the
cestui que trusts. Congress could not execute this
trust fully and faithfully; it could not carry out
that obligation, unless the power to control and
govern the occupants of the soil be vested in the
trustee—the Federal Government. Congressmay,
therefore, must and ought to, exercise the power
of governing the people of the Territories, unless
it shall, in its sovereign will and pleasure, transfer
that power to another and subordinate jurisdic-
tion. Congress may erect a territorial govern-
ment, and clothe it with all the powers of legisla-
tion which it could rightfully exercise itself, but
with none other.
If the people of the Territories are sovereign
and independent of the Federal Government; if
they can manage their own political concerns in
their own way, without the authority or control
of Congress; if they have all the powers of a State
government m relation to their internal and do-
mestic polity, as asserted by the Senator from
Illinois and his followers, why has Congress, in
all and every act organizing territorial govern-
ments, undertaken to appoint a Governor, and set
Kim over the people; to define his powers and limit
his term of office? Why has Congress in every
case provided for a Territorial Legislature, estab-
lishing two branches, prescribing the number for
each House, and their qualifications? Why fix
the seat of government? Why prescribe the qual-
ification of electors ? Why establish a judiciary,
prescribing the number of the judges, their tenure
of office, the number of terms to be held, and de-
termining their jurisdiction ? Why did Congress
do all these things, and many more—nay, sir, 1
may say a thousand others—which can only be
done by a sovereign, superior, and controlling j
power? The truth is, sir, that Congress has ex- (
ercised the power of legislating for every Terri- !
tory which has ever been acquired, and over which
a territorial government has been established,
transferring to the territorial government such
parts of its governing power as convenience and
sound policy dictated. It exercised the power of
legislation as a sovereign in many important par- j
ticulars, in the very bill drawn up and advocated !
by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] for
the government of Kansas and Nebraska. There j
is scarcely a section of that bill that dees not either I
make laws for the people of those Territories, or
which does not confer power on .the territorial
government to make such laws, or which, does not
restrain the people from the exercise of sovereign
power. s
The sixth section of the bill declares that
legislative power of the Territories shall exteaj^to
*all rightful subjects of legislation consistent,with
the Constitution of the United, States and the pro-
visions of this act." It was this.grant alone
which created or conferred power upon, the ter-
ritories to make laws for the government of the
people. If not, why make the grant? If the peo-
ple of the Territories had the sovereign power to
govern themselves, without any grant from Con-
gress, then it was unnecessary, nugatory, and
worse than useless, to confer such power in the
organic act. It would have stultified the Congress
of 1854, and especially the authors of the bill.
INo, sir, there can be no earthly doubt or difficulty
on the subject. From the beginning of the Gov-
ernment to this day, Congress hasexercised, with
the approval of all parties, the right to govern the
Territories,either by laws operating directly upon
them, or through territorial governments, set up
and established by Congress. But whilst Con-
gress possesses the power of legislating directly
fortheTerritories,andof governing them by con-
gressional statutes, as it does for the District of
Columbia, yet that power must be exercised con-
sistent with and not derogatory to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. It cannot pass any law
or exercise any power inconsistent with the Con-
stitution. Laws recognizing the existence of sla-
very, protecting slave property, and regulating
the relations of master and slave in the Territories,
cannot be inconsistent with the Constitution. ^
The Constitution expressly recognizes property
in slaves; it prescribes rights in the owner and
remedies for their violation. Congress could un
doubtedly pass laws regulating the relations be-
tween parent and child, guardian and ward, hus-
band and wife, in a Territory. No one, I think,
will dispute this. It may pass such laws in ad-
vance of population; it may anticipate the settle-
ment of a wild and uninhabited Territory, and
make laws for the government of such persons as
may subsequently go into them. Certainly, there-
fore, if slavery exists in a Territory, if the rela-
tion of master and slave actually exist, Congress
may regulate that relation by defining the rights
of the owner, and prescribing remedies for him if
those rights are invaded or infringed. And if it
can pass laws to regulate the other domestic rela-
tions in advance of population and in anticipation
of emigration, why may it not do the same thing
for the relation of master and slave? And, sir, if
Congress can make laws for the protection of any
other property in the Territories, which is law-
fullyheld under the constitution and laws of any
State, and which may be carried into a Territory
of the United States, as it undoubtedly can., may
it not pass laws for the protection of slave prop-
erty, which is recognized by the constitution and
laws of fifteen States of this Union as legally and
rightfully held by their citizens?
Sir, the power of Congress over the Territories,
in my opinion, extends to all rightful subjects of
legislation not inconsistent with the Constitution;
and, possessing this power, it is the sacred duty
of Congress either to exercise it for the benefit of
all the citizens of the United States who may-
choose to go into and live m the common terri-
tories, or to clothe the territorial governments
with that power, and see to it that it is exercised
promptly and efficiently for the equal and just
protection and benefit of all. If this is not done,
then the citizens of one portion of the Union are
not put upon the same footing with the citizens
of other sections of the same Union; they are, to
all intents and purposes, and in a most important
point, ^enied that equality which the Union was
intended to secure; they are shut out from a com-
mon inheritance, or only allowed to possessand en-
joy it upon terms prescribed to them, which would
brand them as infcriois in a common Union.
Sir, the southern people ought never tosubmitto
such injustice, and, in my opinion, oughtnotonly
to sever all political association with any party at
the North which denies those rights to them, or re-
fuses, or neglects toenforce them, butought to sever
all the ties which bind them to a Union in which
they are not recognized as equals; and which does
not secure and protect them in the full enjoyment
