1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
foiled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act
(S. No. 113) for the relief of Eli W. Goff; when
the Speaker signed tho same.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now move
to suspend the rules, to enable me to introduce a
resolution to take a recess until seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I wish to say that in twenty
minutes we will probably receive from the Sen-
ate the Post Office deficiency bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
POINT COUPEE, LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up and put upon its
passage a bill (S. No. 258) to grant to the parish
of Point Coupee, Louisiana, certain tracts of land
in said parish.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I am instructed by the Committee on Print-
ing to introduce the following resolution. The
Treasury Department desires the printing of an
extra number of the report on banks:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the Treas-
ury Department, two thousand extra copies of the report of
the Secretary ot the Treasury on the condition of thfHhinks
of the United States.
The lesolution was adopted.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GURLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported tho following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand extra copies
of the majmity and minority reports of the select commit-
tee appointed to investigate the public store contracts in
New York city, for the use of tho members of this House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Was that matter referred to
the Committee on Printing*1
Mr. GURLEY. It was. The printing will
only cost six cents per copy.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which tho resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The'latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. OTERO. -I ask the unanimous consentof
House to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union from the further con-
sideration of the joint resolution (S. No. 31)
explanatory of the eighth section of the act of
Congress, approved February 28, 1859, for the
purpose of putting it on its passage.
The lesolution, which was read, provides that
the repeal, by the eighth section of the act of Con-
gress, approved February 28, 1859, of so much
of the act of Congress entitled "An act to regu-
late trade and intercourse with Indian tribes, and
to preserve peace upon the frontiers," approved
June 30, 1834, as provides that the United States
shall make indemnification out of the Treasury
for property taken or destroyed in certain cases
by the Indians, shall not be construed so as to
impair any right of indemnity which existed at
the date of said repeal.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to say that that
resolution comes from the Senate, and was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and that com-
mittee unanimously instructed me to report favor-
ably upon it. It simply provides that the act of
last session shall not affect claims which had
already accrued.
Mr. HOUSTON. My opinion is that we should
get clear of these claims in the best and quickest
way that we can; and I object to that resolution.
Sir. OTERO. I move a suspension of the rules.
It is a just resolution. It proposes no change of
the' law. It is merely explanatory of the law
of the last session of Congress.
Tellers were ordered on the motion to suspend
the rules; and Messrs. Gurley and Phelps were
appointed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am appealed to by gentle-
men all round to withdraw my objection; and if
gentlemen are willing that the resolution shall
pass, I will do so, but I do not think it ought to
pass.
Mr. COBB. I insist on a count.
The House divided; .and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-two, noes not counted.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. OTERO moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX. I trust we shall not adjourn.
The Senate is still in session, and we may have
to have a committee of conference.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to suspend the rules,
so as to enable me to move that the House take
a recess until seven o'clock; and on that motion
I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Brayton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-five, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the House
will remain in session a few minutes longer, I be-
lieve that we shall be substantially through with
our business. I think that the Post Office de-
ficiency bill will be returned with our amendment
concurred in, and that that will conclude our
business.
Mr. GARTRELL. With that understanding,
I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can an arrangement be
made that we shall do no legislative business on
Monday?
Mr. GROW. If we can get through it all to-
night.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, I move that we
take a recess until five o'clock.
Mr. GROW. I suggest six.
Mr. ELIOT. I propose seven.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If we take
a recess, members will go off and we shall never
get a quorum back. We had belter keep together
until the Post Office deficicncy bill comes in, and
then the business of the session wiil bo substan-
tially through.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw my
motion. B00K DISTRIBUTION.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution, to which I think
no one will object.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That there be delivered by the Clcik of this
House to tile willow of Jonathan Taylor, a member of tiie
Twenty-Sixth Congress, books of equal value With those
ordered (but never delivered) to ?aid Jonathan Taylor by
resolution ofConjrrcss : That said books be select-
ed fiom those which said Clerk has now on lmml, and that
the same, shall be furnished without iuither printing.
[Cries of«Object!"l
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is an
old settler. I have seen it here twicc before.
Mr. COX. It has been offered once; and that
was a year ago. Governor Letcher objected then;
but he subsequentlyexammod into the matter, and
said that the resolution was right, and he would
put it through. He failed, however, to do so.
Mr. PHELPS. This matter is older than I am
in this House.
Mr. COX. I move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. I have here a letter from Mr. Allen,
the late Clerk of theHouse, which I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to have read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Clerk's Office,House of Representatives,
May 19, 1858.
" Sin: I think there is a propriety and necessity in a re-
appropriation of the sum of $513 3a, which reverted to the
Treasury on the 30th of June, 1856, for the purchase of
books for new members of the House of Representatives
prior to the Thirty-fourth Congress. This amount wa?
tepaid by General Cutlmn, late Clerk, by mistake, into the
Treasury, under the supposition that there was no further
necessity foi its use. But I am advised, from examination
of the records and information received, that tins amount
ought to be reappropfHated."
Mr. COX. I wish to state to the House that,
under this resolution, only about two hundred dol-
lars* worth of books will be given. I do not ask
that the $500 asked for by the late Clerk shall
be reappropriated; but the widow of thisman was
entitled at that time to the books. She did not
apply for them, because she did not know that
they were due her. These books were donated
by Congress under a resolution passed in 1842.
I have here a list of the books to which Jonathan
Taylor was entitled as a member of the Twenty-
Sixth Congress, but which he ncver'received. I
only ask that such books as are on hand in the
Clerk's office may be given her, and not that any
shall be purchased.
MESSAGE i'ROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was received by J. Buchanan, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he did on this
clay approve and sign a joint resolution in relation
to the public printing.
Mr. COLFAX. I should like, with the consent
of the House, to make a statement from the Pres-
ident of the United States.
A Voice. That's right; let's hear from the
President. J
Mr. COLFAX. The President of the United
States sent for me recently and stated that, as the
law now stands, there will be no provision for mail
service to California for the present year, and sug-
gested that we should make some temporary ar-
rangement before Congress adjourns. I desire to
state, in the same connection, that the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means has pro-
posed a bill to meet this temporary exigency, the
usage of the House being that such a bill must
emanate from his committee, instead of the com-
mittee of which I have the honor of being chair-
man. The Postmaster General has found it im-
possible to contract for the transportation of the
mail by sea for the postages, and unless we make
some arrangement for extending the contract
which now exists until the close of the next ses-
sion of Congress, California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington will be-; left without mail service for printed
matter, the Butterfield line being only authorized
to carry letters.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. The
President has his constitutional mode of commu-
nicating with this House, and I object to the com-
munication of his wishes through tl^ channel of
a member of this House.
Mr. BURCH. I would say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that the President of the
United States has already sent a communication
to this House through the. ordinary channel, upon
this subject, which has been referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GROW. I insist upon my objection.
Mr. COLFAX. I shall sit down'with great
pleasure, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
insists upon his objection. It is true, as the gen-
tleman from California has stated, that the com-
munication of the President on this subject has
been referred to the committee of which I am chair-
man; and I suppose that it was not out of place
for the President to commumcatc to me verbally
what were the facts, for the purpose of enabling
my committee to act upon such brief notice. 1
desire to say, in addition, that there are two bills
of a public character which cannot come back
from the Senate until Monday; and that if the
House meets at nine o'clock on Monday, they
can probably adjourn finally by ten o'clock with-
out the necessity of any extra session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon consultation with
members of the Committee of Ways mid Means,
although I am opposed to providing for mail ser-
vice outside of our own territory, wc have agreed
to report a bill authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
erat to contract for the transportation of the mails
between New York and San Francisco, via Pan-
ama, upon the same terms authorized by the con-
tract now existing; the. contract not to continue
for a longer period than until the 4th of March,
1861. I now ask the consentof the House to re-
port the bill.
