1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
Mr. MALLORY. I said you had made an
error.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I adjnit the error in a cer-
tain case, but not to the extent the Senator sup-
poses. I have desired from the beginning to put
all classes of lieutenants, as well as others, up to
the places where they belonged, and give them
precisely the amount of money they ought to have
to support themselves respectably according to
their station. If I have made a mistake in refer-
ence to the amount in a certain case, I am per-
fectly willing to correct that mistake; but I do not
propose to correct it in the way the Senator pro-
poses, by doing injustice to a part for the benefit
of another part. If I could be supposed, in any
' event, to insinuate that it was possible for my
friend from Florida to make a mistake in a matter
relating to naval affairs, I might say that he had
made a mistake in his calculations in regard to
the merits of this particular class in making the
distinction, and he has from the beginning.
But, sir, I want to show him the reason why
jny bill was drawn asitis. The only ground upon
which he states that it is drawn for the benefit of
the class of pursers is, that I have reduced the last'
term of service; that is to say, I have given them
the highest pay after fifteen years', instead of after
twenty years'service. Have I not done the same
with regard to lieutenants; with regard to sur-
geons; with regard to everybody in -the service ?
That was the system I adopted. I stated the rea-
son for it yesterday; that I thought after a man
had been in a grade fifteen years, appointed a man
at thirty years of age, he wanted as much money
as he ever would, and was capable of performing
as much service js ever; and therefore, I was dis-
posed to reduce the time fixed by the committee
for the payment of the highest compensation to
pursers and surgeons. I applied it to both. The
Senator well knows that m the British navy a
purser is paid higlierthan a commander, although
ranking with him; and surgeons almost but not
quite so high. Why? For two reasons. One
is because pursers and surgeons never can get
beyond a certain grade; they come in as men; they
stay in during the period of their maturity and
ability for labor, and for life generally; they got.
up to a certain point, and there they must stop.
They never can come up to the pay of captains
and commodores. Another thing: pursers are
under heavy bonds; they are responsible for large
amounts of property; if it is lost, they must pay
for it; and that is another reason why their pay
has been raised. The Senator well knows that
in the British navy pursers are paid higher than
commanders.
Mr. MALLORY. A portion of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think all of them; I
have the Register here.
Mr. MALLORY. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There may be one class
that is not; but three classes of them are certainly
above the pay of commanders in England. How-
ever, sir, 1 want to show the Senator that the
only change I made as to pursers was in reducing
the time at which they shall receive the highest
pay; while his change has placed the amounts
paid, even to pursers, higher than I did. In fact,
m the first place, I followed his bill. Now, let
me see. I provide that for the second five years
after the date of their commission pursers shall
receive, when on€ea-duty, §9,500; oil other duty,
$2,000; on leave or awaiting orders, $1,500.
The Senator's bill gives $2,100 for these sur-
geons on other duty. The leave pay in my bill
for pursers is, SI,250; in his, $1,400. For purs-
ers of the second grade—that is, for the second five
years after the date of their commission—§1,500
m my bill; in his, $1,600. For pursers of the
third grade, $1,750 in my bill; in his, §1,800.
Here, in four different instances, he proposes to
give pursers a higher pay than I do; whereas I
have raised the pay of pursers in no instance at
all; and the only difference I have made is to
bring the pursers forward to the highest rate at
the end of fifteen or twenty years. That is ad-
vancing some of them at a time which I thought
to be just; but at any rate, whether just or not,
it is the same rule that I applied to every other
class. Now, with what propriety can the Sen-
ator say that my bill is drawn for the benefit of
pursers, when 'I have applied no rule to them
which I have not to every other class, and when
he himself has put their pay higher than I have ?
Mr. MALLORY. It is very evident how I can
do it. I am very much surprised that the question
should be asked at all. The honorable Senator,
whoseemstobe so desirous to avoid fractions, has
put pursers' pay at $1,450 and $1,550, and I have
Eutitat round numbers, increasing it fifty dollars,
ecause I have put surgeons and pursers on leave
pay on apar. Pursers have no responsibility: they
are not under bonds when on leave, and there is
no reason why their leave pay should not be that
of surgeon, according to the act of 1835; and when
I say that the Senator has given them the highest
pay of their grade at fifteen years and I at twenty,
does it need any explanation that he has increased
the pay of pursers ? More of the grade must get
the highest pay under his bill than under mine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have increased it, and
so has he; but he has made the general increase
more than I have. I have only brought them for-
ward in point of time five years, aricl he has made
an increase pay to the several grades in point of
time. But what I complain of is, not that the Sen-
ator should say that my bill did that, but that he
should use the expression that my bill was drawn
for the benefit of pursers, as if I did it intention-
ally.
Mr. MALLORY. I disclaim any such thing,
and the Senator should not attribute it to me. I
said that if it were drawn up for the benefit of
pursers it would be drawn as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the same thing.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the Senator will not
understand me as saying that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator disclaims
it, very well.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly I disclaim it. I
say it is a pursers' bill; because it reduces every
line officer, and gives what I propose *o pursers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator say that
the pursers wish to reduce the line officers?
Mr. MALLORY. > If the Senator wants my
candid opinion, I am sorry to believe that some
of them do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say to the Sen-
ator that I did not know of it. So far as my ex-
perience has gone in reference to these naval gen-
tlemen—I am very sorry to say it—they seem to
be in quite as much trouble on account of the in-
crease of other grades, as they are that they them-
selves are not increased enough.
Mr. MALLORY. I assent to that entirely.
There is no harmony of principle among them;
and when I say that some of the pursers wish to
reduce line officers, I believe the same may be said
of some of the line officers themselves. I would
not draw any invidious distinction; but I would
say, that in this as in all military services in all
countries, there is a pride of grade which induces
a man, however much he may be contented with
his own individual pay, to become discontented
when he contrasts it with the pay of somebody
else. That is the way in our own service, and I
have never known harmony to exist between
them, either in the Army or Navy on this point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I wished to do was
to set that matter right in reference to the state-
ment of the Senator, and to show that he, in his
bill from the committee, has increased the pay of
all these grades without exception, and that I have
applied the same rule precisely to one that I have
to another. I have made no distinction between
them; but I have made fifteen years the period
from which the highest pay is to date. I have not
confined it to one more than another. I apply it
to surgeons, lieutenants, and all.
Mr. MALLORY. But you cut down line
officers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unquestionably I have
cut down some, and I will give the reason. I cut
down the officers in the highest grades, because I
think the increase I propose to give them on their
present pay is enough, and there is not that ne-
cessity for increasing the pay of the high grades
ofcaptains and commanders, that there is for in-
creasing the pay of lieutenants, and the Senator
says so himself. His argument is so. He has
stated here, from his place, within half an hour,
that the most meritorious class of officers, and the
poorest paid, are lieutenants. I have cut down
the highest officers from what? From thcirformer
pay? Not at all. I have increased it.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not say the lieutenants
were the most meritorious, I said they were the
poorest paid
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I misunderstood
the Senator. 1 thought he was eloquent on the
watches they kept, and the services they rendered,
and the storms they buffeted, and I do not know
how many other things they did—all, -I take it,
i'n the line of their duty, and for which they are
entitled to no very particular credit.; No man is
entitled to particular credit for doing no more
than his duty. I am not disposed to glorify any-
body for doing service that he ought to do. ' Tne
Senator is entitled to as much credit for the at-
tention he gives to his duties, in his place here,
as a lieutenant for his. This attempt to make
distinctions on that ground is entirely useless, in
my judgment. But what I was saying was, that
I have not reduced the pay of the leading officers
of the Navy from what it was before. I have in-
creased it, I think, in every instance. The only
difference is that I have struck off two or three-
hundred dollars from the committee's estimate.
That is the difference.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator says ho has in-
creased thepay. I will remind the Senator, with
his permission, if he is under the impression that
he has not reduced the pay of line officers, that he
has, at least, not increased it. He has notincreased
the leave pay of commanders. It is now $1,800;
he keeps it at that. He has cut down from the
proposition of the committee $375 from the sea
pay of the captains.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much have I in-
creased it over the present pay by law ?
Mr. MALLORY. You have increased it
slightly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The complaint of the
Senator is that I have not predicated my bill on
his.
Mr. MALLORY. No; I understand the Sen-
ator to say, that in every instance he has increased
the pay of the grade from what it is now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think I did not say in
every instance, but in many instances, and I be-
lieve in all.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say that in captains,
in ccrmmanders, and in lieutenants, I do not see
this increase.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask what a captain commanding a squad-
| ron gets now?
Mr. MALLORY. Four thousand dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill of mine gives
|5,000. What does a captain get when com-
manding a single ship ?
Mr. MALLORY. Three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In my bill it is $4,000.
What docs he got on other duty?
Mr. MALLORY. Three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Three thousand five hun-
dred dollars now?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir; and there is where
the Senator does not increase it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does a captain get the
same pay on other duty as at sea?
Mr. MALLORY. Precisely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think he ought,
according to your own plan of paying more for
can-spvvirn
Mr. MALLORY. Neither do I.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much does he get
when waiting orders ?
Mr. MALLORY. Twenty-five hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have left that.
Mr. MALLORY. Now as to commanders.
They receive $2,500 at sea.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose to give $250
increase. On other duty I give them $2,250.
Mr. MALLORY. That is an increase.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On leave or waiting or-
ders, $2,000.
Mr. MALLORY. There the Senator has not
increased it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Commanders of five years'
standing I give $3,000 on sea-duty; and $2,700
on other duty, and so on. In some particular in-
stances I have not increased; but my statement
was that I had increased the pay of all classes of
officers.
Mr. MALLORY. You have in some cases,
but not m others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course.
Mr. MALLORY. You have not increased
