3290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Mr. CURTIS. I object. We already have
overland routes enough to carry all the mails to
California,
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. ^ I desire to say a
single word in reference to thisjnatter.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object, unless the bill is
introduced.
BOOKS FOR MRS. JONATHAN TAYLOK AGAIN.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Cox to suspend the rules; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Allen, Alley, Ashley,
Beale, Bingham, Blake, Bouligny, Brabson, Branch, Bray-
ton, Buffinton, Burch, Burlingame, Burnham, Butterfieid,
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark, Clopton,
Cox, Curry, John G. Davis, Duell, Dunn, Eliot, Ely, Eth-
eridgc, X?erry, Florence, Foster, Frank, Gilmer, Gooch,
Gurley, Hoard, William Howard, William A. Howard,
Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, Jenkins, Kilhnger, Kunkel,
Jja'ndruin, DeWitt C. Leach, Longnecker, Love, Elbert S.
Martin, MoKean, McKnight, McQueen, Moorhead, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Palmer* Pettit, Peyton,
Porter, Pugh, Quarles, Rice, Chustophei Robinson,Ruftin,
Itust, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sheiman, William Smith,
Spinner, Stratum, Tappan, Taylor, Vallandigham, Vance,
Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, Elhhu B.Washburne,lsiael
Washbuin, Webster, Wmslow, and Woodruff—86.
NAYS—Messis. Babbitt, Francis P. Blair, Bonham, Bris-
tow, Cobb, Colfax, Ciawford, Curtis, II. Winter Davis,
Gartrel),' Grow, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Hat-
ton, Houston, Jones, Loomis, Mallory, Marston,Maynard,
McPherson, Morrill, Morse, Olin, Phelps, Pryor, Reagan,
RoycejWiliiam N. H. Smith, Stanton, Stevenson, Stokes,
Thomas, Verree, Walton, Wells, and Wiight—&>.
So the rules were suspended, (two-thirds having
voted therefor.)
Mr. COX demanded the previous question on
the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 desire to state that I voted
on the motion to suspend the rules for a quorum
without knowing precisely what the resolution
was. I now understand that it is to give this
lady, not the books ordered by the Twenty-Sixth
Congress, but those which are equivalent in value.
If I had so understood it, I should have voted
against the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON called for tellers on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffintton
and Q,uaiiles were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seventy-three, a further count not being
demanded.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was adopted; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CMJF0HNIA MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask the consent of
the House to introduce the bill, the substance of
which I stated a moment ago, to provide for a
mail service to California.
Mr. BLAtR of Missouri, Mr. WASHBURNE
of Illinois, and others, objcctcd.
. Mr. gl-IERMAN. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to say that
the Postmaster General has authority now to carry
all the mails overland.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand it, none
of the heavy mail can be carried overland. There
is no provision for carrying anything except the
letter mail overland.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. At the lust Con-
gress'* joint resolution was passed authorizing the
Postmaster General to contract for carrying all the
mails to California over the central route, which
was pocketed by the President. At the present
session, however, he sent a message to Congress
saying that the Postmaster General already had
power to place upon that route such service as he
desired.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of having all
the mail carried by the overland route; and as
soon as such service can be established upon a
secure basis, I am willing that all service by the
Panama route may be discontinued; but I think it
is necessary that this temporary provision should
be made. This bill provides for giving these par-
ties precisely what they receive now. The pres-
ent rate of compensation, running up to July of
this year, was established when there was com-
petition in the bids. These parties have now
drivenoffall competition, and demand, 1 believe,
something like half a million dollars for the ser-
vice. I am willing to continue the contract until
the 4th March next at the present rate of compen-
sation, but not at any higher late.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Congress has de-
clared the route running by Salt Lake, Placerville,
and St. Joseph, to be a post route; and the Post-
master General has the right to place any service
he may desire upon that route, and to pay for it
any price which may be necessary.' Now, sir,
the President having informed Congress that the
Postmaster General has the right to place any ser-
vice he may see proper upon those routes which
have been declared post routes, from our western
frontier to the Pacific, there is no necessity, such
as the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means seems to suppose, for making any further
provision for supplying ample mail scrvice for
California.
Mr DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Missouri if he can state to the
House what it will cost to carry the entire mail
overland ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I can state, from
what I believe to be responsible authority, that
the entire mail can be transported to the Pacific,
overland, for $800,000 a year daily, or $600,000
tci-weekly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Does that include
printed matter?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Books, newspa-
pers, and everything.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Has any propo-
sition of that description ever been made?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; there are
responsible parties now who are ready to carry
the entire mail overland at the prices 1 have men-
tioned, and in much less time than it is now car-
ried.
Mr. REAGAN. The President states that the
mail matter which goes by the water routes can-
not be carried overland. He says that there arc
from fourteen to twenty tons of mail matter which
goes by the Isthmus route semi-monthly. The
difficulty of procuring the carriage of such a
heavy mass of mail matter overland will render
it impossible to make a contract on anything like
reasonable terms. It is necessary at this tune, I
think, that we should continue sending the heavy
mail matter by the Isthmus.
Mr. BLAIR. We have always heard that cry,
that it is impossible. We were told that it was
impossible to have any overland mail at all; but
that has been proved to have been a false predic-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to know what
is the cost of the present service under this con-
tract.
Mr. CURTIS. I have the floor. I made the
objection to this bill, but I do not wish to appear
captious. Gentlemen say that this mail matter
cannot be carried overland. I would ask them
how the mail was formerly carried in the Missis-
sippi valley long before we had railroads? We
had then millions of population there in that val-
ley, and the mail, much larger than this, then
went by stages. It went over the Cumberland
and the Alleghany mountains. This mail matter
can be carried the same way overland to-day.
Theie is not one third part of the population on
the Pacific that there was in the Mississippi val-
ley in former days when the whole mail was
carried in stage coaches.
Mr. BRANCH. I think that, at this late hour
of the session, it will be impossible to authorize
the carrying of the mails overland.
Mr. CURTIS. Ail that has to be done in to
increase the service on the overland routes to Cal-
ifornia. We can then get all the mails carried and
in less time than they can be carried by the way of
the Isthmus of Panama. I believe that we ought
to carry our mails through our own country in-
stead of through a foreign country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to know the pres-
ent cost of can ying the mad by the Panama route.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The prescntcon-
tract for the transportation of the California mails
terminates on the30th instant. The service was
twice a month from New York, by the way of
the Isthmus of Panama, at $37,500 for nine
months, which is at the rate of $50,000 per an-
num; but there is embraced in the same arrange-
ment a provision for the transportation of the
mail twice a month from New Orleans to San
Francisco, via Havana, at $150,000 for nino
months,the Govei nmrntpaying the Panama Rail*
road Company the transportation across the Isth-
mus, at the rate of $100,000 per annum. I will
suggest to the chairman of'the Committee of
Ways and'Means that the plan he has indicated
would, probably, not accomplish the object of se-
curing the transportation of the mails as thev are
now carried. The mails cannot be carried from
New York to San Francisco, twice a month, at the
rate of $50,000 per annum; nor do I believe that
they can be carried from New Orleans to Son Fran-
cisco, via Havana and Aspinwall, for $150,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I consented to introduce
this bill on the distinct statement that no greater
sum should be paid for this service than is now
paid.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. For the whole
mail service ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. If the gentleman
says that the company will not carry the mails
for that price, then I am in favor of falling back
on the overland routes.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I am not author-
ized to speak for the companies; but I do not
hesitate to say that I do not believe that the service
from New York to California three times a month
can be had at the rate which has been paid for the
last nine months for the semi-monthly service.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the bill, as now offered,
cannotaccomphsh the purpose desired, and I with-
draw it.
M>\ CLARK, of New York. A proposition has
been made by the parties now engaged in trans-
porting those mails to carry the letter mail three
times a month for the postages; but they will not
undertake to carry the free mail and the printed
matter for postages, for, upon the franked mat-
ter, there are no postages; but they will carry the
printed and free matter at the price for which they
convey express freight.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Postmaster General
is now authorized to contract for the overland
service. On the statement of the gentlcmanfrom
New York, I withdraw the bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 renew the hill; and, on
its introduction, I demand the; yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 02, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam*, Barr, Bocock. Bon-
ham, Bonlnjny, Btal>?on, Bumch, Btayton, Buich, Case,
Clopton, CoIIa\, Co\#, Ciawioid, H. Winter Davis, Delano,
Edwaidx, ELot, Floience, Fo-tet, Fiank, Gattreil, John T.
IIairi>, Hoard, Houston, William llowaid, Jlunjphrey,
Landrum, Man-ton. Chatles J). Martin, Elboit S. Martin,
MitKon.Mooihend, Mori til, NeKon, Niblack. Palmei. Pen-
dleton, Pin ton, Phelps, Pugh,Quaiie-, Reagan, It ice. Chus-
topher Robinson, Rufiin, Rust, Sciatfton, Sedgwick, Sin-
gleton, William Smith, William N. II. Smith, Spinner,
Stalhvorth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Stration,
Vallandigham, WmMow. Woodtuli, and Mi. Speaker—62.
NAYS—Me-^n-i. Aldneh, Alley, Ashley, Bingham, Fran-
cis P. Blair, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bustow, Butnnton,
Burlingame, Burnham, Butterheld, Carey, Cobb. John G.
Davis, Duell, Ely, Gooch, Giow.Guilev. Hale, J. Morrison
llarus, ilatton, Holimck, William A. Howard, Ilutcluns,
Jones, Kilhnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Longnecker, Loomis,
Malloiy, Maynard, McKean, McKnight, MePherson, Ed-
watd Jov Morris, Morse. Olin, Peri v, Pettit, Porter, Potter,
Koyce, Sherman, Stanton, Stoke>. Tappan, Taylor, Vance,
Vandevei, Veiree. Walton, Ellilni B. Waslibuine, Israel
Washburn, Webstet. and Welh—r>7.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
During the vote,
Mr. BABBITT stated that lie was paired with
Mr. Underwood.
Mr. WINSLOW stated that he was paired
with Mr. Nixon: but as this was not a political
question, he would vote in the allii illative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
Thereupon (at a quarter to live o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 25, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HALE was, on his motion, excused from
serving as a member of the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
