382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
of every just and constitutional right. The south-
ern States ought to demand of their northern
brethren, that m the establishment of every terri-
torial government by Congress, their slave prop-
erty should be put upon the same footing of all
other property which shall be carried into the
Territories—that it be recognized as property—
that the relations of the parties be regulated and
defined, and that ample remedies be provided for
its protection and enjoyment during the existence
of the territorial government. They ought to de-
mand that these rights should be so rccognized, and
their property so protected that they may feel
secure and safe in emigrating to the Territory with
their slaves; and in the event thatCongress should
refuse or fail to accord to them these acts of simple
justice and equality, if it should come shortof its
duty, and its whole duty, the most sacred duty of
all governments, to provide for the security, pro-
tection, and enjoyment of all its citizens of their
lives, liberty, and property, then the South should
no longer remain in a Union which thus fails to
accomplish the objects of its formation, and with-
out which it would be a curse rather than a bless-
ing. And, sir, 1 say now to the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,} and all the northern Democ-
racy, that, in my opinion, the southern States
ought, in the Charleston convention, to demand the
plain and unmistakable recognition of these rights
of the southern people in the Territories of the
United States, as aconditionprecedent to any party
affiliation with the northern Democracy; and
should the delegates from the free Sfates refuse to
recognize these rights, then, sir, the southern dele-
gates should no longer hold political associations
with them; but withdraw from the convention and
take steps to rally the southern people in the forma-
tion of a party at home, which should be based upon
the simple and sacred proposition of "equality,
in the Union, or independence out of it."
I will not undertake here to say in what form
or in what set phrase of words such a recognition
of our rights shall bo expressed. I want the sub-
stance, and am content to have it m any reason-
able form; but I will not be content with a shadow.
I want no Delphic oracle, which, like the Kansas
bill or the Cincinnati platform, may be interpreted
1o suit the tastes or interests or prejudices of dif-
ferent men, different parties and different sections
of the Union. We ought, to have it in plain Eng-
lish, and in language which no one can misunder-
stand or distort. Sir, we want and must have,
not only the Cincinnati platform, but all and sin-
gular the principles decided by the Supreme Court
in the Dred Scott case, with ample and satisfac-
tory assurances and guarantees that they shall be
practically carried out and faithfully enforced m
every Territory over which a government may
hereafter be established. With such a recognition
of the rights of the southern people; with these
assurances and guarantees imorporated into the
Democratic platform, at Charleston, I, for one,
am willing to act cheerfully, faithfully, and zeal-
ously with the national Democracy, and to sup-
port any candidate the convention shall select,
who pledges himself to adhere to and support that
platform. Without them, 1 will not support the
candidate nominated by that convention, if any
should be nominated, except as a necessity and a
choice of evils; and not then, unless they shall be
men who agree with me on all these important
and vital questions, and whose characterand ante-
cedents entitle them to mv confidence, approval,
and support.
I do not say, sir, that 1 will not support the
nominee of that convention, even with a defect-
ive platform. There are manymen whom 1 would
supportcheerfully, warmly, zealously, even with
a platform coming short of what I think it ought
to be. I would support the distinguished Sena-
tor from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] whose sound
principles and opinions throughout th$ whole
range of political ethics; whose purity of public
and private character; whose ability as a states-
man, firmness as a man, and zeal as a patriot, have
ever challenged my highest admiration, respect,
and confidence. I would support the present dis-
tinguished Vice President of the United States,
[Mr. jBreckikiiidoe,] who, although he may have
rather more of conservative Unionism than I ap-
prove, yet possesses, in my opinion, those sound
political principles and eminent personal qualifi-
cations which would adorn the office of President
and conduct the Government proudly and safely
through every difficulty and danger. I would
support one of Georgia's distinguished sons, (the
Hon. Alexander H- Stephens,) who, although
differing with me on many questions of public
policy and party action for the greater portion
of our political lives, yet now possesses my full
confidence in the soundness of his views upon the
great questions affecting the rights, interests, and
honor of the southern people, and in his conserv-
ative temper, strong judgment, eminent ability,
and practical statesmanship. And, sir, there are
many others—they are all around me in this
Chamber—they are scattered all over the South;
indeed, sir, their name is legion, whom I would
cheerfully sustain and support, even upon a plat-
form which did not meet my own entire approval.
Nor would I confine my selection to the South
alone; though I am clearly of the opinion that
the South is entitled to the candidate for the Pres-
idency, and that the true policy of the Democratic
party is to choose a southern man. There are
northern men whom I would support if nomi-
nated; but I must say, sir, that, as I now under-
stand the position and principles of most of the
eminent men in the ranks of the northern De-
mocracy, there are very few to whom I would give
my vote, unless placed upon and approving a
platform fully recognizing the cardinal rights of
the southern people as I have asserted them. I
will say, however, sir, that I would not support
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] should
he be nominated by the Charleston convention,
with nothing better than the Cincinnati platform;
and as he has repudiated any other, I consider his
rejection by that convention, and certainly by the
whole of the southern States, as a foregone con-
clusion. I consider his doctrines upon the subject
of territorial power and the rights of the southern
people as unsound in theory and disastrous to us
m practice as the Wilmot proviso of the Repub-
lican party; and, thus considering them, what-
ever may be my personal respect for that gentle-
man and my admiration of his talents, 1 could not
sanction his nomination or aid in his election to
the Presidency. 1 mustsay, sir, that, m my opin-
ion, he has forfeited all claim to the confidence and
support of the southern people, by his course upon
the Leeompton question, and his extiaoidinary,
dangerous, and heretical doctrine of "squatter
sovereignty," of which he may justly be consid-
ered the great embodiment.
Sir, Kansas was entitled to admission under the
Leeompton constitution. Such was the opinion,
the sincere and firmconviction,ofthcwholesouth-
ern people, of all political parties; and such was
the opinion of a large portion, if nota majority, of
the northern Democracy She had formed a con-
stitution under the law and according to law. The
most essential and important question connccted
with and embiacedin the constitution had been
formally and fairly submitted to the people, and
had been ratified and confirmed by them. Ac-
cording to usage, as well as a matter of right, she
ought to have been admitted into the Union. Her
admission under that constitution was advocated
and urged by a large majority of the Democratic
party; it was. in fact, a party measure, one to
which a Democratic Administration was commit-
ted, and upon the success of which it placed its
existence. Itwas, atany rate, considered by the
southern Democracy as not only just and proper
in itself, but as important to that section, and they
asked and urged the admission of the State at the
hands of their northern friends. Admitted under
the Leeompton constitution, Kansas would be a
slave State. Defeated and driven back, the pro-
slavery element in Kansas was weakened and
finally overcome and crushed out. Who defeated
it? Who disappointed the just hope and expecta-
tion of the southern people ?
It has been alleged that the Leeompton bill was
defeated by the votes of some six or eight south-
ern Americans in the House of Representatives;
and so it was; but the world knows that it was
also defeated by the votes of the anti-Lecompton
northern Democrats in that House, who followed
the lead, and were doubtless influenced and con-
trolled by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] who was the first to leave his southern
friends on that occasion; who turned his back
upon the Democratic party; who joined its ene-
mies, and with them waged an active, violent,
untiring, and unrelenting war against his former
party and friends, and finally defeated the Le-
eompton bill, and contributed more than any other
man to the accomplishment of the great object
which the Abolitionists had so much at heart, of
making Kansas a free State. Sir, X know well the
plausible ground upon which the enemies of the
Leeompton bill placed their opposition to it; but
can any man suppose—does any man believe—
that if the Leeompton constitution had excluded
slavery, a solitary voice would have been raised
in all the North against the admission of Kansas,
or a solitary vote given against it in Congress?
No, sir; it was the fact that it recognized slavery
which made it obnoxious to the thousand and
one unsound, fallacious, and frivolous objections
which were urged against it, and which finally
defeated it. Sir, it cannot be disguised or dis-
putc4 that the defection of the Senator from Illi-
nois from the majority of the Democratic mem-
bers in Congress at the time not only defeated the
Leeompton bill and policy of the Democratic
party, but did more to demoralize, distract, and
weaken that party at the North, than any man,
living or dead, ever did before him, or since. He
has returned into the Democratic fold, I admit,
and is now acting with the Democratic party, and
I hope in good faith; but he must atone, by years
of zealous fealty for the great wrong and injury
done to the party; he must forsake his odious
"squatter sovereignty" doctrine; he must recog-
nize the rights, and all the rights, of the South,
under the Constitution and laws of the States; he
must do her people justice—full, ample, complete,
unstinted justice—before he can ever regain the
confidence, sympathy, and support of the south-
ern people, or of the sound portion of the Demo-
cratic party everywhere.
Sir, I have spoken of the unsoundness of the
northern Democracy; and where and how do they
stand ? What is the political complexion of the
northern Democratic members of the present
House of Representatives ? Of the few members
of the last Oongress whom the great Abolition
monster of the free States has spared, a majority
of them followed the lead and rallied under the
anti-Lecompton banner of the Senator from Illi-
nois; and where stand the great mass of that
party in all the northern States? It stands upon
the same " squatter sovereignty" platform, and
rallies under the same "non-intervention" ban-
ner, thus ignoring and denying the just and equal
rights of the southern people, ana virtually ex-
cluding them from the Territories of the United
States for all time to come. The Democracy of
nearly every free State have spoken, and spoken
recently, upon these grave and great questions,
and all have spoken the same language and as-
serted the same principles and positions—" non-
intei vention" is the universal cry; Congress has
no power, and ought not to exercise it if it has,
to protect slavery in the Territories; that power
must bo left to the people of the Territories, to be
exercised by them at all times and at their sov-
ereign pleasure. This is the doctrine asserted
by every Democratic convention of the northern
States since the contest over the admission of Kan-
sas of the last Congress; and this doctrine has
been adopted and promulgated even by the De-
mocracy of California, heretofore claiming and
considered to be one of the soundest of all the
free States; and so intense is their affection for
this " non-intervention " " squatter sovereignty"
policy, that they " repudiate all political fellow-
ship with any man who docs not adopt it, or who
counsels the abandonment, limitation, or avoid-
ance of that principle."
Such, sir, is the present position, the avowed
doctrine, and settled policy of the northern Dem-
ocracy. and yet I have been taken to task and
condemned in severe language, notonly by north-
ern men, but by southerners, for questioning the
soundness of the northern Democracy ! I ask the
northern Democratic Senators on this floor, all
and every one of them, if they would vote for a
bill protecting slave property in any Territory of
this Union? 1 ask the northern Democracy,one
and all, if they are willing to incorporate a plank
in the platform to be "made at Chaileston recog-
nizing that power in Congress and its duty to ex-
ercise it? Sir, there may be northern members of
that party on this floor, there may be members of
it elsewhere at the North, who are ready to con-
cede protection by congressional legislation to
slave property found in or taken to any of the
Territories of the United States; but I venture the
