1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 28,
merits and their claims are all that have been as-
serted of them; but I say none are more merito-
rious than the captains. I have been brought up
in the school in which old and faithful servants
are tenderly provided for; and to cast captains off
in their old age, when they have served their forty,
fifty, or sixty years in the Navy, with large fam-
ilies around them, and to refuse to give them the
same advantages of an increase of pay that you
give to others, seems to me unjust.
Now, sir, the ground upon which we profess
to raise the pay of the Navy is, that the cost of
living has increased from fifty to one hundred per
cent, since 1835. If the increase of the cost of
living renders it necessary to raise the pay of cap-
tains in the service, does it not render it equally
neccssary to raise the pay of captains on leave ?
Can they live cheaper comparatively than any
other captains, or anv other members of the ser-
vice ? i think it is mghly unjust, that every other
grade should receive an increase of pay while wait-
ing orders, and the captains none, ft is particu-
larly unjust; because,as the chairmanof the Naval
Committee has said, most of the sea-service is done
in the early part of an officer's life; and, as he
grows in years and in service, he has less oppor-
tunity to perform sea-duty. We may have five
lieutenants in a ship, but only one captain; and
it is, therefore, impossible for all the captains to
get to sea; and as they grow older, instead of re-
ceiving better pay, they are to receive worse. I
think that is not right; and I trust the Senate will
allow this addition to their present pay.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senate think proper
to adopt this amendment, I shall be very glad of
it; but it is due to the Senate that I should explain
its effect, because the Committee on Naval A Hairs
have not proposed it. In the committee it was
agreed not to recommend an increase of the leave
pay of the captains; but the committee were gov-
erned in that determination rather by expediency
than what was duo to these old officers.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 will say this to the chair-
man; in such a bill as this, it in very difficult for
one not better acquainted with naval affairs than
I am, to recollect purtieularly all the details; but
I know that it was through my instrumentality
in the committee that the pay of captains was
raised from ten totwenty-five per cent ; and I really
did suppose, until after the bill came in here, that
it went clear through the whole pay. It may bo
that the chairman stated at the tune that it was
not to apply to enptains on leave; but it made no
fiuch impression on my mind, and 1 really was of
opinion that it went clear through.
Mr. MALLORY. The effect of the amend-
ment, as 1 understand it. will be to give the cap-
tains on leave a half percent, upon their leave pay,
which is §L\500, for and during every year they
have held a captain's commission. Peihaps the
effect of if will be best shown by taking the oldest
arid the youngest captain. The oldest captain's
commission bears date February, 1831, twenty-
nine yars ago. The oldest, eaptain on tin4 list—
Captain Shubrick, (for the senior captain is a
flag office)—h as h ddii is commission twenty -nine
years, and therefore fourteen and a half percent,
on $2,500, would be given to Captain Shubuek
on his leave pay. The youngest captain has held
his commission only from March, 1857. It would
give him one and a half per rent, on his leave
pay. These officers would get tins increase only
upon their leave pay. It is of course diiected to
this contingency. This bill docs not touch a
number of old ofHceis who have had their com-
mands at sea already, and who have had their
commands on shore already; and going down the
list of captains, before their time shall J>e reached
again for a command, they wiil have ictired from
the world entirely. The bill does not in any wise
increase their pay, because the leave pay of cap-
tains is not increased, and the bill docs ignore
that class of officers. They are an old and meri-
torious class of officers, who have served the
country very faithfully. It is for the Senate to
say whether it will take cognizance of their claims
or not, or leave their leave pay at §2,500, as it is
now. The committee did not bring forward the
measure. I think the committee were unanimous
on that. Perhaps my friend from South Carolina
was not present when the committee came to that
conclusion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not rise particularly to
discuss this amendment, but the pay as fixed by
the bill of the Naya! Committee, so far as it re-
gards captains. I believe I shall be found as ready
as any gentleman on this floor to give perfectly
liberal pay to every class of public officers. I
desire the passage of this bill. I think the main ne-
cessity for the passage of the bill is in the inferior
grades of the Navy; I think we all agree upon
that. I think there is danger that this bill will not
pass, because the rate of increase in the higher
officers, as reported by the committee, is too great
—not that I should not be willing myself to allow
that rate of pay; but I know that opinion is not
shared very generally in the two Houses, cer-
tainly not in the other House. If we pass the bill
as reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
I am afraid it will fail, and being a friend of thS bill,
1 desire to amend that portion of it which pro-
vides for the pay of the higher grades of the
Navy.
The honorable Senator from Maine has pre-
sented a substitute for the bill of the Naval Com-
mittee, in the principles of which I do not concur.
I agree with the committee in the principle of
establishing a rate of compensation in the Navy
dependent, in a great degree, on the length of sea-
service; and I should be for putting a clause in the
bill providing for those cases ofinjustice to which
the Senator from Mississippi has alluded, and the
Senator from Mainealso—making some provision
in the bill by which, where officers are detailed by
reason ofpcculiar qualifications for special service
on shore, that service should be computed m their
pay as sea-scrvicc. I would thus provide against
doing injustice to that meritorious class of officers;
but keep up, for the general benefit of the Navy, the
system which makes the pay depend on the length
of sea-service, and not on the length of time an
officer has served in a particular grade. I do not
go into that question, because I do not desire by
debate to postpone the passage of the bill; but in
looking at the pay of the officers of the higher grade
in the first section of thehill, I desire toofFeroneor
two amendments—not that 1 would be indisposed,
as I said before, that the rates of pay should remain
as they are in the bill reported by the Naval Com-
mittee, but rather to compromise differences of
opinion both in this and in the other House. The
Naval Committee has reported for captains on duty
$4,375. The bill of the Senator from Maine pro-
poses §4,000. The Senator from Maine says he
did it principally because $375 was a fraction. If
Senators would put it et$350 a month, which
would be $4,200 a year, that would offer a fair
compromise between the views of the Committee
and the views of the Senator from Maine.
Mr, HAMMOND. I ask the Senator if he is
proposing t lie amendment now ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am going to offer an
amendment.
Mr. HAMMOND. My amendment is pend-
ing.
Mr. BENJAMIN, I understand that; but I am
speaking about that, and I was going on to pro-
pose4 to make the pay of a captain on duty at sea
§4,200, which is $350 a month, a little more than
the Senator from Maine proposes, and somewhat
less than the committee proposes. Then give the
captain on other duty (which the, Senator from
Maine proposes to put at $3,500, and the com-
mittee at ^3,937) $3,G00, which is $300 a month,
making a difference of fifty dollars a month be-
tween the pay on other duty and the pay at sea;
and then 1 would, instead of taking t he basis which
the Senator from South Carolina proposes for the
captains on leave or waiting orders, increase the
amount of their present pay from §2,500, and make
that $2,750. Thus the pay of the three grades of
captains would be $2,750, $3,600, and $4,200.
This would strike a middle course between the
proposition of the Senator from Maine and the
proposition of the Naval Committee; it would be
a fair increase of pay for thesehighergrades; and
in that shape, in my judgment, the bill would
have a much better chance of passing the other
House.
So far as the remaining items in the bill are con-
cerned, 1 prefer the bi4l of the committee to that
of the Senator from Maine, for the reason I have
stated. I should like to preserve the feature of
making the increase depend on sea-service; but I
am afraid the rates of increase in the higher grades
are too great to allow the passage of the bill in the
other House, or perhaps in this House. I make
this statement with a view that if we shall vote
down the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina, which has this objection: that it renews
the old practice of percentages, and keeps us in
the dark about what the officers are getting—if we
vote that down, I shall then move to increase the
leave pay of captains from §2,500 to g2,570.
Mr. HAMMOND. I desire that my amend-
ment shall be read again, for it was my intention
to propose that the percentage should begin from
the first commission in the Navy.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert
after line fourteen:
All other captains one half of one per cent, per annum
upon their present Jcave or waiting-orders pay, lor and on
account of every year from the date of their first commis-
sions in the Navy respectively, as shown by the records of
the Navy Department.
Mr. HAMMOND. I differ from the Senator
from Louisiana in toto in his views as to the
proper organization of a navy, and as to the proper
mode of graduating the pay of a navy. In the
Senate, and in the other House, there is nothing
of which members are so utterly ignorant as they
arc of a navy and of naval affairs, and the proper
organization and management of a navy and a
proper scale of pay for a navy. I doubt if there is
a member in either House, unless it might be my
friend from Florida, who could command a gun-
boat; and yet here we undertake to legislate on
our own views of things. In this condition of
gross ignorance I think we had better imitate
some State that has been successful in organiz-
ing a navy, and I think that the closer we imitate
England the better it will be for us.
The English navy has been organized on a
principle exactly the reverse of that propounded
by the Senator "from Louisiana. In the English
navy the pay of the subordinate officers is inferior
to our pay. When you reach the grade of cap-
tains m the English navy, they give them about
the same that our captains get, $3,500 a year. It
seems that we stick there, but that is not what
gives efficiency to the British navy. If the British
navy had been arrested at that, point, England
would never have ruled the seas for these two
hundred years. There are eleven grades in the
British navy above the rank of captain; and these
grades constitute the high prizes; and it is the
struggle for these high prizes which has made
the British navy what it is.
Sir, I do not know how it may be to those who
are accustomed to the sea; but for myself, I would
rather starve m solitary confinement on the land
than pass through the baulships of the naval ser-
vice up to the rank of captain. No one would do
it, I think,unless he was driven on byenthusiastic
love for that profession, or by a great panting for
renown, or by patriotism, or by the hope of some
great pecuniary reward within his reach in the
future.
In England, the moment a man steps into a
grade beyond the rank of captain, his salary dou-
bles instantly. As the captain of a squadron, he
gets nearly as much as it is proposed now to give
by the naval bill to our captain of the fleet, and
nearly $500 more than we propose to give to the
captain of a squadron. The moment he steps
from that into the rank of a first-class commo-
dore, 01;, what is nearly the same thing, a rear
admiral, the pay is doubled, and his income is
within fifty dollars of §11,000. When an officer
lands there, cCs he commonly does, after forty to
fifty years of service, he is in smooth water; he
is in port; he has a competence. He has at length
reached the point, after his long career of hard-
ships, where he is safe, and his family provided
for. It is by this system that the British have
built up their great and glorious navy.
In a few years he passes from grade to graJe,
and the next rank of vice admiral gives him a
salary of about $13,000. The rank of admiral
gives a salary of nearly §15.000, and the admiral
of the fleet gets about $16,500. In addition to
all this, the British officers in command upon
naval stations get a percentage upon all the gold
and silver they carry, which sometimes amounts
to a vast sum—sometimes from twelve to twenty
thousand pounds in a cruise. Besides, whenever
they carry a field officer or embassador, or any
distinguished person, they aiy allowed by their
Government, for table money, from half a guinea
to a guinea per diem. All these perquisites per-
tain to subordinate officers when m command, in
addition to the prize money they get; and this, for
