THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
out of any money ia the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the purpose of fitting up and furnishing the post
office portion of the custom-house in the city of St. JLonis.
The amendment was agreed to.
Ml'.'YULEE. I shall now offer a single amend-
ment. I wish to state to the Senate that upon the
reference to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, on Saturday, of the message from the
President relating to the California mail service,
the committee made a report which seemed not to
be acceptable to gentlemen here, and which could
not pass without unanimous conscnt. I have
since that time prepared an amendment, which
I hope steers clear of all objections, which pro-
vides for the mail service on the best footing we
can put it upon, and to which I trust there will be
no objection from any quarter. It looks finally
t<  the settlement of the great mail between the
two sections of the country daily overland to be
given to the lowest bidder, and a temporary ser-
vice upon the water.
The Secretary read the amendment, to insert at
the end of the bill the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he i3 hereby, authorized and directed to
advertise for proposals for the daily transportation of the
entire mail, overland, between St. Louis, Missouri, and
San Francisco, California, over the central route, m twenty
days5 time, the bids to be received until the 1st day of De-
cember next ensuing, and the sorvico to commence on the
1st day of July, 1861; and the Postmaster General is hereby
directed to award the contract to the lowest responsible
bidder.
Skc. —. Andbe it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he hereby is, authorized to provide tem-
porary steamship service, by the nearest and most expedi-
tious route, between Now York and San Francisco, at a
cost not exceeding §400,000 a year, icservutg to the Gov-
ernment the privilege of annulling the contract, after the
commencement of the overland pcrvice, upon ninety days'
notice.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
provide for the conveyance ofthe entire United States mail,
weekly, from St. Paul, Minnesota, via St. Cloud, and from
Superior, Wisconsin, via Crow Wing, to the Dalle?, in Or-
egon, v0"lth the same preemption right as heretofore allowed
upon other through routes : Provided, The service can be
obtained at an annual cost not exceeding $200,000, and the
trip to he performed in twenty days, the bervice to expire
on the 1st day of July, 1888.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the co^t of the
service authorized in th,c three preceding sections of this
act, and that now performing on the inland routes, num-
bered eight thousand nine hundied and eleven, (8911,)
twelve thousand eight lwndfed and one, (12801,) twelve
thousand five hundred and seventy-eight, (12578,) and
eight thousand and scventy-mx, (8076,) r-hall be paui alter
annual appropriation by the Secreuuy ol the Treasury upon
the certificate of service from the INMiua-ter tiencial, ex-
cept so far as appropriations may already have been made
for such seiviee; and the contractors on route 12V78, be-
tween St. Louis and Memphis and San Francisco, may,
between the terminal points, carry the mail on such loute
as they may prefer.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, 1 do not un-
derstand the last proposition contained in that
amendment, and I should like to have an expla-
nation of it.
Mr. YULEE. The last proposition is simply
this: that the contractors on what is called the
great overland route, the Ruttrrfield route, may
have liberty to choose their own routes between
the terminal points; that is, they shall not be eon-
fined to the southern route if they prefer to go
elsewhere.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that this amend-
ment, as a whole, has been offered to the post
route bill.
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. There is an amendment now
pending, I believe, moved by myself the other
day. Is there not?
Mr. YULEE. There is, sir. i offered this as
a substitute for yours.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not awarC'Of the pendency of a previous amend-
ment. If there be one, that is first in order.
Mr. WILSON. By general consent, I will
withdraw the amendment that I proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, the Senator withdraws his amend-
ment. It is withdrawn.
Mr. YULEE. If there is any objection to that
clause, I will withdraw it.
Mr. WILSON. I think it had better be with-
drawn.
Mr. YULEE. That was introduced at the
instance of a gentleman of the House who was
interested in that region of country; but I will
withdraw it.
Mr. WILSON. I am very glad it is withdrawn,
for I understand it is not satisfactory to some Sen-
ators here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is with-
drawn.
. Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that I
shall vote for the amendment offyrcd by the chair-
man of the committee, although I shall do it with
some little reluctance in regard to the steamships.
I shall vote for it as a whole, although I am op-
posed to making any further contract with these
steamships. I wish simply to state a fact as I
understand it; and I would like the attention for
a moment of the chairman of that committee, and
an explanation of it. I understand thatin March,
1859, a proposition was made, by responsible par-
ties, to carry the mail to California for the post-
age. I will make the whole statement, and then
I would like an explanation of it. I understand,
further, that the Postmaster General decided thai
it was an inland route; that the Postmaster Gen-
eral did not publicly advertise for bids, but sent
notices for bids to carry the mails to California;
that Mr. Johnson made a bid of $162,000, and an-
other party §178,000; that it was awarded to Mr.
Johnson; that two months before the time expired
at which Mr. Johnson was to commence the ser-
vice, the Postmaster General, with the assent of
the President of the United States, made a pro-
visional contract with Mr. Varidcrbilt to carry the
mail for $100,000 more than it had been let to John-
son for; that Johnson gave up hts contract; that,
though he was supported by responsible parties,
the Postmaster General, in violation of law, re-
leased those bondsmen, and that another party
offered to carry the mail for §178,000—$84,000 less
than it was let to Mr. Vanderbiit for—and claimed
the right to carry it, but it was let to Mr. Van-
derbiit.
I understand these facts. I make no reflection
upon anybody in regard to it; but I think it is
about time for this whole steam service to cease.
I shall, however, vote for it, because it is coupled
with and is a part of an amendment for an inland
mail across the continent by the central route to
San Francisco.
Mr. YULEE. We arc at too late a period of
the session for me to undertake to enter into any
detailed explanations upon the point which the
Senator suggests. I will simply state to him that
the proposition of Mr. Johnson was found to be
a bogus concern, and on the day on which the
mails were to be carried he was entirely unpre-
pared to do so, and the Postmaster General was
compelled to make a contract with another party.
There is a full explanation of the whole matter
in a letter from the Post Office Department which
has been printed as one of the documents of this
session; and he will also find a full explanation
in a letter from the Department in reply to an in-
quiry ofthe chairman of the Covode committee,
in answer to the testimony of persons who were
complaining. The Senator will find a full expla-
nation there. I hope we shall take a vote on this
question.
Mr. BRAGG. I wish to offer an amendment.
I move to strike out the words in relation to the
St. Paul route, and I will state the reasons why.
The words to be stricken out arc:
" With the same preemption right as heretofore allowed
upon othei through louief.."
Mr.YULEE. One moment, if the Senator will
allow me. I will call the attention of the Senator
from Massachusetts to executive document No.
45, for an answer to his inquiry.
Mr. BRAGG. My reason for moving the
amendment is this: it will be perceived by Sena-
tors that it is provided in the amendment submit-
ted by the Senator from Florida, in relation to this
northern route—the St. Paul route—that the con-
tractors arc to have the privilege of preempting
six hundred and forty acres of land, at a distance
not exceeding twenty miles apart; that is, for
every twenty miles of the route they arc to be al-
lowed to preempt six hundred and forty acres of
land; and that was the law in relation to matters
of this kind previous to this session. That sub-
ject gave a great deal of trouble. It was before
both Houses of the present Congress. The com-
mittees in both Houses gave it a great deal of
consideration. We conferred with the Interior
Department; and, upon the advice of that Depart-
ment, we came to the conclusion that it was bet-
ter to repeal that law. We have repealed it by a
general act, passed at this session, which has been
signed by the President, and is now the law of
the land. The reason why it was thought best
to repeal it was, that a great many cross-route
bidders have preempted lands, and there were
before Congress numerous petitions for relief for
the purpose of having these preemptions con-
firmed. The Land Office thought it expedient and
best to substitute this policy, which is incorpo-
rated in the bill that was passed, that these sta-
tions should be selected by the authority of the
Government, and should becomc permanent mail
stations. Now, these preemptions, when taken
out by a contractor, become his private property;
and if we are to go on with this system, every
contractor will take anew set of preemption rights
of six hundred and forty acres. The Department
thought it better, and the committee and the Sen-
ate, in passing the bill, have concurred in that
opinion, to have permanent stations set apart for
the use of the United States, or rather for the use
of the contractors who became contractors when
these biddings or mails were let; and that is the
system now provided for in the law. Therefore
I hope that part of the amendment will be stricken
out.
I know it is said that con tiactors on other loutes,
as my friend from Minnesota says, have had that
privilegc;but why extend it further? We have
concluded to stop, andchangc that policy. Why
should we continue it? Simply because others
have had it is no reason why new contractors
should have it again. We must commence the
system at some time. We have passed this law,
and now let us adhere to it. It may be said by
my friend that the contractor will not be willing
to take it upon as moderate terms without this
privilege as with it. Very well; let him be paid
more. But, sir, to go on with this system of pre-
emptions for every twenty miles with six hun-
dred and forty acres of land, we are assured in
the Department of the Interior, has given them
infinite trouble, more than anything else; and
after long consideration,and when all the petitions
were presented here by the contractors and others
in relation to this matter, the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands came to the conclusion that it was better
to repeal the law, and substitute the piovision
which I have stated.
Mr. RICE. 1 have but a few words to say upon
this amendment. What the honorable Senator
has just said in regard to the trouble that has
been*given to the Department I admit to be true.
He has stated that the trouble arose in conse-
quence of the cross routes. I know that is so.
The trouble has not originated upon the through
routes. The contractors pay $1 25 an acre for
the land. While others have been urging for a
homestead to keep the lands out of market, he
and his friends have taken a different course, and
ask that the Government shall receive $1 25 an
acre for the land. We arc willing to pay it, and
willing that the contractor should pay $1 25 an
acre. Then theSenatorthinks it is best to reserve
these stations for the use of the future mail con-
tractors, or for the Government. In the name of
Heaven, if you do that, when will the Government
get a dollar for the land? Never.
Then, again, I ask any Senator here if the con-
tractors have gone on and expended $500,000 in
improvements upon these lauds, and then Con-
gress takes these improvements away, when will
there be an end put to their coming here and
claiming indemnity? It will cost the Govern-
ment ten times the value of the land, and they
will get nothing for the land at last; or else the
contractors will not put improvements upon the
lands, and consequently the service cannot be
performed. Here, upon the northern route, the
first time there has been a prospect of obtaining
service, you cripple us so that we cannot get it,
if you strike out this provision; and at the same
time, you limit the amount to one fourth of what
is given upon other routes for performing the ser-
vice. I am willing, Mr. President, to amend the
bill so that no entry shall exceed one hundred
and sixty acres, to take one fourth of what has
been allowed to all other contractors upon over-
land service. I am willing to modify it to that
extent; but to go beyond u, I wish to say to the
Senate, would1 cripple us; the Government would
get nothing for the land; and, if improvements
are made, when tho next contractor comes in and
the Government takes possession and turns these
improvements over to him, I want to know if
