2348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
upon the coast of the Atlantic, and through the
mountain districtsof our country, and defend these
feneral principles, and defy Republican or fishy
•emoerat to meet me and deny or discuss their
truth./ When it comes down to a question of
fact, whether there is or is not a necessity for
legislation, thafe is a very different matter; one
about which gentlemen may well differ.
As to the principles upon which this Govern-
ment ought to be administered, there should be
no difference among those of the same party.
There should be no effort to prevent a distinct
declaration. There should be no effort to shield
one or embarrass another. We wish to know
where each stands. We want to know the prin-
ciples of every man calling himself a Democrat.
I differ from the Senator [Mr. Brown] as to the
fact asserted in his resolution. Others may differ
from him. He supposes that it is necessary to
legislate now. I think not. I am not willing,
therefore, in a set of resolutions setting forth prin-
ciples, to say that it exists or docs not. For these
reasons I shall vote against the resolution, and I
choose to give these reasons, because I do not wish
to be put in a false position.
Mr. BROWN. 1 am not going to prolong this
discussion. As I said in the outset, I was quite
content to take the vote upon the amendment
without one word of debate; but I could hardly
allow the speech of the Senator from Texas to
pass without a rejoinder. I do not know who
commissioned the honorable Senator from Texas
to lecture me as to •what was to be the effect of
my conduct. I act upon my convictions, as he
does; as every Senator ought to do. I do what I
think is right, and take the responsibility of my
own conduct. Every Senator is bound to do that
much, and I do not think it comes gracefully for
one Senator to get up to another and find fault
with him and his conduct, and tell him that amend-
ments which he feels called upon, in the discharge
of public duties, to offer are going to embarrass
other Senators. I surely have had no purpose to em-
barrass the action of any Senator or of any party.
I have felt, upon my soul, that the South was
being crushed out of the Territories by an unau-
thorized po%ver, and I called upon Congress to in-
terpose its power to arrest that lawless proceed-
ing. I have understood gentlemen to say that we
not only had the power, but, in a particular con-
tingency, it would become our duty to interpose
an authority. I think the contingency has al-
ready happened. I have pointed it out, time and
time again, and shall not repeat it now.
Senators will bear me witness that I have at no
time taken any part m this controversy, so far as
it bears upon the presidential election. In the
introduction of my original resolution, I had no
reference to the presidential election; not the slight-
est. Neither the Presidency nor any candidate
for it passed before my mind when X was drafting
those resolutions. I was looking simply to the
maintenance of a great principle, and in all the
discussions that have occurred here, I have alluded
to the Senator from Illinois simply as a Senator
from that State, and not as a candidate for the
Presidency. The Senator from Texas has three
or four times alluded to him directly as a presi-
dential aspirant, and has two or three times, I
think, out of place, insinuated that I had some
leaning toward him.
Mr. WIGFALL. With the Senator's permis-
sion, I will state that I have alluded to the Senator
from Illinois as a candidate for the Presidency but
once, so far as I know, except in one speech re-
peating his name several times; and so far as the
Senator from Mississippi himself is concerned, in
that speech I was forced to allude to him, because
I was discussing a question which the Senator
from Illinois had made; that is, the very issue
that we are now discussing. It was in debate
between him and the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Browh,] that they would neither cheat nor
be cheated; and therefore, I take it, my allusion
to him was legitimate, as I think iny allusion to
the Senator from Illinois was legitimate. But
once, though, have I done that thing.
Mr. BROWN. I am not responsible for bring-
ing that point before the Senate; but since it is
here, I do not mean to allow intimations from
any Senator to make erroneous impressions upon
the public mind, so far as lam concerned. Now,
sir, without consuming the time of the Senate,
without reference to anybody's conduct but my
ewn, X tell you this: if the southern States, shortly
to assemble at Richmond, nominate a southern
candidate upon a southern platform, sound, clear,
distinct, free from ambiguity, that candidate will
get my vote; but I will not follow mere abstrac-
tions outside of the national Democratic organiza-
tion. If there be a mere enunciation of abstract
principles, never to be carried into effect, I cannot
for that sever my connection with the northern
Democracy, and I will not. I hope I am under-
stood. So far as the Senator from Illinois is con-
cerned, he denies that the southern people are
entitled to protection under the Constitution for
their slave property in the Territories—errone-
ously, as I think, denies it; but still denying it, he
refuses, by his vote or action here, to give us pro-
tection. His conclusion is legitimate upon his
own premises. If we are not entitled to it, then
the Senator has a right to refuse it. But what
say other Senators? We are entitled to protec-
tion, and yet when we ask it you refuse it. The
difference, as I understand it, is that the Senator
from Illinois commences wrong, but concludes
right from his own premises; and other Senators
commence right, but conclude wrong upon their
premises.
I am left out on both sides; nobody proposes to
protect me; nobody proposes to protect my slave
property in the Territories; and that is thepractical
point which I make for positive, direct, immediate
protection. If I am wrong in it, as Senators say I
am, then vote down my proposition. I have a
deep and earnest and heartfelt conviction, not
only that wo are entitled to protection, but that
wo are entitled to it now. Senators fnistake me
most prodigously if they suppose that I am urg-
ing my special idea with reference to anybody's
success for the Presidency, for I tell you I would
not give the snap of my finger to have one man
or another nominated and elected President, un-
less my equal rights in the Confederacy arc to be
protected. I claim that the State that 1 represent
and the people and property of that State, stand
on the same political footing with any other State
or the people and property of any other State. I
simply demand that we shall be treated as equals.
If that equality bo denied, I repeat again, 1 care
not a sixpence who is elected President.
Mr. MASON. I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
although I concur, as fur as I understand it, en-
tirely in its provisions, so far as ltintends to assert
a right or a duty or a principle. I am clearly of
opinion, whenever a case arises in one of the Ter-
ritories where any slave property, or any other
property there, is not protected by the law of the
Territory, that it is the duty of Congress, by
proper legislation, whatever it may be, to provide
adequate protection. This amendment assumes,
as I understand it, that there is now an existing case
in one or more of the Territories where property
—slave property, of course—is withoutprotection;
and it asserts a duty for Congress, and a purpose
for Congress to provide it. Now, sir, I am un-
informed about the facts. The Senator from Ohio
tells me—but I really had not before known—that
there is still a provision in all the territorial laws
requiring that they shall report their laws to Con-
gress. 1 have never looked into them, and I doubt
if any other Senator has looked into them unless
from general curiosity. I do not know what the
provisions of those laws are.
Mr. PUGH. I showed them to the Senator
last week.
Mr. MASON. You showed me that the laws
were hero.
Mr.-PUGH. I showed you the provision in
the Kansas-Nebraska bill requiring the laws to
be sent.
Mr. MASON. And I say so: but I have never
seen the laws. I have never had my attention
called to them. I have heard through the news-
paper reports that there were laws of a certain char-
acter there; but they were very vague reports,
and I have never felt called upon, as a practical
question, to look into those laws.
Now, sir, the resolutions that were introduced
by the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] are
resolutions merely asserting general principles of
this Government. This amendment is intended
to assert an existing state of facts, and it may be
true. Whether it is true or not, I do not know;
but if the fact be true that there are, in the Terri-
tory of Kansas, laws that are made either to abol-
ish, or in abrogation of the rights of slaveholders
to slave property in thatTerritory, the case should
come before us in some way for practical legisla-
tion. I know, as partof the history of that coun-
try, that some years ago slaves were carried, but
not in large numbers, into that Territory. I have
understood, from general information, that there
were never more than two or three hundred slaves
there. I can very well understand from the dis-
sensions, the war (for it was a war) that ensued
there, and its being seen, as it was seen very soon,
that the young men from the free States were foot-
loose, and those from our States not, could out-
travel us, and get there in larger numbers, it very
soon became apparent that the chances were large
that it was to be occupied by those who were
against this species of properly, and I infer, there-
fore, that slaves ceased to go in it. I do not know at
this day, and I doubt if any Senator can give me
the information, whether there is a single slave in
that Territory. I suppose, if there are any now
there, they are but few. I take it for giantcd
those slaveholders who went there intending to
occupy plantations with slaves have found that
they have been outnumbered by the free State
people, (and they are now claiming here admis-
sion as a State,) and that it would be unsafe for
them to remain with their property, and. they
would realize nothing if they did. I do not know
whether there is a single slave to be found in that
Territory; but be it so or not, if we are to legis-
late on the subject, we must have the fact before
us. We must have a bill to enable us to carry it
into effect; and if I find, in that Territory or any
other, that there is a case arising for the interven-
tion of Congress, I hold the way perfectly clear;
and if it is not done, I shall say to my people,
"We have been deprived of aconstitutional right;"
but it must appear. For these reasons, 1 shall
vote against the amendment.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I perceive that
these are all questions touching Democratic su-
perstition, and do not pertain to our side of the
House. I hope, therefore, if a quorum can be
found on that side, that we shall not interfere in
the matter at all, but let them settle it according
to the sects.
Mr. HALE. I do not wanthistory put atfault,
sir. I think a majority of our side voted that it
was more expedient to take up these resolutions
and discuss them than it was to proceed with the
practical business of legislation. They voted upon
the yeas and nays, and I am not certain that it
was not the sense of the Senate on both sides of
the Chamber, that this was the best thing we
could possibly be engaged in. They postponed
the overland mail bill, which is a practical ques-
tion, for the purpose of these discussions. I think
we on this side of the House ought not to be
wanting in the discharge of that duty which, m
the judgment, of a large majority of the Senate,
we ought to be engaged in. If I say anything
upon these resolutions, I say it in obedience to
the judgment of the Senate that these are things
we ought to be discussing. [Laughter.]
While I am up, I want to say a single word,
and but a word, t' the Senator from Texas. If 1
understand the views he has expressed on this
subject, ho does not want to indorse the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] because he is apprehensive it,will
put some of his northern Democratic friends m a
wrong position. That is what I understood him
to say. I do not wish to say a word here for
any Democratic friends of the Noith who are hero
to answer for themselves, because they can an-
swer forthcmsel ves better than 1 can, and it would
be a work of supererogation for me to undertake to
say a word about them; but for those who are
absent I think I ought to say a word, I think
the Senator from Texas has done great injustice
if he thinks that the passing of the amendment in-
troduced by the Senator from Mississippi, Gov-
ernor Brown, would stagger them in tlie least.
I think they would takeitasagood p;ous Moham-
medan takes the Koran—"it is written," [laugh-
ter;] and if these resolutions, no matter what
they are, are sent out as Democratic, the regular
thing, untainted with any secession or anything of
that sort, I do not think he will lose a vote for
the Democratic party in the State which I have
the honor in part to represent. Sir, he does not
know the tried fidelity of those men. [Laughter.]
I do not think you can pass any resolutions upon
