THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P.
G.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1860.
the torch of the incendiary, and the pikes and rifles
of an infuriated domestic enemy, instigated by
northern fanaticism, and led on by the descendants
of John Brown and the disciple# of the great cham-
pion of the irrepressible conflict?
Sir, it will be the dictate of freedom, safety,
interest, and honor for the southern States, upon
the happening of such a contingency, to sever at
once the ties which bind them to the present Union,
and set up a distinct and separate government of
their own. I know the repugnance of the southern
people to such an experiment. I know the love
and reverence which they have entertained for the
Union. I know how loth men and communities
are to break up existing institutions, and to form
new ones; to change a Government under which
they have lived for many years, and begin, as it
were,anewnational existence. But, sir, the south-
ern mind is fast coming to the conclusion, if in-
deed it has not already reached it, that their honor,
their rights, their interests, and, above all, then-
safety, absolutely demand that they should reas-
sume their sovereign capacity and power, and
enter into a new conipact of union with friendly
and congenial States. I know also, sir, another
great stumbling block in the way of such a move-
ment—the apprehension and dread which have
existed in the minds of the southern people, and
which the North is ever endeavoring to impress
upon them, that disunion cannot be effected with-
out bloodshed and civil war. !
But, sir, even that difficulty is rapidly passing j
away. All considerate men sec clearly that the j
fifteen slave'States could swing out of the present
Union and form a separate confederacy without
the firing of a hostile gun or the shedding of a
drop of human blood. No, sir; were such a move-
ment inaugurated by the southern States, none
but a northern fanatical fool would ever suggest
or urge the attempt to fores them back into the
former Union Every man of common sense,
and certainly every statesman, would know that
such a thing would be impossible. And if it were
possible; if it were attempted and accomplished,
what would a Union be worth, cemented by blood
and kept together by the cohesive power of the
bayonet! But such a thing would be impossible,
ana the northern people know it.
Sir, northern demagogues talk very fluently and
flippantly about whipping* the revolted ^outh
back into their fraternal embrace. We have heard
such vaporings even on this floor; but, sir, they
generally proceed from those who would be the
very last to undertake the job. Now, siu, when
the southern States shall in the exercise of their
sovereign will and power determine to dissolve this
Union, separate from the North, and foim a gov-
ernment for themselves, let these loud-mouthed,
blood and thunder, braggadocio Hotspurs ossem- j
ble their abolition army and come down, through ;
Virginia and the Carolinas, to Georgia, to force :
us back into the Union, if they dare. They j
threaten us who may secede with the halter and ;
the gallows. Sir, we should not dignify them, i
x The following resolution, amonsrst others, was adopted,
by a great Union meeting" at Williamsport, Pennsyl-
vania, on the 10th day ot'December, 18a9:
"Resolved, That we will resist, with our hve^ and for-
tunes, any attempt to annul the laws of our b.ioved coun-
try, and that in the event of any attempt at dissolution of
tin? glonous Union, one hundred thousand Pennsylvania
swouls will leap from their scabbards to eiush it.''
The New York Courier and Enquirer, one of the rank-
est of all abolition sheets, and certainly the greatest bully of
them all, on a recent occasion used the following language:
" If anv portion of this great Confederacy, whether it be
the East or the West, the North or the South, attempts to
withdraw from the Union, it will be promptly whipped—ay,
whipped—into subjection. It is all idle tominee the matter.
The fiat has gone forth, and will be enforced ; let Washing-
ton, Oregon, and California, at the 3\oithwes>t, or Maine,
New IIampsh|re, and Massachusetts, at the Northeast, or ;
the agricultural Statesof the North and center, oi the slave 1
Stales of the South and Southwest—let any on^ of them,
or any combination of them, raise the banner ot febellion
against the American Union—we care not what their pre-
tense for treason—as ccitainlv as theie is a God above, so
certain is it that the offending States will be ivkipped into
obedience, and the traitors who encouraged rebellion
terminate their career upon the gallows.**
25
such as wouid bo so unfortunate as to reach us,
with such a decent exit from this world; we should
not show them even the respect extended to their
faithful friend and ally, John Brown, but, by the
Eternal, we should hang them up like dogs to the
trees of our forests growing ready to our hand's.
Sir, in such a cause and in such a war, the South
would plant her feet upon the firm basis of her
rights and her honor, and, in the language of the
ancient knight, exclaim:
'< Come one, come all; this rock shall fly
Fiom its tiim base as soon as I."
Mr. GREEN. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 9, I860.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. K. Morsell.
The J ournal of Saturday was read and approved.
The CLERK stated as the business first in
order the question of the admissibility of the res-
olution proposed to be submitted on the 5th in-
stant, by Mr. Montgomery, upon which the gen-
tlemanirom Georgia [Mr. Gartrell] was entitled
to the floor.
Air. WINSLOW. Will my friend from Geor-
gia give way for a motion for a call of the House,
with a view of proceeding to a ballot this morn-
ing, with the understanding, of course, that he
has the floor when discussion is resumed ?
Mr. GARTRELL. It will be recollected that
I have not yet occupied the attention of the House;
but so anxious am I to-day for an organization,
that, although I desire to trespass for a short time
upon the patience of the House, if it be desired
by my friends, and gentlemen think there is any
prospect of an organization to-day, I will very
cheerfully yield for the gentleman's motion, with
the understanding that 1 am entitled to the floor
when discussion is resumed.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that there be a call
of the House; with a view, immediately there-
after, to move that the House proceed to a vote for
Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called, when the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Aldricl), tirown, Horace F. Clark, Clemens,
Claik B. Cochrane, John Cochiano, Delano, Dimmiek,
Florence, llmdman, Irvine, Jenkins, Jones, Millwaid,
Pottle, Reynolds, Schwartz, Sickles, Stallwortli, Taylor,
VallaiKhgham, Verier. Woodson, and VViiglit.
Duung tin; call of the roll,
Mr. 1V1 cRAE slated that Mr. Clf.mens's pair
with Mr. Verrei; extends until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock m.; that he is at present detained
from the House by the indisposition of Mrs. j
Clemens.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that Mr. Jones was
paired off with Mr. Irvine.
Mr. SPINNER stated that Mr. Pottle's pair
expired yesterday, but it was understood that
some man on the "other side would pair with him.
Mr. WINSLOW. He will be paired with Mi.
Scott to-day.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Schwartz
was paired with Mr. Woodson.
Mr. OLIN stated that Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane was paired with Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. RUST stated that Mr. Hindman was de-
tained in lus room by rheumatism; that it was
inconvenient for him to be here, but that he would I
come to the House, unless some gentleman upon j
the other side would pair with him. I
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that Mr. Scranton j
was in his room, and would be sent for. i.
The names of the absentees having been read, j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: There seem
to be a few moments of time now, in which we ;
can do nothing, and I will embrace it for the pur- i
New Series No. 25^
- ——art
pose of saying something in the nature of a pfr.-
sonal explanation.
it will be remembered that during the tiifte I'
was engaged in making my speech, during th'6
Christmas holidays, I was subjected to the an-
noyance of frequent interruption.. Although those
interruptions, upon their face, seemed not to be '
gracious, 1 tofik no exceptions to' tliem, because I
well knew they were merely the effervescence of"
the occasion. When they began to.press rather
closely upon me, I confess I began to feel some- -
what restless; and yet the day passed away, and
with it, certainly upon my part, everything in the
nature of unkind feelings, if 1 ever entertained them
at all; for gentlemen who amused themselves at-
my expense, of their own accord assured me that
they entertained no .feeling whatever of disrespect
in what they had been doing. But a different im%
pression has taken possession of the public mind
of the country, and i have been notified in a variety
of forms that I did not meet that occasion with
proper and becoming spirit. Of course, I me ely
call the attention of the House to it at this time,
to say that I felt not at all aggrieved,forI had all
the disclaimers tendered me at the time that I
could possibly require. I mention it, too, to let
the country know the state of the facts as thay
really stand. I shall not press this view of the
subject any further.
There is another thing to which I desire to call
the attention of the House. It is known that the
26th of December last, although it was represented
b y the other side that they were as cool as an icicle,
was a cheerful and inspiring occasion. While I
was addressing the House, certainly without hav-
ing the slightest exhilaration other than that in-
spired by the subject and the presence of those
around ine, somebody kindly sent me a glass of
egg-nogg; but I am to this day ignorant who tha
person was. I understand it was a lady; and I
have been the object of many a kind and gracious
favor by that sweet portion of our race. The glass
of egg-nogg was placed by my side. Well, al-
though not strictly a temperance man, yet, per-
haps, I maybe considered remarkably temperate,
because 1 have not, I may say without boasting,
taken a glass of spirits and water irt forty-five
years, though mingling much during that time
with large bodies of my fellow-citizens on elec-
tion and various other occasions. I have kept
myself as temperate as gentlemen upon the other
side of the House represent that they keep them-
selves. I confess I like a little egg-nogg on Christ-
mas occasions. It was placed by me, upon the
occasion referred to, by some kind friend, and I
raised it to my lips, drinking some of it, yet that"
act has been represented by-many of that corps
of correspondents [pointing to the reporters'gal-
lery] who obtain their places in the gallery
through the indulgence and courtesy of the House,
to characterize not only me, but to characterize
this House, in terms of reproach and bitter crit-
icism.
I have had my attention particularly called to
an article in a newspaper published in St. Louis.
I have no comments to make on that article^ be-
cause the writer of it has done mq, the justice to
make all requisite explanations and apologies. I
do not advert to it for the purpose of indulging in
any bitterness of feeling whatsoever. I advert to
it to show how this thing is appreciated elsewhere,
and especially where I am best known. I shall
take the liberty to call the attention of the House
to a half dozen lilies printed in an Opposition
newspaper, published m my district, and penned
by an Opposition editor, always hostile to me in
politics, and twice my political competitor for a
seat in this House. 1 call the attention of the
House to it, not only to show how my conduct
is viewed in this connection at home—at home,
thank God, where I have always been able to
stand up and bid defiance to all enemies—not only
for that reason, but for the purpose of furnishing
a memorial of the elevated honor and impartiality
of that gentleman, which is well known to all
gentlemen who have the pleasure of his acquaint-
