1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1405
they are always at war, gives the subordinate
officers, on the whole, perhaps greater pay than
ours.
But the grand object in the organization of a
navy is to secure a port and an indraendence in
old age to the weather-beaten sailor. If we were to
organize upon this same principle, we have a com-
modore who would necessarily, from the length
of Ms service, be admiral of the fleet, and entitled
to the pay of one. I do not propose to give .here
so large a salary as is given m England; but my
idea is, that we ought to assimilate to it, and en-
, courage the young men of the Navy to struggle
through all the difficulties of their early years, that
they may at length get in to a harbor of safety. W e
have, besides, an officer in our Navy who would
be a vice admiral; and we have seven who would
be rear admirals, according to their date of service,
and who would come in, on anything like the Eng:
lish system, for an immense increase of pay. Now,
we have nothing higher than a flag officer, and
only six of them; and the pay that flag officers get
in our service, when at sea in command of a squad-
ron, will even by this bill be less than the table
money that would be allowed to such an officer in
the British service.
Sir, we boast of our Navy; we boast of our ship-
ping; we speak of ruling the sea; but I assure
you that 011 the miserable pittance you are now
giving your officers your Navy would ultimately
sink. I would sooner apprentice a son of mine to
any trade tlian.apprentice him in the Navy under
the present system.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator that
if he would offer his amendment so as to make it
a specific sum, he could probably get an increase
of the shore pay. It seems to me it would be un-
just that we should increase every other officer,
and not increase the pay of the captain on shore.
I think the Senator from Louisiana proposed a
specific addition.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move it as an amend-
ment, then, to the proposition of the Senator from
South Carolina, to insert after line fourteen a pro-
vision making the pay of captains on leave or
waiting orders, $2,750, instead of §2,500, as it is
now; or I would have 110 objection to $3,000.
Mr. HAMMOND. I will take $3,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing to move that
as an amendment. If that be adopted, I shall
.then move to make the other changes I have in-
dicated, and the result would be, that captains on
leave or waiting orders would get §250 a month;
captains on other duty than commanding at sea,
$300; and captains commanding at sea, §350;
making fifty dollars a month difference in the dif-
ferent grades of captains.
Mr. HAMMOND. I accept the amendment of
the Senator from Louisiana 111 lieu of my propo-
sition.
Mr. MALLORY. We liavj already adopted
an amendment making the leave pay $2,500. I
suggest that the Senator propose to strike out
$2,500, and insert $3,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 did not know that amend-
ment had been adopted. I move to strike out
" $2,500," and insert " $3,000," as the leave pay
of a captain.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I nowmove to amend thebill
in the eleventh and twelfth lines, by striking out
"$4,375," and inserting "§4,200." Thnt will
make the pay of captains on duty at sea $350 a
month, or $125 a year less than the Naval Com-
mittee recommend, and it is about half way be-
tween their proposition and that of the Senator
from Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now move, in the thir-
teenth and fourteenth lines, to strike out "$3,937,''
and insert " $3,600." That will make the pay of
captains on other than sea-duty, $3,600, or $300
a month.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the original
bill in the seventy-fifth line, to make it correspond
with the bill of the Senator from Maine, by striking
out the words "$850," and inserting " $1,000;"
so that it shall read:
Every passed midshipman, when on duty as such at sea,
$1,000.
The bill of the Committee on Naval Affairs
increases the pay of a passed midshipman only
1, raising it from $700 to $800. I believe the
chairman of that committee admitted here to-day
that those now at the Naval Academy will not
pass through this grade and become lieutenants
until they are in the neighborhood of thirty years
of age. In the mean time, they will have dis-
charged probably ten or a dozen years' efficient
service to the country acting as masters, or, at any
rate, in the grade of passed midshipmen. I think
it is unfair to require them to perform that duty
at a pay of only $850, when you are paying your
other officers so much more, in proportion to the
amounts they have been receiving.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no objection to the
amendment. I hope we shall have a vote.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I offer an amendment as an
additional section to the bill:
Jln/i be it further enacted, That the increased pay herein-
before provided and allowed, shall apply to officers on the
reserved list when ordered into active service, and during
the time of such service.
Mr. President, under the act " to promote the
efficiency of the Navy," it was provided, in re-
lation to the officers who should be retired by the
operation of the retiring; board, that they
" Shall receivc the leave of absence pay, or the furlough
pay to which they may be entitled when so placed, accord-
ing to the report of the board and approval of the President,
and shall be ineligible to further promotion, but shall be
subject to the ordeis of the Navy Department at all timea
for duty."
That law loft the retired officers subject at all
times to be called upon by the Secretary of the
Navy for active scrvice. The act of 1857, which
amended this law, provides that
" So much of the act of February 28, 1855, entitled i An
act to promote the efficiency of the Navy,'as renders re-
served officers ineligible to promotion, be, and the same is
hetel>y, repealed."
So that officers who have.been placed on the
reserved list are now eligible to promotion; but
the act provides that
 ■ Reserved officers maybe pioinoted on the reserved list,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate ; but no
such promotion shall entitle them to any pay beyond that
to which they woie entitled when so reserved; nor shall
they, by such promotion, take any higher rank," See.
So that, according to the present law, an officer
on the reserved list, although he may be promoted,
can never draw any pay over and above that which
was granted to him at the time he was thus pro-
moted. Therefore in the present condition of things
a lieutenant may be promoted a commander, and
he may be called upon by the Secretary of the
Navy to perform the duties of commander, and
yet have nothing but a lieutenant's pay. He may
go even beyond that, and after a while be pro-
moted to a captaincy, and he may be called by the
Secretary of the-Navy into active service, and he
may command a ship, or, indeed, he may com-
mand a squadron, and yet, while performing all
these high and responsible duties he will be en-
titled to nothing more than the pay of a lieutenant.
The Senate, I think, will see how unjust this
may operate on the reserved officers. Several
of those reserved officers, I understand, have been
called into active service 
Mr. MALLORY. Let the amendment pass.
It does not require argument.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senator from Florida
says there will be no objection, I have no desire
to detain the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. When these officers are called
into active service, they should have the pay I
do not see any objection to it.
Mr. IVERSON. The bill did not provide for it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. Is it in order now.to offer a
substitute for the original bill, as well as for the
substitute offered by the Senator from Maine ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) It is not in order, because
there is an amendment to that effect already pend-
ing.
Mr. IVERSON. At what time would it be in
order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. After acting on
the amendment now pending.
Mr. IVERSON. Can I not propose to amend
the substitute of the Senator from Maine by
striking it out and offering a substitute for it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would be
in order.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I propose as a.substi-
tute for that of the Senator from Maine, to strike
out all of his amend men t after the. word "-that,5-'
and insertj ...
From and after the commencement, of. the present fiscal
year, the pay of every captain, commander, and lieutenant
in the Navy shall be that established by the act of 1835"; arrd
that the pay of every commissioned and warrant officer be
increased twenty dollars per month; and thatevery com-
missioned officer be, and he is hereby, entitled to receive
fiom the above date one additional ration for each and
every five years of service in the Navy; and that the com-
mutation price of officers' subsistence be thirty cents per
ration: Provided, That no officer commanding a squadron
shall receive more than $5,000 pep annum ; that no officer
commanding a single ship or performing shore duties shall
receive moie than $4,000 per unburn; and that no officer
on leave, furlough, or waiting orders shall receive more
than $3,000 per annum.
This is a simple proposition, I think, which
everybody can understand. It is to add twenty
dollars a month to the pay of all the officers of
the Navy, and to give them what is called the ser-
vice ration which prevails in the Army. The bill
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
the proposition of the Senator from Maine, to
some extent, seem to me to be of such a compli-
cated character that they are very difficult to un-
derstand. At least I have jfcund them so, and I
doubt very much whether all,the various propo-
sitions which are contained in these bills—the va-
rious gradations of pay and rank and service,
together with the comparison between the pay
which these bills provide and the pay which at
presentpertains in the Navy—can be or have been
very well understood by Senators. I confess, at
any rate, that I have not been altogether able to
comprehend them, and I question very much
whether any one but a Philadelphia lawyer would
be able to understand them,unless a person who
had made the subject his peculiar study as the
Senator from Florida, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, has done. The bills are
complicated, and it seems to me to be exceed-
ingly difficult to understand them. I want to
simplify the whole matter by a proposition which
everybody can understand, and whichl think will
operate fairly and justly on every arm of the ser-
vice.
It has been complained that the pay of officers
of the Navy has been too small, and I admit it.
I think their pay ought to be increased. The
pay established by the act of 1835 is too small for
the present condition of things. The expense of
living has increased since that act was passed,
and I think that many of the officers cannot now
well subsist on the amount of pay which is al-
lowed them by law. It ought to be improved;
but one of the great complaints which the officers
of the Navy have been constantly urging against
their present pay is, that the officers of the Army
have been better provided for in this re&pect than
they have been. They say that you have increased
the pay of the officers of the Army and you have
not increased their pay. You have made them in-
ferior in position to the officers of the Army so far
as pay is concerned. The complaint is that injus-
tice has been done to them in this way. When you
increased the pay of the officers of the Army, you
added twenty dollars a month to the pay of every
person in it. I propose to do the same act of
justice to the officers of the Navy by increasing
the pay of each of them twenty dollars a month,
or §240 a year; and I propose to put them on an
equality with the officers of the Army in another
very important matter, and one which perhaps is
more important to them than the other; and that
is, to give them what is called the service ration;
to provide that for every five years of service they
shall be entitled to an additional ration to be com-
muted at thirty cents a ration. In this way the
object of the Senator from Mississippi can be ac-
complished, and I think there was great reason in
his remark that as an officer advances in years h6 is
entitled to more pay than he is merely on account
of an advance in grade. As an officer advances
in years, hi: responsibilities, cares, and expenses
increase. I meet that by this proposition to give
an increased ration for every five years of scrvice;
so that when an officer gets old and has a large
and expensive family around him, he will have
an increased pay to meet that exigency on his re-
sources. I think there is eminent justice in this;
and it puts officers of the Navy, in both branches
of my proposition, precisely on an equality with
officers of the Army. We have already increased
the pay of the officers in that branch of the public
