1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3293
they would not have to pay a large sum to re-
fund the amount of money expended upon those
sections?
Mr. PUGH. It is not worth while to debate this
question; but we have considered it in the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and if the gentleman
wants to pass the bill, he had better take that out.
He needs unanimous consent; and why should he
insist, against the judgment of the committee in
charge of the question, upon restoring a policy
which, upon full consideration, they have re-
jected?
Mr. RICE. I am willing to submit at all times
to the decision of the Committee on Public Lands
in matters appropriately belonging to that com-
mittee; but the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads have unanimously reported in favor
of this proposition. I wish to say to the Senator
from Ohio that if it is stricken out it will cripple
the service. How does he expect gentlemen to
spend $500,000 in making improvements on these
stations along that line, and then at the end of the
contract to give them up to the Government or to
the other contractors? How does he expect it?
Mr. PUGH. He will not lose his improve-
ments.
Mr. RICE. Who will pay him for them?
Will the Government? The Senator from Ohio
and the Committee on Public Lands bring in a
bill giving to the settlers the land at twenty-five
cents an acre, upon the consideration of their re-
siding upon it five years; but are not willing to
give it to these men at $1 25 per acre, upon the
consideration of their residing upon it and mak-
ing improvements for six years, and expending
ยง500,000. I say to my friend from Ohio, strike
this out and you cripple our service; you make
an invidious distinction, and one that I will not
submit to. If a single objection here will kill it,
I will not submit to it. Let the Senator make his
objection. Let him kill it. Let us lose it. If we
cannot have our lights fdiily and squarely, we
will not have anything, if I can help it.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the words indicated.
Mr. HALE. 1 simply want to say that, in this
overland sen ice, $200,000 a year is all that is
given to the northern service, and ยง1,GOO,000 is
given to these southern routes and steamships.
This amount of $200,000 is all that is asked for
the northern service, and for the new route from
St. Paul across. I hope we shall retain this small
clause in it.
Mr. YULEE. The committee thought it ad-
visable, in relation to this new route, to put them
on the same footing with the others; and now, as
both sides have been heard, I hope the vote will
be taken.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator allow me to
make one suggestion?
Mr. HARLAN. I will occupy the floor but
one moment. There is an error, Mr. President,
in the statement that the Committee on Public
Lands agreed deliberately to repeal this policy.
The final decision of the Senate Committee on
Public Lands was to recommend a refraining of
that bill so as to continue this policy to the con-
tractors on the through routes and to repeal it so
far as it hitherto has been supposed to be appli-
cable to the contractors on the cross routes, but a
committee of conference of the two bodies, the
Senate and House, finally agree to repeal this
policy. 1 make, this statement merely to set the
Committee on Public Lands right. I hope this
amendment will not be carried.
Mr. BRAGG. One word of explanation, as I
am on the committee with the Senator from Iowa.
At one time the committee were of the opinion
which the Senator has stated; but upon further
examination, and conferring with the Department,
the majority of the committee changed their opin-
ions, and came to the conclusion to settle it as"it is.
Mr. POLK. I understand that the Senator
from Minnesota is perfectly willing that this pre-
emption right shall be reduced to one hundred
and sixty acres to the station.
Mr. RICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. POLK. If you will so modify the amend-
ment, I hope it will be adopted without any ob-
jection, for that is only one fourth of what is given
by the laws heretofore existing.
Mr. RICE. I move that modification to the
amendment of the Senator from Florida.
Mr. YULEE. I accept the modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mover of
the amendment to the amendment can modify that
amendment. *
Mr. BRIGHT. Time is very valuable, and I
know there is no time to discuss this question.
I understand the Senator from Minnesota pro-
poses a compromise. He has claimed in this bill
for this northern service all that has been hereto-
fore granted to the southern service of a similar
character; but instead of insisting on six hundred
and forty acrcs, I understand he is willing to take
one hundred and sixty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am not willing to
agree to it.
Mr. BRIGHT. You cannot get men to go into
the wilderness and undertake as embarrassing and
expensive a service as this without something like
a bonus. There is a limitation fixed m this bill.
It cannot exceed over and above such an amount,
much less, in my judgment, than the service can
be performed for. I hope the Senator from Ohio
will allow the amendments proposed to be ac-
cepted. We can pass the bill if he will. If he
will not, the bill must fail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out of the proposed amendment the
words that have been read on motion of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida proposes to modify his amendment
by striking out the words " same as heretofore
allowed upon other through routes," and insert
"one hundred and sixty acres;" so that it will
read:
With the pieemption rightof one hundred and sixty acrcs
of land.
Mr. RICE. Let it read "with the usual pre-
emption rip lit, not to exceed one quarter section
to each station."
Mr.PUGH
from Minnesota a further modification.
Mr. RICE. At the suggestion of the Senator
from North Carolina, I will add, "and the sta-
tions not to exceed one for every twenty miles."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the mover
so modify his amendment?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida will come to the Secretary's desk
and sec that the modification is made in accord-
ance with his views.
Mr. YULEE. At the instance of the Senator
from Ohio, 1 have accepted another modification
that satisfies him, to wit: that it shall be to the
first term only, which was the intention of the
committee.
The%PRESIDING OFFICER. When these
modifications are entered, the amendment will be
read as modified, so that the Senate may under-
stand what it is.
Mr. YULEE. I hope the question will now be
taken. The amendments are being written out,
and they are understood by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. - The Chair
will put the question as soon as the modifications
are made, and the bill wherein modified will be
read; and also that portion of the amendment
which has been modified by the^mover.
The Secretary read the amendment, as mod-
ified, to strike out the words " with the same pre-
emption right as heretofore allowed upon other
through routes," and to insert:
The usual preemption right, not to e\ceed one quarter
section allowed for each station: Provided, That tins grant
of pieemption shall not <'\tmd beyond six years fiom tiio
pa^ase ot thiv act; and said preemption shall not exceed
one quaiter section An each twenty miles of fcaid loute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to tins amendment?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Before the vote is finally
taken, I merely wish to inquire if the last part of
the amendment offered by the chairman of the
committee is withdrawn r
Mr. YULEE. It is withdrawn. There seem-
ing to be much objection to it, I withdrew it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. 1 hope the bill will now be put
on its passage.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have an amendment to
offer, to insert as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the power devolved on,
and the duty required to be performed by, the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury, to assess the damages due the par-
ties under the sixth section of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857," be, and
the same aie hereby, transferred to and vested in,and shall
hereafter be performed by, the Register of the Treasury and
the Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. YULEE. This is a private claim, and I
hope it will not be moved upon thisbill.
Mr. PUGH. If it is put on this bill, the bill
cannot pass.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amGhded,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
LA.ND GRANTS IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to whom was referred the
bill (H, R. No. 812) to amend an act entitled "An
act granting public lands in alternate sections to
the State of Mississippi, to aid in the construction
of railroads in said State, and for other purposes,"
approved August 11, 1856, have directed me to
report it back without amendment, with a recom-
mendation that it pass; and I ask the consent of
the Senate to put it upon its passage at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires the
unanimous conscnt of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. If it gives rise to debate, of
course it will go-over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read f<>r information.
Mr. BROWN. If Senators will allow me, I
can explain in a single word what it means. There
was a grant of land made to the State of Missis-
sippi for this road. It is not proposed to increase
the amount at all, but to change the northern
terminus of the road; and the reason why we
want it passed now is this: the company is going
on to locate the road, and they want the consent
of Congress to terminate the road at Canton, in-
stead of Brandon.
Mr. PUGH. Is it not a new grant?
Mr. BROWN. It is no grant at all.
Mr. PUGH. Then I do not object to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. KING. Let the
bill be read.
The Secretary read it. It proposes to amend so
much of the act mentioned in the title as makes
a grant of land to the State of Mississippi, to aid
in the construction of a railroad l( from Brandon
to the Gulf of Mexico, "as to read, from Canton
to the Gulf of Mexico; and the rights, privileges,
and immunities, growing out of the grant of land
under the act of August 11, 1856, are to remain
in all other respects as heretofore.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to a third reading, and read the
third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Presiden t, I addressed
the Chair before the bill passed to a third reading,
but 3 do not know that it makes any difference.
What I want to know with reference toit is this:
I do not understand what the provisions of the
original act were. Does it grant the land along
the line of the road, designating the boundaries,
starting from one point and going to another?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir; from Brandon to the.
Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How can we know, from
anything in the bill, how the public lands may
be affcctcd by this change of the terminus? It is
one thing to grant land*; along the route of a road
from one point to another, and a very different
thing to grant lands to a road starting from a dif-
ferent point. It may be longer, and it may run
over other lands, and may involve other ques-
tions.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will allow me,
there is a letter from the Secretary of the 1 nterior,
and another from the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, stating that it would increase the
amount of land nothing, or very little. Besides,
1 know every inch of this country as well as I do
the road to my hotel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator says it
does not affect the public lands injuriously, "very
well.
Mr. BROWN. The land which it would have
