3294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
obtained by the original bill was a grant south
even of Brandon, and I do not think the company
will get one acre more if this bill passes.
The bill was passed.
SALARIES OF CONSULS.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No- 765) to amend an act entitled " An act
to regulate the diplomatic and consular systems of
the United States,"approved August 18,1856, to
report it back without amendment, and to ask that
it be put on its passage. It directs that the salary
of the consul at Swatou shall be increased to
$4,000; Bremen, $3,000; Assumption, $1,500;
Malta,p,500;Barcelona.$l,500;F!orence,$1,500;
Gibraltar, $1,000; and Hanover, ยง1,000. There
was a report, which was made in the House of
Representatives, which we approve of; and 1 ask
that the bill be put upon its passage, unless there
is some objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia asks for the present consideration
of the bill which he has just reported. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. KING. I object.
Mr. KING subsequently said: I objected, a
little while ago, to a bill reported by the Senator
from Georgia, in relation to the salaries of certain
consuls. It has been so explained to me that I
now desire to waive that objection.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then, if there is no objection,
I move to take up that bill. I care nothing about
it; but it lias parsed the House of Representa-
tives, and has been investigated by the Depart-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York withdraws the objection he pre-
viously made to the bill reported by the Senator
from Georgia, and that bill is now before the
Senate, and will be read.
Mr. SLIDELL. I object to the consideration
of the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is sufficient.
Mr. SLIDELL said subsequently; I objected,
a few moments since, to the consideration of a
bill amendatory of the consular and diplomatic
bill of 185G, allowing salaries to certain consular
officers; I withdraw the objection, having had the
matter explained to me, and I wish to move to
take it up, if the Senate will consent to do so.
Mr. PUGH. What is the bill?
Mr. SLIDELL. It is the bill raising the sal-
aries of half a dozen consuls.
Mr. PUGH. I will object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Louisiana withdraws lu:; objection to the
bill (II. R. No. 765) to amend an act entitled
" An act to regulate the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States," approved August
18, 1856.
Mr. PUGH. I object to that bill. It has been
twice laid over upon objection, and I now renew
the objection.
Mr.' JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Does one ob-
jection prevent its being considered?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
K. 11. PORTER AND OTHERS.
Mr. B1GLER. I ask the Senate to take up
bill of the House of Representatives No. 849, for
the purpose of referring it to the Court of Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
,is upon the motion to take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will now be on referring the bill to the Court of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER said subsequently: I called up
House bill No. 849, a few moments since, for the
purpose, as I supposed, of referring that particu-
lar claim to the Court of Claims; but it seems the
bill itself refers a number of cases to the Courtof
Claims, and therefore it is necessary to pass the
bill. I move that the Senate resume the consid-
eration of that bill for the purpose of passing it.
The PRESIDING. The first question will be
on reconsidering the vote by which it was referred
~ to the Cuuit of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the motion to refer it to the Court
of Claims.
Mr. BIGLER. I withdraw that motion, and j
I desire to state that the bill itself refers a inuii- |
ber of cases to the Court of Claims, and therefore j
it is necessary to pass it. 3 |
Mr. PUGH. I object to this legislation. We j
cannot understand it.
The PRRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
now before the Senate, and will be read.
Mr. BIGLER. It merely refers certain claims
to the Court of Claims.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. Let it be read,
so that it will be understood.
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
the Courtof Claims shall have jurisdiction to hear
and determine the seveial claims of James & R. H.
Porter against the United States, of J. C. Irvino
& Co. against the United States, and of Charles
Perry & Co. against the United States, for prop-
erty belonging to those persons and firms respect-
ively, which they allege was depreciated, lost,
destroyed, or abandoned, m consequence of the
interference of the military authority of Colonel
A. S.Johnston with them while in the regular pur-
suit of a legitimate trade or business; also for
extra wages, expenses, and losses which they.aver
that they respectively hicuired by reason of that
interference; and the judgment of the courtis to
be final between the parties; but for error of law,
either party may, within three months after the
rendition of such judgment, sue out a writ of error
from the Supreme Courtof the United States; and
if that court, upon the hearing of such writ of error,
shall not reverse the judgment of the court below,
the same shall stand as a final judgment between
the parties; and the Secretary of the Treasury is
to estimate for the amount of the judgment, if
against the United States, as for a sum provided
for by law; but nothing in this act js to be con-
strued as admitting any liability on the part of
the United States, to either of the parties. If, on
the hearing of the causes, or either of thern, the
court shall be of opinion that Colonel Johnston
acted in good faith m issuing his order of the 19th
of October, 1857, and in his subsequent acts in
relation to the property of the parties, and that
his acts in the premises were ill contravention of
the legal rights of the parties, or either of them,
the United States is to be held responsible for the
damages lesultingto the parties, or cither of them,
from such interference with their legal rights,
without reference to the question whether the
officer may have exceeded his authority or not.
Mr. PUGII. That bill has not been sent to
any standing committee. I object to its consid-
eration. I object to taking up matters of this im-
portance at tiiis tune.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
read twice, and referred to the Court of Claims,
and that motion has been reconsidered, and the
bill is now before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and open to amendment. Does the
Senator from Ohio make any motion in reference
to it?
Mr. PUGII. I make this suggestion. Here is
a bill enlaiging the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims to a class of eases that arc not now within
it, making the decision final, giving these cases a
preference over every other question brought to
the court, and it is brought here and read three
times on the last day of the session without in-
vestigation by any committee. I do not know
the magnitude of the claim, or anything about it.
I am constrained by a sense of public duty to
object to this soit of legislation; and if the bill has
not been read twice, I object to its further reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
( inform the Senator that the bill has been read
I twice before this day, and is now properly before
i the Senate.
j Mr. PUGH. The rule lequires it to go to a
j committee of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I want to raise this question: that
as it comes from the Court of Claims to-day. it
does not stand on the same footing as a bill re-
ported to-day.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. It was referred
to the CourtofClaims; but before it had been sent
to the Court of Claims that motion was reconsid-
ered, and it is now regularly before the Senate as
: in Committee of the Whole, on the motion of the
' Senator from Pennsylvania, and is open toamend-
i ment,
| Mr. POLK. I think, as I read the bill, that
! the Senator from Ohio is mistaken in saying that
the decision of the Court of Claims is final. I
think it provides for an appeal by either party to
the Supreme Court.
Mr. HALE. There is one feature in this bill
that ought to bring- the condemnation of every
Senator upon it; and that is, beforehand, it gives
out that the United States will stand responsible
for any judgment that may be rendered against
the defendant, and thus invites that consideration,
and proclaims at once, as a sort of premium, that
the United States/will pay any judgment that may
be rendered: thus, in fact, making the United
States a defendant in the suit. 1 hope, for that
reason, it will not pass. It will be time enough
after Colonel Johnson is mulcted in damages by
a judgment of the court, and then comes here and
shows it, for the United States to interfere and
pay the judgment; but it is a bad policy, and an
evil example, to hold out beforehand that the Uni-
ted States wiil be responsible before any judgment
is acquired.
Mr. BIGLER. I merely desire to say, in jus-
tice to myself, that I called up this bill with the
understanding that it was simply to lefer ltto the
Courtof Claims, but discovered afterwards that
the bill itself referred several cases on certain con-
ditions; therefore I was mistaken in the character
of the bill. I know nothing about its merits. I
supposed that there would be no objection what-
ever to referring any class of cases to the Court
of Claims. I presume there would not be if there
were no special conditions in this bill. As a
single Senator can prevent its final passage, there
is no use for further delay with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwill
state the position of the question. The bill is
before the Senate, and is subject to the action of
the majority of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayks, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions; which there-
upon received the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 337) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Smith, of Coffee county, Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 557) to establish two Indian
agencies in Nebraska Territory, and one in the
Territory of New Mexico; *
A bill (H. It. No. 818) for the relief of William
A. Linn's estate;
A joint resolution (S. No. 31) explanatory of
the 8th section of tlje act of Congress approved
February 28, 1859; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 41) to reduce the
price of ti n public priming.
INDIAN AGENTS.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I move that the bill (H.
R. No. 181) to provide for a superintendent of
Indian affairs for Washington Territory, and ad-
ditional Indian agents, be now taken up.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I beliei e it is necessary,
in the fiist place, to move u rcconsidei aiion of the
amendment adopted by tin: Senate. This bill was
recalled from the other House for that purpose.
I move to reconsider the amendment which was
adopted by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the bill be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 181) to piovide tor a superintendent ot
!' Indian affairs for Washington Territory,and ad-
| ditional Indian agents, is now before the Senate.
Itwas passed by the Senate on the 19th of Maich,
with an amend ment, and returned f i om Uie House
of Representatives oil the tequest of the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That request was for the
purpose of enabbng the Senate to reconsider this
amendment. I move to reconsider this amend-
ment; and I shall offer one in place of it which
lias been agieed to as a compromise by myself
and gentlemen on the other side.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas moves to reconsider the vote
adopting the amendment.
Mr. ICING. J should like to know what the
bill is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to know whether
it is taken up ?
