1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
service twenty dollars a month, and they have,
according to law, a ration for every five years of
service, which is commuted at thirty cents.
Mr, HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Geor-
gia if he means to give twenty dollars a month
additional to the young midshipmen of the Navy ?
Mr. IVERSOiNr. No, sir; they are not com-
missioned or warrant officers of the Navy, as I
understand. They have no warrant or commis-
sion until they pass out of the naval school and
go into active service, i propose to put officers
of the Navy and officers of the Army precisely
on an equality. I have made a little calculation
to sec what would bo the operation of this pro-
vision upon some of the terms of service. An
officer of the Navy who has been forty years in
the service would reccivc eight additional rations,
which, at thirty cents, would be two dollars and
forty cents a day, and would make, for a year,
$876 additional compensation. That, added to
the twenty dollars a month, or$240a year,would
make the total increased compensation for an officer
who had been forty years in the service, $1,116.
According.to that, if there were no limit to the
proposition, if he was in command of a squadron,
he would, his present pay being; $4,000, icceive,
with this, ddition, a compensation of $5,116 per
annum. .An officer who has been thirty years in
service will receive three extra rations, which
will be worth, for the whole year, $.057, and, added
to the monthly increase of twenty dollars, would
make his increased pay $879 a year; which, added
to his present pay, if he commanded a ship, would
give him $4,116 a year. It goes on in the same
proportion, through the lower grades, according
to the term of.sci vice.
The objection might be urged that, without any
limit to this proposition, the pay of those officers,
some of them who have been in service for fifty
years or more, would be much larger than what
is proposed by any of the provisions of the bills
now before us. 1 tlieiefore propose to limit that
by the provisos I have attached, which provide
that no officer in command of a squadron shall
receive more than $5,000 a year, which 1 behove
is about the limit proposed both by the Senator
from Florida and the Senator fiom Maine, and
that no officer in command of a single ship, or
upon duty on shore,shall have more than $4,000
a year, which 1 think is about the amount al-
lowed by the other bills to captains ^-ho com-
mand single ships at sen. 1 nlso provide tljat
those who arc on shore waiting oiders, or on leave
or furlough, as the case may be, shall never re-
ceive more than £3,000. That is in accordance
with the pioposiuon of the Senator from Louisi-
ana, which h^s just been adopted l>\- the Senate.
I guard all these varume points by the provisos
which I have inserted, and [ put the officers on
an equality. An old officer who has been fifty
or sixty years in the service, without these re-
strictions, if he was waiting orders or on furlough,
drawing the service ration and the $240 a year
additional pay, would receivc perhaps $5,000 or
$6,000 a year when ho was on shore doing noth-
ing. I guard against that by the provisos. These
provisos do not roach the case of the senior com-
manding officer of the Navy. I allude to Com-
modore Stewart, or any other officer who may
hereafter be in command of the Navy. He will
receive, under the operation of my substitute, if it
be passed, his present pay, with $240 a year in-
crease and one service-ration for each live years
of the whole time he may have been in the ser-
vice. If he lias been forty years in the service,
his pay will be $5,JIG. If he has been sixty
reais in service, his pay will be largerthan that.
do not propose to limit the pay so far as the se-
nior officer of the Navy 19 concerned. Let him
take whatever amount his age and services may
entitle him to draw.
This seems to me, Mr. President, to be a sim-
ple proposition, which will operate justly on all
grades; and it will accomplish one other result.
The complaint is that the subordinate officers of
the Navy, the lieutenants, are not as well paid in
proportion as those of the higher grades. While
I propose to give to the higher officers an inciease
of $940 a year, I propose to give the same amount
of increased pay to the lieutenants and all the in-
ferior grades of commissioned and warrant of-
ficers. When you add $240 to thy present pay of
a lieutenant anu the same sum to the present pay
of a captain, you perceive that you raise the pro-
portionate amount of the lieutenantmore than you
do that of the captain, and therefore you do in
this way provide a larger proportionate compen-
sation to the lieutenant than he now gets accord-
ing to the present system.
The Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] asks
mc how the pay under the provisions of my sub-
stitute will compare with the pay of the same
grades in the bill under consideration ? I answer,
that there will be very little difference, I think, be-
cause my limitation precludes the pay from going
much beyond the amount contemplated by the
bill now pending. I only ask that the yeas and
nays shall be taken.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. As to the order in which
the questions arc taken, I undeistand that the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Maine
had been perfected in form, and the vote was about
to be taken between that and the original bill.
Now I understand the honorable Senator from
Georgia to move to strike out all of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine and substitute
his proposition for the original bill, it seems to
me, if it be strictly in order, it is not arriving at
the result in the natural order. We should first
take the sense of the Senate between the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine as perfected and
the original bill, and if that amendment is voted
down then try the other.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, this is
an amendment to an amendment. It is the
usual order in which we vote. We vote on the
proposition of the Senator from Georgia as an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine. If that is voted down, then the vote
conies up on the proposition of the Senator from
Maine, and last on the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You cannot substitute
one substitute for another.
Mr. iJUEVTER. A substitute is nothing but
an amendment. There is no such thing as a sub-
stitute known to parliamentary law. It is an
amendment, only it is a larger amendment than
if it proposed to strike out a particular section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand from those
more experienced that it is not in order.
Mr. IVERSON. I offered this amendment or
substitute in the present stage of the proceedings
because I was informed by Senators around me
that if I waited until the bill got into the Senate,
without oifci ing this amendment, 1 could not then
propose it. I am not familiar with the rules of
the Senate, and am, therefore, guided by other
gentlemen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rk'k ) The Chair will state to the Senate that it
is strictly in older for the Senator from Georgia
to move his amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from Maine; and if it prevails, it takes
the place of the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, and then the question before the Senate
will be as between that and the original bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the rule as
stated by the Chair; but I was not aware of the
fact that a substitute was strictly an amendment.
It is now proposed to substitute the entire amend-
nicnd of the Senator from Maine by a new amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire of the Senator
from Georgia if ho has examined into the effect
of his proposition upon the warrant officers? I
understand that we have carpenters now in the
service who are receiving $1,242 a year. He pro-
poses to increase their pay $240, making it $1,482,
as much as you pay your lieutenants who have
been in the service, some of them twenty-five
years.
Mr. IVERSON. I really am not very familiar
with the .various grades of the Navy, and I sup-
posed that warrant officers were confined to those
who had commissions; for instance, captains and
lieutenants and midshipmen and passed midship-
men and masters. I did not suppose that warrant
officers included various subordinate stations,
such as carpenters and others; but I am willing
to take them out and provide that they shall be
excluded from the operation of this. I do not
know that their pay ought to be greater than it is.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust that this amendment
has no chance of passing here. I do not see what
benefit we can derive from passing it over cither
of the bills. Of course I prefer that from the com-
mittee, bccause I think it attains the end Congress
will have in view in increasing the pay. I do
not know, nor can any man state, what pay this
amendment of the Senator from Georgia gives.
As to these service rations, I am opposed entirely
to paying officers by stipends in this way, by ra-
tions or by any percentage, so that the Register
does not show at a glance the precise pay each
officer receives. That, is the fault I have always
found with other tables, that they do not show the
pay. I have instituted no comparison with the
Arm£, and I wish to institute none. The Army
receives net a cent of pay too much. I will, there-
fore, forbear saying anything on that subject in
reply to the Senator from Georgia; but I will say*
here, that the warrant officers now receive, as
stated by the Senator from Iowa, some of them,
$1,240. They arc boatswains, carpenters, gun-
ners, and sail-makers. This is an increase that the
Senator did notcontemplate, I know. His amend-
ment will affect various other points that he does
not sec now. If the sums, as he says, approxi-
mate to those in the bill of the committee, then I
do not sec any object to be gained. I think it will
complicate matters very much.
So far as the Senator's remarks go that this
bill is difficult to understand, I will say that noth-
ing can be moro p< rspicuous. It provides that
every officer doing such a duty shall receive so
much money. It follows out the pay table that
has been in force since 1835. Nothing can be
more plain. There is no complication about it.
The bill shows the precise pay which the officer
will receive—and he can receive i\o more—in dol-
lars and cents. Every grade is mentioned, and
there is no ambiguity, no possibility, I think, of
misunderstanding. But it would take a good deal
of calculation to ascertain what any officer would
get under this amendment. I think the Senator's
object is the same as mine—to give the officers a
fair rate of compensation; and I think he will at-
tain it host by the committee's bill.
Mr. I VERSON. I propose to strike out the
word " warrant" in my amendment, and confine
the increase to the commissioned officers, so as
to obviate the difficulty the Senator from Iowa
has suggested. Now, the Senator from Florida
says that it will be difficult to ascertain what will
be the pay of an officer under the operation of
this provision. I do not think there is the least
difficulty on earth. The act of 1835 establishes
the pay of each one of these grades. If a man
has served five years in the service, is the Senator
unable to understand that he has served five years ?
A child can understand that. The Navy Register
will show you the date of his appointment, and
the expiration of the live years will show that.
Nobody can misunderstand that. Then, when
he lias served five years, he will get an additional
ration of thirty cents a day. Cannot the account-
ing officers ascertain very easily how much pay
he will getJ If he has served ten years he will
get two additional rations, at thirty cents a day.
There is not a page in the Senate who cannot tell
you in five minutes, or in less time, how much
he will get. The Senator professes that he will
not be able to ascertain the pay these officers
would get under my amendment. Surely the
Senator cannot be in earnest. Any man, no mat-
ter how little sense he may have, can tell you in
a moment how large will be the pay. I think
that objection of the Senator from Florida has no
weight whatever.
Then, what 1 say about these bills is compara-
tive. I know anybody can understand what is
meant when it is said that a captain commanding
a squadron shall receive $5,000; but here are vari-
ous grades, from captain down to midshipman,
and you are increasing their pay, and who can
understand what is the relative increase fiom the
present pay of all these various officers? Here
are comparisons made. Some say a lieutenant
ought to have more pay in proportion than a cap-
tain ; some say a captain ought to have more than
a lieutenant; and here are comparisons between
the vaiious grades of officers, and the time of ser-
vice in the Navy. You are regulating this by a
general provision. I say it shows some confu-
sion; at least, it seems so tome. It may be worked
out by the officers of the Treasury, I suppose,
and the Senator from Florida may be able to work
it out very well; but I confess that, at the first
blush, I do not exactly understand the operation
and effect of the provisions of this bill.
Mr. MALLORY. In addition to what I have
observed, I will say that Congress has never in-
