1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
terfered to fix the price of the service ration in the
Navy; but it has done so in the Army. In the
Navy it is left to the President of the United
States. He changes the service ration according
to the actual value of the ration. It stands now
at twenty-five cents. I should be very sorry to
see any interference with it. He also fixes the
rates of wages to seamen, according to those paid
at the mercantile ports. I should regret to see
any change there. So far as any complication
goes, I say the bill provides_ for every officer's
pay opposite his grade, and, in opening the pay
table, it is impossible to mistake it. I say the
amendment requires a computation or estimate,
and I think we ought to obviate that as much as
possible. We ought not to be required to make
a computation; but when we open the Register
wo should have the pay distinctly set before us.
I do not know anything that the amendment is
aimed at which is not better attained by the bill,
and it aims at some things which I think we had
better let alone.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from Georgia, in sus-
taining his amendment, thought proper to refer
to the Army pay; and he has shown us very
clearly that he does not know anything about it.
He does not understand the difference between
pay and allowances; he does not understand the
difference between emoluments and things which
are not such; and hence he arrives at his conclu-
sion. There cannot bo a worse method of in-
creasing the pay of a body of officers than giving
the same sum to every one of them. I do not
think a worse method could have been adopted of
increasing the pay of the Army when it was done,
than by giving twenty dollars to every commis-
sioned officer. The wants of officers, the ex-
penses of officers, the just claims of officers,
vary with their service and their rank. That
error, I think, is now to be found in the present
arrangement of the Army; for, though a lieuten-
ant does not get by some five hundred dollars as
much as has been repeatedly stated here—I will
correct that now once for all—I believe he gets
too much when he first enters the service. A
very low pay, compelling him to the most rigid
. cconomy, would improve the efficiency and future
independence of the officer of the Army, as I doubt
not it will in the Navy.
I think the Senator from Iowa very well asked
whether this proposition did not include midship-
men. Are they neither warrant nor commis-
sioned officers when they are at the Academy?
If not, then how do they get there ? What is a
commission ? It is not a necessity that a com-
mission should be confirmed by the Senate. It
is a letter of authority, granted by the President,
or one of the heads of the Departments acting for
the President. I think you will find in strictness
that these midshipmen are commissioned officers.
I have the same opinion in relation to cadets. I
think the question of the Senator from Iowa was
well put.
Again, as to the matter of an increase in the
ration: it was a method adopted, and by a large
portion of the Army never approved. They de-
cidedly preferred that a sum of money should be
given for each term of service. There is a bill
now pending before the Senate, introduced from
the Committee on Military Affairs, which rec-
ommends that we shall change the system, and,
instead of giving a ration every five years, give
the value of a ration for every five years. But
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
while he has properly, as I think, and certainly-
very politely, avoided making a comparison with
the Army, still refers to the fact that by a refer-
ence to the Navy Register you can see exactly
how much the officer gets. I ask him, are there
no allowances that do not appear in the Register ?
Mr. MALLORY. I know of none.
Mr. DAVIS. Do rations at sea appear in the
Register ? Is that commuted and charged to the
pay of the officer?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not call the ration the
officer receives at sea an allowance. His pork and
beans and bread do not appear.
Mr. DAVIS. Do the lights appear?
Mr. MALLORY. The lights are for the use
of the ship. The officer gets none that I know of.
Mr. DAVIS. No boys to wait on the officer?
Does that appear?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly not. They are
mustered among the crew.
Mr. DAVIS. Does the furniture the officers
occupy at navy-yards appear?
Mr. MALLORY. They are not allowed any.
They furnish their own quarters.
Mr. DAVIS. Have they none in their quar-
ters ?
Mr. MALLORY. It was abolished some years
ago. I think improperly; and I think it ought to
be restored.
Mr. DAVIS. I agree it ought to be restored.
It ought to bo granted to the Army, too, but it
never was; and all these allowances are charged
in the return as the officer's pay, and announced
here from year to year as so much received by the
officer. He moves about from post to post; is com-
pelled to sacrifice his furniture at one place, be-
cause it is the Government's interest to send him
to another. There are frequently no quarters
furnished him. Then we have an annual report,
showing how much he got for commutation of
quarters; ho w much he go t for forage forllis horses,
when it is well known that the allowance for for-
age does no't half cover the expense, if he keeps
them in any of the principal cities of the United
States. It does not cover a third of the expense,
if he keeps them in this city, if you include the
equipments of the animal. These, which are taxes
on the officer, sums which he can get only by en-
countering expenses, are to be added to the Army
pay, and constantly paraded to show how much
they get. On a proper occasion, I think I shall j
endeavor to show that the pay of the Army is low,
falling far below what is constantly stated.
Mr. MALLORY. I think so too.
Mr. DAVIS. With the admission of the Sen-
ator, then, I will stop.
Mr. MALLORY. I was not aware that the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
was addressing his remarks to me, for I have not
drawn any comparison between the pay of the
Army and the Navy. I have abstained from using
the word " Army." I have not alluded to it in the
remotest possible degree.
Mr. DaVIS. I believe I did you that justice,
sir.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Mississippi
was rather caustic m his remarks, when he said
I did not understand the pay of an officer, or
know anything about it. The remark was cer-
tainly gratuitous in my opinion, and very ill be-
comes the Senator or the place that he occupies.
Sir, I think I understand what the pay of an offi-
cer is, and 1 understand what his commutations
for his rations are. The law gives him so much
pay per month, afid then gives him rations, and
gives him horses, gives him servants, and gives
him rations for those servants.
Mr. DAVIS. How do you make out his pay ?
Mr. IVERSON. By adding to what he gets
thirty cents for his rations commuted, and his
allowance for traveling expenses. Anybody can
understand that. I do not think it requiresany great
amount of brains to comprehend it. I certainly
admit that I have not quite as much sense or as
much brains as the Senator from Mississippi;
but 1 think I can understand that much at least.
I can understand that when you add twenty dol-
lars a month to an officer's pay, he gets $,240 a
year in addition to what he formerly received;
and if you give him three or four rations a day,
and say he shall draw thirty cents for the ration,
I can understand how much pay he gets m that
'way. I do not think it is difficult to understand
that.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator vaunts of himself
as being able to understand. I want to know
how much an officer gets who has three horses?
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know; but on look-
ing at the law you can ascertain. Anybody can
understand that by looking at the law.
Mr. DAVIS. It is eight dollars for the forage
of a horse. How much does he get for keeping
three horses a month ?
Mr. IVERSON. Twenty-four dollars a month,
of course.
Mr. DAVIS. Thatis exactly one of the things
which I see the Senator does not understand,
when he adds it to the officer's pay, because lie
keeps the horses, and takes the money, and it
does not pay the actual cost of keeping them.
Mr. IVERSON. I know that, because there
is a prevision in the law which restricts him. If
he keeps the horse, he is entitled to eight dollars
a menth for the horse's forage, or he can feed the
horse out of the rations. The commutation of
forage is eight dollars a month. Thatis the law.
I understand that as well as the Senator from
Mississippi. But the object in introducing this
proposition was to put the officers of the Navy
and Army on the same footing precisely. Com-
plaint has been made fey offi&rs of the Navy, that
you have taken better care of officers of the Army
than of them; and, I think, with justice. You have
increased the pay of all grades of officers -of - the
Army twenty dollars; you have increased "the
commutation price of the ration from twenty to
thirty cents. Now I want to put'officers of the
Navy on the same footing; give them the $240 a
year in addition to their present pay, provided it
does not go beyond a'certain amount in certain
grades, and also give them the additional service ra-
tion for each additional five years'service, at thirty
cents a ration. That is precisely the law in rela-
tion to officers of the Army; and I propose to put
the naval officers on precisely the same footing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia to the amendment of the Senatorfrom Maine.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.  
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. Now I have some amendments
i to offer to the amendment of the Senator from
1 Maine. I propose, after line ninety-eight, to in-
, scrt:
I Provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed to
<1.mulish iliu leg.U pay of any purser now on sea or shore
■ fl.ity, duiing Ins piesent term upon such duty.
j I understand that there are a fewcasesin which,
if the proposed pay be adopted, there will be a
reduction. This is to prevent a reduction whilst
they are on their present duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. T' '
That is right.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to;
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to modify the sub-
stitute which I proposed, to make it conform to
the amendment which was made to the other bill
j in relation to the pay of commanders, on the mo-
tion of the Senator from New Jersey. In line
twenty-three, page 2, strike out " eighteen hun-
i dred," and insert" twenty-two hundredand fifty
' and also in line twenty-seven I strike out " two
I thousand," and insert " twenty-two hundred and
fifty."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment to the
.■ynendment of the Senator from Maine, to insert
after line forty-nine:
That those retired or dropped officers of the Navy whose
promotion to a higher rank was involved in thoir restora-
tion to their onginnl positions on the active list with that
rank also dared back, shall receive the difference between
the pay of said tank liom the back date thereof to the date of
the confnmation of the same by the Senate of the United
States, and the pay of a former rank which they have act-
ually received lor that inteival: Provided, Tho amount
individually does not exceed that which any officer of like
grade now below them respectively in rank on the active
list has leeeivcd.
I understand the fact to be that some of the
officers who were restored were restored with
higher rank,their promotion having been delayed;
and the consequence was that it gave them the
pay of the grade which they were holding when
they were retired, instead of that to which they
were entitled.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope that amendment will
be withdrawn, or at all events willnot be passed.
The Committee on Naval Affairs have that sub-
ject under consideration now.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not understand the matter
to he before the committee. I do not wish to in-
terfere with it. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine
as amended to the original bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas a d
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to offer this amend-
ment, to come in after line fifty of the amendment:
Every chaplain Khnilbe permitted to conduct public wor-
ship aeeoiding to the manner and forms of the church of
which he may be a member.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the Senator
from Iowa that 1 do not think there is the slight-
est necessity for that. A regulation has been re-
