1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2351
fugitive slave law to be constitutional, and my belief
is based upon repeated decisions and adjudications
of the courts of the highest character in the Union.
Notwithstandingmyprivate opinion with respect
to slavery, I am in favor of standing by the Con-
stitution and the laws; and 1 will abide by the
compromises of the Constitution as I understand
them, let the consequences to me be what they
may, either politically or otherwise.
I shall vote for this resolution, and I trust, as
I do not trouble the Senate often with my remarks,
that they will bear with me whilst I say that I
consider the fifth resolution, for which I gave my
vote,as a separate and distinct proposition, enun-
ciating a sound principle, which no man can gain-
say who has the welfare of his country at heart;
that I will abide by and uphold the constitutional
right of the people of this country in the Territo-
ries of the Union; but that I do not regard the
introduction of slavery into the Territories as a
constitutional right.
I have but one other word to say. X should
have voted with pleasure for the first resolution,
had it not contained what I consider to be ah error
in stating a historical fact; the declaration being
that the Constitution was a compact or league
entered into by sovereign States, instead of a fun-
damental constitution of government, ordained and
established by the people of the United States.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, the remarks which
the Senator has made, and for which I respect
very much his judgment, impose on me the ne-
cessity of saying a single word. I believe that
the provision of the Constitution for the rendition
of fugitives from service or labor should be fairly
and honestly carried out. Iam not so advised as
to history as to say that the Federal Constitution
could not have been formed without it. I think
it would have been. Nor, sir, am I prepared to
say that the similarity between the laws of 1793
and ]850 is so great as to warrant the assertion
that they have had the benefit of the construction
of the highest judicial authority for seventy years.
I believe there are principles m the fugitive slave
biH of 1850 which never should receive the sanc-
tion of anv friend of constitutional government
and law. 1 believe that there are provisions in it
which are intended to paralyze, and do paralyze,
thatgreat writ of freedom, the kabe as corpus, which
render the State judiciary powerless before the
commissioners acting under it.
There is another feature in that bill, which, to
me, is utterly odious, and that is that which pays
by the job the commissioners that sit under it,
giving them a higher fee in case they condcmn a
man to slavery than what they get when they lib-
erate him. That is a feature which I never will
sanction anywhere, that a judge shall be directly
interested in the nature and character of the de-
cision he is going to pronounce, I do not care if
it is only a farthing. When an act undertakes to
put a premium upon the judgment rendered one
way, which the man does not get if he renders the
judgment the other way, it is enough to condemn
the measure, in my judgment.
Therefore,sir, while I avow here—Idonotcare
how it affocts me personally or politically—that I
am ready to carry out this provision of the Con-
stitution—and I think the South have a right to
demand a fair and honest execution of it—I ut-
terly deny that the law of 1850 is such a one. It
is unnecessarily harsh and severe m some of its
characteristics, and I think was intended to be so;
and the harsh and unnecessarily severe features
of that law have done more than anything else to
exasperate aud embitter sectional feelings in this
country; and the reading of the law would be such
as to convey to any unprejudiced mind the idea
that it did not seek mainly and principally the
honest enforcement and carrying out of the pro-
vision of the Constitution.
For these and abundantly more reasons that I
could give—I could stand here by the hour and
give reasons all sufficient and potent for any man
to vote against this resolution; but, having said
this much, which is enough to justify me m the
mind of any candid man, whose mind is not
warped by prejudice—I shall vote against the res-
olution.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I wish to say one word. I
do not mean to be understood as indorsing every
provision or article in the fugitive slave law, either
of 1793 or of 1850; btft I insist that a fugitive
slave law is constitutional, so framed and arranged
as to carry out the provisions of the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. MASON. I understood the -Senator from
New Hampshire to say just now that he consid-
ered that the provisions of the law for the recla-
mation of fugitive slaves were harsh, and that
they were intended to be so. I had some part in
the preparation of that law, as probably the Sen-
ator will recollect, and I desire to know if I cor-
rectly understood him. He said there were some
provisions in that law which were .harsh, and were
intended to be harsh.
Mr. HALE. I did say so.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator indicate the
provisions?
Mr. HALE. I have not the law before me now,
and I do not remember all the particulars of it.
If my memory serves me aright, (and I was here
when the law was passed,) it is very different from
the bill the Senator introduced—better in some
respects, not so good in others. But I tell you
now, on a moment's reflection,! think of one of the
provisions of that law which,in my opinion, is
exceedingly harsh. I allude to that provision of
the law which lays its hand on an individual in
one of the free States, no matter what his complex-
ion , and by the decision of a commissioner, with-
out the right of a habeas corpus, which this act
endeavors to nullify, bears him from the protec-
tion of the State upon whose soil he treads and to
whose protection he js entitled, by the mere war-
rant of that commissioner,,without the interven-
tion of a jury or a judge or a writ of habeas cor-
pus, carrics him from his own State to just exactly
wherever the claimant says, for trial. That is otic
of the provisions of the law which I look upon as
exceedingly harsh. When the Senatorasks why
1 used that term, and said it was intended to be so,
I will tell him what I meant. I meant this: a law
is made understandingly;and when a harsh meas-
ure is put in, it is not put m by accident, butir is
intended to be just exactly as harsh as it is. That
is one of the provisions to which I allude.
Mr. MASON. I undeistand the Senator to
mean this; that the law was designed to effect the
end of the law; the law was designed to effect the
reclamation of this fugitive property, and the
provisions of the law were carefully and success-
fully prepared to attain that end; to get the prop-
erty back. That is the harshness he ascribes to
it. I had supposed, when the Senator used that
term, he meant to be understood that there was
an intentional departure from the proprieties of
the law in order to indulge in some harsh feeling
somewhere.
Mr. HALE. I did not mean any such thing,
sir.
Mr. MASON. But I find now that the Sena-
tor substitutes that declaration, or I will call it,
oratorical flourish, which he so signally illustrates
in place of logic. The law was designed to effect
its end. Where this property escaped from the
State where it was held, the Constitution gave the
right to the reclamation. There was no interfer-
ence in the law whatever with the habeas corpus
provision in the Constitution; the law only said
that when the right was ascertained m the claim-
ant, it should not be an answer to the habeas cor-
pus—nothing else; and the reason of it was, as
the Senator from New Hampshire has heard a
hundred times, that the law was not intended to
try the right of property, whether the fugitive
was the property of the claimant, or whether he
was free; that the Constitution did not design that,
but that, if there was to be any question about
the right of property, it was to be determined in
the State whence the fugitive escaped. The law
left the habeas corpus as the Constitution placed
it. The habeas corpus might issue, has issued, in
a number of cases, and the fugitive has been car-
ried m obedience to the habeas corpus y and to answer
it. The law says that the adjudication of the
commissioner is an answer to the habeas corpus—
nothing more.
Mr. HALE. I have not qualified anything I
said; the Senator mistakes me, because I never
mean to say anything wrong, and I do not think
I generally do. i said the law was a harsh one,
and that it was intended to be so; by which I did
not suppose that anybody would understand me
as saying that it was putin for the purpose of in-
sulting anybody; but that there were harsh pro-
visions in that law, and that they were put in
meaning to be just what they are—harsh. Sir,
let me illustrate this practically; let me take a
case showing what I consider harsh. A man
comes from Virginia into the State of New
Hampshire, claiming and in search of a slave and
a horse—both; a slave may have escaped and
taken a horse with him to get away. By this
law, the claimant can go and take the man that
he claims, no matter whether he is white or black;
no matter whether he was born in Virginia or
New Hampshire; if he lays his hand on him and
claims him as a fugitive, and gets his certificate
made out in due form, he has to go, no matter
what his complexion is, or where he was bom.
What I complain of is, that he can take a man
under that law from my State and carry him where
he pleases with a process, upon which, if he were
to undertake to take a horse out of the State, he
would be indicted for trespass.
So, sir, we hold horses by a higher safeguard
than human rights are holden, where this fugitive
slave law is the law of the land. That is what I
complain of. It has strickcn down the safeguards
of the Constitution and of the writ of habeas cor-
pus, by providing that this certificate^ procured
upon ex parte affidavits, shall override the habeas
corpus, and all the constitutional privileges. The
great mistake of the gentlemen who passed this
law, and of those who have endeavored to sustain
it, is this: they assume at the outset that the man
whom they claim is a slave, and they give him no
sort of rights as a freeman, but only tli^e rightsof
a slave after that. That js what I complain of;
that you may go into one of the free States under
this law, and lay your hand on a man who was
born there, has lived there all his life, and if he
comes within the description of your ex parte af-
fidavits taken a thousand miles off, and you can
get a ten dollar commissioner to give a certificate,
the habeas corpus of the State judiciary lies para-
lyzed at his feet, and the man who is claimed
has to go. That is the practical operation of the
law.
Now, the Senator has called upon me for one
provision which is hnish. I have given it, and
that provision about the fee is another; but 1 do
not want to take up the time of the Senate. It is
enough that it justifies, to my mind and con-
science, a vote against that law, here and every-
where; but I will admit upon that matter that, by
the Constitution, the South have a right to a rem-
edy. I do not care whether it is popular or un-
popular to say it. I say they have a right to a
fair and an honest remedy; but.the difficulty is
that, in seeking that remedy, it seems to me they
have not respected the feelings or the judgments,
or, if you please, the prejudices, of the people
among whom the law is to be executed; but it
comes in stern and unrelenting, and the moment
it lays its hand upon a man and claims him as a
slave, all the rights of a freeman are paralyzed,
and he has none. Trial by jury is nothing to
him. It is no sort of relief or remedy to tell him
that, when he gets wherever the claimant sees
fit to carry him, he can have a trial by jury then.
If he is wrongfully taken, he should nave a trial
where he is taken; and union or disunion, if ever
that law is undertaken to be enforced upon a cit-
izen of my State, whatever may be his color, if
it is undertaken to be enforced, and by virtue of
it to carry a man entitled to the protection of our
law out of its jurisdiction, I hope it will be re-
sisted. The Union is not worth preserving at
all, if we have not any rights under iL Southern
gentlemen have been talking all the time about
their having a right, under the Constitution, to
hold slaves. If they have a right to hold slaves,
is that any reason why we should not have a
right to hold freemen and be free ourselves, and
to have the protection of those great principles of
English liberty, which have been vindicated for a
thousand years past? They arc all stricken down,,
sir, by this bill, or at least may be. That is one
of the reasons why I shall vote against any such
resolution as this.
Mr. MASON. A single word. I was a little
struck with the expression of the Senator, that
there were some provisions in that law which
were harsh, and which were intended to be so.
I understood "harsh," in that application and
contcxt, necessarily to imply that there was some-
thing, if not cruel, at least stern and oppressive,
when there was no necessity for it. But when the
Senator comes to define what he means by it, he
places himself in the position that I have no doubt
