THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
The motion was agreed to; so it was
Unsolved, That the Committee on Printing be directed to
deliver to the Postmaster General his import and appendix,
w.t.oii accompanied the messagv ot'thehesidentjcoinmu-
nic.rted to tile Senate on t!ie27th of Decembcrf for the pur-
pose Ot" liavmg tiie same printed by the Depaitinent.
EXECUTIVE SESSIOS.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 10, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. Spencer Kennard.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated as the business first in
order the question of the admissibility of the res-
olution offered by Mr. Montgomery on the 5th
instant, on which the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Gaktrell] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARTRELL. It was not my intention,
Mr. Clerk, until within the last few clays* to do-
tain the House by any general remarks until after
its organization; and I am free to say that noth-
ing but a sense of duty, in this hour of peril 19
the Republic, could have induced me to after that
determination. No one regrets, more than I do,
the existing state of things m this Hall. And yet
I have a thorough confidence that the blame of our
non-organization can in no way attach to me, or
to the party with which £ am acting.
The numbers and relative position of the Rep-
resentatives of the different political parties on this
floor are well known to the country. For one, I
amoontentthatthcrecordof our proceedings up to
this hour may be submitted to the judgment of the
American people. The scenes being enacted here
arc but the beginning, tn a legislative sense, of that
accursed<'UTepressiblc-confiict"doctrine of which
wc have of late heard so much; a conflict, we aie
told by its author, between opposing aiul endur-
ing forces—a conflict by the North upon the South.
If that conflict is to come—and 1 intend to speak
candidly, plainly, dispassionately, and respect-
fully to day—if that conilict is to come, if war is
to be waged on the rights of the people of fifteen
States of this Union, and the solemn guarantees
of the Constitution domed them; if our property
is still to betaken and its prompt surrender re-
fused us; if the principles of the Republican party
are still to be maintained and their purposes ac-
complished; if wc of the South are, by oongres-
sionalaction or the artful contrivance of unfriendly
legislation, to be deprived of a full participation
of al) the territory belonging, of righf, to all the
people of nil the States; then, for one, I am free
to confess that, perhaps, it were better this
House should never organize.
If you,men of the Republican part y,are determ-
ined to continue your aggressions on our rights,
as 1 slufll show you propose to do—if you will
not. stay this hand of airutession, in order to pei-
peluafe the libert'n which the people now enjoy
to their children and children's children.; if you
are dct'Tminod that this conflict shall come, then
I warn you, and warn those whom you repre-
se'v here, to hewaie of the dangerous ground on
which you tread. If the crowding memories of
the past and the transcendent glories of the pres-
ent are to be forgotten and lost, and the glowing
anticipations of (Ik- future are to !><• denied, then,
upon your heads be the disgrace and dishonor foi -
ivu\ The present generation of the South, like
their ancestor, may be truly classified as law-
abiding men, true to the principles of that Con-
stitution which was conceived m a Christian spirit
of eoncrssion and compromise, and ratified by the
several States of the Confederacy m their sowi ei<rn
capacity, in order, among other things, to form a
more perfect Union, to establish justice, to insure
domestic tranquillity, to provide for the general
welfare, and to secure for themselves and their
posterity the blessings of liberty. To that Con-
ciliation, when faithfully administered, we a re yet
d<■ \oled 1 j attached: to a justconsututional Union
w • are ready now, as we have ever been in the
past, to yield a ready obedience,
Grant us, then, the full measuic of our consti-
tutional rights, for nothing else will do.; fonsider
Mid treat us politically, and in every otiKu respeet,
as your equals—for such we are. Cease your
aggressions upon our rights—the constitutional
rights of my people—for such we demand and will
enforce, though it may sever this Union into as
many pieces as there arc stars upon the national
banner. Do you tell me that by your,.action in the
past you have established justicc? The millions of
our property in fugitive slaves of which you have
wrongfully deprived us, in violation of the Con-
stiution and laws of the land, brand you with in-
justice. Have we of the South had insured to
us domestic tranquillity? The blood of southern
men shed at Harper's Ferry cries to us from the
ground, and brands you with the acts of the poor
miserable deluded followers of your misplaced
philanthropy. The ghosts of the dead will haunt
you, and the anathemas of the living will follow
you forever.
1 ask, and ask respectfully, if you have by your
coursc in the legislative hails of this Union, en-
deavored to promote the general welfare? The
burdens imposed upon our people, the benefits
you have exacted fiom us, afford ample evidence
of your selfishness. Do you tell me that we have
a more perfect Union ? Why, sir, such have been
the insults and aggressions of the people of the
North, who ought to have considered my people
their brethren for good and for evil, that we have
scarcely any Union at all. It is a Union m form
and m name, but neither in sentiment nor in sub-
stance. Those fraternal feelings that should ani-
mate every section, and warm and glow in the
national heart, have been by your coursc, and by
the course of your predecessors, turned into in-
vective and hate; and, to-day, in the opening of
the year 3860, you have precipitated upon the
great, patriotic, American people, the great issue
as to whether their Government shall be longer
continued.
Mr. Clerk, it wan remarked, a few days ago,
upon this floor, 1 think by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] that the slavery
question was the. only political subject now divid-
ing the people of this country. It is true, sir. X
do not propose, on this occasion, ns I have on
tiiis floor on other occasions, to enter into any
defense of that institution. It needs none at my
hands. Sanctioned and approved by an enlight-
ened Christianity, recognized by the'Constitution
of the country, domestic slavery will be main-
tained as one of the inalienable rights of the peo-
ple, to be defended, if need be, by a resort to
arms. <• To question our rights is to grossly vio-
late them; to attempt to instruct us upon this sub-
ject is to insult us; to dare to assail our institutions
is wantonly to invade our peace."
I say, i do not.intend to debate that question.
With me 1 frankly confess that the argument may
be exhausted. I shall endeavor, however, to
present to you briefly what I understand to be the
rights of the southern people, and to which 1 in-
vite the attention of the country; and especially
tl\e calm attention of gentlemen on the other side
of this House. 1 desire to address you as my
peers in every respect here. I intend to speak
calmly, dispassionately, respectfully. I wish it
to be understood—and i pray that ! may not be
misrepresented—1 say that if I misstate a single
nsition occupied by the Republican party of the
north, or if t misquote the positions held by
! leading men of that party, I request gentlemen on
; the other side to call me to order, and to set me
i light upon the record.
| Now, Mr. Clerk, I pyoposo first to state what I
\ understand to be the uglus, the legal and cousti-
: UiUonal lights, of the southern people in this spc-
i cies of property.
In the second place, I shall undertake to show
■ that those rights, so clear, so sacred, so high, are
; not only threatened, but boldly, daringly, and
I willfully assailed by the Republican party of this
country. I shall announce the solemn fact, dis-
agreeable though it may be to you as well as to
me, to my people as well as to yours, that if this
course of aggression shall be continued, the peo-
ple of the South, of the skneholdmg States, will
be compelled by every principle of justice, ofhon-
oi, and of self-pres'.rvation, to disruptevery lie
dut binds* them to the Union, peaceably if they
can, forcibly if they must."
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman be kind enough to repeat the last sen-
tence to which he gave utterance ? I did not hear
it distinctly.
Mr. GARTREL-L. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania desires me to repeat that sentiment again;
I will do so with much pleasure. I wish to en-
grave it upon the tablet of his memory. I want
him to send it home to his people; I want him to
tell them that a Representative from the South,
representing upon this floor an intelligent, a law-
abiding,"a gallant, and patriotic constituency, de-
clares here to-day that, if the avowed purposes of
the Abolition party be carried out, if the doctrines
of the Republican party be carried into practical
operation, and if the assaults and insults upon our
rights and honor do not cease, the people of the
South will be compelled by every sacred principle
of justice and equality and self-preservation to
.disrupt every tie which binds them to the Union,
peaceably if they can, forcibly if they must. I
hope that the gentleman from Pennsylvania now
understands me.
Mr. Clerk, I beg the kind indulgence of this
House while I present a very brief synopsis of
what I understand to be the legal and constitu-
tional rights gf the southern people. These rights
are so dear and sacred to us, their violation will
be attended with such momentous consequences,
that I fear to trust myself to an oral recital of them
hpre. Well, sir, what arc these rights?
We affirm that Congress has no power or au-
thority to interfere with the subject of slavery in
the States, Territories, or District of Columbia.
The Republican party disclaiming for the present
any intention of intci fcring with slavery in the
States, insist that Congress has sovereign power
over it m the Territories, and ought to prohibit
its introduction. We claim, as a high constitu-
tional right, the faithful execution of the act for
the rendition of our fugitive slaves. You deny
the constitutionality of that act; and have,m sev-
eral of the northern States, violated the constitu-
tional compact by a practical and perfidious nullifi-
cation of the law. You avow your determination to
prevent the admission of any more slave States.
Wc demand that slave States shall be admitted in
the future as in the past. You proclaim your pur-
pose to confine slave labor within its present lim-
its, that it may ultimately become profitless, and
thus work out its own destruction. We declare
that justice to the master and humanity to the
slave imperiously require its expansion and per-
petuation. We hold that the people of the South
have the right to go with their slave property into
any and all territory belonging to the States; and
when there, to be as fully protected in the uninter-
rupted enjoyment of that property as the northern
man with his personal property. You traverse
this right of justice and equality", and demand that
all the territory now acquired, or herenfter to be
acquired,shall bo devoted exclusively to free labor.
Now, sir, how stands the case ?
At the formation of the Ft deral Constitution
property m slaves existed "os matter of right"
in all except one of the then States, and m each
and all it was used, treated, sold, and conveyed
as other personal property. It was intended, by
the patriotic framers of that instrument, to be as
fully and amply protected as chattels of any other
description. The history of the proceedings of
the convention, and the subsequent ratification by
the several States, afford one unbroken chain of
evidence of the fact that without siu h an under-
standing, entertained and acted on in good faith
at the time, the Union could not have been formed.
Add to this the further fact that the couits, Fed-
eral and State, from the formation of the Consti-
tution to this hour, have, m their adjudications,
regarded and considered it personal pi r,pertv, and
the position becomes undeniable that all the rights
and laws of property attach to every necro as
much as to your horse, and ought upon every prin-
ciple of equality and justicc to be held equally sa-
cred and inviolate. Such being the case,! maintain
that the Constitution and laws recognize and pro-
tect the right of property in slaves in all the 'Ter-
ritories to the same extent that any other personal
property is recogni^cd and protected. To'deny
this position is an admission that there is a dif-
ference between slave property and other prop-
erty, and that the former is not equal m the pro-
tection duo to it with the latter. For myself, 1
repudiate such an admission, and maintain that
property in slaves in the Territory is entitled to
and should receive ail the guarantees, and he se-
cured to its owner by ail the remedies regulating
any other kind of personal property.
