1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28.
cently made by the Secretary of the Navy, which
covers the whole ground, upon a bare suggestion
that they were interfered with. The regulation
of the service is now, and I am mistaken if it be
not printed in this year's Register, that the. chap-
lain may offer divine service, and not read it; he
offers it in any way that may be most consistent
with his own views of propriety, or that his own
preferences may dictate. There is nothing what-
ever in any department of the Navy to interfere
with the offices of a chaplain, if he be Presbyterian,
Episcopalian, or Methodist. He prnsucs any
service he chooses, and the slightest intimation
that any interference is m'ado, brings forth a re-
buke from the Department; and recently, to re-
move the complaint, that regalation has been
established.
Mr. HAMLIN. There have been complaints
made to this body—surely at the last session there
were a very considerable number of memorials or
petitions presented and referred to the Committee
onNaval Affairs involving this very point. Serious
charges at least were made by chaplains that ihey
Were coerced to a different service from that of the
church to which they belonged. Now, the Sen-
ator from Florida tells us that has been remedied
by a regulation of the Department. I must con-
fess my utter surprise at the opposition made by
(he Senator from Florida here. 1 am amazed at
it. I cannot comprehend it. The matter, he says,
is regulated by a rule of the Department. That
rule maybe changed to-morrow. Is it not better
to regulate it by law ? Is it not better that all these
things should be regulated by law? The law will
best reach the object. It seems so to mo. If it is
what ought to be remedied by regulation, it is bet-
ter remedied by law.
Mr. MALLORY. The regulation to which I
allude.is this:
Navy Department, January 17, 1 .'<<().
It is understood that the Wavy coimmssioiK'i
tnms of 1818, requiring chaplain* •• to irad i>ra)<-r>.ai Mated
period V have iieretolore been construed to require theni
to o[f'cr prayers; and such will Iierciilicf be the eonsliue-
tion. ISAAC TOIN'KV,
* St'cietary of the Navy.
To offer them—not necessarily to read them.
The Senator expresses his amazement. I have
only to say to the Senator that I am very much
amazed that a man of his judgment should at-
tempt to imply that, a state of things exists in the
public Service which does notexist; and although
the i'oni]ilaints may have been made here, they
have been before the Naval Committee for inves-
tigation,ami they have never yet found any sin-
gie authenticated instance in wlueh such interfer-
ence has taken place. I know that one of these
chaplains has complained to the Navy Depart-
ment m langunge which would not be read in de-
cent society, and I know it is there in the Depart-
ment now with the Secretary'.- indoisenientthat
it is unfit to go on file; but 1 hare yet to learn for
the first time that thole is any iuterfeieuee or at-
tempt to compel a chaplain to offer divine service
in a particular manner. The only object ion i
have is, that this is an implication that the otlieers
of the Navy desire any particular form of prayer.
It is possible thev may desire the briefest.
Mr. FE&SENJ}EN. I am of opinion that this
had better be legulated by law, if it is liable to
abuse at all; but I believe the matter is within my
own power, as the amendment is offered to my
amendment, and I can accept it. I do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires the
action of the Senate to confirm it.
Mr. FESSEjN OEN. I accept it as a modifica-
tion of mv amendment.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. It still requires
the action of the Senate, ay the yeas and nays ■
have been ordered. ' |
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to. 1
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to offer the following 1
amendment, to add after the previous amendment:
Every chaplain retained in the service ^iiall be leqmred .
to report annually to the. Secietary of the Navy the ortkial 1
services performed by him. \
The amendment to the amendment waso^reedto 1
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question I
is on the amendment of the Senator from Maine, f
as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 29; us follows:
YEAS—Mersis. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Davis, DooJjtlle, Durkee, Fe^citdcn, Foot, Grimes, Ham
lin, Harlan, Iverson, King, Seward, Kiwinons, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, a?idWaUe~-'20
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bragg,
Bright, Drown, Oliesnut, 'Clay, Clmgman, Crittenden,
Douglas, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Ilunter, Ken-
nedy, Latham, Malloiy, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
ilice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Slideil. Wigf'all, and Yulee—
29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I now desire to offer the same
amendments, which were just ingrafted into the
substitute, in regard to chaplains, to the original
bill, to come in after line sixty-live.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that the bill has not been re-
ported to the Senate; and it is not in order to offer
his amendments to the original bill now.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The first question will be on concur-
ring in the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole,and if 110 objection be made,theques-
tion will be put together on concurring in all the
amendments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to object to one 01*
two of tho.se amendments. I want to call the at-
tion of the Senate before, the vote is taken 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
from Rhode Island will designate any one or more
amendments that he wishes reserved from this
general vote he will do so, and they will be so
reserved.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Louisiana to the increase
made to the pay of captains on other duty than
sea-service, and on leave. I heard him indicate
that he would increase the loave of absence pay
$250; and I think that would be more in harmony
with the geneial character of the bill, and I would
rather add something to the next above than add j
$500 to those doing no serviceatall. I think that i
is too large an increase m proportion to that class. ■
Mr. BENJAMIN. We can reserve that amend-
ment and take a vote on the others. ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With the ex-
ception of the amendment indicated by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, the question is on concur-
ring in the other amendments which were made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Now,theques~
tion is on the amendment indicated by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest to the Senator from
Louisiana whether it would not be better to put
the ^.'(,(>00 class at $3,750, and the £>3,000 one at
$,L2,750. That would be putting $250 to the pres-
ent nay of each of those graded.
Mi. BENJ AMIN. 1 will merely remark to the
Senator from Rhode Island tiiat, in mv opinion,
and I believe in that of many others, the differ-
ence before was too great between the pay of a
captain waiting orders and a captain at sea, which
was $1,000. The pay of a captain at sea is now
put at §3,GOO, or $ld0 more than it was before;
and the pay of a captain waiting orders on shore
at §3,000, leaving a difference of $600 between
captains 011 shore and at sea. It arranges the
captains at different rates, varying fifty dollars a
month for each grade of service; those on leave on
shore at $4>50amon th; those on duty, $300amonth;
and those on duty at sea, $350 a month; leaving
the bill as reported in relation to commanders of
squadrons. 1 think we had better let it remain as
it is, as it has been fixed. It is hardly worth while
to change it.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is now
open to further amendment.
Mr. W1GFALL. I move to strike out the
ser ond section, in these words:
£i:e. 2. slnd be it fuithcr cnactcd, That nothing in this
an contained shall hi' so construed as to increase or modify
tlie pies>ent p ty of the chiefs of bureaus in the Navy De-
paitmeut, or the iSupeiintendeiu 01 tlieNa\al Obseivatory.
If the chairman of the committee accepts the
amendment, I will say nothing.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment is not to
strike out the proviso adopted yesterday, hut only
the section down to the word "Observatory,5' I
do not agree to it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like some expla-
nation of what this amendment means, I do not
like to vote in the dark.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will explain it in a mo-
ment. I understand that this bill provides gen- ]
erally for the increased pay of the naval officers, i
and that there is sea-service and land-service.
There are distinctions made between sea-service
and land-service; and here is the sccond section
which makes a proviso that nothing in this act
shall be so construed as to increase or modify the
Eresent pay of chiefs of bureaus in the Navy
>epartment or the Superintendent of the Nava!
Observatory. Whilst I understand very well that
an officer on land should not be paid as much as
one at sea, I do not understand that if one hap-
pens to be distinguished on account of his inform-
ation and his science, and therefore should have
been taken and put at the head of one of the bu-
reaus, because he happens to have brains, there
should be a tariff put upon his understanding,
and that every one else shouid get the benefit of
this bill except those who, in consequence of their
scientific attainments, are put at the heads of bu-
reaus; that every one else should be paid extra,
and that the men who have the capacity to be
put at the heads of the bureaus should be cut out
of all the increased pay. That I do not compre-
hend; and for that reason I have moved to strike
that out.
I am told by the Senator from Minnesota that
if this whole clause is stricken out, his amendment
goes with it, and Captain Dahlgren is, therefore,
cut down of his extra pay. I surely did not mean
that. I wish him to have his increased pay; but
I only desire that those officeis who are put at
the heads of bureaus shall get the proper perqui-
sites, and also their increased pay. 1 do not see
why a discrimination should be made againstthe
heads of bureaus.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I have prepared a section in accordance with
what I stated before. I do not understand his
object; but I stated that I thought there ought to
be a provision in the bill for the cases of those
officers who, on account of their scientific attain-
ments, are assigned to special service on shore.
I propose that these be inserted instead of the
sccond scction:
That m all cases where officers have been or may be or-
dered to perforin special services on shore, by reason of
superior scientific or other qualifications, the service of such
officeis, whilst thus employed on shore, shall be computed
as sea-service,and entitle such officers to the same increased -
late of pay as if their duty had been perfoimed at sea.
Mr. WIGFALL. I accept the amendment of
the Senator from Louisiana, and offer tiiat as
mine.
Mr. BROWN* I can see in the phraseology
of the Senator's amendment, that it would subject
the Secretary, or whoever audits the account, to
a determination of this very delicate question:
whether an officer on shore had been chosen to
perform 0 particular duty on account of his su-
perior scientific attainments. I do not see how
that to be determined. One Secretary orders an
officer to perform certain shore duties, and prob-
ably does not put it on the record that he made
the appointment on account of the officer's supe-
rior scientific attainments. lie comes and asks
for his pay, and he claims it because he was sim-
ply ordered to perform shore duties, and the rea-
son why the order was made is not apparent on
the record. Then what is to be doner
In addition to that, I am opposed to the whole
amendment. I do not believe in paying these
land-lubbers any extra compensation. All this
story about gentlemen being chosen to be the
heads of bureaus on account of their scientific at-
tainments contains in it a great deal of gammon.
Whenever one of the bureaus belonging to the
Navy Department is vacant, there is a universal
scramble 111 the whole Navy for the occupancy of
it. Let the bureau of yards and docks, or any
other one, become vacant to-day, and there will
be fifty applications for it. Why? Because it is
a nicc comfortable place on shore.
No one has a higher respect than I have for
Lieutenant Maury; but how is he situated here?
Pursuing his scientific studies suited to his taste,
living comfortably, encountering none of the hurd-
ships of the sea, never buffeting the waves, not
exposed to the storms, not exposed to any danger
whatever; and I really see no reason for increas-
ing the compensation of that officer as an officer
of the Navy. If, as a scientific agent of the Gov-
ernment, he is not receiving enough compensa-
tion, then pay ►him as Superintendent of the'Ob-
servatory, but not as an officer of the Navy, and
for services never performed as a naval officer; and
so with the rest of them.
