2352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25.
he occupies, and many who sit with mo occupy
the same - position: their objection is not to the
law, but to the Constitution. It is with the Con-
stitution they quarrel, and not with the law.
The Senator says the South have some rights
under the Constitution; that they have a ri§ht to
reclaim fugitives—in what manner or form- the
Senator does not indicate; but in order to show
what his meaning is, he says the harshness of the
law is, that you can go and reclaim a negro in
New Hampshire under u law summary in its pro-
visions, immediate in its action, silencing the
habeas corpus, when you cannot reclaim the horse
that the negro rode in the same way. Sir, let him
look at the Constitution. The Constitution says
that the fugitive " shall be delivered up 011 claim
of the party to whom such service or labor may
-be due." It does not question the right of prop-
erty in any way. It does not call for a decision
of the question, whether the man is a freeman or
whether he is the property ofenother. The ques-
tion only is, under the Constitution, was he held'
to service when lie escaped ? Suppose there had
been a like provision in relation to a horse, or
any other species of property; suppose it were
said in the Constitution that, if a horse escaped
from one State to another he should be delivered
up on claim of the party from whose possession
the horse had escaped: there would have been a
trial only of the right to possession, and they
would have stood on the same footing precisely.
But^he Constitution is silent as to the horse, and
speaks as to the slave, because of the difference
between the kinds of property. It requires only
that he shall bo put back to the status ftom which
he has escaped; and if there had been any wis-
dom, any propriety, or any sense, in making the
same provision for a horse, or an ox, or any
other species of property that was ambulatory,
the same reason would apply, not to determine
the right of property, but to determine from whoso
possession the horse or ox was taken; but there
was not the same reason.
I say, then, to the honorable Senator, kindly,
that the objection which he takes to the law is,
that the law lias been effective of its end; that is
to say, whenever it has been executed. It cannot
be evaded, never has been evaded; but it has been
resisted by force, or it has been perversely and
corruptly misconstrued. I have yet to learn that
any Senator fln this floor, either in 1850, when
the law was passed, or at any other time, who
has opposed it,'has ever extended counsel or aid
to carry into effect that clause of the Constitution.
I know that in several of the States of this Union—
whether in the State the honorable Senator rep-
resents or not, l am unaware—the Legislatures
have passed acts intended and designed to nullify
the provisions of tins law, or to nullify the Con-
stitution, by what are called their personal liberty
laws, intended and designed to annul that provis-
ion in the Constitution; and I have yet to know the
very first instance when any Senator of the class
of political opinion to which that Senator belongs
has lent the slighest aid or counsel to give us a
law of any description, or to carry it into effect
after it has been enacted.
I say, then, the Senator, in defining- what ho
means by " harsh," has taken his true position:
his objection is to the Constitution itself. It is
the constitutional provision, itis-the right which
the southern States thought they had secured in
good faith, that the Senator quarrels with. His
objection to the law, when lie states that it is
harsh, is that it is effective; that it carries out the
provision of the Constitution.
Mr. HALE. I am not going into an argu-
ment on this subject now; but having said enough
to vindicate me to the tribunal of my own judg-
ment, I shall postpone the argument.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The question is on agreeing
to the seventh resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Biagg, Blight, ihown,
Ohosnut, Clay, Chnguum, Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpatnek,
Green; Gwm, Hammond. Hemphill, Iluntcr, fveison, John-
son of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennodv. Lane,
Latham, Malloiy, Mason, Nicholson, Folk, Powell', Pugh,
ltieu, Sebastian, SUdell, Ten Eyek« Thompson, Toombs,
VViyfall. and Yulee—3G.
NAYS—Mf>s rs. Chandler, Clark. Foot, Hale, Wade, and
Wilson—6.
So the seventh resolution was adopted.
Mr. GWIN. I believe the resolutions have all
been disposed of.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. All the original
resolutions have been agreed to; and the question
now is on the resolutions offered by the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy] as amendments.
Mr. KENNEDY. Let my amendments be
read.
The Secretary read the amendments submitted
by Mr. Kennedy on the 20th of March; which
are, to add the following resolutions:
Resolved, That as the unity of government, ordained
and established by the Constitution of the United States, is
the main pillar in the edifice of our national existence, the
support of our tranquillity at homo, our peace abroad, of
our safety, of our piospenty, and of that liberty we so ju&tly
prize, all should properly estimate the value of our consti-
tutional union to our collective and individual happiness;
and that all.obstructions to the execution of the laws, all
combinations and scetional organizations, under whatever
plausible chaiactcr, with the real design to direct, control,
or counteract the deliberation and action of the constituted
authorities, are destructive of this fundamental prineiplo,
and of fatal tendency.
Resolved, That the principles and purposes of the great
northern party, which has, as lately authoritatively an-
nounced in this place, "but only one accepted and adopted
policy," and is therefore based upon a single idea, and com-
mitted thereby to the continued agitation of the slavery
question, to the neglect and detriment of the real and ma-
terial interests of the country, are sectional, and tend to
impair that more perfect union, to subvert that justice, to
destroy that domestic tranquillity, to weaken that common
defense, to retaul that geneia) welfare, and to imperil the
blosings of libcity to ourselves and posterity, which the
Constitution of the United States of America was ordained
and established to secnte.
Rejoiced, That in respect to the Territories, the common
property of the United States, it is the right ot the citizens of
the United States lawfully and permanently residing m any
Territory thereofto frame then constitution and law^and to
regulate their domestic and social affaiism their own mode,
subject only to the piovisions of the Fedeial Constitution,
with the privilege of admission into the Union whenever
they have the requisite population for one Representative
in Congress: Provided always, That none but those wiio
are citizens of the United States under the Constitution and
laws thereof, and who have a fixed residence in any such
Tetritory, ought to participate in the formation of the eon-
stution, or in the enactment of laws for said Temtoiy or
State.
Mr. KENNEDY. I desire to say, sir,in brief,
that when 1 had the honor to submit these reso-
lutions, some eight weeks ago, it was under a
state of facts existing at that time, which required
from me, perhaps, an expression of my own indi-
vidual views. Since then, the resolutions of the
honorable Senator from Mississippi have been
acted upon, embracing generally all the principles
that I have contended for. As they have under-
gone a very elaborate and full discussion here, I
have no desire in the world to prolongthodebate,
or to protract the session of the Senate, or to de-
tain it from the more profitable performance of the
duties now devolving upon it. After the very
full expression of views that has been given on the
resolutions of the Senator from Mississippi; hav-
ing attained the object that I had only in view,
which was to assign the reason why 1^ as a rep-
resentative of a particular party from the State of
Maryland, holding views different from a great
many gentlemen on this floor, would vote for the
resolutions of the Senator from Mississippi, I am
satisfied now to allow the resolutions to lie on the
table.
Several Senators. Withdraw them.
Mr. KENNEDY. I will withdraw them.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair will
understand it as the senseof the Senate that leave
is given to withdraw the resolutions of the Sena-
tor from Maryland, unless objection be made.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand that the
resolutions are withdrawn ?
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. They are with-
drawn. There is no business before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I move then to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the In-
dian appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator withdraw
that for a moment? I want to move a reconsid-
eration of a vote.
Mr. HALE. That is a privileged question.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reconsider the vote
adopting the resolution of the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clisgman.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. t Does the Sen-
ator ask for the consideration of his motion now ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE. Let us reconsider it.
Mr. GWIN. Let us take the question now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays Were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the resolution be
read. '
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The resolution
which it is proposed to reconsider is in these
words:
Resolved, That the existing condition of the Territories
docs not require the intervention of Congress for the pro-
tection of property in slaves.
Mr. HALE. Is not the phrase " at this time"
in it?
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that I
voted for that resolution because I believed the
condition of the Territories requires no such law
now or ever, and I do not believe in the enact-
ment of any such law; but my friends on this side
of the Chamber have put that resolution in the
series; and for myself, I do not wish to be re-
sponsible for any portion of these resolutions;
and I therefore wish the vote to be reconsidered,
Mr. LANE. I desire merely to tender my
thanks to the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts. The series of resolutions, as introduced by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, are ger-
mane one to the other. They are a declaration
of principles by the Democratic party. This
amendment, as the Senator has said correctly,
has been fastened on the Democratic resolutions
by the votes of the Republican Senators. I feel
grateful, indeed, to the Senator for making the
motion to reconsider. I hope the vote will be
reconsidered, and the resolution voted down.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Da-
vis, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gvvin, Hammond, Ilailan, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, [verson, Johnson ot Arkansas, Lane, Mallory,
Mabun, Nicholson, Powell, ltice, Sebastian, Simmons, Sh-
dell, vtfigfall, Wilson, and Yulee—26
NAYS—Messrs. Bragg, Ciingman, Crittenden, Johnson
ot Tennessee, Latham, Polk, Pugh, and Toombs—8.
So the motion to reconsider prevailed; and the
question recurred on the adoption of the resolution
offered by Mr. Clingman, in these words:
Resolved, That the existing condition of the Territories
does not require the intervention of Congress for the pio-
tection of property in slaves.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to say, in regard to
that resolution, that I accord in sentiment with it,
but I do not believe this is the place to put it. It
is a declaration in regard to a question of fact.
The others are general declarations of principle.
For this reason I have voted against all amend-
ments that were calculated to impair the declara-
tion of principles which was presented by my
friend from Mississippi on this occasion. I there-
fore voted against tins resolution before, and I
shall do so again.
Mr. GWIN. I have a single word to say on
this subject. I voted against the amendment of
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] to
show that, so far as I was concerned, I was against
the slave code. I did not vote on this resolution
before, because I did not want to introduce it into
the series that have been offered. I am entirely
opposed to a slave code, or anything approaching
to it. I do not think there is any necessity for
it at all. I voted, as a platform of principles, for
the resolutions as they were reported from the
caucus by the Senator from Mississippi, and for
that reason I did not vote on this resolution
at all. f
Mr. WILSON. These resolutions, it appears,
have been prepared with a great deal of care in a
Democratic caucus They are matters that, I
think, concern the Democratic party. They have
been brought into the Senate, considered, and
acted upon. For myself, being opposed to the
resolutions as a whole, although to some of the
resolutions standing by themselves I would cheer-
fully assent, I am opposed to putting into the se-
ries, by my aid or the aid of my political friends,
any resolution of that character. Therefore, I
moved the reconsideration of the resolution which
is now pending before the Senate. For one, I
want to wash my hands of all connection with
any of the resolutions, although every body knows
that all of us on this side of the Chamber are op-
posed to a slave code now, or at any future period,
under any possible circumstances which can arise.
The resolution was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. Now, I move to postpone
the 
Mr. IVERSON. I rile to a question of order.
The Chair said the ayes had it, and that the res-
