1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Viewed in the light of property, the common-
law remedies usually employed in the courts ap-
ply to it as to all other species of property. If
your horse is wrongfully taken from you in the
Territory, it is conceded that you may, by virtue
of the Constitution and laws of the United States,
punish the felon, and recover your property by
an action of irover or detinue. The same reme-
dies employed in this case should apply in all
their force and effect where my slave is beaten,
stolen, or detained. Upon this point I am sus-
tained by a decision of the supreme court of my
own State, pronounced in May, 1851. That
court, after reviewing quite elaborately the status
of slayery, formerly in Great Britain, and now in
this country, held that the common law of Eng-
land is inapplicable to the institution of slavery in
this country, except to protect the rights of masters;
and,after showing that slaves have been recog-
nized as chattels—the subjects of contract and
sale—by the courts in England and m Massachu-
setts, they say:
" Why not upon a contract foi the person ? Why should
not trover lie in England lor a negio there, bought in Geor-
gia by a citizen of Ueoigia, fiom a subject of Great Britain
resident in England? Upon the &coie ot morality, of hu-
manity, or of natuial oquity, 1 confess I see no difrcionec.
The giound that their law, not recognizing slaveiy, affoids-
no remedy, is equally untenable. Theirgeneial law, giving
remedies on contiaels and to recover property, ought to be
implied to slaves as other property."
Now, sir, such being my own position, I will go
a step further, and insist that, as there is doubt
upon this great question, and as it is one of the
first duties of all free Governments to sec that the
property of its citizens, of every character and
description, is fully, amply, and effectually pro-
tected, I hold that if the courts should refuse to
take cognizance of the case, and refuse prompt
protection, that then it would become the imper-
ative duty of Congress to secure and protect this i
species of property as all other property is pro-
tected—bypositivecongressionallegislation. Nor
do I believe that such legislation would at all in-
terfere with that great principle of " non-mter-
ference by Congress with slavery in the States
and Territories and District of Columbia."
I have thus given a synopsis of what I under-
stand to be the constitutional rights which the
southern people demand upon the subject of sla-
very.
Mr. SOMES. I wish to ask the gentleman if
he considers those sentiments lobe in accordance
with the Cincinnati platform?
Mr. GARTRELL. I regard them as true sen-
timents, sentiments that should be maintained by
northern men, as well as by the people of the
South. It is foreign to my purpose to-day to dis-
cuss the Cincinnati platform. I am not here to make
apolitical speech. When I do that, Igenerally take
the hustings, upon the stump, and if the gentleman
desires to debate with me the merits or dements
of the Cincinnati platform, he must come South,
or I will go North if he prefers it. I would like
the privilege of meeting your people, in your con-
gressional districts, and tell them face to lace svhat
I believe to be the merits of the great national
Cincinnati platform. I commend it to your and
to their most favorable consideration ana observ-
ance.
Mr. SOMES. I guaranty that you can have a
hearing in my district at any time, and a large
audience.
Mr. GARTRELL. I am very much obliged
to the gentleman; I am sure I would reciprocate.
Mr."FERRY. I have listened to the enumera-
tion the gentleman has just made of whathecon-
ccives to be the constitutional rights of the South.
Do I understand him further to say, that if the
South, in its own judgment, is deprived of any
of what the gentleman has enumerated as the con-
stitutional rights of the South, he will be in favor
of a dissolution of the Union5
Mr. GARTRELL. I will come to that point
directly; for if the gentleman heard the statement
of the matters I intend to discuss to-day, he will
remember that the very question he has now pro- |
pounded is one of the very questions I proposed |
to present to this House. I will answer the gen- !
tleman in a few moment^ respectfully, fully, and j
sufficiently. ij
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire whether j!
T understand the gentleman to say that he would |J
desire to have the opportunity of presenting his ||
views to the people of the free States upon these H
questions? I will say to the gentleman from
Georgia, that if he will coifte tp my district,- the
people shall be called together, and he and I will
go together before them and take an hour about,
to his entire satisfaction. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Georgia whether he will recipro-
cate that favor, and whether he will^go together
with me through his district, and permit me to
discuss the constitutional claims of the people of
the free States. •
Mr. GARTRELL. Certainly I would; but I
would have to put you upon your very good
behavior. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I ask no guarantees from
the gentleman—none in the world. I would trust
to his honor and integrity as a gentleman.
Mr. GARTRBLL. I am obliged to you for
that expression—I ask no guarantees. I pray
none from you; in the name of justice, in the
name of the Constitution, and of equal rights and
privileges, I demand my rights.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know that I ex-
actly understand the temper of that remark. The
proposition I made was that when he came into
my district, ho should comc without any pledges;
that I would ask no pledges from him as to what
he should say, or how ho should deport himself.
Mr. GARTRELL. I misunderstood the gen-
tleman's remark, and I assure him I would never
be wanting in reciprocating any courtesy.
Mr. STANTON. I have read in the news-
papers of some exhibitions which do not look that
way exactly.
Mr. GA&TRELL. And you will read of others
as long as you allow your meiUo come South and
circulate incendiary documents, and advise the
slaves of the South to insurrection, murder, ra-
j pine, and plunder. As long as you do that, you
i must expect to be inteife-red with. I tell you.
, gentlemen, while we respect your every right, and
! while we would treat you, especially the gentle-
I man from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] with the utmost
' kindness and courtesy, yet, when you come
among us, you must not disturb our peace. Do
we go North, and disturb your social relations ?
Why, Mr. Clerk, I served here during the last
Congress, and 1 heard, almost every day during the
exciting discussions of that Congress, questions
propounded to the gentlemen upon the other side
repeatedly and again,to show what custom, what
right, the people of the South ever denied to> their
brethren of the North. 1 will yield the floor to
any gentleman who will tell mej this House, and
the country, (and I will incorporate his remarks
in my printed speech and send them broadcast
over the South,) when a southern man, or any
number of southern men, combine for the pur-
pose of disturbing, in the slightest degree, your
social relations at the North. The question meets
with no response; and echo answers—" When?"
Never. We disturb none of your rights. We
leave them to be regulated by the Legislatures of
your respective States, and in accordance with the
general provisions of the Federal Constitution;
and to be determined and decided according to
your own notions and your own tastes. And we
intend to do it.
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman from Geor-
gia permit me to interrogate him for a moment5
Mr. GARTRELL. Yes; provided the ques-
tion is pertinent.
Mr. HASKIN. The gentleman from Georgia
has stated that he was opposed to the Republican
doctrine of intervention by Congress to prohibit
the extension of slavery^nto the Territories. He
has also stated that, in a certain contingency, he
would expect that Congress should intervene to
protect slavery in the Territories. 1 desire to ask,
him, if the Legislature of Kansas, in its territorial
condition, should do as Nebraska has been recently
attempting to do—prohibit slavery within the Ter-
ritory during its territorial existence—whether he
and the South would claim that that was an in-
fringement of their rights of property to that ex-
tent which would justify them in seceding from
the Union? In other words, whether, if the doc-
trines enunciated by Judge Douglas on the sub-
ject of the power of the Territorial Legislatures
shall be acted upon, the South would insist on the
protection by Congress of their slave property, as
higher property tb>in the horse; and that, in case
of non-protection, the South would claim the right
and would secede?
Mr. GARTRELL. Do 1 understand the gen-
tleman from New York, who has .beenf tecerifty
acting with us on this side, to have iaiddenly'be-
come the champion, defender, and expounder of
Republican doctrines and Republican,principles.'
Mr. HASKIN. In reply to the gentleman from
Georgia, he not having answered my qucstios-A-n-
Mr. GARTRELL. I will answer it.
, Mr. HASKIN—except in the Yankee mode
of putting- another, I will say that I am not the
exponent of Republican doctrines; but, on .the
contrary, I antagonize them in regard to this doc-
trine of congressional interference to prohibit sla-
very, just as much as I antagonize southern Dem-
ocrats in their doctrineof congressional legislation
to protect slavery.
Mr. GARTRELL. The question put to me
by the gentleman as to what we woula do on a
given state of things in Kansas, I conceive to be
a judicial one. It is a question for the courts. If
the gentleman desires to know my opinion in re-
gard to squatter sovereignty, or, as he calls it,
popular sovereignty, I can tell him in a'few words,
although I did not intend, to-day, to discuss that-
question at all; for, on some future occasion, I
intend, by the permission and kindness of the
Hous^, to define my position on that subject fully.
T will not bo diverted now from my purpose to
discuss that question; but I will say this to the
gentleman: So far as my own opinion goes, I
deny utterly, unconditionally, unqualifiedly, the
right of thepeople of any Territory, by unfriendly
legislation or taxation, or any other sort of legis-
lation, to deprive me of my slave property or the
right to my slaves in that Territory. I hold that
the people of the Territory have none of the attri-
butes of sovereignty; and that no power short of
sovereignty can deprive me of my property. I go
even further, and to the extent of the gentleman,
from Texas, [Mr. Reaoan]—#id I was gratified
to hear him make the announcement—that under
our form of government, while the forms of the
Constitution are respected, no citizen can be de-
prived of his property by any power whatever
without just compensation, either in a Territory
or in a State.
Mr. HASKIN, I ask the gentleman from
Georgia, as a representative of the Democratic
party, whether it is his intention, and that of those
with whom ho acts-, to insert a new plank in the
Charleston platform to protect slavery ? ■
Mr. GARTRELL. That is altogether a new
question. If the gentleman wants to know what
the Democratic party will do at Charleston, he
can just come there. I have no doubt he will be
making his arrangements to be present on that
important occasion.
Mr. HASKIN. I will be there, certainly.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will be very happy to
see the gentleman there, whenever he comes as a
Democrat; but if he comes representing the prin-
ciples of the Republican party, ashe does tp-day,
we will simply rul.e him out. [Laughter.]
Mr. HASKIN. Thegcntleman has parsed judg-
ment upon me, I think, unfairly, in saying*thst I
represent the principles of the Republican party;
for I distinctly announced that I did not repre-
sent their principles, but antagonized them as 1 an-
tagonize his principles. He wants a higher law
to protect slavery in the Territories by congres-
sional intervention.
Mr. GARTRELL. Yes, sir; by the fruit the
tree is known. The gentleman, I think, voted for
John Sherman for Speaker.
Mr. HASKIN. I did, sir.
Mr. GARTRELL. Then I assure you there
can be 110 bettei indorsement of your Republican-
ism than that. Now, I hope I will be allowed to
go on with my remarks.
Mr. HASKIN. Did you not vote for Mr.
Maynard and Mr. Boteler, both members of the
American party ?
Mr. GARTRELL. I did, sir, with great pleas-
ure.
Mr. HASKIN. Then, as they were both mem-
bers of that party, and as Mr. Maynard is an
American, and was ail elector for Mr. Fillmore
in 1856, th« gentleman, in voting for him, would
be, on his argument, an American.
Mr. GARtRELL. It is not the first time that
that remark has been made, and it has lost its
point; 1 thereforedonotdeemit necessary to waste
time by replying to it.
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman from Geor-
gia allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
