THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGESTS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D? C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 1860.
New Series.207.
purpose of convenience, because the party pre-
fers to take it out of the Treasury, instead of going
to California, to be paid where the estate is. On
what principle can the Senate do that in the face
of the law? I should like to hear, from gentlemen
on the other side, how a vote for a resolution such
as this can be sustained? Sir, I have seen too
often the effect of bad precedents appealed to in
subsequent cases, not to make me cautious about
this matter; but, in the face of all this, without,
as far as I know, a single reason being given for
the passage of the resolution, merely for the con-
venience of an individual who has taken a mort-
gage upon accruing pay before it commenced, in
direct violation of the great principle of law in
relation to salary, as laid down by all our courts,
Congress are asked, by a resolution, to ix.dorse
the counter principle, and say that the money can
be appropriated by mortgage, and that they will
make the payment, by a resolution of a single
body, out of their contingent fund, for the con-
venience of an individual creditor. Sir, I trust
that such a principle will not be recognized. I
cannot but believe that honorable Senators have
voted for this resolution from kindly feeling, or
from a misapprehension of its character, for it
involves a great principle; and as the individual
who claims under it will get his debt with perfect
secuiity,and it is only a question of convenience
to him, 1 do not think there is anything that ap-
peals either to our sense of equity or right, that
we should violate the law of the land for the con-
venience of any man.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
adopted a resolution directing the payment of a
certain amountof money from the contingent fund
to the assignee of the late Mr. Broderick.
Mr. BAYARD. I must ask to have that ques-
tion taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Jiayard, Bragg, Bright, Chesnut, Davis,
Pitch, Hammond, Huntei, Kennedy, Maliory, Mason,
Nicholson, Peaiee, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Saulsbury, Sh-
dcli, Tliom&on, Toombs, and Wigfall—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Bigler, Brown, Chandler,
Crittenden, Doohttle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Gtimes, Hailcin, Hemphill, iveison, Johnson ofTennessee,
King, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—22.
So the naotion to .reconsider was not agreed to.
WASHINGTON JAIL.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to include in the next annua! estimate*, he may Mibimt to
Congies=«, an estimate of the cost of a now jail in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, to whom was referred a
resolution relative to the pay of the clerks of
standing committees, have had it under consider-
ation, and direct me to report it back with a favor-
able recommendation. It is a very small affair;
it is all right, and ought to pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The resolution will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That any cleik to a standing committee of the
Senate, who was appointed during the month of December
las>t of thy present session of Confess, fehall receive the
u«mal per diemfrom the beginning of the session, m accord-
ance with the resolution of December 23, 1857.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its considera-
tion.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution must go over under the
rules.
Mr. BRAGG. Can a Senator object?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do object. 1 think this
practice of bringing in, at the closing hours of the
session, these resolutions for extra compensation
to the employes, is one that ought not to be en-
couraged or allowed. We had a committee on
this subject-
207
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is obliged to interpose. Objection being made to
the consideration of the resolution, it must he
over for one day, and it is not open to discussion
at all.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed on the part of
the Senate, to join t-uch committee as may be appointed
by the Hou=e of Representatives, to wait on the President
of the United States, and inform him tiiat, unless he may
have any luiihei communication to make, the two Houses
are ready to adjourn
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee on
the part of the Senate; and Mr. Bigler, Mr.
Hemphill, and Mr. Tex Eycic, were appointed.
TIIANKS TO THE VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. PEARCE subm-itted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and unanimously
agreed to:
Resolved. That the thanks of the Senate are due,andare
hereby tendeied, to Hon. John 0. Breckinridge, lor the
courteous, dignified, and unpaitiai manner in winch he has
disehaiged the responsible anaaiduousduties ot Presiding
Officer ot thib body during the present session.
CONDEMNATION OF PRIVATE PROPERTY.
Mr. GWIN. There is upon the table a bill,
which was reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, for the condemnation of private prop-
erty for public uses, which is on its third reading.
I hope it will be passed. I do not think there is
any objection to it.
Mr. HUNTER. That is too important a bill
to be taken up and passed now.
Mr. GWIN. It was fully discussed when it
was up before, and the bill reached its third read-
ing, and the question was upon its passage when
it wont over. It was reported unanimously by
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to take up the bill (S. No.
412) to provide for the taking of private property
for public uses after allowing just compensation
therefor
Mr. WILSON. We have adopted a resolution
to notify the President that we are ready to ad-
journ at twelve o'clock. This is a very important
bill; it involves important principles; and I hope
at tliis hour it will not be taken up and pressed
for consideration.
Mr. GWIN. I thought there was no objection
to the bill from any quarter. It has been reported
twice from the Committee on the Judiciary. The
last time it went over the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] had the floor upon it, intending
to make some remarks in its favor. I shall not
press it now, however, if there is any objection;
and I withdraw the motion.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 258) to grant to the parish of
Point Coupee, Louisiana, certain tracts of land in
said parish; and
A bill (H. R. No. 503) making farther appro-
priations for the support of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1860.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message farther announced that the Pres-
ident of the United Slates had this day approved
and signed the following acts and joint resolu-
tions:
An act (H. R. No. 231) for the relief of Isaac
S. Smith, of Syracuse, New York;
An act (H. R. No. 337) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Smith, of Coffee county, Tennessee;
An act (H. R. No. 557) to establish two Indian
agencies in Nebraska Territory, and ©ne in the
Territory ©f New Mexisej and
A joint resolution (H.R.No. 41) to reduce the
price of public printing.
Also, that the President approved and signed,
on the 23d instant, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No,. 339) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending tha
30th of June, 1861;
An act (H. R. No. 807) to authorize the reissue
of land warrants in certain cases, and for other"
purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 511) for the relief of E.
George Squier.
"WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That Hozeklah Miller have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
PROCLAMATION OF A SPECIAL SESSION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no other
business before the Senate, the Chair will have
read a communication from the President of the
United States.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
By the President of the United States of •America.
X proclamation.
Whereas an extraordinary occasion has occurred, render-
ins u necessary and proper that the Senate of the United
States shall be convened to receive and act upon such
communications as have been or may be made to iton tho
parr of the Executive:
Now, therefore, I, James Buchanan, President of the
United States, do issue this my proclamation, declaring
that an extraordinary occasion requires the Senate of the
United States to convene for the transaction of business at
tin.' Capitol, in tlie city of Washington, on the 28th day of
June instant, at twelve o'clock at noon of that day, ot
which all who shall then he entitled to act as members ox
that body are hereby required to take notice.
Given under my hand and the seal of the United Statea
r •, at Washington, this 25th day of June, anno Dom-
* 'J mi, 1860, and of the independence of the United
States the eighty-fourth.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
By the President;
Lew: Cass, Secretary of State.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration ofexecutive business. There
is a little matter yet to be disposed of.
The motion was agreed to; and, after seme time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe the Calendar has not
been considered at this session; and I move that
it now be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no other
business before the Senate, the Chair will take it
up as a matter of course.
Mr. PUGH. I think it is about time for u 
to send a message to the House. I move that a
message be sent to the House announcing that the *
Senate has finished its business, and is ready to
adjourn.
Mr. HALE. That is not the ordinary mode
of closing the session. There is an order already,
that when twelve o'clock arrives the Presiding
Officer shall close the session, without any mes-
sage beina; sent to the other House.
Mr. PUGH. We have generally sent a mes-
sage of that kind since I have been here; but I do
not carp about it. It is a form.
Mr. SIMMONS. It has been sent.
Mr. PUGH. Very well; I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. HALE. There is a joint resolution which
stands at the head of'the Calendar which I should
like to have disposed of. It has been standing
there for some time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first business
upon the Calendar is a resolution offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] for a
select committee to inquire into the extent of the
patronage of the President of the United States,
resulting from his power of removal and appoint-
ment, and whether that power has been exerted
to influence the legislation of Congress or control
elections in the States or Territories,
Mr. WILSON, I think it is toe late to adept
