2354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mr. PHELPS. Now I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from New York has the privilege
of entering his motion to reconsider to-day.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion was
entered sometime since.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well. The gentleman
desires to call it up to-day. Now,under the rules
of the House, this day, as well as to-morrow, are
set apart for the consideration of private bills and
private business. While a motion to reconsider
may be entered to-day, I hold it not in order to-
day to call up a motion to reconsider a vote re-
ferring a bill of a public nature, inasmuch as this
day is set apart exclusively for the consideration
of private bills and private business.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion for a moment, for the purpose of stating, for
the information of the gentleman from Missouri
and of the House, that this bill embraces a large
number of private claims now upon the Calen-
dar. The bill is in itself, sir, in the nature of a
private claim, as it embraces a largo number of
those who make application from year to year to
Congress for the passage of special acts. There-
fore the gentleman's objection does not apply. I
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. It was reported as a public
bill, and it is a public bill, as it will be seen by
inspection. There is not the name of an individ-
ual mentioned in it. It is in the nature of a gen-
eral pension bill, and therefore the motion to re-
consider cannot be called up.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 agree with the gentleman
from Missouri; but even if it were in order to take
up a motion to reconsider; yet, as soon as the
reconsideration takes place", of course the Private
Calendar takes precedence.
The Private Calendar is a special order for to-
day; and, although it is always in order to move to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union—the rule expressly says that that mo-
tion is always in order—yet the Speaker will de-
cide, and Speakers have always decided, that, if
a motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar is made on pri-
vate bill day, after a motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union is
(submitted, the motion to go into a Committee
of the Whole House will take precedence of the
other; and therefore, the mlc says, just as in the
case of motions to reconsider, that ft is always in
order to move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the slati of the Union.
Mr. FENTON. I would like to know how the
gentleman from Alabama got the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not find anybody else
occupying it.
Mr. F1CNTON. Then I call the gentleman
from Alabama to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is too late now. I am
through.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fknton] proposes to cull
up his motion to rcconsider the vote by winch
House bill No. 13 was refeired to the Committee
of tho Whole on the state of the Union. The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] raises
the pomtof order that, this being private bill day,
a general bill cannot be considered if it be objected
to. The gentleman fiom N«'\v York calls the pre-
vious question on his motion to reconsider, so that
the question is not debatable.
Mr. AlAYNAEtD. With reference to my own
vote, 1 wish to inquire whether this bill docs not
propose to cover a huge number of private claims
on the Calendar which have b<-cn continually ob-
jected to, for the reason that there should be a
general bill to cover ait of them.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. CURRY. I move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of or-
der is not yet decided.
Mr. CURRY. I thought that the Chair had
decided it.
The SPEAKER pro tcmpoj'e. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order made by the gentleman
from Missouri on the precedents, that on private
bill day any objection to a general bill wili prevent
its consideration. Although the bill in question
proposes to cover many cases of a private nature,
still it is a general bill, and the Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FENTON. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of taking up this
bill?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. FENTON. Is it m order to take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. FENTON. With great dcferencc to the
judgment of the Chair, I must take an appeal
from its decision.
Mr. CURRY. I move to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. MAYNARD. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McPheuson
and Barrett were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-seven.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw my appeal.
RESOLUTIONS OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. Q.UARLES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the resolutions of the Tennessee Legisla-
ture, requesting the Senators and Representatives
in Congress from that State to use every legiti-
mate effort to procure the negotiation and ratifi-
cation of a treaty with Great Britain for the ren-
dition of fugitive slaves from labor; which were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Q.UARLES nls/"  naked leave to introduce
the petition of Elijah Dawson, of the Stat© of
Tennessee, for reference to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The SPEAKER pro tempore* That can be
done under the rules.
HENRY WOODS.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar
be discharged from the further consideration of
joint resolution No. 35, for the relief of Henry
Woods.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 call for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. MOORHEAD. If the gentleman from
Georgia will hear the report in this case, I am
sure Ik: will not object. The joint resolution
■ makes no appropriation. I hope the gentleman
from Georgia will withdraw his objection.
Air. GAltTRELL. I cannot. J insist on the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore announced that
the l egular order of business was the call of com-
mittees for reports of a private character.
J. J. LINTS.
Air. TAPPAN,from theCommittecof Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 223) for the relief of J. J.
Lints; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
VAN CAMP, CIIAFIN, AND OTHERS.
Air. ELY, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Van Camp, Chapin, and
others; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
M. V. JONES.
Air. WALTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of M. V. Jones, late
collector of customs for the port of Wilmington,
North Carolina; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH Off YORKTOWN.
Mr. AIOORE, of Alabama, from the samecom-
mittee, reported back the petition of the trustees
of the Presbyterian church in Yorktown, West-
chester county, and asked that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration thereof,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
It was so ordered.
HARRIET BEARD.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee,reported
a bill for the relief of Harriet Beard, widow of
James Beard, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
ADOLPII RENARD.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report in the case of Adolph Renard;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
JAMES TALBOTT.
Air. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of
James Talbott, late register of the land office at
Indianapolis, in the State of Indiana; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
LEE AND JOIIN DEATHERAGE.
Mr. THAYER, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (S. No. 87) for the relief of Lee Death-
crage and John Deatherage and their legal repre-
sentatives; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
TIIOMAS L. DISIIAROON.
Mr. THAYER., from the same committee, also
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass,a bill (S.No. 25G) for the relief of Thomas L.
Disharoon, of St.,Louis county, Missomi; which
was referred to a Committee of the Wholu House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
NOTARIES PUBLIC.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back, from the Committee
for tho DistrictofColumbia, abill (H. li. No. 622)
to authorize notaries public in the District of Co-
lumbia to take acknowledgments of deeds for the
conveyance of real and personal estate therein.
The bill is short, of but a single section, and it is
one of great importance, I am told, to the citizens
of this District. I ask that it be put upon its
passage.
Air. CRAIG, of Atissouri. I raise the point
of oider that that js not a private bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order. The bill cannot be re-
ceived.
It. F. BLOCKER AND OTHERS.
Air. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (S. N. 114) for the lelief'of
R. P. Blocker, F. J. Gurley, and J. F. Davis, I
am instructed by the committee to ask that the bill
be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
War to pay to the above-named parties the sum
of $1,000 in full for their claim against the United
States for professional services in defending Lieu-
tenant Anderson and his detachment, who were
arrested and tried for a criminal oflonso alleged to
have been committed while acting under the or-
ders of the commanding officer in Texas, during
the year 1854.
Air. BRANCH. I make the pomtof orderthat
that bill makes an appropriation, and must go to
a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, under
the rules, must first be considered m a Committee
of the Whole House.
Air. BINGIIAA4. I desire to say a word in
explanation of the bill.
Air. BRANCH. I have no objection to the
gentleman's making a statement, provided I do
not lose my riffht to insist on my point of order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Debate is out of order;
and if one gentleman debates the bill, others will
wish to do so.
Air. BRANCH. I insist on my point of or-
der.
Mr. BINGHAM. If gentlemen will hear me,
I aiu sure they will pass the bill unanimously.
Air. BRANCH. I have no objection to the
gentleman makingastatement, but I do not waive
my point of order.
Air. BINGHAM. I shall not occupy more
than three minutes.
Air. EDWARDS. I objcct to the statement,
if the gentleman from Noith Carolina insists on
his point of order. It is only wasting the unie
of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is mot wasting time.
