3298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
that resolution now, [laughter,] and I move to lay-
it on the tabic.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next business
on the Calendar is a motion of the Senator from
California [Mr. Gwin] to refer to a select com-
mittee that portion of the President's message re-
lating to a railroad to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate take a
recess until ten minutes of twelve o'clock.
CHICAGO HARBOR.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this would be a
good time to dispose of a motion to reconsider a
joint resolution, which has passed both Houses of
Congress, directing the Secretary of the Treasury
to expend the balance of an appropriation made
for the improvement of the pier and light-house
at Chicago. I think we have time to dispose of
that between now and twelve o'clock; and I move
that it be taken up.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suppose the Senator means
by twelve o'clock to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should hope by twelve
o'clock to-day.
Mr. SLIDELL. I trust the time of the Senate
will not be consumed with that matter.
Mr. DAVIS. Wc have got into such a vice
of special orders, and taking up things out of their
order, that when, in the last hour of the session,
I ask for the consideration of the Calendar, it is
immediately followed by motions to take up sub-
jects out of their order. I shall vote against it,
whatever it may be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the joint resolution (H. I'. No. 11) providing for
the manner of expending the balance of the ap-
propriation for repairing the works and piers, m
order to preserve and secure the light-house at
Chicago, was passed.
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Pennsylvania to move
that the Senate take a recess until ten minutes
before twelve o'clock?
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will put
the question on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The Vice President resumed the Chair at ten
minutes before twelve o'clock.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts and resolution:
An act (S. No. 113) for the relief of Eh W.
Goff;
An act (S. No. 258) to grant to the parish of
Point Coupee, Louisiana, certain tracts of land in
said parish; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 31) explanatory of
„ the eighth section of the act of Congress approved
February 28, 1859.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
President of the United States had approved and
signed this day the following acts:
An act (II. R. No. 501) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861; and
An act (H. R. No. 503) making further appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1860.
notification to hie president.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a resolution for, the appointment of a
committee to join the committee appointed on the
the part of the Senate to wait on the President of
the United States and inform him that, unless he
may have any further communication to make,
the two Houses are ready to adjourn; and had
appointedMr. John Sherman of Ohio, Mr. Sam-
uel S. Cox of Ohio, and Mr. Luther C. Carter
of New York, the committee on the part of the
House.
CHICAGO HARBOR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
the attention of the Senate to the joint resolution
which was acted upon before the recess. The
Senator from Illinois moved t® take up the joint
resolution in regard to the pier at CSucago. The
question was on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] to l'econsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed. The vote
as entered, and probably as put by the Chair was,
will the Senate reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was passed, and the Chair declared it
determined in the negative. The effect of that is
to refuse to reconsider the vote passing the res-
olution, and the resolution remains passed, and
will go back to the House of Representatives; but
the Chair thinks it due to himself and to the Senate
to say that he supposed the vote of the Senate to
be adverse to taking any action on the resolution.-
He supposed that to be the purpose of the Sen-
ate, and directed the Secretary not to send the
resolution back to the House of Representatives
until the expiration of the recess, that the Senate
might determine the question.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the resolution lie on
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under the circumstances,
I suppose it would be but fair to take the question
over again, as there was a misapprehension in
regard to it. I understood the Chair to put the
question on the reconsideration; but if there be a
misunderstanding, I think it would be fair to have
the question put over again; and I hope the Sen-
ate will allow it to be put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senate shall
take no action after the explanation just made by
the Chair, he will direct the joint resolution to be
sent to the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; I am satisfied
with it as it is.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the question will be put
to the Senate. There was clearly a misunder-
standing
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was no misunder-
standing except on the part of the Presiding Offi-
cer. The Senate refused to reconsider, but the
Presiding Officer misunderstood the decision, and
did notsend the resolution to the House, or other-
wise it would have been sent. That I understand
to be the condition of it.
Mr. DAVIS. The question was put by the
Chair, but it was not considered as disposing of
the motion and sending it to the House of Rep-
resentatives, in point of fact, but leaving it upon
the table. I therefore think it better that the ques-
tion should be again put, ill order that it may be
understood.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Trumbull.) With-
draw your motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be very glad to
have the motion to reconsider withdrawn, but I
did not make it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to re-
consider was made by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By my colleague, not by
myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion was
made by the Senator from Illinois who is absent.
Mr. PUGli. Tlie better way would be to set
aside this resolution, as the vote was taken under
a misapprehension, and let it lie. It is a great
deal better for it to let it lie as it is than have it i
passed; because, if passed at this hour, it will not |
be signed. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was believed by i
the Chair that there was a mistake in the vote;
and hence he suggests that, by unanimous con-
sent, the last vote be considered withdrawn, and
the resolution lie on the table.
Mr. PUGII. And then the resolution stands
on a motion to reconsidcrr
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
I stands on the motion to reconsider, if that be the
| sense of the Senate. ["Agreed."] The Chair
will so regard it.
final adjournment.
Mr. BIGLER, from the committee appointed
to join such committee as may lie appointed on
the part of the House of Representatives, to wait
upon the President of the United States and in-
form him that, unless he may have any further
communication to make, the two Houses of Con-
gress are now ready to adjourn, reported that the
committee had performed the duty assigned them,
and that the President replied that he had no
further communication to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators: Before
the final adjournment, I beg you to accept my
grateful acknowledgments for the resolution unan-
imously passed this morning, in which you ex-
pressed your satisfaction at the manner in which
I had discharged the duties of the Chair; and now,
in obedience to the joint resolution of Congress,
I declare the Senate adjourned without day.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 25, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate have disagreed to the
amendment of the House to the first amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 503)
making further appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30,1860, further insist on their third amend-
ment disagreed to by the House, ask a further
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and have appointed Mr. Sltoell,
Mr. Thomson, and Mr. Hale, the managers of
the Senate on the said conference.
That the Senate have passed bills and a resolu-
tion of the following titles:
An act (H. II. No. 339) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Smith, of Coft'ee county, Tennessee;
An act (H. R. No. 557) to establish two Indian
agencies m Nebraska Territory, and one in the
Territory of New Mexico;
An act (II. R. No. 818) for the relief of Wil-
liam A. Linn's estate; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 41) to reduce the
price of the public printing.
Also, that the President did, on the 23d instant,
approve and sign bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 30) for the relief of Sheldon
McICnight;
An act (S. No. 199) to authorize the location
of certain warrants for bounty lands heretofore
issued; and
An act (S. No. 295) for the relief of William B.
Shubrick.
Mr. COLFAX. I move that the House con-
cur in the request of Senate for a committee of
conference on the bill of the House making ap-
propriations for deficiencies in the service of the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, I860.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed, as
managers at such confcrence on the part of the
House, Mr. William A. Howard, Mr. Love,
and Mr. Grow.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BLAIR, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Emolled Bills, reported as truly en-
rolled bills of the folio wing ti ties; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 818) for the relief of Wil-
liam A. Linn's estate;
An act (S. No. 31) explanatory of the eighth
section of the act of Congress approved February
28, 1859;
An act (H. R. No. 557) to establish two Indian
agencies in Nebraska Territory, and one ill the
Territory of New Mexico;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 41) to reduce the
price of public printing; and
An act (H. R. No. 337) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Smith, of Coffee county, Tennessee.
message from the president.
A message was lcceived from the President of
the United States, by James Buchanan, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the blouse that the Pres-
ident did, on the 23d instant, approve and sign
bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 339) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861;
An act (H. R. No. 511) for the relief of E.
George Squier, of New York; and
An act (H. R. No. 807) to authorize the re-
issue of land warrants in certain cases, and for
other purposes.
