390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Mr. GARTRELL. Certainly.
Mr< KEITT. Occupying a position independ-
ent of party obligations, I wish to answer a ques-
tion which has been asked members on this side
of the House. It is, whether those who sup-
ported Mr. Maynard or Mr. Boteler. accepted
the American party by that act. 1 answer, no;
but I do charge that those who support Mr. Sher-
man, the nominee of the Republican party, be-
come Republicans by that single act. The dis-
tinction is this: the hostile and aggressive attitude
assumed by the Republican party on the question
of slavery—an attitude hostile and aggressive
against both the South and the Constitution—has
rallied in a common opposition to it all the other
parties on this floor, thus announcing to the coun-
try that all party divisions and party distinctions
gave way for the time before a combined opposi-
tion to the common enemy. The Democrat, then,
who votes for an American, or the American who
votes for a Democrat, only says, that, being driven
to a choice, he selects the party which is the nearest
to him; and this too, only to carry out his opposi-
tion to the Republican organization. The Repub-
lican party is our common enemy, and, therefore,
we cafti unite without absorption. But it is not the
same with any one who votes for the Republican
nominee. By that vote, he declares that the ex-
treme and fanatical attitude of that party upon the
question of slavery approaches nearer to his own
attitude than that of any of the other parties, and
that he sympathizes more closely with its views.
Anyone who concurs with the Republicans in their
policy touching the question of slavery, concurs
with them in the only part of their policy which is
vital, and common to all of the members of that
party, and is, and must be, a Republican. Parties
may combine against a foe common to them all
without being abibrbed, but individuals who go
over to the enemy, in the very crisis of the fight,
are of the enemy, and must be so held. At this
stage of the contest, now, and upon this floor, it
is only Republicanism and anti-Republicanism,
and whoever acts with the Republicans, accepts
that party against all the parties now in opposition
to it. Let every number take his responsibility,
without slippery evasion or juggling finesse.
Mr. GARTRELL. I decline further interrup-
tions, except for personal explanations. I now
come to my second proposition.
Mr. FERRY. I understand the gentleman from
Georgia to say that the exclusion of slavery from
the Territories, by act of the Territorial Legisla-
tures, would be in violation of that provision of
the Constitution of the United States which for-
bids the taking private property without compen-
sation. Now, as the States arc, equally with the
Territories, subject to the operation of the Consti-
tution, I wish to inquire whether it is the position
of the gentleman, as it was that of the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] the other day, that
the laws of the free States abolishing or exclud-
ing slavery, are also within the prohibition of the
Constitution to which I have alluded?
Mr. GARTRELL. I have already stated, and
I supposed I was understood, that the States were
sovereign, and that they had a right to determine
this question for themselves.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope the gentleman will
not interrupt me. I will endeavor to make myself
understood. I speak for myself; I am not here to
speak on this gra\o question for any party. X
dppak my own sentiments and my own convic-
tions as a southern man, and am responsible for
them to the people 1 represent.
Now, sir, I pass on. I said that my second
proposition was to show that the rights 1 had en-
deavored to define as being inherent in the south-
ern people are assailed, boldly, violently, and
alarmingly, if you please, by the Republican
party. How is this fact established? I desire to
ask the attention of gentlemen on all sides of the
House, and particularjv the gentlemen on the
other side, to the position assumed, as I under-
stand, by the great sectional northern Republican
party; and then I intend to put it to you, as can-
did men,as honest men, as freemen, to savin your
hearts, in your conscicnces, if your rights were
thus assailed, whether you could or would submit.
Now, sir, what do we hear? I shall not under-
take to prove the sentiments I charge upon the
Black Republican party by a resort to the declara-
tions of such demented agitators us Cheever, Gar-
rison, and Giddings, or any of that class of ultra
Abolitionists, but, wfll take the declarations of
northern men, who, by their position here, I may
safely assume, are exponents of Republican prin-
ciples; and then, by living witnesses, I propose
to show to you of this House, and to this great
country, that if these assaults are continued we
cannot be expected to submit.
For the purpose of accomplishing that purpose,
I shall go no farther'back than the year 1848—to
the celebrated Buffalo convention—and, in this
connection, I am gratified to hearthe distinguished
gentleman from New York, [Mr. John Coch-
rane,] who is upon this floor an honor to his
constituents and an honor to the country. I am
gratified that he has repudiated the doctrines an-
nounced by that convention. .That convention,
which if T am not mistaken, was presided over by
the Hon. Charles Francis Adams, now an hon-
ored member upon this floor, and who, if I fecol-
lectcorrectly, was its nominee for Yice President,
declared as follows:
"Resolvedj That the true and, m the judgment of this
convention, the only hale means of preventing the exten-
sion of slavery into territory now free, to prohibit its
existence in all such territory by an act of Congress.
" Resolved, That we accept the i«sue which the slave
power has forced upon us; and to their demand for more
slave States and more slave Territories, our calm, but final
answer is, no more slave States and 310 slave Territory."
What issue has the slave power ever forced
upon the North? To what issue do you refer?
As far back as 1848, the Abolitionists made
this declaration. The Republican members say
they do not belong to the Abolition party. Why,
gentlemen, you not only belong to the Abolition
party, as understood at that time; you not only
avow the sentiments then proclaimed; but you
have actually, upon these questions, stolen their
thunder. Vou avowed in your convention of
1856, sentiments as objectionable as those in 1848,
proclaimed by the most rabid Abolitionists of the
North.
Mr. HASKIN. Will thegentlcman from Geor-
gia allow me for a moment to make a statement
m reference to the position of parties in 1848 ?
Mr. GARTRELL. I cannot yield now.
Mr. HASfcClN. 1 merely desired to say 
Mr. GARTRELL. I cannot yield; and i state
now that I deny the right of any gentleman to
interrupt me, and to have his remarks, against my
authority, incorporated into my speech.
Mr. HASKIN. 1 merely wished to define the
position which the Barnburners occupied in 1848.
That is all. If the gentleman declines to yield, I
will not interrupt him.
Mr. GARTRELL. I certainly must decline.
The gentleman can get the floor when 1 have done,
and I will give him a very patient hearing. Now,
sir, these resolutions declare hostility to what I
have asserted, and sincerely believe, to be the con-
stitutional rights of the South. But, furthermore,
at the very next presidential election, m 1852, I
find a convention nominating John P. Halk, for
the Presidency, and in their resolutions, after de-
nouncing slavery us a sin ugainst God, proceed as
follows:
"That the fugitive slave act of 1850 is repugnant to the
Constitution, to the principles of the common law, to the
spirit of Christianity, and to the sentiments of the civilized
world. We, therefore, deny its binding force upon the
Aineriean people, and demand its immediate and total re-
peal."
That was the position of the then Abolition
party of the North in 1852, and I will say to you
that'it is the position pf the Republican party to-
day. But you arc afraidrto go into the contest of
I860 with the announcement on your part that it
is your intention to repeal the fugitive slave law.
.There is, however, abundant evidence of that fact;
and if there is to be a triumph of the Republican
party in the country, which God forbid, the result
will show that I am right, that it is the purpose
of that party to repeal or modify that last small
guarantee under the Constitution left to the slave
States.
Mr. STANTON. I hope there will be a dis-
tinct understanding between the gentleman and
this side. I understood him to say, in the outset
of his speech, that he would be glad to bo cor-
rected when he was wrong. If he does not want
to be corrected let him say so, and we will not
interrupt him.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will allow you to put
yourselves right.
Mr. STANTON AJ11 have to say is that the
gentleman from Georgia is quoting from the plat-
forms of parties which I made war upon and re-
sisted with all my power. Nine out of ten of
the voting population of the free States, sir, voted
against the candidates who ran upon the platform
from which he has read and applied to us.
Mr. GARTRELL. I am gratified to hear it.
But, sir, I will show the gentleman in a moment
where he stands. Did not the Ohio convention
indorse identically the same sentiments in oppo-
sition to the fugitive slave act ?
Mrt STANTON. The gentleman desires me
to make a statement; I prefer not to do it in a sin-
gle categorical answer.
Mr. GARTRELL. I state that it did, and I
defy contradiction; when I have done the gentle-
man can get the floor, and then show, if he can,
wherein 1 am wrong.
I refer now to "the celebrated platform of the
Republican party, adopted at Philadelphia, in
1856. The nominee of that convention, John C.
Fremont, a mere political adventurer, as has been
remarked, received at the North, with a few votes
from the South, one million three hundred and
forty-one thousand eight hundred and twelve
votes. I intend to argue this question fairly; and,
♦if you will permit me, I will state that my inten-
tion in stating this fact, and quoting from the Phil-
adelphia platform, is to show that the sentiments
there expressed are the sentiments of a majority
of the northern people; and that, unless those
sentiments are corrected, and the national Dem-
ocratic party North as well as South in the coming
contest of this year shall triumph and drive back
fanaticism, the "Constitution will be engulfed, and
wo of the South will be forced to fall back upon
our reserved rights, and to defend them as best
we may. What does that convention declare? I
want the country to mark it. It declares:
ii That we deny the authority of Congress, of a Territo-
rial Legislature, of any individual, or association of indi-
viduals, to give legal existence to slavery m any Territory
ot' the United States, while the present Constitution shall
be maintained." ^
I ask you, gentlemen, does that express the sen-
timent of the Republican party? Nobody will
deny that it docs. Let us go a little further. They
resolve—
" That the Constitution confers upon Congress sovereign
power over the Territories of the United States for their
government; and that, m the exercise of this power, it is
both the right and the duty of Congress to prohibit m the
Territories those 4 twin relics of barbarism—polygamy and
slavery.
I care nothing about your opposition to polyg-
amy ; perhaps you are more sensitive on that sub-
ject than wc are. But when you assault the insti-
tution of slavery, which has been sanctioned by
the approval of your fathers and mine, and is sus-
tained by the Constitution of the country; when
you denounce it as a crime, I tell you that you
ought not to expect, at least so far as I am con-
cerned, for one, you need not expcct, tame sub-
mission to such insult and aggression. I deny
that you have a right to interfere with the question
of slavery anywhere. You have not slavciyat
home; we say nothing against that. The slave
power, as you designate us, interposed no objec-
tion to the abolition of slavery in your midst. We
say to you, if you want slavery, take it; but, if
you do not, then abolish it. It is a matter for
your consideration, and not for ours. We do want
slavery; and, sir, in the language of one of South
Carolina's distinguished statesmen and patriots,
I tell you for the future, that, if you "dare assail
that institution, you wan tonlyinvndc our peace,"
and that we will resist such lnteiference at every
hazard. That is our declaration, and we will make
it good.
I desire to call the attention of gentlemen to
the opinions of the leading representative men of
the Republican party, cotemporaneous with this
action of your conventions, State and national—
conventions representing northern States only. In
addition to what I have read, what do your states-
men say? There is William H. Seward, the
great leader of your party, the head and front of
it; a man of giant intellect—a man whose intel-
lect is equaled only by his perfidy to the Consti-
tution of his country—„wjiat does he say? If I
misrepresent him, f ask to be corrected. He
says:
" It [slavery] can and must bp abolished, and you and I
must do it."
Who is that appeal made to ? The great leader
