1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
The SPEAKEJR. - The gentleman from North
Carolina hias the floor in his own right. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee withdrew his motion, and
the gentleman from North Carolina obtained the
floor and offered his amendment.
Mr. WHITELEY. I hope the gentleman will
..not move the previous question. The Delegate
from Utah wants to be heard on the subject.
Mr. BRANCH. I now offer my amendment.
Mr. WHITELEY. Let the original bill be
read, and then let us have the amendment read.
The bill was read. The preamble recites that
it is admitted that polygamy is permitted by the
municipal regulations of one of the Territories of
this Union, and is sought to bo justified on the
ground that this abomination in a Christian coun-
try is a religious rite of the inhabitants of said
Territory; and that no principle of self-govern-
ment or citizen sovereignty can require or justify
the practice of such moral pollution. The bill
therefore cnacts that if any person, being married
and an inhabitant of any Territory of the United
, States, or other place over which the United States
possess exclusive jurisdiction, shall intermarry
or cohabit with any other person or persons, or
live with any person or persons as partners, ac-
knowledging conjugal relations, the former hus-
band or wife being alive, he, she, or they, so of-
fending, shall,on conviction thereof, pay a fine not
exceeding $500, and be imprisoned not less than
two years nor more than five years; provided,
nevertheless, that this section, or anything therein
contained, shall not extend to any person whose
husband or wife shall absent him or herself one
from the other for the space of five years, the, one
of them not knowing the other to be living within
that time, nor to any who shall be, at the time of
such marriage, divorced by competent authority,
or to any whose former maniage, by sentence of
competent authority, shall have been declared
void.
The second section disapproves and annuls an
ordinance of the provisional government of the
State of Drseret, so called, entitledi( An ordinance
incorporating the Church of Jesus Chriat of Lat-
ter Day Saints," passed February 8, 1851, and
adopted, reenactcd, and made valiu, by the Gov-
ernor and Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Utah, by an act, passed January 10, 1855, en-
titled " An net in relation to the compilation and
revision of the laws and resolutions in forco in
Utah Territory, their publication and distribu-
tion j'^nnd all other acts and parts of arts hereto-
fore passed by the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Utah which establish, support, main-
tain, shield,or countenance,polygamy; provided,
that this act shall be so hunted and construed as
not to affect or interfere with the right of prop-
erty legally acquired under the ordinance hereto-
fore mentioned, nor the right u to worship God
acroiding to the dictates of conscience," hut only
to annul all acts and laws which establish, main-
tain, protect, or countenance, the practice of po-
lygnmy,evasivelycalled spiritual marriage, how-
ever disguised by legal or ecclesiastical solemni-
ties, sacraments, ccremonics, consecrations, or
othei contrivances.
The Clerk then read Mr. Branch's amend-
ment, as follows:
tftrike out the preamble and first suction of the bill, and
4 invert m li<*U thereol tin1 following*
We enacted hy f/ie Senate and IIousc of Representatives
of the United Stoics m Congress assembled^ Thai the third
and i'ourtJi M^tiona ol the act entitled " An aet to establish
u territorial government for Utah." approved 9th of fcjep-
tumber, IH.'it), be, and the same arc heti-bv, repealed.
St:e. 2. J$nd be tt further fiwiicrf, That heieatter the
legislative povvcj, as deiined m>d limited In paid act. shall
he vested in the Governor and thuteen ot the most fit and
decreet persons of tin; Teuitory, to he called the Legisla-
tive Council, who shall be appointed biennially by the Pres-
idents!* the United States, bv and with the advice and ewi-
bont of thy Senate, lroin among the citizen* of the United
State* residing therein, and without leiereuee u  any du -
tiicw which have heretofore been laid otf
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further cnaetcd, That the first appoint-
ment* under this act shall be made on or belore the 4th of i
March, 1861, ori which day said appointments shall take
effect
Mr.'BRANCH. Mr.Speaker,I hold thefloorhy
the courtesy of the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Nelson,] and, in accordance with his
wishes, I shall consume but a few moments m ex-
planation of the amendmentwhichl have offered to
this bill. It will be observed that the bill reported
from the Judiciary Committee contains two sec-
tions, each section having; a distinct object in view.
The first section proposes to make polygamy a
criminal offense throughout all the Territories of
the United States. The second section proposes
to disapprove and annul certain acts of the Terri-
tory oi Utah, sanctioning and upholding polyga-
my. The amendment that I propose is to strike
out so much of the bill reported by the committee
as proposes to render polygamy criminal in all
the Territories of the United States, and to retain
only so much of it as disapproves and annuls all
laws of the Territory of Utah sanctioning and per-
mitting polygamy. We have a right, Mr. Speak-
er, to disapprove and annul those laws of Utah,
because that right has been expressly reserved by
the act organizing that Territory. I have no dif-
ficulty in votingforanybill whicnshalldisapprove
and annul those acts. There is nothing in any
such bill that would be a violation of the rights of
Utah, or of any great principle that has been laid
down for the guidance of the legislation of the
country in reference to the Territories.* The ques-
tion whether we shall pass a general law rendering
criminal this practice in all the Territories of the
Union, brings up a different class of considerations
altogether. I will suggest to my friends upon this
side of the House, that if we can render polygamy
criminal, it may be claimed that we can also ren-
der criminal that other " twin relic of barbarism,"
slavery, as it is called in the Republican platform
of 1856. I therefore cannot vote for any pro-
vision that will make a general law in regard to
polygamy applicable to all the Territories of the
Union; and l feel less hesitation in pursuing this
course, because we are not without a remedy
against polygamy, as complete as, and, in my
opinion, more elective than, a law of Congress
declaring it criminal.
There are two modes, sir, in which we can
reach this practice—a practice which has been
well declared by the committee to be condemned
by the public, sentiment of the civilised world, and
condemned by the legislation of the civilized
world. One mode is by a total repeal of the ter-
ritorial government of Utah. In case we adopt
that course, two courses would still be open to us
in carrying out that policy. We could either at-
tach Utah to the adjacent Territories, or wc could
put the people of Utah under the general laws that
nave been passed for the government of our citi-
zens occupying the unorganized territory of the
Union. *
1 object to the lattermode; because, if they are
put under those general laws, they are brought
before Congress for all their local and municipal
regulations. Instead ofrelievingoursclves of trou-
ble, we only bring additional trouble upon our-
selves and additional consumption of the public
time, with greatly increased opportunities to dis-
turb the peace of the Union.
The other mode which I suggest—to attach
them to the adjacent Territories—is open to equal-
ly grave and serious difficulties. There is no Ter-
ritory lying adjacent to them, that they can be
attached to, that they would not be able by their
superior numbers to-control and mold according
to their own views 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. BRANCH. I will, sir.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. With reference to
the last remark of the gentleman from North
Carolina, concerning the Territories adjacent to
Utah, I desire to say that the Committee on Ter-.
ritones now have that subject under considera-
tion, and I announce to this House that different
opinions prevail on the subject. I tlnnk that
there are Territories around Utah of sufficient
strength to control the political as well as the
moral action of that Territory in the law-making
power; and it is now m contemplation—what will
dc the result I know not, but the Committee on
Territories are now investigating the propriety of
parceling out that Territory, and destroying its
Government, with a view to put a stop to these
enormities which they have the credit of commit-
ting, and their depredations upon the citizens of
this country. *
Air. BRANCH. I am still of the opinion—al-
though I have great respect for the opinion of the
gentleman from Missouri upon this question—I
am still of the opinion that it is not possible, in
the nature of things, that any of our unsettled
territories adjacent to the Territory of Utah can
have a sufficient population to control the Mor-
mon population. Wg&cannot, let it be remem-
bered, attach them to California, because Cali-
fornia is a State, and would refuse, as she has a
right under the Constitution to refuse, to revive
them. The only course that we could pursue
would be to attach them to some Territory either
at present organized, or to carve out and organize
a Territory adjacent, with a view to absorb and
control them. I am, therefore, obliged to discard
all consideration of the project of repealing the
territorial government of Utah, with a view to
control them, either by direct legislation of Con-
gress as persons occupying the unorganized ter-
ritory of the Union, or to attach them to the ad-
jacent Territories. *
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the gentleman from North
Carolina to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object, and rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina is speaking in the time extended to him at
the instance of the Committee on the Judiciary.
If this thing is to go on, we shall be deprived of
the right of making any further report at all.
Mr. BRANCH. I recognize the fact that I am
speaking by the courtesy extended to me; and if
objection be made, I cannot yield the floor to any
one.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must object.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to say to the House 
Mr. BRANCH. I must decline to yield the
floor. I obtained the floor with the understanding
that I was to occupy it but a short time.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish the courtesy of the
House for one moment to enable me to say, that
when this bill was before the Judiciary Commit-
tee I was ill, confined to my house, and not able
to be present in the committee room. I now wish
to state that I am opposed to one feature of the
bill. I believe wc have no power to pass a crim-
inal law which is to operate within the Territory
of Utah, or within any other organized Territory
of the United States. I am, however, in favor of
any measure which will lead to the extermination
of this evil; and, therefore, I shall most cheer-
fully go for the amendment proposed by my friend
from JNorth Carolina.
Mr BRANCH. Now, Mr. Speaker, I must
decline to yield the-floor further. I must be al-
lowed to procced with my remarks without fur-
ther interruption. Now, sir, I have disposed, as
I conceive, of two plans which have been pro-
posed. The third plan is the one embraced in
my amendment. It is not only to deprive the acts
already passed by the Territorial Legislature of
Utah, sanctioning or permitting the practice of
polygamy, of their legal authority, but to control
future legislation* by taking into our hands the
appointment of the law-making power for that
Territory, so as to prevent the passage of any
more similar laws.
This, Mr. Speaker, isno newpolicy in reference
to the Territories of the Union. The earliest in-
stance of a territorial government that we have
in our history is that crcated by tbe ordinance of
1787 for the Territories northwest of the Ohio.
Accordinging to that ordinance, two stages ofter-
ritonal government were provided for. In the
first stage the legislative power was vested in the
Governor and judges of the Territory, who were
appointed by the President.
But whenever a Territory had attained a pop-
ulation of five thousand inhabitants, they were
authorized to elect one branch of their Territorial
Legislature. So far as I am informed, in no single
instance in the early history of the Government
was any Territory, in its incipient stage, allowed
to elect both branches of its Legislature. The first ,
instance, 1 believe, of allowing an incipient Terri-
tory to elect both branches of its Legislature was
in the wise of the territorial government of Wis-
consin m 1836. That, sir, inaugurated a total rev-
olution in our territorial policy. Our fathers never
held that the people of a Territory had the right to
exercise sovereign power over the portion of the
public lands which they occupied. Never until
183G, I repeat, was any incipient Territory allowed
to elect the members of both branches of their
Territorial Legislature.
I have before me a list of the Territories which
received their early training under that system;
they are Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Tennessee,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Missouri, Alabama, Ark-
ansas,and Florida. These Territories all passed
their tutelage, or a portion of it, under the salu-
tary restraints of systems of government conform-
