1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the Republican party tells the northern masses,
in a public speech, that slavery must be abolished.
Said he: "You, you northern men, must abol-
ish it." Abolish it where? Abolish it in the
Territories? You deny that it can exist there.
Abolish it in the District of Columbia? The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] says that that
is not their object. Abolish it where ? In the
States. Thatis where heproposes to interfere with
it; and there is where John Brown and his fol-
lowers inaugurated this policy. He goes on:
" Correct your own error that slavery has consti#tional
guarantees which may not be released and ought not to be
relinquished." * * * u you will soon bring the
parties of the country into an effective aggression upon
slavery."
Mr. Clerk, I am too much fatigued, being un-
well to-day, to review these positions as fully as
I intended; I may do so more at length on another
occasion when less interrupted in the course of
my remarks.
I have the declaration of another of one of your
representative men, not of an Abolitionist, not of
such as you, yourselves, call fanatics. Hear the
words of a man who is in your confidence, who
has received your suffrages; and been elevated to
the highest position within the gift of the people
of his own State. Senator Wade, of Ohio, says:
il There is really no union now between the North and
the South, and he believed no two nations upon the earth
entertain feelings of more bitter rancor toward each other
than these two nations of the Republic. The only salva-
tion of the Union, therefore, was to be found in divesting
it entirely from all taint of slavery."
I. call the attention of the Representatives from
Ohio to the declaration of the present Executive
of their State. He is a leader of your party; he,
too, is a representative man of your party, and
has been but recently elected Governor of Ohio.
Is that going out of the record ? He declared
that—
" If I am elected Governor of Ohio—and I expect to be
—I will not let any fugitive be returned to Kentucky or any
other slave Slate, anil it i cannot prevent it m any other
way, as commander-in-chief of the military of the State,
1 will employ the bayonet—so help me God!"
I ask whether Governor Dennison ever uttered
such sentiments ? [Voices on the Republican Side
"No!" "No!"] I am very glad that they are
repudiated here, and that that gentleman's friends
are authorized to say that he does not entertain
any such opinions.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Georgia that I am very much obliged
to him that he has called our attention to it. I
have to say that it is a slander which was repeated
by the Democratic papers of Ohio prior to the
election, but which Mr. Denmson repeatedly,
unreservedly, and most emphatically denied upon
the stump.
Mr. GARTRELL. I am gratified to hear it.
I have reported it as it was reported to me.
Mr. COX. I have heard Governor Dennison
deny that he made any such statement; but justice
demands that I should say that the report was
based upon the affidavit of two most credible citi-
zens of the third congressional district of Ohio,
represented by my colleague, [Mr. Vallandig-
ham,] who is not now present. He stated to me
that he knew the persons well who had conversed
with Governor Dennison; that he had good rea-
son to believe at the time that the statement was
correct; but that Governor Dennison denied that
he made it.
Mr. GARTRELL. That is sufficient for my
purpose.
Mr. STANTON. It was represented as a bar-
room conversation, that Governor Dennison had
made that remark; and I desire to say that my
colleague should not throw any suspicion upon
the sincerity of Governor Dennison's denial, be-
cause repeatedly in stump speeches in Ohio he
avowed his determination to execute all the laws
of the State, and that he would not permit any
interference with the execution of the laws of the
United States within the State.
Mr. HILL. I desire, with the permission of
my friend from Georgia, to ask the gentleman
from Ohio, if GovernorDcnnison had made such
a public declaration as has been imputed to him,
and if that had been generally known, would the
Republicans of that State have supported him ?
Mr. STANTON. I have no doubt it would
have lost him thousands of votes, if it had been
believed. There is no doubt of it. I certainly
do not entertain the sentiment myself. What I
might do, if compelled to choose between a politi-
cal friend and a political opponent, who uttered
obnoxious sentiments, I cannot now say.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I can say, that if it had been
known in my district that Mr. Dennison enter-
tained, and had uttered such sentiments, he would
not have received five hundred votes.
Mr. GARTRELL. I am exceedingly glad to
hear these disclaimers, but the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stanton] will not deny that Governor
Dennison is unqualifiedly opposed to the execu-
tion of the fugitive slave law.
Mr. STANTON. I deny it most unquestion-
ably. He declared upon the stump, repeatedly,
that there should be no resistance to the execu-
tion of that law.
Mr. GARTRELL. Is he opposed to the law?
Mr. STANTON. He is in favor of a modifi-
cation of it, so that it shall not be used as a pre-
text for kidnapping.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will tell you what the
people of Georgia said upon that subject in 1850.
They said if there was any material modification
of the fugitive slave law, they would rupture every
tie that binds the Union together. When gentle-
men talk about a modification of that law, I sup-
pose they mean a material alteration, for I do not
think they would stultify themselves by saying
they meant an immaterial modification. When
you speak of modification, you mean something
tangible and material. Whenever you lessen the
rights of the slaveholder for the recovery of his
fugitive slaves under the fugitive slave law now
upon the statute book, it will be a grievance which,
in my judgment, cannot be submitted to. Why,
sir, the Governor of Kentucky, in his last annual
message, announced the startling fact that the peo-
ple of that State are annually deprived of $100,000
worth of their slaves. They are decoyed into Ohio,
where they arc taken in, supported, clothed, and
sheltered, and escape beyond recovery. At the
last session of Congress I heard a gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] proclaim upon this
floor that, as long as he lived, his house should
be open to every fugitive slave.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Georgia if he is opposed to such a mod-
ification of the fugitive slave law as, while it will
not impair its efficiency, will at the same time
protect the rights of freemen ?
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 do not believe that is
practicable.. I am opposed to its being touched
at all.
Mr. STANTON. Then the gentleman will
insist upon a law which may be used for the pur-
pose of kidnapping.
Mr. GARTRELL. *1 say I am opposed, di-
rectly and indirectly,collaterally or otherwise, to
all compromises and concessions for the future.
I will never consent to any change of that law
which will in the slightest degree impair its
efficiency.
Mr. Clerk, I will detain the House but a few
moments longer, and come now to my last prop-
osition. It. is useless to pursue this inquiry fur-
ther. I might pile extract upon extract, and add
declaration to declaration, all tending to the same
end, until they would fairly bewilder the gaze of
an injured and outraged people. The issues are
fully madeup between the Republican party North
and the people of my section; and the trial be-
tween right and wrong, justice and injustice, law-
lessness and the Constitution, union and disunion,
will soon be had; and I pray God that the result
at the ballot-box may not be such as to force upon
my people the dire necessity of appealing to the
cartridge-box: for let me tell you now, and espe-
cially the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hickman,] that valiant knight who speaks of his
eighteen million people, and their auxiliaries of
war, that just so sure as the Republican party
succeeds in electing a sectional man upon their
sectional, anti-slavery platform, breathingdcstruc-
tion and death to the rights of my people, just so
sure, in my judgment, the time will have come
when the South must and will take an unmistak-
able and decided action; and that then " he who
dallies is adastard, and he who doubts is damned."
I need not tell what I, as a southern man, will
do—I think I may safely speak for the masses
of the people of Georgia—that when that event
happens, they, in my judgment, will consider it
an overt act, a declaration of war, and meet im-
mediately in convention, to take into considera-
tion the mode and measure of redress., That.is
my position; and if that be treason to the Gov-
ernment, make the most of it. While I occupy
that position, I say to you in all candor, that if
you will stay the hand of .aggression, and eease
your denunciation; if you will respect the rights
of my people, and let us alone; if you will stop
agitating this question of slavery, and the circu-
lation of incendiary documents to rouse our slaves „
to insurrection and murder, we may yet live in
peace and harmony in the future as our fathers
did in the past. If it were left to me to-day to say
what should become of this great nation, I would
respond, esto perpetua. I appeal to you people of
the North to attend to your own affairs, and to
leave us to attend to ours. If you do, we can live
in bonds of peace and fraternity; if you do not,
on your heads be the consequences.
Now, sir, in the midst of all this fanaticism,
darkness, and gloom, it would be culpable in me
not to admit that one bright ray of hope is left to
gladden the heart of the patriot. I allude to those
sound, national northern Democrats, hundreds and
thousands of whom, I am assured, are scattered all
over the northern States, whohave had the wisdom
to understand and the moral courage to defend, in
the facte of the Republican party, the constitutional
rights of the people of my country. I would be
wanting in wisdom to conceive and language to
express my admiration of those men who have,
up to this hour, been true to the rights of all the
people. The people of the South will repay with
gratitude your adherence to principle, and erect in
their hearts a monument to your devotion to fee
Constitution and to the equal rightsof all the States.
In the coming conflict, these men at the North will
be united with men of the South and East and
West, and with the Constitution for their shield,
and equal rights under the Constitution to all the
people, in the Territories and elsewhere, for their
watchword, they will march shoulder to shoulder,
conquering and to conquer, and will, 1 trust, drive
back this common enemy. If they succeed, this
gloom will disappear; the Constitution will Be
preserved; the Union will be perpetuated; and,
though the clouds lower and the rains descend,
and the thunders roll and the lightnings flash, yet
the proud pyramid of States will stand,
" Like some tall cliff that lifts its awful form,
Swells from the vale, and midway leaves the storm;
Though round its breast the rolling clouds are spread,
Eternal sunshine settles on its head."
These men may be few in numbers. Con-
quered, but undismayed, they will rally again to
do battle for the Constitution, and aid us m roll-
ing back the tide of fanaticism. I bid them God
speed in their good and patriotic work.
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman from Georgia
has made an appeal to the northern Democracy.
I belong to the northern Democracy. But I wish
to say to the gentleman that the northern De-
mocracy are true to the Union of these States;
and he must be true to it, Or else the northern
Democracy cannot stand by him., I regret, Mr.
Clerk 
Mr. GARTRELL. I did not yield to my friend
for the purpose of his reading mo a lecture.
Mr. ADRAIN. I did not intend to read the
gentleman a lecture; but I wished to set him right.
I wish him to understand that the northern De-
mocracy cannot act with the southern Democracy,
if they take the ground that the election of a Re-
publican President, according to the laws of the
country, is a sufficient cause for dissolution. I
wish the gentleman, and other southern gentle-
men, to understand that the northern Democracy
cannot act with them on ground like this. But if
they are true to the Union; if they will stand on
the Cincinnati platform and the Kansas-Nebraska
act, as construed as giving to the people of the
Territories the right to prohibit or establish sla-
very, then we may all be united; and perhaps on
such an issue in I860, with a proper candidate for
the Presidency, we will triumph. Otherwise, we
will be defeated.
Mr. GARTRELL. I believe the gentleman's
previous predictions have not been verified,
Mr. ADRAIN. I should like the gentleman to
specify. 1 recollect that, in the last Congress, I
did predict that if we attempted to force the Le-
compton constitution on the people of Kansas, it
would break down all tHfc- Democrats who sus-
tained such an issue. . .
Mr. GARTRELL. Oh, I am tired ot this play-
