THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
ing <m a harp of a thousand strings. ^Laughter.]
Every time my friend gets up here, it is Kansas
and Kansas and the Lecompton constitution 
Mr. ADRAIN. No, sir.
Mr. GARTRELL. And what some people
thought about it, and what others thought about
it. These are past issues. They are by-gones,
and I intend to bury them. They are dead, and
they stink in the nostrils of my people 
Mr. ADRAIN. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. GARTRELL. I cannot yield tor the gentle-
man. I am trespassing too long on the House.
Mr. ADRAIN. I did not intend to interrupt
you. I was speaking of the Union; that is the
harp I was playing on, and it gives the best of
music.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to the gentleman from
Georgia being interrupted.
Mr. ADRAIN. I understood the gentleman to
have yielded me the floor.
Mr. GARTRELL. I certainly did not yield
the floor, because I knew that my friend—to use
a common phrase—when he gets an inch takes
an ell. He cannot stop when he gets through.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. That is so. I am done now.
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman  permit
■me to ask him a question ? You say the Lecomp-
ton issue is dead. Permit me to ask you 
Mr. GARTRELL. My dear sir, excuse me.
[Laughter.] On some other occasion, after we
shall have elected a good, sound, conservative,
national Speaker, it will afford me very great
pleasure to discuss Lecompton with you. We
will exhume the dead body and bring it up.
Mr. HASKIN. Will you vote for the admis-
sion of Kansas at this session, notwithstanding
the English bill?
Mr. GARTRELL. That is dehors the record.
The gentleman is always getting in " ifs." That
little word "if" is a potent one with him. If
this, or if that, or if something else, if anything,
if everything, &c. I do not deal with " ifs," and
I hope the gentleman will excuse me if I do not go
out of my argument to discuss these old questions.
Mr. HASKIN. When Kansas applies for ad-
mission under the Wyandott constitution, will the
gentleman vote for her admission, notwithstand-
ing the English bill ?
Mr. GARTRELL. Sufficient for the day is
the evil thereof. You shall know my position
clearly at the time.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I trust I will be permitted to
proceed. I wish to call attention to certain reso-
lutions which I had the honor of offering as a
member of the Georgia Legislature, in 1849, and
as bearing on the question under discussion, and
which were unanimously adopted, and lmve since
been maintained by the people of Georgia without
distinction of party:
The Clerk read, as follows:
" That the Constitution grants no power to Con-
gress to piohibit tha introduction of &ln\<>iy into any Tom
tory belonging to the United States.
" Resolved, That the scvoal States of the Union acceded
to the Conledcitieyupoa terms of jicjf'«ct equality; and that
the rights, privih*#^, and immunities secured by the Consti-
tution belong alike to the people of each State.
ik Resolved, That any and all territory acquired hy the
United States, whether by discovery,purchase, tir conquest,
belongs in common to the people of each State, and thlftier
the people of each £tate and every State have a common
right to emigrate with any property they may potest?; and
fliat any restriction upon this nght which will opeiate in
favor of the people of one section to the exclusion of those
of anothei, is unjust, oppressive, and unwananted hy the
Constitution."
Mr. GARTRELL. Now, sir,u few more words
and I have done. I intended to have discussed and
to have assertc-d the clear right of the people of my
State,or of the people of any one, two, or mom
States of this Confederacy to retire from this Union
at any time, without any conditions or restrictions
whatever; that the people have reserved to them
the right of peaceable secession; that this Union,
formed by equal, independent States, by sover-
eignties, may be dissolved and discontinued by
those sovereignties, in accordance with those
great fundamental doctrines of State rights, as
announced in the Virginia and Kentucky resolu-
tions of 1798 and 1799. At another time I may,
by the permission of the House, elaborate the
positions therein contained. But, sir, the country
is familiar with them. They, in my judgment,
embody the fundamental principles of this great
constitutional Union—that the people of Georgia
er of any other State, or of any number of States,
may peaceably secede from this Union and set up
for themselves; and that any attempt upon the
part of one or more of the other States to prevent
them, would be in violation of the Constitution
which they pretend to seek to support. I am happy
to announce in this connection, that that doctrine
was incorporated into the platform of and adopted
by the national Democratic party at Cincinnati. It
stands now as a part of the creed of that great,
sound, conservative,national party, composed of
men who are as true in Illinois as they are in Geor-
gia; men who say to us of the South, "Wc will not
interfere with your rights; we intend to observe
the compacts of the Constitution. If you want sla-
very, have it; it is none of our business." I say
that this great and fundamental principle of the
right of peaceable secession, incorporated into the
Cincinnati platform, is right in principle: and that
I, as a southern man, stand upon it to-day. Itis
a great reserved right of the sovereign States to
protect them against the burdens of consolidation
and oppression.
Now, sir, there is one other point to which I
wish to allude. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Hickman,] whom T am very happy
to see in his seat, is reported in the Globe, in re-
spect to this question of disunion or secession,
as having said:
" But, if dissolution means that there is to be a division
ot territory, by Mason and Dixon's hue, or by any other line,
I pay £no;' that shall never be. I express my opinion—
and that opinion may go befoie the country, whether false
or true—when I say'no;5 the North will never tolerate
a division of the territoiy. [Applause from the Kepubliean
henohes.]
"Mr. Gartkkll. X should like to know how you are to
prevent if
u Mr. Hickm vn. I will tell you how it will be prevented.
I am neither a prophet nor the son of a prophet; but 1 ex-
press my conviction that there is as much true courage m
the North, though it may not be known by the name of
cluvahy, [son<ation;] as there is in the South."
I am glad the gentleman has, at last, in his old
age, made that discovery. Nobody has ever ques-
tioned it that I ever heard of. I do not stand hero
j to make discriminations between the courage of
northern men and southern men. 1 have enough
nationality left, I have enough Americanism left,
to proclaim everywhere to all comers and goeys,
I that the people of the North, as well as those of
| the youth, know their rights, and when invaded
by a foreign lbe they will dare maintain them. I
j1 have an abiding confidence* in the courage of the
American peoph . It is true, 1 think theie aie
1 some exceptions, and among those exceptions
maybe included those fanatics who can "scent,
a nigger m the breeze;" the men who are always
complaining of other people's woes and ills, but
who fail to correct theirown; intermeddlers, tat-
tlers, who, when the hour of trial comes, are not
to be found. So I say to you, gentlemen of the
jNorth, when you expect to come down to con-
i quer the South, do not take these Abolitionists
i with you. If you come to the South, you will
' have to come with true men. The gentleman
1 says:
| 14 Theie is as much true couia^e at tin1 North a* there is
! at the South. I always believed it, and, therefore. I will
! express it; ami I believe, sir, that with all the appliances
of art to assist, eighteen million men reared to industry,
with habits of the right kinil, wilt always be able to cope
suecossfiilly, if need' he, with eight million men without
tiiose auxiliaries.''
Tho gentleman says those eighteen million men
are reared to habits of the right kind. What
does he mean by that? Does he intimate fighting
habits f Mr. Clerk, I am notgoing into the habits
of northern or southern men. I am willing to
grant the gentleman the benefit of his discovery,
that northern men are as brave as southern men.
He says they have got habits of the right kind,
and that they have the "auxiliaries." I suppose
that means the appliances of war—Shorpe's niles,
pikes, and 
Mr. HICKMAN. If the gentleman will give
me an opportunity to do so, I will state precisely
what I did mean.
Mr. GARTRELL. I will yield if you will not
take too much time.
Mr. HICKMAN. I mean that when the time
shall come, if, indeed, it ever shall come, when
a dissolution of the Union shall be persisted ill
by the people of any State, or by the people of
many States, there will be found at that time a
settled determination to prevent such dissolution
at all costs and at every sacrifice. That is what
I mean in the first place; that we, of the Worth,
have eighteen million to your eight; that we have
all the arts to assist us; that we are inured to in-
dustry; that we can make more arms and ammu-
nition in ninety days than the South can buy:
and that more men will voluntarily enroll them
selvesunder that banner which shall have inscribed
upon it, " the Constitution and the Union," than
can be raised by conscription at the South. That
is what I mean; and I trust that there will be no
misapprehension with regard to my meaning
hereafter.
I i#ish to say a word further, and only a single
word, because I find that this is "the harp of a
thousand strings"—these eighteen million men.
Gentlemen seem to congratulate themselves here
with the idea that there is a divided North on the
subject of the maintenance of this Union. Now,
sir, what Democratic Representative is there upon
this floor who coincides in opinion with the gen-
tleman from Georgia, that the election of a Repub-
lican President—of any man constitutionally put
into the presidential cliair—will, Ipso facto, be cause
for secession? Who is there that agrees with him
here on that point? Unless they go to that extent,
and say that their people back them up in that
opinion, then I declare to-day that there is an
undivided Worth in favor of the maintenance of
the Constitution and the Union, and that at all
costs, I repeat, and at every hazard, it ihust and
will be maintained. [Applause 111 the galleries.]
Mr. GARTRELL. I have often heard that
song of the Union sung; it is stereotyped in these
debates; and, sir, the claqutrs of the gallery,
who know nothing of the Union outside of the
spoils of office, applaud whenever there is ally-
talk of the Union. You may applaud, you may
fiddle and dance and carouse when your liberties
are being swept away by this sectional party.
[Applause in the galleries.] I am glad that the
member from Pennsylvania has made his explana-
tion; I have been trying to get him upon the rec-
ord.
Mr. HICKMAN. There is no difficulty ill
getting me upon the record in reference to the
opinions I entertain. I do not want any gentle-
man upon this floor to be mistaken as to what I
mean. Whether any opinion I may entertain is
forme or against me, I will express it.
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope that the gentleman
will not further interrupt me. I have had no
chance to reply to what he stated in his first in-
terruption.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania adds insult
to injury. Says he: we have eighteen million
men, and we can make more arms than you can
buy. Why, sir, one cotton crop of Georgia would
buy all the arms in Pennsylvania. [Laughter and
applause in the galleries.]
Mr. HICKMAN took the floor.
Mr. GARTRELL. I cannot permit further
: interruption. I have already occupied more time
than I intended.
Do not gentlemen know that of the $60,000,000
of revenue raised to support this Government,
the South pays $40,000,000 and the North only
$30,000,000, and that in its distribution you get
$40,000,000 and wc only $20,000,000? We give
you, in other words, a bonus of $20,000,000 to
sing songs to the Union. It costs too much: T
can buy songs cheaper than that at home—ori-
ginal poetry at that. [Laughter.]
1 stand here no advocate of dissolution now. 1
i am no disunioiiist,per sr. I defy anybody to show-
where I ever stated, that when my rights under
the Constitution were maintained, I was in favor
of a dissolution of the Union. I am for the Union
of the Constitution, and you are against the Con-
stitution. Now, sir, when that time comes, wc
will welcome the valiant knight from Pennsylva-
nia with his eighteen million men. Will he be at
the head of a regiment ?
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman refuses to
give me the slightest opportunity to reply.
Mr. GARTRELL. I have given you the
amplest opportunity.
Mr. HICKMAN. I would like to put in a
single word here.
Mr. GARTRELL. L et me ask the gentleman
one question that will settle this controversy: If
the Republican party succeed in electing; a sec-
tional candidate, and securing the control of both
branches of the national Legislature, they abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, the slave trade
between the States, prohibit the introduction of
