8300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
with their dignity and authority, he occupies a
p-road 'position before all nations, civilized and sav-
age. "Wit-h the consent of the Senate, he appoints
all the important officers of the Government. He
exercises the veto power,.and to that extent con-
trols the legislation of Congress. For the per-
formance of these high duties he is responsible to
the people of the several States, and not in any
degree to the House of Representatives.
Shall he surrender these high powers conferred
upon him as the representative of the American
people, for their benefit, to the House, to be ex-
ercised under their overshadowing influence and
control ?■ Shall he alone, of all the citizens of the
United States, be denied a fair trial?" Shall he
alone not be "informed of the nature and cause
of the accusation" against him? Shall he alone
not "be confronted with the witnesses" against
him ? Shall the House of Representatives, usurp-
ing the powers of the Senate, proceed to try the
President, through the agency of a secret com-
mittee of the body where it is impossible he can
make any defense, and then, without affording
him an opportunity of being heard, pronounce a
judgment of censure against him ? The very same
rule might be applied, for the very same reason,
to every judge of every court of the United States.
From what part of the Constitution is this terri-
ble secret inquisitorial power derived ? No such
express power exists. From which of the enu-
merated powers can it be inferred ? It is true, the
House cannot pronounce the formal judgment
against him of "removal from office;" but they
can, by their judgment of censure, asperse his
reputation, and thus, to the extent of their influ-
ence, render the office contemptible. An example
itf at hand of the reckless manner in which this
power of censure can be employed in high party
times. The House, on a recent occasion, have
attempted to degrade the President by adopting
the resolution of Mr. John Sherman, declaring
that he, in conjunction with the Secretary of the
Navy, "by receiving and considering the party
relations of bidders for contracts, and the effect of
awarding contracts upon pending elections, have
net an example dangerous to the public safety,
and deserving the reproof of this House."
5 It will scarcely be credited that the sole pretext
for this vote of censure was the simple fact that
in disposing of the numerous letters of every
imaginable character which 1 daily receive, I had,
in the usual course of business, referred a letter
from Colonel Patterson, of Philadelphia, in rela-
tion to a contract, to the attention of the Secre-
tary, of the Navy, the head of the appropriate
Department, without expressing or intimating
any opinion whatever on the subject; and, to make
the matter, if possible, still plainer, the Secretary
had informed the committee that " die President
did not in any manner interfere in this case, nor has
he in any other case of contract since I have been in
the Department.'' The absence of all proof to sus-
tain this attempt to degrade the President, whilst
it manifests the venom of the shaft aimed at him,
has destroyed the vigor of the bow.
To return after this digression. Should the
House, by the institution of Covode committees,
votes of censure, and other devices to haiass the
President, reduce him to subservience to their
will, and render him their creature, then the well-
balanced Government which our fathers framed
.will be annihilated. This conflict has already
been commenced in earnest by the House against
the Executive. A bad precedent rarely if ever
dies, it will, I fear, be pursued in the time of
my successors, no matter what may be their po-
litical character. Should secret committees be
appointed, with unlimited authority to range over
all the words and actions, and if possible the very
thoughts of the president, with a view to discover
something in his past life prejudicial to his char-
acter from parasites and informers, this would be
an ordeal which scarcely any mere man since the
full could endure. It would be to subject him to
areign of terror from which thestoutestand purest
heart might shrink. I have passed triumph-
antly through this ordeal. My vindication is
complete The committee have reported no res-
olution looking to an impeachment against me;
no resolution of censure; not even a resolution
pointing out any abuses in any of the Executive
P^oartments of the Government to be corrected
py^$g<£}aiion« This is the highest commenda-
tion which ^c\?ld be bestowed on the heads of
these Departments. The sovereign people of the
States will, however, I trust,s^ve my succcssors,
whoever they may be, from any such ordeal.
They are frank, bold, and honest. They detest
delators and informers. J therefore, in the name
and as the representative of this great people, and
standing upon the ramparts of the Constitution
which they "have ordained and established,"do
solemnly protest against these unprecedented and
unconstitutional proceedings.
There was still another committee raised by the
House on the 6th March last, on motion of Mr.
Hoard, to which I had not the slightest objec-
tion. The resolution creating it was confined to
specific charges which I* have ever since been
ready and willing to meet. *1 have at all times
invited and defied fair investigation upon consti-
tutional principles. I have received no notice
that this committee have ever proceeded to the
investigation.
"Why should the House of Representatives de-
sire to encroach on the other departments of the
Government? Their rightful powers are ample for
every legitimate purpose. They are the impeach-
ing body. In their legislative capacity it is their
most wise and wholesome prerogative to institute
rigid examinations into the manner in which all
departments of the Government arc conducted,
with a view to reform abuses, to promote econ-
omy, and to improve every branch of administra-
tion. Should they find reason to believe, in the
course of their examinations, that any grave
offense had been committed by the President, or
any officer of the Government, rendering it proper,
in their judgment, to resoi t to impeachment, their
course would be plain. They would then trans-
fer the question from their legislative to their ac-
cusatory jurisdiction, am* take care that, in all
the preliminary judicial proceedings preparatory
to the vote of articles of impeachment, the accused
should enjoy the benefit of cross-examining the
witnesses, and all the other safeguards with which
the Constitution surrounds every American citi-
zen.
If, in a legislative investigation, it should ap-
pear that the public interest required the removal
of any officer of the Government, no President
has cvorcxifstcd who, after giving him n fair hear-
ing, would hesitate to apply the remedy.
This 1 take to be the ancient and well estab-
lished practice. An adherence to it will best pro-
mote the haimonyand the dignity of the inter-
course between the coordinate branches of the
Government, and render us all more respectable,
both in the eyes of our own countrymen and of
foreign nations. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, June 22, I860.
Mr. STANTON. The late period of the ses-
sion at which this extraordinary document is pre-
sented to the House of Representatives prevents
any discussion upon it. It will be spread upon
the archives of the nation. The source from which
it comes demands for it a respectful consideration
and treatment; and if the doctiiuc that it lays
down, of executive immunity fiom all supervis-
ion upon the part of the Representatives of the 1
people, except in the nature of an impeachment,
be well founded, then this Government is a very
different machine from what I had supposed. I
did suppose that the President, as well as Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress, were re-
sponsible to the people; that it was essential, to
make that responsibility worth any anything, to
enable the people to pass upon the action of the
President as well as of Congresses, that there
should be somewhere a power to investigate the
official conduct of the President as well as of Con-
gress. The people have the right to know the ac-
tion, secret and public, of all public functionaries,
that they may hold them responsible, through the
ballot-boxes, for the manner in which they dis-
chaige their official duties.
But, sir, we cannot now discuss this subject;
and with a view of giving it a careful considera-
tion, with the permission of the House, I will
move that this message, for the purpo.se of dis-
cussing the constitutional questions involved in it,
and not the vituperation and personal bad taste
exhibited in it, be referred to a select committee
of five, with power to report to the next session
of Congress, and that the message be printed.
Mr. REAGAN. } hope thegentleman will not
call the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. If we have time to discuss
it, I have no objection.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from Ohio
makes the point upon this message that the Pres-
ident of the United States asserts an immunity
from responsibility to the House of Representa-
tives. The principle of accountability which he
suggests applies alike to the President and all
other officers, and to every citizen of the United
States. The President is responsible for every
violation of the law and dereliction of duty, but
he' is responsible according to th* laws of the
land. He has distinctly announced his responsi-
bility for every violation of the law and disregard
of duty according to those laws. We expect the
President and every other officer to stand account-
able for violations of the law, and to be tried ac-
cording to law, whenever he or they violate the
laws of the land. So we expect every private
citizen to perform the duties of a citizen, and to
stand responsible to the law for its violation; but
we have guarantied to the citizen the right to be
tried according to the laws of the land. He may
kill his fellow man; he may rob and despoil him
of bis property; but he is not expected to be taken
up by a mob, or by any organized body of men
in an informal manner, to be tried and condemned
and executed by his accusers. The most flagrant
outlaw and miscreant that ever degraded human-
ity is entitled to a fair and impartial trial ac-
cording to the laws of the land which he has
violated. It would shock the sense of public
justice, and it would be a disregard of all law
to punish even such a character as that, to be
tried in the manner in which the President of the
United States has been tried and condemned by
the committee against whose action he here pro-
tests. If he has violated the law, he is liable to
impeachment. If he has transcended his duty
in any respect, he is liable to be arraigned upon
charges fairly made; and if proven so as to sat-
isfy the House of his probable guilt, articles of
impeachment may be preferred, sent to the Sen-
ate of the United States, and there he may be tried
according to law. He can then confront his ac-
cusers, introduce his witnesses for his own de-
fense, and can have a fair trial; and he would have
that security for the integrity of his position, the
preservation of his character and of his constitu-
tional rights, and thus prevent so flagrant a shock
to the Constitution, and so flagrant an injustice to
the great head of the nation, as has been inflicted
by the proceedings of this Covode committee,
without a specific charge, without the privilege ot
defense, or of confronting the witnesses against
him, or any of the rights that would have beer
granted to the poorest, humblest, meanest citizen
of the United States. I have said this much in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.]
But there is not time to discuss these questions,
as we must adjoin m a few minutes.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Mr. Speaker, we have
but two hours of the session remaining. There
is no time now to discuss the questions involved
in this message. Indeed, sir, in my judgment,
the President needs no defense. He has come
out of the fiery ordeal unscathed; and he stands
before the country to-day without fear and with-
out reproach, occupying a prouder, loftier, no-
bler position than ever before, illustrious as have
have been his services to the country.
Now, sir, as I remarked, there is not time to
discuss this message. I therefore move to refer
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; where, at the next session of Con-
gress, gentlemen can discuss it, if they desire to
do so. I call the previous question on that mo-
tion.
Mr. OLIN sought the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi will see how unjust it will be to deprive
the only gentleman in the House, who was a
member of the Covode committee, of an oppor-
tunity to say a word.
Mr. BAIIKSDALE. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] discussed the question to a greater
extent than I did.
Mr. SHERMAN. He was not a member of
the committee.
Mr. BARKSDALE. There has been as much
said upon one side as the other. There is only
an hour and three quarters of the session left, and
there is no time to discuss it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have nothing else to do.
