1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
slavery into any of the Territories, and refuse the
admission of a State because of slavery in its con-
stitution—if, sir, the Republican party does any
one or all of th'cse things, and the South secedes
from the Union, wovtld the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania be ready to head a regiment and coerce
her back ?
Mr. HICKMAN. My answer to that is a very
brief one. I believe, sir, that the proper place to"
redress grievances, real or imaginarjs, is in the
Union, and not outside of it. I think that this is,
especially, the forum for the South; for 1 t#ink
that she will never be able to redress any griev-
ances, real or imaginary, outside of it. I cannot
look forward to a time—■—
Mr. GARTRELL. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman for the purpose of making a speech.
Mr. HICKMAN. Let me finish. 1 do not
think any party will take it upon themselves to
violate the compact existing between the North
and theSouth. I will not look forward to a time,
I will not anticipate that day, when this country
will have become so demoralized as to stand as a
nation of traitors.
Mr. GARTRELL. I trust when the gentle-
man again addresses the House he will not, as he
did on the occasion I have referred to, refuse me
the opportunity to interrupt him with a single
word.
• I was commenting, when interrupted, upon the
remark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
the North could manufacture more arms and am-
munition than the South could buy. When they
come down to the South, let me tell them, that
we will be prepared to receive them, that every
plowshare will be turned into a sword, and every
plow-boy will stand ready to drive back the north-
ern mercenaries. [Applause in the galleries.1
Even the slaves will be ready to meet you, and
defend the homes and firesides of their masters and
mistresses. They would repulse you. for they
scorn your interference in their behalf. They scout
your abolitionism, your fanatics who neglect the
poorer classes at your own homes. They say
that you had better attend to your own paupers.
Let me say to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] that! will take him to Georgia, if he
pleases, and that if he finds a pauper negro there,
I will give him ten for every one he finds. You
never knew, sir, of a negro begging in the South;
but go to the northern States, and see there the
thousand emaciated hands stretched out for alms.
You talk about philanthropy and humanity!
Attend to your own poor and your own affairs.
"Physician, heal thyself." I do not allude to
these things in any spirit of boasting. God knows
I pity t(ie poor men arid the poor women of the
northern States. I would have them come to the
South, where there is a more genial climate, and
where they could be fed, clothed, and protected,
and nursed, when sick, by our slaves.
Gentlemen of the House, 1 thank you for your
kind attention, and will detain you but a moment
longer. A few days ago, the citizens of Savan-
nah, a large commercial city of my State, observ-
ant of these insults and aggiessions, met, as I am
informed, without respect of party, and organized a
vigilant association for the protection ot the rights
of themselves and their fellow-citizens. Among
other things, they adopfpd some resolutions, which
so fully coincide with my own opinions upon the
present condition of the country, that I send them
to the Clerk's desk and ask they maybe read for
the information of this House and the country.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
•'4. Resolved That, looking forward to a time when all
tics which now connect us with the northern btatesoi tins
ronl'ederacvmaybe severed, and conMdering that prudence
as well as a proper regard for the mteieats of oar own sec-
tion demand that all our domestic resources should be fos-
tered and developed, we earnestly recommend : 1. Duect
foreign trade. 2 Tl.e patronage of southern commerce and
manufactures. 3. Education m southern spools and col-
leges. 4. Patronage to southern authors and (tutor.-. o.
The employment of southern teachers, and the use ot
em school books. 6. Non--intercourse with all cme  and
sections at the North inimical to slavery and southeni in-
stitutions. And to secure respect to these recommem.a-
tions, we individually and collectively pledge ourselves m
ail cases to piefer in our business, or for our use. the. nat-
ural and artificial productions of the South to all otlicu,
and goods of toreign origin wluch have been imported <h-
redly into a southern port, to those of the same character
imported through a northern port. ,
<• 5 Resolved, That we earnestly request of the \arioun
transportation lines of tills and the adjacent state?, that
thev Will so modifv their rates of freight that the iron, coal,
"late, granite, lime, and other mineral productions ot our
own and the adjoining States, may be brought to this market
at prices which will'enable them to compete with similar
articles of northern production.
"6. Resolved, 1'hat we recommend to our Legislature,
1. To establish a normal school, at which teachers mtjy be
trained, who shall, in all cases, be preferred as instructors
m the free schools of this State. 2. To require that all
the books used in the free fachools of tins State shall be the
productions of southern authors, and be printed on south-
em paper by southern presses.
k<7. Resolved, That we recommend to those of our citi-
zens who have habitually, during their annual visits to the
North, and at other times, purchased their supplies of <jry
goods, groceries, hardware, and other articles from north-
ern merchants, hereafter to extend their patronage in these
respects to the dealers in such commodities who are tpart
of our own people, shaie in the defense of our institution,
and contribute to oui pio^perity.
"8. Resolved, That African slavery, as it exists in these
United States, is mot ally and politically right, and is a bless-
ing to both races, and to the world at large; and that it is
our duty, as patriots and Christians, to expand and perpet-
uate it.
"9. Resolved, That we ask no cuarantee for the institution
of slavery, founded, as it is, in the natural conditions of
man, and established by divine appointment. We only
demand that it shall be left alone, to stand or fall upon its
own merits. But inasmuch as the rendition of fugitive
slaves was a condition precedent to the formation and adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution, it is incumbent and oblig-
atoiy upon the Geneial Government and upon each oi the
State governments, to adopt and entorce such measures as
will effectually carry out a constitutional provision so just
and so indispensable. We considei, therefore, that such
States as have passed laws in opposition to this provision
of the Constitution, with intent to hindei, prevent, or rcn-
dei difficult the speedy rendition of fugitive slave?, have
violated trie original compact of Union between the States,
and that they aie in open rebellion to the General Govern-
ment. and, a-< a consequence, are not entitled to represent-
ation m the flails of Congress. Therefore, we recommend
to our Seimtois and Representatives m Congress to object,
in the most effectual manner in thejr power, to the admis-
sion into their respective Houses of Representatives from
any and all such rebellious and revolutionary States."
Mr. GARTRELL. Those resolutions speak
lor themselves; and I shall attempt no comment
upon them, more than to call upon gentlemen from
the. North to note the fact that our people are not
1 laboring under such ci delusion as you suppose;
I that they are aroused to a keen sense of their
i rights, and will assert them fearlessly, and defend
them at every hazard. Yet, we love the Union
for its past glories-, we desire that it may be per-
petuated, and will never consent to violate the
common Constitution of our fathers. You have
placed your sacrilegious hands upon it, but south-
ern men neverwill; and whenever your violations
of it become too intolerable to be borne, I an-
nounce now, in conclusion, as I did in the begin-
ning,, that, although alove of Union animates our
people, yet every man—yea, every matron and
every fair daughter of the South—will exclaim
with me, "Give us disunion rather than dishonor
and disgrace." I thank the House for its patient
attention, and now yield the floor.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Clerk, I do not assume
any right to dictate ov to indicate the proceedings
of'this House in any important particular. But,
sir, in the accomplishment of every object there
are some facilities which are so obvious and which
He so much upon the surface, that they cscape the
attention of gentlemen who ore engaged in the
consideration of a subject in its more important
aspects. Of this character die some suggestions
which I have embodied in the form of a resolu-
tion, and which 1 shall present to this House. We
have now been engaged for more than thirty aays^
in the business of "selecting a Presiding Officer of
this House. That is the very first duty that de-
volves upon us as the Representatives elect to
this Congress. But, sir, we arc as yet only within,
the doors of this Hall: we have done nothing:; we
have accomplished nothing. Let nv' say, further-
more, that we have not yet done as much towards
the organization of this House, as did the Thirty-
Fourth Congress in the first six days of its ses-
sion. I was very much gratified with the dispo-
sition which was manifested yesterday, by the
bther side of the House, to come directly to the
business before us, and to suspend discussion.
We had three votes yesteiday. We did not ac-
complish an organization, but I supposed from
•• i •=--- ''hen manifested, that we should
commence voting
l.UllllJliOU U.1J.    1 1
the disposition then nianiiested, that we should
commence voting again this morning, and make
I it our first and paramount business, from day to
I day, until this House should be organized. 1
1 find, however, that we have gone back to discus-
j sion, and have already consumed two hours of
' this day- I would have waited for some gentle-
! mail to'call for a vote, hut as that has not been
called for by any party, I am satisfied that a vote
I to-day will not result m the election of a Speaker,
and therefore -'I thought it more important' dipt
we should establish, if we may, a rule wMsh
should govern us not only to-day, bat 'every flay
hereafter, even until, as a gentleman said tbe other
day, t)ie 4th of March, 1861, if it shall be nc<®s-
jsary.to wait so long to organize this,House. '
Mr. Clerk, I have been very jnWch eijtertaineg
by the eloquence and by the ability of gentoien
upon the other side of the House. Ihave rwt
admitted the accuracy of their statements ,'riortiie
correctness of their conclusions. But whetEe'i*1!
agree or disagree, I always li^tpp with plefisuye to
exhibitions of talent; 'Still I,ask, whether,any
good, whether anything but evil, can result from
the excited, protracted, and profitless debate'in
which members have indulged ? What is the?
effect of it ? It is to alienate members ori this ffoor;
to sow the seeds of bitterpess and unfriendly feel-
ing here among ourselves, and to fan the flame of
sectional agitation both North and South.
Mr. HILL. I want to ask the ^entlqmpin
whether it is not the habit of members of his party
to circulate those inflammatory speeches, madeby
southern gentlemen, of which he complains?
Mr. EDWARDS. I answer only for myself;
other gentlemen will answer for themselves. Per-
haps it is right that I should state here, in this
connection, that I speak for nobody here but my-
self. I am not the organ of any party on this
side or of any number of gentlemen. 1 do not
know what the practice of other gentlemtn nijiy
be, but it is my practice to send to fny const'itaetjrcs
information of what is passing in this House, bh
one side or the other.
Mr. HILL. Well, that is a goodpracticc and
I commend you for it.
Mr. EDWARDS. I have sent to my constit-
uents speeches uttered on the other side of tho
House. I think the country should know what
is said here, whatever may be its effect. But, nev-
ertheless, 1 deprecate its effect.
Mr. HILL. The object of my question was
this: while the gentleman and his associates com-
plain of intemperate speeches Blade by southern
gentlemen, they take pains to distribute these very
speeches to influence the popular mind of the
North, and increase the evil of whiph J)te com-
plains. -
Mr. EDWARDS. The agency whicih 1 have
in distributing these intemperate speeches—as the
gentleman chooses to call them—is nothing when
spoken of in connection with the power of tho pub-
lic press of the country. You have your Congres-
sional Globe here, published under the authority
of Congress, to give, word for word, everything
that is said; and you have not only the mails, but
you have the telegraph carrying everything of im-
portance said hero to every corner of the country,
almost as soon as it falls from the lips of the speak-
ers. I have sat here for the last five weeks listen-
ing to speeches ostensibly based on the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Clark.] I consider that resolution untimelI
consider it offensive. I fe,el that no member on this
floor has a right to ask the action of the House on
a resolution of that character. 1 have nothing to
say about the Helper book. I was not a member
of the last Congress, and never recommended that
book. My name is not to any recommendation.
If it was, I should avow it, or justify it, or excuse
it; but I do say that when we come into this Hall
for the purpose of electing a presiding officer, no
gentleman has a right to rise m his plijce, and ask
this House to prescribe a rule of action to any
member to govern him in the discharge of his
duty.
Mr. LEAKE. I understand the gentleman to
say that, the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Missouri is impertinent (I do not mean m
an offensive manner) to the election of a Speaker;
that wc should not adopt a resolution declaring
substantially (and that is its only purpose) that
anv man who indorsed the "Helper book is un-
worthy to be Speaker. He said we had no right
to prescribe that as a rule of action. I wish to
know from the gentleman whether he is notawye
of the fact that there aie fifty-two members oirtfert
side of the Hall who subscribed to the Helper
book and indorsed the doctrines of that pamphlet.
I ask him further, if he believes that a man who,
deliberately, of purpose, of niaiice aforethought,
solemnly declares to the people of the Union that
slavery must be abolished by violent*, who ad-
vises, rapine, murder, and insurrection, is fit to
