1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3301
Mr. "BARKSDALE. There are several bills
to be acted on, and one of them a very important
one. i insist on my demand for the previous
question. If the House intends to discuss the
message, they can vote down the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HATTOjN. I hope it will be voted down.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. The committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
Post Office deficiency appropriation bill have met,
and, after full conference, have been unable to
agree.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 ask the gentleman to permit
me to submit a motion to recede,and lot avote be
taken upon it.
Mi-. HOWARD, of Michigan. I am going to
make a motion myself. The managers on the part
of the House have unanimously instructed me to
make a motion to the House, and to ask unani-
mous concurrence in it, with a view to save the
bill. 1 will state the elfect of it, and then send it
to the Clerk to be lead. The effect of it will be
to restore the Isabel loute, giving the contract to
the lowest bidder, and also to restore one other
steamboat route, from Galena to St. Paul, on the
same terms.
Mr. HOUSTON. Only those two?
Mr. HOWARD, ofMichigan. Only those two.
Mr. PHL1LPS. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Michigan that there are some other
- routes in the country of equal importance as these
on which service ought to be restored, and 1 do
not understand why these two loutes should be
made an exception.
Mr. GROW. They are the only steamboat
routes that have been cut off.
The Clerk then read Air. Howard's proposi-
tion, as follows:
At the end of the following amendment of the Senate :
"Ami the Postmaster Genetal i<s Iteteby authorized and
jt-quned to ai!veiu- e lor pmposals, and conti.icl with the
lowest re-pon-uhle Judder <>i bidder.-, for the transportation
of the United States mail, in steamship-., from Charleston,
South Uaiohna, by fc.ivannah, Georgia, and Key West,
Fiouda. to IIn\ana. in Cuba, and back, twice a month, or
oitcnerj'froin the Kt day of July, 1860, to the 30rh of June,
J8J4, inciu-lve, at a suiu not to excecd §30,000 poraunum,"
add as follows:
Provided, That said seiviee shall be performed in the
same time as was pi escribed in the schedule tune in the
contract lor the service ot the steamer Isabel; and the Po t-
ma^ter Genoiai is heieby further lequired to ndverti-.fi for
propo-aU, and contract with the lowest responsible biddei
or bidder.-, foi the transportation of the mails on route thir-
teen thousand li\e liuudied and one, (13501) on steam-
boats, during the beacon of navigation from said 1st day
of July. I860, to June 30, 1663, iriclu.-ive, at a sum not to
exceed the Mini paid for d>>in3rthe same t-emee puor to
Apnl 16, 1659; and the said hcivice shall be perfotmed in
the -ame time as was requhed to be pel loaned piiortothe
said IGth day of April, 1809 ; and the Postmaster Geneial is
hereby duthotued and dunned to pay for the actual servicc
peironnetl by the said steamer l.-abel, from Charleston to
Havana, previous to the passage of this act, at the same
rate ot compensation as was provided in the contract lor
that bcrvicti.
2. And the Postmaster General is hereby directed to re-
examine the causes for discontinuance or curtailment of the
postal service on inland loutes since the 4th da> of March,
1859, and to restore all Mich parts of the said seiviceasean
be restored with due legard to the pubhc mteie-t and the
circumstances ol each case; whether sueh discontinuance
or cuitailmcnt wa- upon contracts yet in force, oi has taken
effect upon the making of new contracts; and wherever
seivice has been actually performed by the contractu! upon
any curtailed route, notwithstanding the oider of curtail-
ment, the Po-tmaster Geneial shall pay for the same, as if
no sriieh oider had been made, deducting from such pay-
ment any allowance received by the contractor on account
ot the curtailment of the s-erviee under his contract: Pro-
vided, however•> That the Po-tma-ter General shall be sat-
isfied, from the testimony before hun, that the service for
which compensation i^ above ptovided wa< performed in
good latth, and in advancement of the public mteie^s:
Jlnd provided further, That no competition i-hall be made
for any such service porlormed altei the 1-t day of August
next. And to enable the Postniastui Gonetal to cairy this
piovision into effect, the#sum of $3tK),000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary lor the puipo>c, is heteby ap-
piupuatcd : Provided, hoit-erer, That the leMorauon ot in
crease of service heieby contemplated should be with the
assent of the conti actor in each case, or in pui-uance of the !
terms of his contract: Jind provided Jinthermorc, also,
That this appropi lation =hail be constiued to enibrace the
appiopimtions made by the joint resolution " for the relief
of the contractor of the Post Office Department/' approved
March *23, 1800.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the adoption of the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri, that the House recede from its disa-
greement to the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. GROW. I will state that the amendment
proposed by the committee of conference is sub-
stantially the proposition of the Senate commit-
tee. It would have been first presented in the
Senate, but for the fact that the papers are here.
It is the proposition of Senator Yulee; and will,
without doubt, bo adopted in the Senate.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate have passed, without
amendment, a bill of this House amendatory of
an act granting public lands, in alternate sections,
to the State of Mississippi, to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads in said State, approved August
11, 1856.]
Mr. GROW. I now call for the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers on the motion
to recede.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps, and
Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
affirmative—yeas 82, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chatlcs F. Adam-, Allen, Aveiv, Bai ks-
dale, Ban*, Rmghani, Blake, Bonham, Bovce, Biabson,
Btistow, Buich, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Cox, Buiton Craige,Crawford, Davidson,
John G. Davis, Floiencc, Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Gooch,
John 'J'. Harris, Ilatton, Helmiek, Hill, Houston, William
Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Jones, Keitt, ICilsjore, Lan-
di um, Laiidbee, Leake, Los e, Malloiy, Charles O. Mai tin,
Elbert S. Mai tin, Maynard, McClrrnand, Mc.Knight, Mc-
Queen, Mcltae, Miles, Milison, S)denham Moore, Edward
Joy Morris Nelson, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Peyton,
Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Quai les, Reagan, Rice, Rig"*, Rufiin,
ilust, Scott, Sherman, Singleton, William Smith, William
N.H. Smith, Stanton, J ame* A. Stewait, Stoke*, Under-
wood, Vance, Veiree, Wade, Webster, Win&low, and
Wnght—89
NAYS— >Ie«?i9. Ahhieh, Alley, Ashley. Babbitt, Fian-
eis P. Blan, Samuel S. Hlair, Biayton, IJiifhnton, iJuihn-
game, Buruham, Buiteifield, Campbell. Carey, Caiter,
Case, Coliax, Corwin, Delano, Duel!. Dunn, Edwaids
Eliot, Ely,Enirli-h, Etneridge, Ferrj, Fostei, Frank, Glow,
Hale, Hoaui, William A. How.nd, Llutchins, Fianci-W.
Kellogg, Kenvon, DcWittC. Leach, LoomN. Mar-ton, l\Te-
Kean, McPhei^on, Moot head, Mprrill. Morse, Niblack,
Olin, Palmer, Porter, Potter, Chri-topher Kobmson, Ko\ce,
Sciauton, Sedgwick, Spinner, Stout, Tappan, Tneakei,
Vandevci, Van Wyek, Walton. Ellilui B. Washbutne, Is-
lael Wa-hburn, Well.-, W'oodiulT, and Wood->ou—65.
So the House receded fiom its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. JACKSOJN" stated that he had paired with
Mr. Fenton.
Mr. GtUARLES stated that Mr. Leach, of
North Carolina, had paired with Mr. Killxnger.
Mr. BRANCH stated that he hod just come
from a sick ioom, and asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
Mr. KUJSfKEL stated that he had paired with
Mr. Wood.
*The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. PERRY. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the House
concurred in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rail for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and novs were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers on the motion to reconsider.
Tellers were not oulored.
The motion to reconsider was disagreed to.
PAY OF FOLDEIIS.
Mr. BABBITT. I ask the unanimous consent
of (he House to refer a resolution to the Commit-
tee of Accounts. It will not fake a minute.
Mr. STANTON. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
president's protest again.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is oil seconding the previous question on
cofnmitting the protest of t'ue Piesident,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The motion of Mr. UarKsdalr to refer to the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union
was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Stanton to refer to a select committee "of fiv4j
with leave to report at any time at the next'ses-
sion of Congress, and that the protest be printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
The .yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers on the yoas and nays.
Tollers were not ordered. ' -
The protest was accordingly referred to a select
committee.
Mr. STANTON moved that the vote by which
the protest was referred to a select committee be
reconsidered: .and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from the
President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I have approved and signed the bill entitled
"An act making.appropriation for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending;
the 30th June, 1861."
In notifying the House of my approval of this
bill, I derm it proper, under the peculiar circum-
stances of tiie case, to make a few explanatory
observations, so that my course may not here-
after be misunderstood. • • • ■
Amid a great variety of important appropria-
tions, this bill contains an appropriation ""for
the completion of the Washington aqueduct,
$500,000, to be expended according to the plana
and estimates of Captain Meigs, and under his
superintendence; provided that the office of engi-
neer of the Potomac water works is hereby abol-
ished, and its duties shall hereafter be discharged
by the chief engineer of the Washington aque-
duct.". To this appropriation, for a wise and
beneficial object, I have not the li^ist objection.
It is true I had reuson to believe, when the last
appropriation was made of §800,000, on the I2th
June, 1858, "for the completion of the Washington
aqueduct," this would have been sufficient for the
purpos ;. It is now discovered, however, that it
will rr quire $500,000 more "for the completion of
the Washington aqueduct," and this ought to be
granted.
The Captain Meigs to whom the bill refers is
Montgomery C. Maigs, a captain in the corps of
engineers of the Army of the United States, who
has superintended this work from its commence-
ment, under the authority of the late and present
Secretaiy of War.
Had this appropriation been made in the usual
form, no difficulty could have arisen upon it. This
bill, however, annexes a declaration to the appro-
priation that the money is to be expended under
the superintendence 6f Captain Meigs.
The first aspect in which this clause presented
itself to my mind was that it interfered with the right
of the President to be "Commander-in-Chief of-the
Army and Navy of the United States." If this had
really been thecase,there would have been an end to
the question. Upon further examination, I deemed
it impossible that Congress could have intended
to interfere with the clear right of the President
to command the Army and to order its officers to
any duty he might deem most expedient for_the
public interest. If they could withdraw an offi- •
cer from the command of the President, and select
him for the performance of an executive duty,
they might, upon the same principle, annex to an
appropriation to carry 011 a war a condition re-
quiring it not to be used for the defense of the
country, unless a particular person of its own
selection should command the Army. It was im-
possible that Congress could have had such an
intention, and therefore, according to my con-
struction of the clause in question, it merely des-
ignated Captain Meigs as its preference for the
work, without intending to dep'rive the President
of the power to order" him to any other Army
duty for the performance of which lie might con-
sider him better adapted. Still, whilst this clause
may not be, and 1 believe is not, a violation of the
Constitution, yet, how destructive it would be to
all proper subordination, and how demoralizing
its effect upon the morale of the Army, if it should
become a piecedentfor future legislation. Officers
might then be found, instead of performing their
appropriate duties, besieging the Halls of Con-
