1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to put a
question to the gentleman from Indiana, so that
1 may be able to vote understanding^ on the
amendment which he proposes. If I understand
rightly the' amendment of the Senate, it has the
approbation of the Post Office Department; and
the object of the amendment which the gentleman
proposes is to make more explicit that which is
involved by the language of the Senate amend-
ment. Is that it?
Mr. COLFAX. That is it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then, sir, the
object of the amendment now offered by the gen-
tleman from Indiana to the amendmentof the Sen-
ate is to accomplish the object of the Senate amend-
ment, which has been recommended by the Post
Office Department.
Mr. COLFAX. I will make this statement:
finding that, under the language of the section
adopted as an amendment by the Senate, an im-
proper construction might possibly be put upon
it, at some future time, by a hostile Postmaster
General, so as to increase the rates on drop let-
ters—to charge one cent for the post office and
two cents for the carrier—after its passage by
the Senate, I went and saw the Postmaster Gen-
eral. He told me that the language was vague,
but that his intention was as stated by Mr. Ydlee
in explaining it to the Senate. I stated to him
that I would propose an amendment to it which
would carry out the object designed, and make
it more definite.
Mr. FLORENCE. And afford" protection, I
presume, to the person who delivers the letters.
I have no ob jection to it. I suppose it is all right.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question was then take n on the amendment,
as amended; and it was concurred in.
Fourth amendment of the Senate:
Amend tile title by adding: " and in relation to the post-
age on ill op letters."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the votes
by which the amendments of the Senate were
severally concurred in; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A bill (H. R. No. 4) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1861, re-
turned from the Senate with sundry amendments;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
An act (S. No. 53) to amend "An act to estab-
lish a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States," approved February 24,1855;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
TAMPA BAY A PORT OF DELIVERY.
An act (S. No. 263) to constitute Tampa Day,
in the State of Florida, a port of delivery; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
COMPENSATION" OF UNITED STATES OFFICERS.
An act (S. No. 86) to amend existing laws rel-
ative to the compensation of the district attorneys,
marshals, and clerks of the circuit and district
courts of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
HEIRS OF THOMAS MADDEN.
An act (S. No. 49) to grant the right of pre-
emption to a certain tract of land in the State of
Missouri to the heirs and legal representatives of
Thomas Madden, deceased; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
An act (S. No. 52) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Patents.
BOARD OF FOREIGN MISSIONS.
An act {S. N. 71) for the relief of the Ameri-
can Boaid of Commissioners for Foreign Mis-
sions; which was read a first and second time, and
refened to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
ABXER MERRILL.
An act (S. No. 96) for the relief of Abner Mer-
rill; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
HOSPITAL SQUARE, SAN FRANCISCO.
An act (S. No. 97) to authorize the institution
of a suit against the united States to test the title
to lots Nos. 5 and 6, in the hospital square, in
San Francisco; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr, BURCH. I ask that that bill be referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 think that it ought to be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary; and I
wish to give the reasons why I think it ought to
he so referred. I understand that this bill relates
to a part of the hospital property in San Fran-
cisco. Before we constructed the buildings there,
the proper officers of the Government 'had certi-
fied that there was a good title to the property.
'We had either obtained it by purchase, or it was
our own land. Now, some persons present a
claim for a portion of the property, and it is pro-
posed that Congress shall permit those individu-
als to commence a suit against the United States
for the purpose of testing the title to property
which our own law officers have said was good
in the United States. I prefer, therefore, that the
Judiciary Committee should investigate the ques-
tion; and I move that the bill be referred to that
committee
The motion was agreed to
MILES DEVINE
An act (S. No. 99) for the relief of Miles De-
vine; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
SAMUEL n. TAYLOR.
An act (S. No. 100) for the relief of Samuel H.
Taylor; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
INDIAN LANDS IN OPvEGON.
An act (S. No. 142) to secure the right of pre-
emption to certain settlers on lands temporarily
occupied as the Indian reserve in Oregon ■ which
was read a first nnd second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
An^ict (S. No. 262) providing for a reduction
in the prices allowed for the public printing, and
providing for the binding of the public documents,
reports, and Journals; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Printing.
RETURN OF UNDELIVERED LETTERS.
An act (S. No. 302) in relation io the return of
undelivered letters in the post office; which was
read a first and sccond time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
GEORGE FISHER, DECEASED.
A joint resolution (S. No. 8) relative to the
claim of George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr SINGLETON. I move that that joint res-
olution be referred to a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calender.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs. The same
subject is now before that committee.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Edwards; and it was agreed to.
FRANCIS DAINESE.
An act (S. No. 14) for the relief of Francis
Dainesc; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
TIIERBSA DARDENNE.
An act (S. No. 31) for the relief of Theresa Dar-
dennc, widow of Abraham Dardenne, deceased,
and their children; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
ROSS WILKINS AND OTHERS.
An act (S. No. 6G) to authorize and direct the
settlementof the accounts ol'Ross Wilkins, James
Wttherell, and Solomon Sibley; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
SIBUR DJ3 BONNE AND -OTHERS.
An act (S. No. 92) authorizing -fee courts to
adjudicate the claim o-'f the legal representatives of
the Sieur de Bonne and of- the Chevalier de Re-
pen tigny to certain lands at the Sault StO. Marie, ^
in the State of Michigan; which "was read' a firstJ
and second time.
Mr. PHELPS. That is a bijl which,as I un-
derstand it, provides for instituting a sui^ against
the United States. I suppose 'it should go to tha
Committee oh the Judiciary. ' ' ■ '
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think not. '
Mr. PHELPS. I know nothing about thB
.claim. It.seems to me that upon its faceit should
go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims
in the Senate.. It is simply a question as to the
propriety of instituting suits in the United States
courts; and that is a very proper subject for the
examination of the Committee on Private Land-
Claims.
Mr. OLIN. That is the very reason why the
bill ought to go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr, SICKLES. This is a question which prop-
erly belongs to the Committee on Private Land
Clftims. It is notajudicial question. It is merely
a question of the propriety of allowing jutlieial
proceedings to be instituted.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This claim has been
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims
for the last three successive Congresses. I call
for tellers upon the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stout and
McKnight were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-seven; noes not counted.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
EPISCOPAL MISSIONARY SOCIETY.
An act (S. No. 106-) authorizing the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Socicty of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in the United States to enter a
certain tract of land in the State of Wisconsin;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
MRS. A. K. CIIILDS.
An act (S. No. 108) for the relief of Mrs. A. E.
Childs; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
JOHN HASTINGS.
An act (S. No. 109) for the relief of John Hast-
ings, collector of the port of Pittsburg; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
GEORGIA AND FLORIDA BOUNDARY.
An act (S. No. 306) to settle the titles to lands
along the boundary line between the States of
Georgia and Florida; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands
have had that question under consideration. Every
member of the committee was in favor of this bill.
It is an important question to the States of Geor-
gia'and Florida, and if the House is not disposed
to pass the bill now, I ask that it may be per-
mitted to remain on the Speaker's table.
There being no objection, the bill was passed
over.
SALE OF PUBLIC ARMS.
An act (S. No. 45) to authorize the sale of pub-
lic arms in the several States and Territories, and
to regulate the appointment of superintendents of
national armories; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Militia.
VALENTINE YST5HRHEIM.
An act (S. No. 228) for the relief of Valentino
Wehrheim; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
PACIFIC TELEGRAPH.
An act (S. No. 84) to facilitate comntunication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States by electric
telegraph; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committse on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
