2358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
the boats; that the weather was cold and stormy,
on account of which his hands became partially
disabled; that the tendons of his hands are now
so contracted that they are of but little use to him.
Mr. THOMAS moved to amend the bill so as
to make the pension commence on the 1st of
January, I860.
The amendment was agreed to; and the hill, as
amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ANSELM CLAItKSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 453) granting an invalid
pension to Anselm Clarkson, of Missouri.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Anselm Clarkson, of Missouri,
on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, and to pay him at that rate
from the 13th of April, 1858, during his natural
life.
It appears from the report that Anselm Clark-
son was first sergeant in the company of Captain
James Clarkson, of the third regiment of Missouri
volunteers, during the Mexican war, the regiment
being commanded by Colonel John Ralls; that
he was ordered by his superior officer, on the
30th of October, 1847, to proceed from Santa Fe
to Missouri, to raise recruits for the, regiment;
that whilst on his journey fiom Santa Fe, and
whilst on the head-waters of the Arkansas river,
the weather became intensely cold, so much so
that a large number of the animals belonging to
the company with him were fiozen to death, and
that by reason of exposure at that time he was
attacked with rheumatism, from which he has
never recovered.
Mr. THOMAS offered the same amendment
that, he offered to the last bill.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ANDREW TEMPLETON.
A bill (H. R. No. 454) granting a pension to
Andrew Templeton.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Andrew Templeton on the in-
valid pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, and pay him a pension at that rate from
the 8th of February, 1858, and continue during
his natural life.
The report sets foith the following facts: An-
drew Templeton enlisted in the Anny of the
United States April II, 1HH, for "during the
war," and served till July ^*2, 1815, when he was
honorably discharged. After the battle of PJatts-
burg, where he served, he was quartered in a tent
during the eoid, wet, and variable weather, from
September till the latter pait of December. lie
then went into barracks newly constructed of
green timber, when he took a violent cold, which
resulted m rheumatism, in consequence of which
he was confined to the hospital. That disease
has continued to afflict him ever since, particu-
larly in his leg and hips, rendering him lame and
unable to walk, except with the aid of canes and
crutches, and altogether incapable of laboring,
except in a sitting posture. It continued to in-
crease upon him until it resulted, many years ago,
in his entire disability to earn his subsistence by
manual labor. He is, and always has been, a
good citizen, of temperate and exemplary habits,
is without property, and is now seventy-one yeais
of age.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend the bill, so
as to make the pension commence on the 1st day
of January, 18G0.
The amendmentwas agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JAMES ALEXANDER.
A bill (H. R. No. 456) granting a pension to
James Alexander, an invalid soldier of the war
of 1812.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of James Alexander On the invalid
pension list of the United States, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, commencing on the 1st
of January, I860, and to continue during his nat-
ural life.
James Alexander, as the report shows, was a
private in Captain Joseph Maikle's company of
light dragoons, from Westmoreland county, Penn-
sylvania, in the war of 1812, for twelve months.
The petitioner was healthy when he entered the
service, and came out disabled and diseased. He
was at the battle of Massinaway, in Major Ball's
cavalry, and in returning, having to make forced
marches to avoid the Indians that were pursuing
the troops, had his feet severely frozen. He was
afterwards at the siege or battle of Fort Meigs,
where a cannon ball from the enemy struck the
pickets, and threw splinters therefrom, one of
which struck him on the side of the head, caus-
ing blood to flow freely from his eyes, nose, and
mouth, since which time the petitioner has been
deaf in one ear; this, together with the freezing
of his feet, in the winter of 1812 and 1833, has
totally disabled and deprived him of obtaining a
livelihood by manual labor.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like the unanimous
consent of the House to ask a question m this case
that is applicable to a great many cases. I would
like to know why it is that in these eases the par-
ties have not been able to get pensions under the
existing pension laws?
Mr. EENT.ON. So stringent, and sometimes,
I apprehend, so technical are the rules adopted at
the Pension Office, that it would be exceedingly
difficult to answer the question in respect to the
many cases that arc rejected at the Pension Office.
It may bo in this case, although I do notremem-
ber it, that the claimant was unable, for want of
the necessary parol evidence, to prove his iden-
tity at the office, or to prove his services.
Air. BRANCH. It is, then, put upon the
ground that these parties were unable to prove
the fact they were disabled in the service, at the
Pension Bureau, and Congress is called upon to
overrule the decisions of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions as to matters of fact involved m the cases.
Mr. FENTON. No, that is not quite true.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not think any of these
cases ought to pass; but I am not going to inter-
pose my single objection against everybody else.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
CIIAUNCEY IIOYT.
A bill (H. R. No. 455) granting an invalid
pension to Chauncey Hoyt, of Chenango county.
New York.
Therebeingno objection, the bill waslaid aside,
. to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
WILLIAM BULLOCK.
A bill (IT. R. No. 457) for the relief of William
Ihilloek. [Objected to by Mr. Cuiiry.]
RACHEL M'MILLAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 458) for the relief of Mrs.
Rachel McMillan.
The bill was read. It directs that the namo of
Mrs. Rachel McMillan, widow of the late Sur-
geon Robert McMillan, of the Army of the United
States, be placed upon the medical* pension roll,
at the i ate of ten dollars per month, to commence
from the 14th of February, 18G8, and to continue
during her widowhood.
Mr. CURRY moved to amend by striking out
the date of the nension, and inserting January 1,
is<;o.
The amendmentwas agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
JAMES DUNNING.
A bill (II. R. No. 459) granting an increase of
pension to James Dunning.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the interior to place the name of James Dunning
on the invalid pension roll of the United States,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, from and
after the 1st of January, 18G0, instead of $5 33}
por month, which he has been drawing up to that
time, to continue during his natural life.
The report states that Dunning was formerly a
laborer of ordnance m the ordnance department
of the United States Army; that he received an
injury in his left eye, in the line of his duty, which
resulted in the total loss of sight of that eye; that
he was granted a pension by the Department, of
§5 33j per month, but that the right eye, from
sympathy, became inflamed, so much so that he
is now neaily blind and wholly unfit for labor,
and entirely disabled from obtaining a subsistence
by manual labor; that ho was a mechanic before
| he entered the service, able to earn §100 per
! month.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
WILLIAM EDDY.
A bill (H. R.No. 460) granting an invalid pen-
sion to William Eddy.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of William Eddy
on the invalid pension rolls of the United States,
at the rate of §8 50 per month, to commence on
the 1st of January, I860.
The report states that the petitioner enlisted in
the service of the United States in March, 1814, to
serve during the war of 1812,under Ensign Nathan-
ielHinckl«y, in the second regiment of the United
States infantry, and that he served faithfully on the
! Niargara frontier, was at the assault upon Fort
Eric, and was honorably discharged by Captain Ira
Drew, at Sachet's Harbor, in May, 1815. These
facts are proved by the affidavitof Ensign Hinck-
ley, who also testifies that the petitioner,towards
the close of the war, was promoted to and served
as orderly sergeant. It also appears that while in
the campaign on the Niagara frontier, in Novem-
ber, 1814, he contracted a severe cold, which be-
came seated in his lungs, and rendered him unfit
for duty a portion of the time; that while m the
act of coughing he ruptured himself, and has been
obliged cversincc to wear a truss; that he is sober
and temperate, is now over sixty-six years of
age, and on account of these disabilities received
while in the line of his duty is totally disabled
1 and prevented from obtaining a livelihood by
manual labor. He made application to the Pen-
sion Department for a pension, which was re-
fused,on the ground that in thepetitioru r's appli-
cation he states that his disability was contracted
in November, 1815, and that he was discharged
in May, 1815, which was a mistake; the former
should have been 1814,and was so written in En-
sign Hinckley's affidavit and in the other papers,
and is so written in his present application.
The bill was laid aside, to bo reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
CHARLES APPLETON.
A bill (BI. R. No. 461) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Charles Appleton.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Charles Apple-
ton on the invalid pension roll of the United
States, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the 1st day of January, 1860, and
to continue during his lifetime.
Thereportstatos that the petitioner was a private
in the United States Army. A letter from the
AdjutantGeneral,dated November^, 1859, says:
" It appears from the records of this office that
Charles Appleton enlisted March 30, 1847, for
during the war, and was discharged May 2,1848,
at Vera Cruz, on surgeon's certificate of disabil-
ity, a private in company G, first artillery." The
surgeon's certificate states that he was discharged
for "chronic diarrhea and fistula, from exposure
of climate and hardship during his service in said
war." The petitioner represents that these dis-
eases left him totally unfit for manual labor. A
communication from the Surgeon General, dated
March 14, I860, states that " Charles Appleton
has ulceration of the penna'um, connected with a
fistula opening into the lower bowel: and he is
thereby, m my opinion, totally disabled fiom ob-
taining ins subsistence from manual labor. The
records of this office show that Charles Appleton,
private in company G, first artillery, was dis-
charged at Vera Cruz,May2, 1848, on surgeon's
certificate, for ulcer of permasum." His appli-
cation for a pension was rejected at the Pension
Office, on the ground that it did not sufficiently
appear that his disability was contracted m the
service.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
HUGH BAKER.
A bill (IT. R. No. 462) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Hugh Baker.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Hugh Baker on the invalid pen-
sion rolls of the United States, at the rats of eight
dollars per month, to commence on the 1st of
January, 1860, and to continue during his natural
life.
