394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
be Speaker of this House ? These are the princi-
ples of the Helper book, and we are, therefore,
right in making the issue. I say further—and I
hope the gentleman will pardon me for trespass-
ing a momentlonger—that the South, at least that
part of it which I represent, not only holds the
election to the Speakership of a man who signed
that book or indorses its principles as a positive
injury, but as a deliberate and intentional insult,
which we will revenge in such a manner as we
may think fit. We regard it as the first step to-
wards a dissolution of the Union.
Mr. EDWARDS. I regard the resolution as
an abstraction, and the discussion predicated upon
it as the discussion of an abstraction. I think the
candidate of the Republican party has exonerated
himself from every charge of having indorsed any
sentiments like those in regard to which he was
first questioned. Gentlemen might as well get up
and propose a resolution that no one who has been
found guilty of murder is competent for the office
of Speaker or ought to receive the votes of this
House. If we should be asked to vote upon a
resolution of that character, I should regard it as
an insult to the candidate and party who support
him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like the gentleman
to say whether, in the Speakership contest in tfie
Thirty-Fourth Congress, there was not a string
of resolutions introduced in regard to the organi-
zation of the House, declaring that no member
ought to be elected who disagreed to these reso-
lutions, condemning the repeal of the Missomi
restriction, and asserting the fact that that restric-
tion ought to be reestablished by law?
Such resolutions were forced on the House at
that time, and were voted for, if I am not mis-
taken, by the gentleman's candidate.
Mr. CLARK,oi'New York. If the gentleman
from New Hampshire will permit me, I will put
a question to him which he may answer at the
same time. I will ask him whether lie would,
under any circumstances, vote for any man for
the place of Speaker of this House who entertains
in his heart the sentiments of intolerance and pro-
scription that are clearly manifested in the ex-
tracts from the Helper book which have been read
at the Clerk's table?
Mr. EDWARDS. In private conversation
with the gentleman who has addressed nie that
?uestion, I might say what 1 would do and what
would not do: but as a member of the House
I would acknowledge 110 obligation upon me to
answer such an interrogatory.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I beg to say
to the. honorable gentleman that I do not express
the opinion that the act of the indorsement of the
Helper book, under the circumstances of the ease,
taken in connection with the alleged disclaimer of
the honorable gentleman from Ohio, was anything
more or less than an act. of reckless partisanship.
But I desire to know from the gentleman from
New Hampshire, whether lie is of opinion that
any gentleman who, m his heart, entertains senti-
ments of intolerance and pioscription toward his
brethren of the South is lit to be Speaker of this
House ?
Mr. EDWARDS. I, of course, have my opin-
ions on that question.
Mr. PHELPS. Are you not willing to give
your constituents your opinions on that subjcct?
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 am.
Mr. PHELPS. Then give them.
Mr. EDWARDS. Yes, sir; my constituents
know my views, and the gentleman shall know
them. But, in reply to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston,] I will say, that if there
was any rule prescribed to govern the voting of
members in the organization of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, I do not. subscribe to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the gentleman must
see the very extraordinary position he is occupying
before the House and before the country. While
he is seeming to cast censure on the resolution
pending before the House condemning an act
which no decent man in the community can jus-
tify, why does he, at the same time, support a
candidate for the Speakership who himself sot the
example, and who urged on the House, in the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, a string of resolutions
ihat went precisely to the point of declaring the
unfitness for the Speakership of a man who did
not concur with the resolutions?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire allow me? [Cries
of "No; no-, let us hear Aim/" from the Demo-
cratic benches.] I wish to say to the gentleman
from Alabama, and to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, and to all gentlemen who desire to put such
questions, that if I believed for one moment that
John Sherman approbated such ideas and meas-
ures as are recommended in those offensive ex-
tracts which have been read from the Clerk's desk
at various times, 1 never would have voted for
him. But it is because I know that he regards
with the utmost horror every species of encour-
agement to servile insurrection and violence in
the southern States; it is because I know that ho
deprecates the disturbance of the peace and order
of society in the South, by arraying the slave-
holder against the non-slaveholder, that I have
voted for him. It is because I know that he dep-
recates all schemes and all measures having an
anarchical and revolutionary tendency in the slave
States, and all unconstitutional aggressions on the
vested rights of the South, such as have been
recommended in these extracts, that I voted for
him; and I will recall my vote if that gentleman,
now present, will negate what I say And I
have no doubt that, if the menacing resolutions
presented by the gentleman from Missouri were
withdrawn, the gentleman from Ohio would then,
without compromising his dignity on this floor,
denounce such sentiments.
Mr. LEAKE. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, I desire to make a
single suggestion to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Morris,] for I have great respect for
the character of that gentleman.
Mr. EDWARDS. Let me say 
Mr. LEAKE. If the gentleman objects, I have
not a word to say.
Mi-. EDWARDS. I will say this: I find my-
self already occupying more of the time of the
House than I intended to do. As, however, 1
have yielded to the interruptions of other gentle-
men,! will yield to the gentleman from Virginia,
making, at the same time, the declaration that I
will not consent to be interrupted again.
Mr. LEAKE. I am indebted to the gentleman
from New Hampshire for his courtesy, and I am
glad to see that there is that much left of the things
that have heretofore bound the two sections to-
gether. To the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I
will say this: 1 hove attempted to make no regu-
lar speech oil this floor; but it will be remembered
that early in the session I gave utterance, holding
the floor for a few minutes, to the feelings I then
entertained. On that occasion,! propounded cer-
tain interrogatories to the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio, who is now the embodiment of the
Republican party in this Hall, as their candidate
for Speaker. We are told now by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that he knows that his candi-
date for Speaker disavows the principles of the
Helper book. I understand that to be the decla-
ration of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I speak of
the offensive paragraphs which were read from
the Clerk's desk. I will not speak for the whole
book, for I do not know what the whole boolc
contains.
Mr. LEAKE. The question to which I wish
to direct the attention of the gen tleman from Penn-
sylvania, and to which I wish him to respond, is
this: it has again and again been avowed by gen-
tlemen of the non-slaveiiolding States as well on
this floor as elsewhere, that they are utterly and
entirely opposed to any interference with the re-
lation of master and slave in the States where that
relation now exists. That they claim on the other
side to be a lixed principle, a governing rule of
then- action. I wish to know of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, who upon this occasion rep-
resents the candidate of the Republican party for
Speaker, if Mr. Sherman, of Ohio, at the time he
signed the Helper pamphlet or its indorsation,
did not think that he was signing some book cal-
culated to interfere, directly or indirectly, whether
forcibly or by moral suasion, with the relation
between master and slave? If, in other words,
ho did not know, and does not now know, that
[j the book was designed to operate upon the insti-
ll tution within sovereign States of this Confederacy
i| where slavery exists? If ay, then does he not
SI stand convicted, and will not he stand convicted,
JI of attempting to interfere with the relation of mas-
'1 ter and slave—with property with which they now
say the N orth has nothing to do ?. I wish that ques-
tion distinctively and emphatically answered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. In the same
spirit of courtesy and frankness in which the gen-
tleman from Virginia proposes his question, I will
respond. I remark simply in reply, that I do not
know what were the secret aims and intentions
of Mr. Sherman in giving his assent to the prep-
aration by a committee of a compendium of the
Helper bojk. He relied, certainly, upon the dis-
cretion of the committee, and, as far as I under-
stand the matter, the committee relied rather on
the discretion of Helper himself than on their own
judgment in its preparation.
But, notwithstanding, now we are at the issue,
I will say to the gentleman from Virginia, and !
think he will appreciate it, for I know lie acts on '
high-minded and honorable impulses himself, that
when the resolution of the gentleman from Mis-
souri is withdrawn, which, without any disre-
spect to the gentleman from Missouri, seems to
me to convey an opprobrious menace to my friend
from Ohio, that that gentleman is ready freely,
frankly, and fully to express his opinions upon
this Helper book", and every page of it.
Mr. LEAKE. I think the resolution of the
gentleman from Missouri is leveled at fifty-two
gentlemen upon that side of the House, and not
exclusively at their candidate for Speaker.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Not at me,
among the number, for I did not recommend the
book.
Mr. EDWARDS. If I did not answer the ques-
tion propounded to me here, whether I would vote
for a man who had been guilty of atrocious crimcs
as Speaker of this House, or who had avowed sen-
timents dangerous to the perpetuity of the Union
—if I did not answer a question of that character,
it would not be because I would be willing to sus-
tain such a man for any place whatever. If 1 did
not answer the question whether I would vote for
a man for Speaker who had indorsed incendiary
publications, calculated to excite insurrection,
murder, arson, and every other crime in the cat-
alogue, in the South, it was not because I should
be willing to vote for any man of that description.
Mr. Clerk, I will not here, or elsewhere, give my
support to any man for public office, unless he
stands clear of crime; and more than that, un-
less he bears an unblemished reputation. I trust
that will be a sufficient answer here and else-
where .
My objection to the resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri is this: In the first place, that it
is inoperative. 1 concede the right of any mem-
ber upon this floor, when a nomination is made
for an otficer of this House, to rise in his place
and give any information he may be in possession
of in relation to the candidate; and I would go
further, and say that he might express his pref-
erence; but I would not go so far as to say that
it is his right to discuss at very great length, un-
less it was in a very temperate and a very limited
manner, the merits of the candidate, confining
himself expressly to that. But when he under-
takes to put his opinions in the form of a resolu-
tion; when ho undertakes to get the majority of
this House to control a minority or the individual
action of any member of this body, he oversteps
the lino of his duty, in my humble judgment.
Why, sir, what if every member of this House
should vote that rule, or any other rale—and, if
they could vote that rule, they might vote any
other rule'—they might vote that no man should
receive the support of any part of this House if
he was a Republican member? Their power
would stop there; the rule could not bind the in-
dividual members. If it could, where are the
rights of the minority? Where is our responsi-
bility to our constituents?
I come here entitled to equal privileges with
any other member of this body, and among these
privileges I regard as the last to be surrendered,
that of exercising my private judgment, unawed
and uncontrolled, as I shall think best, not only
in relation to the legislation of this House, but in
relation to its organization. And I would submit
to no dictation. If my own conscience should tell
me that I ought to vote for John Sherman, though
every member of this House should prescribe a
rule by which lie should be excluded from that
chair, I would'still vote for him. If this is right,
what can be the utility or propriety of prescribing
rules on this subject?
