1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2359
The report states that, from the proofs, it ap-
pears that the petitioner is the identical Hugh
Baker who volunteered in the service of the Uni-
ted States as a private in Captain Milcs's com-
pany, in the gathering up and removal of the
Cherokee and Creek Indians, and was honorably
discharged in the year 1837, and that while in the
line of his duty he received a fall from his horse
which crippled his leg, and from exposure in
camps and while laboring under his disability he
took the fever and lay eight weeks. The disease
finally settled in his leg and becamearunningsore,
which has disabled him from performing manual
labor ever since. He was a farmer before enter-
ing the service. The Second Auditor certifies that
the files of that office show that he " served from
July 8, 1836, to March 31, 1837, and from 
12, 1837, to July 12, 1838. On the rolls for Sep-
tember and Octobcr, 1837, ho is reported ' sick
in quarters.' " The reason why his petition for
pension was rejected by the Department does not
appear.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
SAMUEL HAMILTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 463) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Samuel Hamilton.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Samuel Hamilton on the in-
valid pension rolls of the United States, at eight
dollars per month, to commence on the lstof Jan-
uary, 1860, and to continue during his lifetime.
The report states that the petitioner was a pri-
vate in Captain Marlde's company of light dra-
goons, from Westmoreland county, Pennsylva-
nia, in the war of 1812. He was in the battle of
Massinaway, and while leaving the battle ground
his horse was wounded,from which circumstance
ho was much exposed. He was taken sick at a
place called Franklinton, and remained so two
weeks; was afterwards taken sick again at Can-
ton, and was sick four weeks. His disease was
inflammation in the eyes, and rheumatism, con-
tracted while in the line of his duty. These com-
plaints, together with asthma, have ever since
afflicted the petitioner so much so that he has
been unable to gain his support by manual labor.
The bill was laid aside, to be repotted to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
LIEUTENANT ROBERT CUNNINGHAM.
A bill (H. R. No. 464) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Robert Cunningham. [Objected to by Mr.
Gartrell.]
MAllY SIIIItCLIFF.
A bill (H. R. No. 465) granting a pension to
Mary Shircliff, widow of John Shircliff.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary Shircliff, widow of John
Shircliff, on the pension roll, and pay her a pen-
sion, at the rate of eight dollars per month, from
the 23(1 of April, 1858", and continue for the period
of five years.
The report states that John Shircliff served
as a drafted militiaman from Kentucky, and in
the capacity of a sergeant in the last war with
Great Britain, and was under the command of
General Jackson at the battle of New Orleans;
that while in such service,, and in the line of his
duty, he was accidentally wounded by one of
his comrades, and received a ball in the leg, which
was never extracted, and which caused a perma-
nent disability, regularly certified to by two com-
petent surgeons.' The husband of the petitioner
died, as is supposed, by reason of the wound,
without ever having received a pension or gratuity
from the Government.
Mr. NIBLACK. I think this bill ought to be
made to conform to the rule which has been
adopted. I move, therefore, to amend so as to
make the pension commence with the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
THOMAS GLASGOW.
A bill (H. R. No. 466) granting an invalid
pension to Thomas Glasgow.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Thomas Glasgow upon the in-
valid pension rolls of the United States, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, from the 1st of
January, 1860, and to continue during his natural
life.
The report states that Thomas Glasgow was
drafted arid entered the service of the United
States on the 13th of November 1814, and served -
until the 13th of June, 1815, in Captain Joseph
Rich's company, Colonel Bailey's regiment. He
makes oath that while ok their march fromKnox-
ville, Tennessee, to Hiwassee garrison, he was
taken sick and ordered to the hospital, and re-
mained sick the balance of the time. He further
swears that he has never been sound since. Cap-
tain Rich testifies that petitioner was a private m
his company, and was sick, as above stated, and
that he has been unhealthy ever since. The peti-
tioner produces the affidavits of Drs.. Milton
Shields, William C. Smith, and Rufus Taylor,
who testify that petitioner is not able to work—
is almostentirely disabled. The affidavits of three
aged people are presented, who testify that they
knew the petitioner before and since he was in the
Army, and that he was healthy before entering the
service, came home sick, and has been so ever
since. Francis Williams and John Robertson tes-
tify that they were privates in the same company,
and that the facts and circumstances stated above
are true of their own knowledge, and that Glas-
gow was honorably discharged at Rutledge, Ten-
nessee. The petitioner is now over seventy years
of age. His application for pension at the Pension
Office was rejected on the ground that the evidence
was not sufficiently clear that the "sickness or dis-
ability alleged was received while in the service."
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with n recommendation that it do pass.
ELIZA REEVES.
A bill (H. R. No. 467) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Eliza Reeves. [Objected to by Mr. Cur-
ry.]
HENRY FEDLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 468) for the relief of Henry
Fedlcr.
Mr. BRANCH. Can any gentleman tell why
this petitioner could not obtain his pension at the
Pension Office, if the facts be as stated in the re-
port ?
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to debate.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I object to the bill.
A. W. PLEMMING.
A bill (H. R. No. 469) for the relief of A. W.
Flemming. [Objected to by Mr. Branch.]
WILLIAM MERCY.
A bill (H.R.No.470)for the relief of William
Piercy. [Objected to by Mr. Carey.]
DAVID KOBLE'S REPRESENTATIVES.
A bill (li. R. No. 506) for the relief of the legal
representatives of David Noble, deceased. [Ob-
jected to L y Mr. Moore, of Kentucky.]
EPISCOPAL MISSIONARY SOCIETY.
An act (S. No. 106) authorizing the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant
Episcopal Church of the United States to enter a
certain tract of land in the State of Wisconsin.
The bill provides that the Domesticand Foreign
Missionary Socicty of the Protestant Episcopal
Church in the United States be authorized to enter,
at the rate of $1 25 per acre, a certain traetofland
known as the mission farm,and numbered as lot
No. 18, on the east bank of Fox river, near Green
bay, Wisconsin, having a front on Fox river of
six chains, and runningeastwardly back from the
river, between parallel lines one hundred and
fifty-four and sixty-nine hundredths chains, and
containing ninety-two and eighty-one hundredths
superficial acres.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
DANIEL DAVIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 507) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to issue a land warrant to
Daniel Davis.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
issue a land warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres to Daniel Davis for his set vices as a team-
ster i;i Wayne's war, ill 1795.
The report states that Daniel Davis was a team-
ster in Captain Farrow's company of teamsters,
under the command of Quartermaster John Mat-
thews; that he entered the service of the quarter-
master about the 20th of May, 1795, for the term
of three months, and continued in the service for
that period of time, when he was honorably dis-
charged by the quartermaster at Greenville; that
whilst in the service he was engaged in hauling
supplies from Fort Hamilton to Fort Greenville,
which was then the head-quarters of General
Wayne. The discharge of Davis is lost; but Syl-
van us Olney and LucenaMann testify under oath
that they knew Davis at the time he was in the
service. They had very often seen him perform-
ing duty as a soldier and teamster. The witnesses
are certified to be credible persons. The records
containing the names of those who performed ser-
vice during Wayne's war are notoriously imper-
fect. But the committee believe that the evidence
accompanying the memorial is amply sufficient to
justify them in reporting a bill granting him ons
hundred and sixty acres of land.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARY JEMISON.
A bill (H. R. No. 508) for the relief of tlio heirs
of Mary Jemison, deceased.
Mr. Q.UARLES. I move to add to the bill the
following proviso:
Provided, That the money herein appropriated shall be
paid only to the heirs of said Mary Jemison ill person, or
to such agent or attorney appointed by'hcr as maj*appear
to the proper accounting officer of the Treasury not to be
in anywise interested in such appropriation, or any part
thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I am forced to object to the
bill.
CELESTIA P. HARTT.
A bill (H. R.No. 509) for the relief of Celestia
P. Hartt, widow of Constructor Samuel P. Hartt.
[Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
JOHN RANDOLPH CLAY.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 5) authorizing tha
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to re-
vise and adjust the accounts of John Randolph
Clay, United States minister to Peru.
Mr. BRANCH. I have examined that case,
and am satisfied that it ought not to pass. The
reason Mr. Clay did not receive anything for ex-
change, was because the exchange in his caso
was always in favor of the United States. I ob-
jeet.
FRANCIS DAINESE. *
An act (S. No. 14) for the relief of Francis
Dainese. '
Mr. STANTON. That is an old acquaintanes
of mine. I think it had better be postponed a littls
longer. I object.
THE BARK ADRIATIC.
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 14) relative to the
alleged seizure and condemnation of the American
bark Adriatic by the French authorities. *
Mr. PHELPS. That is a public, and not a
private bill. It settles a general principle, and I
object.
E. GEORGE SQUIER. #
A bill (H. R. No. U) for the relief of E. George
Squicr, of New York.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I know all
about that case, and I object.
JANE B. EVANS.
A bill, (II. R. No. 471) for the relief of Jans
B. Evans. [Objected to by Mr. Hoard.]
HALL NEILSON.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 28) for the relief
of Hall Neilson. .
Mr. TAYI^pIl. That is an old acquaintance;
and I object.
J. C. G. KENNEDY.
A bill (II. R. No. 512) for the relief of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy.
Mr. MAYNARD. This case was reported by
me from the Committee of Claims. It was unan-
imously agreed to by that committee. By consent
of the House, I will give a syllabus of the report,
to save time.
There was no objection.
Mr. MAYNARt>. There arc two^branches in
the case. The first branch of the claim is for the
