2B60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
difference between $3,000 and $2,500 a year. The
sum of $3,GOO per annum was originally allowed
to Mr. Kennedy, and paid to him. By reference
to the report of Mr. Simmons, made during the
last Congress, the committee will perceive, by
some misapprehension, that the Treasury Depart-
ment adjudged that he was entitled to only §2,500
per annum, and that he was a defaulter to the
extent of some fifteen hundred dollars, the excess
of salary paid him for three years. To make up
that amount of f1,500, they nave withheld money
to which he was entitled as a clerk of one of the
committees of this House.
The other branch of the claim is for damages
sustained in a house which was used for the oper-
ations of the Census bureau in taking the last
census. The proof is, that the house was rented
by him, and that, by being subjected to heavy
burdens of printed and other matter, and because
of careless and negligent use on the part of the
clerks, it was considerably move damaged than
the committee provide for. That is the nature of
the case. The amount reported is $2,000 for dam-
ages to the house and SI,500 for salary.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have been acquainted with
that claim for several years. It was at first an
exceedingly unjust case; and I presume that it is
no better now. I object.
guadalupe estudillo de arguello.
"An aft (S. No. 1X7) for the relief of Guadalupe
Estudillo de Arguello, widow of Santiago E. Ar-
guello.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move to add to the end
of that bill the following proviso:
Provided, That the moneys herein appropriated slmU be
paid to tiie said Arguello m person.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAREY. I "object to the bill.
Mr. BU11CH. There never was a just case if
the one just objected to be not just. If we are
to go on in the way we have, I see no use of our
sitting hero; and I therefore move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. BURCH. 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. CURRY. I renew the motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Moo eh e ad
and Florence were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventeen.
Mr. CURRY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. THOMAS. I renew t&u motion that the
committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
So the committee refused to rise.
s. s. green.
A bill (H. R. No. 514) for the relief of Samuel
S. Green.
"Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 would like to Ttnow
from the gentleman who reported that bill, why
tlie Post Office Department did not receive the ex-
cuses rendered by Mr. Green for his failure to
perform the service he contracted for. My un-
derstanding is, that wherever there are good and
sufficient reasons, such as are alleged in this case,
the Post Office Department will allow them to jus-
tify the party for not complying with lus contract
in the delivery of mails at the times fixed. We
have not a word from the PostOlfiee Department
showing that this claim ought to pass. There is
no good reason given, m my judgment, to justify
the discharge of this man from the fine imposed
upon him by the Post Office Department, if there
bu any report from the Post Office Department on
the subject, or any statement that will show this
party ought to be discharged, I will make ao ob-
jection; otherwise, I must object.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will state, Mr. Chairman,
that 1 had occasion during the last session of Con- i
gress to examine the papers connected with tins !
case, and, from the knowledge I had of the uni-
form practice of the Department in a' number of
eases which had fallen undermy observation, and
from the facts as they were established, I was
satisfied it was eminently proper that the relief
proposed to be given by this bill should be given
to tins gentleman. The route from New Orleans
to Key West was a new route, and it was found
almost impossible at all times to arrive in accord-
ance with the schedule. The variance from the
schedule was small. From my examination of
papers in other cases allowed by the Department,
I found that it had been the uniform practice of the
Department to remit fines where the departures
were much greater and more frequent than they
have been in this instance. In this case it was
shown that most of the failures to arrive grew out
of an extraordinary distress of weather.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to all further de-
bate.
Mr. MORSE. I have had occasion to examine
this case, and there is not a juster one upon the
Calendar.
Mr. CRAWFORD. My objection is not a
captious one. I am satisfied that there are at least
five thousand persons now carrying the United
States mails who will be entitled to relief. I object.
guadalupe estudillo de arguello again.
Mr. CAREY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Committee to withdraw my objection to
Senate bill No. 17, an act for the relief of Guada-
lupe Estudillo de Arguello, widow of Santiago E.
Arguello.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the Clerk will read the bill.
There was no objection.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Guadalupe Estdaillo
de Arguello, widow of Santiago E. Arguello, late
a captain in the California battalion, the sum of
$14,000, for losses of property sustained by him
during the period of such service, and in conse-
quence thereof.
Mr. THOMAS. I move to amend that bill by
striking out " $,14,808,"and insert in lieu thereof
" §11,548," which is the estimate contained in
the Senate report.
Mr. WALTON. I desire to state that there is
one point in that case which is not stated in the
report.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will un-
derstand that debate is not in order, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WALTON. I do not desire to debate the
bill, but merely to state a matter of evidence.
Objection was made.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS. I object to the bill.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think we had better rise,
and I therefore submit a motion to that effect.
The motion was not agreed to.
a. t. spencer and others.
A bill (S. No. 221) for the relief of A. T. Spen-
cer and G-urdon S. Hubbard. [Objected to by
Mr. Gartkell.]
The next bill was a House bill for the reliei of
the same parties, and was also objected to by Mr.
Gartrf.li..
robert douglass.
A bill (H. R. No. 516) for the relief of Robert
Douglass, survivor of Douglass & Beman. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Gautiiell.]
george 1\ weans.
A bill (H. R. No. 517) for the relief of George
F. Means.
The bill directs the Postmaster General to pay
to George F. Means, ofVn ginia, the sum of gl ,020;
being the amount due him for carrying the mails
on routes 4243 and 4244, in Virginia, up to the
1st of January, 1SOO.
It appeals, from the report, that Means con-
tracted with the Post Office Department to carry
the mails on routes Nos. 4243 and 4244, in Vir-
ginia, to commence the 1st of July, 1859; that on
that day he commenced to carry the mails, and
continued to carry them until the 1st of January,
18G0, when he tlnew up the contract and aban-
doned the service, for the reason that the Depait-
ment failed to pay him anything for his services,
and he was unable to perform the service any
longer without pay, and was driven to the neces-
sity of abandoning the service; that the Depai t-
mcnt alleged, as a reason for not paying him, that
Congress failed to pass the Post Office appropri-
ation bill, and the Department was therefore un-
able to pay.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That bill, instead
of appropriating *J1,020, should only appropriate
$820. I move to amend the bill accordingly.
The amendment was agreed to.
No objection beingmade, the bill waslaid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
samuel h. woodson.
A bill (H. R. No. 518) for the relief of Samuel
H. Woodson. [Objected to by Mr. Stanton.]
harvey allen.
A bill (H. R. No. 519) for the relief of Harvey
Allen, of Wisconsin. [Objected to by Mr. Craw-
ford.]
rtiBLic schools of washington.
A bill (H. R. No. 520) directing the convey-
ance of a lot of ground for the use of the public
schools of the city of Washington.
The bill directs the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to convey to the corpoiation of the city
of Washington, in the District of Columbia, all
the right, title, and interest of the United States
in and to that parcel of land designated upon the
map of the city as lot No. 14, in square two hun-
dred and fifty, for the use of the public schools
and for no other purpose, provided the lot shall
not be sold, assigned, or conveyed, or diverted,
by the corporation, for any other purpose than
the one contemplated by this act.
Noobjection beingmade,the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
william p. b0w1iay.
Mr. TAPPAN. With the permissien of the
gentleman who made the motion that the commit-
tee do now rise, I would like to ask the commit-
tee to take up out of its order the bill to which 1
referred the other day. It is Senate bill No. 337,
for the relief of William P. Bowhay.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. TAPPAN. I hope the committee will al-
low me to take up this bill. It passed the Senate
unanimously; and appropriates some eight hun-
dred dollars to an old man who has been around
here all winter upon crutches, and who is literally
starving to death.
The bill, which was read,directs that the sum of
$800 be allowed to William P. Kowhay, for severe
personal injuries received byhim whilst employed
by the United States on board of the frigate Con-
gress, and which rendered him a cripple for life;
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The report was lead, as follows:
Mr. ISovviiay claims to have invented a machine for dow-
eling, wliietl he asserts has been lor many > ears u>edui ttie
n.ivy-yardsof the United States in tlie construction of ships
of wai; tlie claimant obtained a patent for this machine m
1816, winch has long since expired, and whether the Gov-
ernment Im* used it or not, the ur^e of tin; machine was open
to the world, and the Government cannot be held if spons-
ible for it. Besides, the superintendent of the Bureau of
Constmction states, in a letter which was before the com-
mittee, that the machine in question has not been used by
the Government for the last twenty-five years.
The committee, therelote, cannot admit that the peti-
tioner has arty claim lor the alleged use of his machine.
The committee, howevei, considered the petitioner's case
in another aspect. Under the petition referred, and the
facts stated and proved, it appears that lie was in the em-
ployment of the United States as a ship carpenter, on board
the United States ship Congress, at the navy-yard at Wash-
ington city, as far hack as 1816; that whilst so employed,
and at work on the ship, tlie f-cafiolding gave way, and he
was precipitated into the hold of the ship, receiving a dan-
geiou  fall, ami was taken up insensible—was seriously hurt
and wounded; and that lie has been a cripple from that day
to this.
The claimant came in person before the committee, with
a reputable witness, who was piesentat the time of the ac-
cident, and who testified to the lacts ?-tated in the petition.
The claimant exhibits luuwlf as a very old and very m-
finn man, much crippled, and evidently incapacitated to
earn a subsistence. The committee consider him a pttable
object, and appealing sstrongly to (heir .sympathy. As the
injuries which hav/  thus rendered him incapable of sup-
posing himself were received whilst in the employment of
Government, and from no fault of his own, they consider
him eminently entitled to relief.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether this injury was received while Bowhay
was acting as a mechanic m the temporary em-
ployment of the Government.
Mr. TAPPAN. He was m the pei manent em-
ploy of the Government; and tlie injury was re-
ceived by falling into the hold of a vessel. I see
the report of the Senate committee states the sum
at §500. I move that the bill be amended by re-
ducing the sum from $800 to $500.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish the commit-
