1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appointed during the month of December, the per
diem from the meeting of Congress. It will make
a little difference—not $100 to each of the clerks.
I had a resolution pointed out to me, passed in
1857, which I think covers the matter, allowing
this, and, as I think, establishing it as the rule of
the Senate; but I am informed that different chair-
men of committees have construed this matter
differently. Some, perhaps, have certified and
enabled their clerks to obtain a per diem from the
beginning of the session; others have not; and
hence there is some difference as to the pay. It
is a very trifling matter. The whole amount in-
volved to the clerks is very small, but it is an
object to them.
I would further say that these gentlemen had
been acting as clerks before, and were here at the
beginning of the session, because they expected
to be employed. The gentleman who has men-
tioned this matter to me, who is clerk to one of
the committees of which I am a member, has been
a most faithful and excellent officcr, and I felt
bound to bring the matter to the attention of the
Senate. I hope it will be allowed to pass, and
that they will secure pay from the first of the
Congress, instead of about the middle of Decem-
ber, when most of them received appointments
from the chairmen. The committees were not
organized until about the middle of December,
and these clerks were waiting.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope this resolution will
be adopted. These clcrks were here, as I under-
stand, from the commencement of the session,
but were not technically employed. It involves
no principle of extra allowance, but .merely the
construction of the length of time they are em-
ployed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have objected to this
resolution once, and 1 rise now merely to say
that 1 do not mean to contest this pay to the
clerks further; not only in this case, but in regard
to some other resolutions that have been offered
to make them permanent clcrks. I have called
the attention of the Senate to th^matter. I think
it is greatly to be regretted that the employes of
the Senate, at the close of each session, should
come in here for these little allowances. It is
unpleasant to Senators; but it seems to me there
is a disposition to press them on the consideration
of the Senate. I do not think there is one particle
of justice m them. The clerks get six dollars a
day. We kn$w there are hundreds and thou-
sands of young men in the country who would be
very glad to act as clerks for committees from the
time of their employment. But there seems to be
a disposition on all parts of the Senate to allow
these things, to make donations to the clerks;
and, so far as I am concerned, I shall not inter-
pose any further, having called the attention of
the Senate to it, if they think proper to pay their
clcrks from the commencement of the session,
when they are not employed, and we know many
of them are not employed one twentieth part of
the time after the engagement is made by the com-
mittees. There are clerks here that have not been
employed three days during the whole session,
that get six dollars a day. Some of the commit-
tees that have not probably met half a dozen
times have clerks. It is worth while that the
country should know this. There was a resolu-
tion pending the other day to make all clerks of
committees permanent clcrks. I objected to that
resolution then; but if Senators think proper to
press these things,and renew them, so far as I am
concerned I am not going to put mvself in the :
position of objecting here day after (lay to these
small matters. I think it would be much better
if Senators would abstain from offering them.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered. That the California Stage Company have leave
to withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLSON, it was
Ordered. That the petition mid papers of Jacob Bijrelow,'
administrator of Francis Cazeau, on the flies of the Senate,
be referred to the Court of Claims.
SIOUX INDIANS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to report the following
resolutions, and to ask for their present consider-
ation:
Whereas, by the second articles of the treaties of June
19, 183tf, with the Med-a-wa-kan-ton and Wah pa-koo-ta,
and the Sisse-ton and Wah-pa-tonbandsof the Dacot&h or
Sioux Tndians, it is submitted to the Senate to decide a  to
the right or title of said bands of Indians to the lands em-
braced in the reservations occupied by them on the Minne-
sota river, in the State of Minnesota, and what compen-
sation shall be made to them for those portions of &aid
reservations lying on the north side of that river, which they
agreed by said treaties to surrender and relinquish to the
United States ; <• whether they shall be allowed a specified
sum in money therefor, and, it so, how much; or whether
the same shall be sold for their benefit, they toreceivc the
ptoceeds of sueh sale, deducting the necessary expenses
incident thereto j" and whereas said Indiana were permit-
ted to retain and occupy said reservations in lieu of other
lands winch they were entitled to under the amendments
of the Senate to the treaties made with tlietn in the year
1851, and huge amounts of the money of said Indians have
been expended by the Government "m improvements and
otherwise upon the lands contained in said reservations ;
and whereas, by act of Congress of July 31, 1854, said res-
ervations wore authorized to be confirmed to those Indians:
Resolved, That said Indians po^sc&sed a just and valid
right and title to said reservations, and that they be allowed
the sum of thirty cents per acre for the lands contained in
that portion thereof lying on the north side of the Minne-
sota river, exclusive of the cost of survey and sale, or any
contingent expen&e that may accrue whatever, which, by
the treaties of June, 18o9, they have relinquished and given
up to the United States.
Resolved further, That all persons who have in good faith
settled and made improvements upon any of the lands con-
tained in said reservations, believing the same to be Gov-
ernment lands, shall have the right of preemption to one
hundred and sixty acres thereof, to include their improve-
ments, on paying the sum of $1 25 per acre therefor: Pro-
vided, That when such settlements have been made on
the lands of the Indians on the south side of the Minnesota
rivei, the assent of the Indians s-hall first be obtained, in
such manner as the Secietary of the Interior Khali pre-
scribe, and that the amount which shall be so paid tor their
lands shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the lcsolutions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
resolutions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have some
explanation of those resolutions. I do not under-
stand them. Justas we arc all in confusion here,m
the last moments of the session, they are intro-
duced, and we may well be excused for not know-
ing anything about them. I should like to hear
an explanation from some one.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If i can gain the attention
of the Senate for one minute, I can make this thing
very plain and very apparent. By the treaty of
1858, between the Sioux nation of Indians in Min-
nesota and the United States, there were two
questions referred to the Senate to decide as an
umpire between them. The first was, whether
they had a title to a certain tract of land; and in
the next place, if they had,'whatamount the Uni-
ted States should allow them for it—whether the
netproceeds or around sum. Upon the first ques-
tion which was referred to the Senate, I do not
think there is even a pretext of a quibble as to the
title of the land at all, that being a certainty. As
to the amount that should be allowed to them, the
Committee on Indian Affairs thought, under con-
sideration ofall thecircumstances,thattlurty cents
an acre was a fair price and equivalent for the land;
and while it is liberal towards the Indians it is
entirely just toward the United States. It indem-
nifies us for all thcexpenses, contingent or other-
wise, which the Government may incur on ac-
count of that land. We have already acquired all
the land by the treaty of 1S58, and the question
left to the Senate is simply what wo. shall pay for
it. The committee have recommended an amount
which I think is just and fair between the parties.
That is all there is about it. There is no com-
plication of the question at all.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I understand the
proposition, you arc taking away from the In-
dians, by a forccd bargain, the land upon which
our people have settled, and leave them to pay
the Indians, $1 25 an acre. I so understand it.
Mr, SEBASTIAN. "We have taken them by
the treaty of 1858, and left it to the Senate to say
how much they shall have.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. We cannot settle any
§ucb question. I understand it is taking this land
away from tlie Indians, to whom it belongs by
treaty; and if that be the condition of the la$a,
we cannot determine anything about it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Will the Senator frpm
Kentucky allow me a moment?
Mr. CRITtEND£N. Certainly.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am certain he rpis^pjjre-
hends this question. It is very clear. We acquired
this land by the treaty of 1858. It is ours now;
and the only point of disagreement between th$
Government and the Indians was as to how much
money we should pay them for it; and that" was
left to the Senate to decide as umpire. Now, sir,
the resolution proposes to make that final decision,
and to pay them thirty cents an acre. We have
the land by the treaty, and, unless we do this, we
pay nothing.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. In such acon/usion as
we have here, I may well not understand it, $nd
that is a very good reason to me for not being dis-
posed to act upon it, so far as I am concerned* If
the Senate choose to do so, of course I have noth-
ing to say. I do not understand it, and I shall
not, therefore, vote for it. Why was not this prop-
osition brought up before? We have been in ses-
sion, eight months, and now, within ten minutes
of the adjournment of the Senate, when all busi-
ness is supposed to be done, this proposition is
brought forward. I shall vote against it, because
I do not understand it.
Mr. WILKINSON. The ad©ption of these
resolutions is absolutely necessary to the preser-
vation of peace on the borders. As the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs h.as stated,
this land was purchased by the Government by
the treaty of 1858. It was afterwards left by the
Indians, by an arrangement with the Government,
to the Senate, to determine what should be paid
for a certain quantity of land which was to be re-
served in the original treaty, but winch the Sen-
ate had not acceded to. An amendment to the
treaty was made by the Senate, striking out the
reservations. Afterwards a law was passed au-
thorizing the President to reserve these Indiana
some land; and then it was agreed between the
Indians and the Government that it should be left
to the Senate to determine what should be paid for
certain lands which they were to have received
under the treaty of 1858, but which the Senate
rejected. The reservation was granted there, and
afterwards extended over some lands which had
been settled upon by settlers in good fai'tft, sup-
posing the land belonged to the Government of
the'United States, as it did at the time. .These
resolutions propose to settle the whole question.
To show the absolute necessity of it, and the dan-"
ger that will arise from leaving this question open,
1 have aletter from the Interior Department, which
can be read if desired. Information is received
that murders are being committed upon the border
continually. Here is a letter dated the 25th of
June, from the Interior Department, directed to
my colleague and myself, requesting the action of
the Senate upon" these resolutions, in order that
pcace may bo preserved on the border, and ill
which it is urged at once to the Senate for their
immediate action.
Mr. FEvSSENDEN. I do not think it right, in
this stage of the session, to pass resolutions ap-
propriating money. We have hardly a quorum,
and there is a great confusion, nobody listening,
and nobody understanding it, and it is impossible
for anybody tu understand what this is; and yet
it is now proposed to us to make an award. We
have had one specimen already of an award that
was said to be made, and which was passed, prob-
ably, precisely undersimilar circumstances, when
nobody knew anything about it. I move, there-
fore, that the further consideration of these reso-
lutions be postponed until the first Monday in
December next. They cannot possibly be acted
on now with any understanding at all.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. With the permission of my
friend from Minnesota, I rise merely to express
my earnest hope that this matter will not be post-
poned. It is a matter which concerns the people
and the Indians of Minnesota entirely, and the
two Senators of that State feel a very lively and
a very just interest in it. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have given this subjeet just consid-
eration. It is a small question at most, and if the
Senate do not understand it, I am satisfied the
