1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2361
toe to understand what they are called upon to
do. This carpenter, or shipwright, was not in
the regular employment of the Government, ex-
cept as a day laborer. If we mean to say that
evej-y man in the Government employ, who gets
hurt in the service, is to be fixed upon the Gov-
ernment as a pensioner, then you will support
this claim; otherwise you toill not.
The amendment was agreed to.
No objection being made, the bill, as artiended,
was laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. THOMAS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
EAST WASHINGTON LIBRARY ASSOCIATION.
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to incorporate the East
Washington Library Association.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to know how
that bill came to be put upon the Private Calen-
dar?
Mr. PHELPS. It is a public bill, and ought
to be placed upon the Calendar of the Committee
of the Whole on. the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let it r,ass, as it is
now before us. What harm will it do?
Mr. STANTON. None in the world; but it
is a public bill, and ought not to be here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that it has been decided heretofore, by the ruling
of the Chair, that the committee is bound to coi.-
sider bills which are referred to the Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move that the bill
be laid aside, to be repoited to the House with a
recommendation that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to state to
the gentleman from Ohio what will be the cffect
of lus proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope no obstacle will be
thrown in the way of the passage of tins bill. It
merely relates to a library organization. 1 move
that it be laid aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN GAS-LIGHT COMPANY. *
A bill (H. R. No. 522) to incorporate the Met-
ropolitan Gas-Light Company, in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. STANTON. I must object to any more
of these public bills being considered and passed
in this committee. They have no right to be upon
this Calendar.
Mr. FLORENCE. I objected to this bill when
it was referred to this committee, and I move that
it be leported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS. I move that the committee
do now rise,
Mr. STOKES. I ask my colleague from Ten-
nessee to give way a moment. I ask the House
to take up House bill No. 336; and if they will
hear a very brief statement, I presume no one
will object.
Mr. STANTON. Is it the next bill upon the
Calendar ?
Mr. STOKES. It is not.
Mr. PEYTON. Then I object.
The question was then taken upon the motion
that the committee do rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr.Stanton having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Bur-
nett reported that the Committee of the Whole
House had had the Private Calendar under con-
sideration, and had directed him to report, with
amendments, and with a recommendation that
they do pass:
A bill (H. 11. No. 44") for the relief of Harriet
R. F. Vinson;
A bill (H. R. No. 453) granting an invalid
pension to Anselm Claekson, of Missouri;
A lull (H. R. No. 454) granting a pension to
Andrew Templeton;
A bill (H. R. No. 458) for the relief of Mrs.
Rachel McMillan;
A bill (H. R. No. 405) granting a pension to
Alary Shirrlit)', widow of John Shirchff;
A 'bill (II. It. No. 517) for the relief of George
F. Means; and
An act (S. No. 373) for the relief of William P.
Bowhay.
Also, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that they do pass:
A bill (H. R. No. 448) granting an invalid
pension to Esther P. Fox, widow of Augustus C.
Fox;
A bill (H. R. No. 449) for the relief of Eunice
Cobb;
A bill (H. R. No. 450) fortherelief of Thomas
Berry;
A bill (H. R. No. 452) granting a pension to
Asa Wells;
A bill (H. R. No. 455) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Chauncey Hoyt, of Chenango county,
New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 456) granting a pension to
James Alexander, an invalid soldier of the war
of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 459) granting an increase of
pension to James Dtjnmng;
A bill (H. R. No'. 460) granting an invalid pen-
sion to William Eddy;
A bill (H. R. No. 461)grantingan invalid pen-
sion to Charles Appieton;
A bill (H. R. No. 462) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Hugh Baker;
A bill (H. R. No. 463)granting an invalid pen-
sion to Samuel Hamilton;
A bill (H. R. No. 466) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Thomas Glasgow;
An act (S. No. 106) authorizing the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant
Episcopal Church of the United States to enter a
certain tract of land in the State of Wisconsin;
A bill (H. R.No. 507) authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to issue a land warrant to Daniel
Davis;
A bill (II. R. No. 520) directing the convey-
ance of a lot of ground for the use of the public
schools of the city of Washington; and
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to incorporate the East
Washington Library Association.
And that they had also instructed him to report,
with a recommendation that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
a bill (H. R. No. 522) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Gas-Light Company m the District of
Columbia.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the bills reported from the committee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the several amendments to the
bills of the House Nos. 447, 453, 454, 458, 465,
517 were agreed to.
The bills of the House Nos. 447, 454,458, 517,
448, 449, 450, 452, 455, 456, 459, 460, 461, 462,
46.3, 465, 4C6, 507, 520, and 521 were then sever-
ally ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, they were, with Senate bill
No. 106, accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
1 WILLIAM P. BOW'IIAY.
An act (S. No. 373) for the relief of William
P. Bowhay, reported from the Committee of the
Whole House with the amendment.
Mr. TAPPAN. I offered the amendment to
this bill under the supposition that the engrossing
clerk in the Senate must have made a mistake in
the engrossment of the bill; and that the sum was
probably intended to be >,500, as stated in the re-
port, instead of £800. That was the understand-
ing of the Committee of Claims of the House.
But I have since ascertained, from the Committee
on Claims in^hc Senate, that after the report was
made, they unanimously raised the sum to §800.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment will be
voted down, so as to save the necessity of send-
ing back the bill to the Senate. It is a small pit-
tance, at the best.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the amend-
ment will stand. It is an act of grace to this man
at all events. The whole principle is wrong.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to see gentle-
men who stickle so much for principle show
their hands on this matter.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ala-
bama seems to judge others by himself.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky flutters, as if my remark applied to him.
I presume he feels the force of it.
The question was taken; and the bill was
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
A bill (H. R. No. 522) to incorporate the Met-
ropolitan Gas-light Company, in the District of
Columbia—reported back from the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, with
a recommendation that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURNETT. That bill is merely an act
of incorporation, to incorporate another gas com-
pany in this city. If there ever was anything
needed to protect this community from extortion,
it is another gas company. I hope the House
will not refer it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, but pass it now.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust not, I object.
Mr. HUGHES. I have an amendment to move
to the bill, if it is to be considered now. My
amendment is quite an important one.
Mr. BURNETT. It is not in order to offer an
amendment now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question has been ordered on the engrossment
and third reading, and no amendment is in order.
Tile question was taken on referring the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and the House refused so to refer it.
Mr, GARTRELL. I rise to a question of
order. Am I right in holding that it requires
the unanimous consent of the House to take up
that bill at this time and put it on its passage ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is entirely mistaken. Itis reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, with the recommen-
dation that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It comes up
in the regular order, and the question is first on
referring it to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. If not so referred, the
question recurs on the engrossment and third
reading of the bill.
Mr. GARTRELL. And is the bill in order
to-day ?
The SPEAKER pre tempore. Certainly it is;
for it comes up as a report from the Committee of
the Whole House. It was improperly referred
to a Committee of the Whole House in the first
instance; but, coming here as a report from that
committee, it is now regularly in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit the pointof order
that, as the House refused to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, it
remains on tbs Calendar, and cannot be put upon
its passage.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
on the engrossment and third reading of the bill;
and on that the previous question has been or-
dered.
Mr. HUGHES. I gave intimation that I had
an amendment to offer to the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No amendment
is m order, the mam question having been or-
dered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. BURNETT moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the bill on
the table. I protest against this hasty consider-
ation, without previous notice, of an act of incor-
poration. I know nothing of the merits of the
bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania is not in order. The bill is
not debatable.
Mr. FLOR.ENCE. Not in order to debate it,
and no consideration given to it. [Calls to
"Order!")
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I call for the read-
ing of the bill.
Tile bill was read.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 withdraw the demand for
