1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
nucleus in the national armories. I am not for
abolishing them; but I am for regulating the ap-
propriations so as to do justice to the Govern-
ment, as well as to that branch of national in-
dustry.
I do not say that I am opposed to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Botf.-
ler,] It maybe that an appropriation of|400,000
is neccssary. But I desire that the usefulness of
that appropriation shall be made known, that the
matter shall be brought to our knowledge, and
that the whole thing shall be explained and dis-
cussed, so that we may vote understandingly
upon it. I am not unfriendly to that branch of
the service. I do not desire that it shall be abol-
ished. I think it would be unwise for Congress
to abolish it altogether. We should keep our
manufacture of, and improvement in, arms within
our own borders, and not trust such an import-
ant matter to aliens and foreign countries. We
shouldfoster and protect and encourage improve-
ments in arms, and their manufacture in our na-
tional armories; but we should do so with an eye
to justice and economy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD. I am in favor of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Virginia, and
opposed to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, reducing the amount from
$400,000 (o $398,000. It is true that t(je Secre-
tary of War recommended an appropriation of
$250,000 for the armories; but, at the same time,
lie said that he felt it would not bo economy to
reduce the appropriation to that amount. Now,
sir, what do the facts in this case show? We are
(old by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bote-
ler] that this appropriation wilt keep these arm-
ories in operation for but seven months of the
year, and we are told by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Oelako] that the mechanics em-
ployed at these armorio:; have eae.il their specially,
and are employed for special work only. Sup-
pose. we reduce tlieaiiioiint ofservice from one year
to seven months: these mechanics will bo thrown
out of work for five months, and must seek em-
ployment elsewhere; hence we shall lose the ben-
efit of their experience in the manufacture of arms
for the Government.
Again: it is necessary to keep the armories in
operation in order that we may keep up with the
improvements of the times. Tlicri: arc five hun-
dred thousand stand of arms under the improve-
ments of ]fc'-12, but only fifty thousand under the
improvement of the Minie rille now in tin- arm-
ories; so that if the militia should be called into
the field, we have really but fifty thousand stand
of arms. Gentlemen say that these arms should
be manufactured by contract, and that, when we
need them, the contracts eati be mode. Now, we
need one million stand of nuns all the time for the
use of the country. We should, therefore, keep
up the armories; and if $100,000 is necessary to
keep them in operation for twelve months, then
we ought to appropiiote that amount.
ii'' apAULES. I withdraw my amendment
Mr. WLLLS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia, by substi-
tuting " $225,000" for " $400,000."
1 am not one of those who believe that the mil-
lennium is at hand; but 1 do believe that "we ou°ht
to do what we mn to bring it about-, and that one
of the best methods that we could adopt to brin"
about (hat most desirable result would be to re-
duce the expense of our A rni y and Navy. I would
not reduce it at once, I believe that evil must be
remedied by degrees, as well as it must increase
by degrees.
Now, sir, it was the. motto of the "Washington
Crlobe, m olden times, that " the world is gov-
erned too much." I appeal to our friends upon i
the other side to stand by that motto now, end to !
take the initiative, as far as we can, in reduein'*-
tne expenses of the Army and Navy. D 1
I conceive that it would not be light to strike out
this whole appropriation at once, ami for this ob-
vious reason: that the Government has encouraged
in its armories a system of industry which it would
be unjust to annihilate at once. By a gradual and
direct reduction, wo can, however, enable the men
employed in that branch of industry to seek other
occupation; and if it is once understood that the
policy of this Government is to reduce- this branch
of its expenditures, industry will find its proper
level I am, therefore, opposed to increasing the
appropriation in this case. I am anxious that it
should be reduced, but in such a manner as not to
injure these mechanics, particularly those repre-
sented by ifty friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Delano.J
Mr. BOTELER. The gentleman from Now
York says that he docs not dcsiie to injure those
whom I have the honor to represent—the mechan-
ics of Harper's Perry.
A Member. He confined his remarks to Spring-
field.
Mr. BOTELER. Ah! Well, I do not desire
to injure the mechanics at Springfield,but to ben-
efit them. It seems, however, that the gentleman
from New York has no care for those at our arm-
ory. I happen to know, from my own personal
observation, as I have already said, that the legis-
lation of last year upon this subject was a serious
injury to the mechanics at Harper's Ferry; and
I tell the House again, that unless my amendment
is adopted, it will be a fatal blow to the armory
at Harper's Ferry. That place has attained an
unhappy notoriety before the country during the
last few months, which I am sure gentlemen will
not readily forget. It has received two terrible
blows within the last year, sir; one by the reduc-
tion of the appropriation during the last session
of Congress, and the other by the foray of John
Brown. Now, I toll my friends upon both sides
oftheHouse thatifthisamendmeot isnotadopted,
if the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means is adhered to, it will boa harder hlow
at Harper's Ferry than even the foray of old John
Brown.
Mr. WELLS. I did not hear the remark which
was made by the gentleman from Virginia, but 1
understand from friends that he received the im-
pression from me that I was speaking in behalf
of the mechanics at Springfield 
Mr. BOTELER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELLS. And not in behalf of those at
Harper's Ferry. I wish the gentleman to under-
stand that J intended my remarks to apply to the
armories at both places.
Mr. BOTELER. I am very happy to hear it.
Mr. WELLS. I had no intention to be invid-
ious.
Mr. BOTELER. I am very glad that I did
misunderstand the honorable gentleman. In sup-
porting this amendment, it gives me great pleas-
ure to advocate the interests of the armory at
Spiingfieid, as wed as those of the one nf Har-
per's Kerry, f trust a vote will now be taken on
my amendment, «ml I hut it will meet with the
i.noiable action of this committee.
Mr. WASI [BURN, of Maine. If this debate
is continued much longer, 1 shall move that the
committee ripe, for the purpose of going into the
House and suspending all debate upon amend-
ments.
1 he CHAIRMAN. Doom the gentleman from
Maine submit any motion ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. No, sir; I will
not make the motion just now.
The question was taken on Mr. "Wells's
amendment to the amendment; and it was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. KJLGORE. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by reducing the appropriation $J,000.
I have, Mr. Chan man, but a single remaik to
make in this connection. For one,*I am not dis-
posed to give aid and comfort either to NewEng-
Jand or to the South. I have heaul a good many
threats thrown out during the present"session of
the probable hostilities that may arise between the
North and South. Yet now New England has
her champion upon this floor in favor of the ex-
tensive manufacture of arms by the Government,
and Virginia has hers for the same object. Each
comes lorward to-day as the advocate of an in-
creased appropi iation for the manufacture of arms
by the General Government; and for what pur-
pose? There are no threatened hostilities from
abroad. No, sir, the only difficulties that we are
threatened with are internal. Weil, Mr. Chair-
man, if that is the danger to be apprehended, I am
induced to believe that New England sagacity and
mechanical skill is amply sufficient to prepare her
for any emergency that may arise, growing out
ot any internal difficulty.. And our southern ■
friends are certainly quite able to take care of j
themselves. I hear that they are already armin°* j
their militia, and I am told that they are even >
tear hing their boys of twelve years of age to handle |
the rifle with skill and dexterity. So far as the
manufacture of arms there is concerned, I do not
see that there is any necessity for any increase
upon the part of this Government. If any inter-
nal difficulty ie to arise, 1 am in favor of allowing
the South to manufacture their own arms, and I
am decidcdly in favor of relying upon the science
and mechanical skill of thfc North and Northwest
for their protection.
The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker haying resumed the chair, a message was
received from the President of the United States,
by James Buchanan, his Private Secretary, in-
forming the House of his signature and approval
of the joint resolution for the relief of the con-
tractors of the Post Office Department. The com-
mittee then again resumed its session.
Mr. KILGORE. A great deal lias been said
in relation to arming the militia. "Why, sir, we
have thousands of arms distributed all over the
country that are rusting and cankering for want
of use; and so it will be if wo expend millions of
dollars in the manufacture of arms even embody-
ing all the latest improvements. Next year some
new improvement will be made of importance,
and the arms that we have manufactured will be
thrown aside, and we shall be asked to supply
new ones in their place. But, sir, of what avail
will it bo to arm the militia ? Gentlemen talk about
drilling the militia. Sir, it is useless. Has not
experience shown that troops taken fresh from
the plow have done as efficient service as the oldest
veterans? I refer gentlemen of the West to one
of their own sons, sometimes designated as the
Marion of the "West—General Joseph Lane—who
leaped from a flat-boat on the Mississippi, donned
the epaulets, and won distinguished laurels in
the battle of Buena Vista,and on other fields; and
1 should not be surprised if some day he might
exchange the epaulets for the robes of the Chief
Magistrate of the country. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRANCH. That is precisely what we
intend to put on him.
Mr. ASHMORE. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Indiana comes from aGtuakerdistiict?
Mr. KILGORE. No, sir; I do not. 1 have
had the honor to hold the command of a brigade
in my district; but for the last twenty years I
have not had occasion to put on my epaulets or
buckle on my sword.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I -wish to ask
the gentleman from Indiana whether it is his in-
tention to support General Lank, whom he eulo-
gizes so highly, if he is nominated ?
Mr. KILGORE I answer the gentleman from
Maryland most unhesitatingly that I do not ex-
pect to do any such thing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
to the gentleman from Indiana that he is wander-
ing from his amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. KILGORE. "Well, sir, I think my live
minutes are out; and I will not trouble the com-
mittee longer.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment originally offered by Mr. Boteler, increas-
ing the appropriation for the national armories to
§400,000.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
T< Hers were ordered; and Messrs. McKnight
and CrnnY were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes 74.
So Mr. Boteler's amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Spixxer's
amendment, to strike out the whole paragraph.
Mr. SPINNER. Would it be in order to move
to strike out the next two paragraphs at the same
tune?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not. No motion
can be made to amend a paragraph, until it has
been reached in the reading of the bill.
Mr SPINNER. If tlm is stricken out, it will
be necessary to strike out the others also, for the
sake of consistency. I give notice that I will, at
the proper time, move ft) strike them out, if my
amendment be agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WHITELEY. I propose to add a pro-
viso to the two paragraphs commencing with the
onu hundred and forty-second line and ending with
the one hundred and forty-ninth line; which I
ask may be read
