2362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
the previous question, for the purpose of offering
an amendment to make the last section of the bill
conform to the charter of the present gas-light
company. I mQvc to strike out, after the word
"capacity," the words, "to the amount of their
individual stock.'5
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill has been
engrossed and read a third time, and no amend-
ment is in order. The question is on the motion
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to the
incorporation of the company, if the biil can be
fairly considered. The hill, however, seems to
be very well worded.
Mr. BURNETT. It is the ordinary act of in-
corporation.
The question was taken on Mr. Florence's
motion to lay the bill on the tabic; and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill; and for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
not ordered.
The question was taken; and the bill was
passed.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTHA SANDERSON.
Mr. COX. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House that the Committee of the Whole House
be discharged from the further consideration of a
bill (H. R. No. 529) grantingaponsion to Martha
Sanderson, widow of Major Winslow F. San-
derson.
Mr. BRANCH.' I have no objection to that,
with the understanding that it shall be taken up
and considered in the Hou^e as if in a Committee
of the Whole House, so that, after the bill and
report have been read, a single objection shall
prevent its passage.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sup-
poses that no such condition as that can be
imposed in the House.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I must object.
Mr. COX. If gentlemen will hear the report,
there wiil be no objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill and
report will be read.
Mr. BURNETT. For information only ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. For information
only.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ri.se to a privileged
motion. I move th.tt (he IIousp do now adjourn.
ThcSPEAKER pro tempore. Before the House
adjourns, the Chair asks to have two bills from
the Senate,upon the Speaker's table, taken up and
referred to the appropriate committees.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no objection to
that.
THE SLATE TRADE.
A bill (S. No. 464) to amond an act entitled "Ail
act in addition to the acts prohibiting the slave
trade," was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second tnne, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
INSANE ASYLUM.
A bill (S. No. 4G^) to amend an act entitled
"An act to organize au institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy and of the District of Co-
lumbia, in said District," was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second time.
Mr. KELLOGGr, of Michigan. I desire to ask
the House to poss that bill now. It proposes a
single line of amendment m a law. It passed the
Senate unanimously yesterday; and the object of
passing u now is to relieve immediately an insane
officer on a revenue cutler, and get him admission
into the asylum in this District. I ask the House
to pillow it to be put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It proposes to amend the
fourth section of the act of March 3, 1855, so a
to make it read: >
Sre. 4. Jno he it further enactcd, That the order of tlie j
SeprKarv of \\ .u, and that of the Secretary of the Nuvy, |
aiui that of the SecM'tar} ofthe Trea^ur>, Miall authorize i
the Mipi'imt^uiMit to receive mvino pnsons, iMilutigmgto ]
ine Aiuiy oi rvuvv and revcijue-euttn m*iv iuo H'^peetively, i
a:iu Keep them in custody until they aio en red, or removed i
by the same authority winch ordered their reception. '
—.    —0—; 
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accoulingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
Thro latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
theUnited States,bythe hands of James Buchan-
an-, his Private Secretary, infoimmg the House
that lie had this day approved and signed a bill
(H. R. No. G95) for the relief of Asenath M. El-
liott, widow of Captain Edward G. Elliott; and
a bill (H. R. No. 702) making appropriations for
the construction of certain military roads in the
Territory of Washington.
THE SLAVE TRADE AGAIN.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill amendatory of the act for the
suppression of the slave trade was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I will state that if
the vote is reconsidered, my object is to move to
amend the motion to commit, so as to authorize
the Committee on the Judiciary to report back the
biil at any time. There are more than a thousand
negroes now at Key West. They must be dis-
posed of in some way or other, and prompt action
is necessary.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman can submit the
motion that the committee have leave to report
at any time, now, without reconsidering.
Mr. CURRY. I object.
Mr. BRANCH. XJnanimous consent is not
necessary. It can be carried by a two-thirds vote.
I insist, however, on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CURRY. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BRANCH. Is my motion to reconsider
entered ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is entered.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
The SPEAKER pro tempore, by unanimous
consent, laid before the House a communication
from, the Postmaster General, transmitting, in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the act of July 2,
1836, "to change the organization of the Post
Office Department," &e., abstiacts of offers for
carrying the mails during the year ending 1st July,
1859, and all contracts made for carrying the mails
within the year aforesaid;
Second, a statement of all land and water mails'
established by the Department within said year;
and
Third, a report on allowances made to contract-
ors, & c. *
The communication was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The question recurred on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CURRY. I withd raw the motion.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I claim the floor on my
motion to reconsider.
MARTIIA SANDERSON AGAIN,
Mr. COX. I rise to what I think is a question
of privilege. I desire to state it, and to ask the
Chair to give me some instruction as to what has
been done. I asked the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of House bill No. 529. There was
no objection, and the bill was taken out of com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair had
the bill and the report read for information, and
when they had been read, objection was made.
Mr. COX. With all respect to the Chair, I
think the question was put to the House, and no
objection at all was made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Branch] wanted to
make a condition that the rules of the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar
should be applied to the bill in the House. The
Chairstated that nosucli condition could be made,
and thereupon the gentleman from North Caro-
lina objected to discharging the committee. The
bill and report were read for information; but the
bill was objected to.
Mr. BURNETT. The Chair will recollect that
I asked the question at the time, whether the bill
was* being read for information, and the Chair
responded that it was.
THE SLAVE TRADE—AGAIN.
Mr. BRANCH. I now call up my motion to
reconsider the vote by which the biil in relation
to the slave trade was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary; and I demand the previous ques-
tion on the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The Question recurred on the motion to com-
mit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to amend that mo-
tion, so as to authorize the committee to report
the bill at any time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to amend that
motion as follows: that the Committee on the
Judiciary be instructed to report a bill to provide
for the sale of these negroes in the State of Flor-
ida, or their liberation in the State of Massachu-
setts. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
opinion that the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia is hardly in order on the reference of a
Senate bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Why not? The gen-
tleman from North Carolina proposes to instruct
the committee, to report at any time.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman is mistaken.
My motion is no instruction. It is only a motion
to authorize the committee to report back the bill
at any time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I move to instruct
them.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
will reduce his amendment to writing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit that the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia is not germane to
my amendment, and is out of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sup-
poses that the motion of the gentleman from Geor-
gia is hardly in order as an amendment to a motion
to authorize the committee to report at any time.
Mr. BRANCH. I call the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in order, at any time
before the previous question is demanded, to move
to instruct the committee how to report. I insist
that the gentleman from Georgia has a right to
have a vote on his amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. The Chair having ruled the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia out of
order, I insist on my demand for the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I want to know if the reason
why the gentleman from Georgia wants these ne-
groes sent to Massachusetts is that they may not
be stolen? [Lausrhtcr.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. [Cries of "Order!"
"Order!"] 1 insist on my right to answer the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Massachusetts was out of order in asking
the question, and the gentleman is therefore out
of order in answering it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. But, inasmuch as the
gentleman was allowed to ask the question, I in-
sist on answering it. I say that it would beverv
well to send them to Massachusetts, for they are
fond of free negroes there. [Shouts of "Order!"]
Mr, DAWES made a remark, which was not
heard, in consequence of the shouts of" Order !"
and the tumultuous confusion that at the moment
prevailed.
A Member in the background. Police! Police!
[Great laughter.]
The motion submitted by Mr. Branch was
agreed to.
The bill was then recommitted to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, with leave to report at any
j time.
j Mr. THOMAS. I move that the House ad-
ijourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman from Tennessee will withdraw thai
motion, to enable my colleague on the Commit-
; tee on Foreign Affairs to report a bill for the rc-
j hef of the interpreter to the Japan expedition.
I He has never been paid for his services at all.
I The House refused to adjourn—ayes 43, noes
i 80.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar
