THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
the late Governor, of Virginia, a few days ago,
when he was'making a speech upon the return of
the students from the medical colleges at the
North. The Governor of- Virginia in his remarks
oil Uiat occasion declared that he would not dis-
solve this Union, but that he would fight in the
Union., I hope, Mr. Clerk, my colleague will grant
me a few moments longer. I ask it respectfully.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will. I ask my colleague
if he would be in favor of armed resistance to such
a law.
Mr. STOKES. I will resist it in every shape,
manner, or form that it ever .comes. I will sub-
mit to no outrages from any quarter whatever.
Mr. WRIGHT. I thank my colleague that,
as a Tennesseean, he is unwilling to submit to
outrage.
Mr. STOKES. That resistance may result in
a dissolution of the Union. But, sir, I answer
again that to agree to a dissolution of the Union
I never will consent. lam sound upon the Union
question, sir. [Laughter.] I am for this Union;
and let me say to my colleague, and to the gen-
tlemen upon this floor, that when this Union of
ours is to be severed, it will not be done by a few
fanatics; it will not be done by a few Hotspurs,
designing politicians, 01- office-seekers; it will not
be done until after the deepest calculation, made
by whom? By the honest, hard-working yeo-
manry of the country; by the yeomanry of what
my colleague termed the mountain district which
I represent; by the bone and sinew of the coun-
try; not until they have had a voice in the matter.
They have to be consulted, they have to be talked
to-, they have to be advised with, as to whether it
would result to their benefit or to their loss. Let
me say, and I hope my colleague will indulge me
for a moment or two longer, that when this great
Union of ours is to be dissolved, it will not be the
result of impulse or passion; it will be done after
mature deliberation-, by the honest men of the
country, it will not bo done in a day, a week, a
month, or a year. No* sir  notwithstanding all
the speeches coming from the South in favor of
secession, I say, for all that, it will require cen-
turies to sever this Union of ours [Applause in
the galleries.] Has it come to this?
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope my colleague will not
take up more of my time.
Mr. STOKES. Only a minute or two longer,
i will simply make this statement, that I was very
much interrupted the other day in my remarks.
All I have now to remark is that I truly regret
that there have been sentiments uttered 011 this
floor in favor of disunion or secession. I regret
that it has come from the South. Has it come to
this, that a member of this House, who rises in
his placc after hearing disunion sentiments, and
proclaims that ho is in favor of this Union, and
will not let it go, under all hazards, and to the last
extremity; lias it come to this, I say, that that
humble member is to be abused for his sentiments?
I now yield the floor to my colleague.
Mr. RUST. Will tin! gentleman allow me a
moment?
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope my friend will excuse
me at this time.
Mr. Clerk, when my colleague, the other day,
was addressing the House, it seemed to mc that
he was actuated by a different sentiment than that
which nowmoves him. I confess, sir, that 1 was
very mucli astonished to hear my colleague make
the declarations that he made upon that occasion.
But now. sir, he declares that if the Black Repub-
licans get the control of this Government, and pass
any law which inflicts any injury 011 his constit-
uents, he will resist its execution, even to the
shedding of blood. He says he will resist it in
every way. Then, sir, in that case he is for civil
war; he is for resistance with the sword, the mus-
ket, and the cannon. He very frankly admits
that this course will lead to a dissolution of the
Union, vet he is for resistance to Black Republi-
can rule in the Union. Mr. Clerk, I want no mere
party triumph over my honorable colleague; but
I have elicited from him this reply in order to
show the Black Republican party what is the inevit-
able consequence, from these developments, if they
insist 011 carrying out their party schemes. I call
the attention of the Black Republican party to the
response of my colleague. Gentlemen, you sec
that in carrying out the principles which you pro-
fess, you have one of two dread alternatives to
choose, Youmusteitherexpect civil war. armed
resistance, as proclaimed by my colleague to-day,
to the execution of your laws, or disunion; as
preferred by the more extreme men of the South.
My colleague, as you have seen, is a conservative
man, perhaps less.ultraon southern rights than
any man from the %>uth, yet you see the alter-
natives.
Mr. STOKES. I ask my colleague to state in
what respect I have changed my Union doctrines
of that speech ?
Mr. WRIGHT. In this, that to-day you say
you will resist, even to arms—which may produce
a dissolution of the Union—the carrying out of
Black Republican measures, whilst on Saturday
you declared that for no cause would you be will-
ing to sec the States resume their sovereignty.
But, if my colleague says he has not changed his
position, I withdraw the remark rather than yield
any more of my time.
Mr. Clerk, I have said that I thought it very
remarkable that my colleague, a southern man,
in the very presence of the Black Republicans,
who sit there flushed with recent victories and
eager to seize the victims of their malice and av-
arice, should have said to them, "Go on, gentle-
men ; do not be afraid to perpetrate these outrages;
we will submit."
"Mr. STOKES. I respectfully ask my col-
league where, in my speech, I used the language
he ascribes to me?
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman will observe
that I am calling his attention to the practical
results of his speech. I saw Black Republicans
subscribing for hundreds and thousands of copies
ot'his speech, to spread them broadcast, through-
out the abolition legions. Why do they do this,
sir? Does my colleague's speech contain aboli-
tion or Black Republican sentiments ? Why then
is it desirable that the constituencies of these
Black Republican gentlemen shall read this speech'
Sir, I think I understand why. It is for a pur-
pose. When Mr. Fillmore, or those who agree
with him, shall in the next presidential campaign,
arise before their fellow-citizens of the North, and
warn them of the dangers of sectional parties,
warn them of the dangers of electing the candi-
date of this sectional Black Republican party to the
Presidency, and tell them, as did Mr. Fillmore,
" the North would not submit to be ruled by the
South, and how enn you expect your soul hern
brethern to submit to this humiliation?"—north-
ern Republicans, northern Abolitionists, northern
traitors, will arise and say—"hold, gentlemen,
not too fast. I hold in my hands the speech of
William B. Stokes, of Tennessee. He is a
southern man. He does not understand the south-
ern people to be as brave as does Mr. Fillmore.
He erects for the southernpcoplc a lower standard
of patriotism than Mr. Fillmore does. Be not
afraid, there is no danger."
Sir, under a sense of my inability to present
these questions to the country ably and satisfac-
torily, I might have remained silent; but I felt
that I could remain silent no longer, when my
colleague undertook to portray to the country the
weakness and inability of Tennessee and of the
South-to defend themselves against aggression.
Sir, if my colleague could not find it 111 his heart
to point these enemies of Tennessee—the State
which has honored him with a seat here—to her
glorious achievements in the past; to the gallant
conduct of her soils at New Orleans, at the Horse
Shoe; to every battle-field of Mexico, where the
bones of her noble sons now bleach the earth; to
the grave of her own Jackson, who never, in all
his eventful life, submitted to wrong; to her mil-
lions of inexhaustible material; and to her brave
sons, who are over ready to resent insult and in-
jury, he might, at least, liave,given her the poor
boon of his silence. [Applause in the galleries.]
Sir, if he thought our noble and gallant State too
weak and feeble to defend herself against wrong
and injury—which 1 utterly deny—like the faith-
ful son of Noah, he might, at least, have covered
her nakedness.
I hope, sir, that it was not in the spirit of the
accursed Ham, that my colleague stood here and
caused the enemies of his mother State to laugh
her to scorn.
My colleague says that the Democratic party
is a sectional party, and that the Black Republi-
can party is also sectional; that his party stands
between the two, and that 011 his party rest the
hopes and destinies of the country. Sir, he says
his party is neither of the North nor the South,
though it is well known that every member of his
party on* this floor, save one, is from the -South.
He stands on medium ground; he is neither of
the North nor of the South-.
"1.0, on a narrow neck of land, .
'Twixt two unbounded seas he stands,
And casts a wishful eye."
[Laughter.]
The hopes and destinies of this great country,
says my colleague, hang upon the Know Nothing
party.
Mr. Clerk, when I reflect upon the greatness and
glory which this country has already attained to;
when I remember that it has thirty million inhab-
itants, a territory reaching from ocean to ocean
and from lake to gulf, a commerce which floats
on every sea, and is fanned by every breeze;
when I reflect, what future glories it may yet
attain if wisely and properly administered, an'd
then think that all thishangs suspended on twenty
or twenty-three Know Nothing members of Con-
gress, I am almost forced to exclaim:
" Great God ! on what a slender thread
Do we poor mortals hang."
[Laughter.]
Sir, why does my colleague say that the Demo-
cratic party is sectional ? Because of its location ?
It has given us a President from the North, a
Vice President from the South. On this floor it
has Representatives from the South, from the
North, from the East, and from the West. Demo-
crats from the North have voted for men of the
South of all parties, and Democrats from the South
cast their votes most cheerfully for Democrats of
the North. In 1856 over a million and a quarter
of northern Democrats cast their votes for the
candidate of the Democratic party. *
Is it sectional on account of its principles?
What principle does the Democratic party hold
to that is not nati<ftial ?
Sir, I thank my honorable friend from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Lamar] for extorting from my col-
league the reluctant admission that even the most
extreme Democrats of the South claimed and de-
manded nothing which was not constitutional and
just. Sir, I ask, what do the most extreme Dem-
ocrats of the South demand of the North that is
objected to by my colleague or any of his party?
1. They demand a faithful execution of the
fugitive slave law; that runaway negroes, escap-
ing from southern States, shall be delivered up to
their lawful owners. Is that sectional ? Does not
the Constitution guaranty them this right, and
does my colleague call that sectional? They ask
that Congress shall not interfere for the purpose
of abolishing slavery in the District of Columbia,
nor in the States, nor in the arsenals and dock-
yards of the United States, nor in the Territories.
They demand that the southern people shall have
an equal participation in the common Territories:
the right of southern citizens to emigrate to the
Territories, and carry with them their property,
and enjoy it under the protection of the Govern-
ment. I ask my colleague whether, in all these
demands, he can find anything sectional or which
works injustice to the North? He has already,
in response to my honorable friend from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Lamar,] answered positively in the
negative. Then, I ask again, why does he charge
sectionalism on the Democratic party?
Mr. Clerk, I will detain the House but a few
moments longer. I think I have answered my
colleague. If he desires honestly to preserve this
Union, I would advise him to bend all his ener-
gies to preserve the Constitution, because the
Union is the result of the Constitution. Sir, he
must aid in defeating and in destroying this sec-
tional Black Republican party, which seeks to
destroy the Constitution, and thus destroy the
Union. If my colleague will do this, instead of
wasting his voice and time in warring on the
Democratic party—a party which has withstood
the assault of giants and which has ever stood up
for the rights of every portion of the Confederacy—
he would soon hear no more of disunion. We
of the Democratic party love this Union too,
quite as well, and, in my opinion, much more
wisely than does my colleague. We love it be-
cause it is the work of our fathers; because it was
designed to confer equal rights upon every mem-
ber of the Confederacy. We have made many
sacrifices to preserve it, and I trust we are ready
