THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
Mr, 3?UGH. They do not get eight dollars a
day'. ' '•
"Mr. TRUMBULL. They get six dollars a
day,'and wfe have been in session more than two
hundred days. It is over twelve hundred dollars;
and we have just passed one resolution to pay
tjhem from the beginning of the session, whether
they were here or not.
Mr. PUGrH. That was right. They were
here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whether they were here
or.not, we pay them.
Mr. PUGH. They were here, every one of
them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see why they
should be here when they were not employed.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will adopt the suggestion I made, instead
of making an exception of one of these clerks.
Mr. POWELL. I svill inform the Senator that
this is not for one of the committee clerks. It is
for the account clerk of the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATIIICK. Will the Senator from
Kentucky let the Secretary read the duties this
officer has to perform? 1 think, if the Senate will
listen to the account of the duties he has to per-
form, they will not hesitate to accord to him this
payment, t ask for the reading of the duties that
are performed by him in that office.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read,
unless objected to.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. I desire the Senate to
listen to it.
The Secretary read,as follows:
The account clerk (Mr. Fitzpatnck) will examine and
file (ill accounts against the .Senate; keep and make out
accounts ot Senators; state accountsof the Secretary with
the United States; piep.ire abstractsot'ail expenditures J'or
the examination oi the Committee on Contingent Expenses
make out all requisitions on the Treasury; and when le-
quisitiona arc on account of contingencies, v\ 111 accompany
them with abstracts of the expenditures, and exhibit for
examination by the Ftrs.t Auditor the vouchers roferied to
in the abstract; he will make out the salary accounts; pre-
pare cheeks lor all payments for the signature of the yee
retai^y, ami evidence the correctness of the payment by his
initials on thetkeek; prepare advertisements; for contracts;
ho will asskt the fck'eretaty m examining proposals I'm
stationeiy and other objects, and the specimens ollered,
and make a detailed ami classified record oi the same, anil
prepare all contracts ; he will prepare the annual repoit ol
expenditure* from the contingent fund, of which the (im
engrossing clerk will tianscribe the details; he will prepare
the annual repoit of the pei.wns employed in the otheeand
their compensation ; aud he will attend to all matters irlat-
ins to the accounts of the offirr. Tin jiho nets a-  ejor'c to the
Committee to Audit and Contioi the Contingent Kvpenses
of the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Now, Mr. President,
1 venture to say there is scarcely an officer of the
Senate who performs such various and respons-
ible duties as that officer; and yet those who do
not perform one half the duties receive larger com-
pensation than that officer receives. He has a
responsibility which would justify a compensa-
tion of double the amount that wefpropose to give
him. He is the clerk of one of the most import-
ant committees, so far as thecontrol of the finances
of the Senate is concerned, that we have here. He
performs all these duties; and yet clerks here who
are simply clerks to committees get an equal com-
pensation with him. All the duties and respons-
ibilities enumerated in that paper are performed
by this officer; and I think it is nothing i>ut just
to award to him this increased compensation.
Mr. MASON. I shall object to this thing being
done. I do not know, and. am not prepared to
say, whether the allowance of this clerk should
be increased; but I am prepared to say that it is,
in my judgment, inexpedient and unwise to de-
range the graduated system of compensation by
taking out any particular clerk. The organization
of the Senetary's office is simply this: these
clerks arc appointed to discharge the duties of
that office, and the Secretary assigns to them their
appropriate and respective duties. If the tact be
that there is any clerk there who lias duties more
responsible or of a higher grade than others in
the same class with him, it may be proper to take
him out of that grade and to give him a higher
compensation; but the result of it will be to make
everybody dissatisfied—to make them all call for
additional"compensatiou,and todeiange the whole
system.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think we
ought to have au executive session. There is
some executive business that I think ought to be
considered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 12, noes 20.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate
looked closely into the duties of this account
clerk, Mr. Fitzpatuck, and were unanimously of
opinion that his salary should be equal to that of
the executive clerk. 1 he duties of the officer have
been read to the Senate. He has been acting as
clerk to our committee during the session, and
we have had occasion to look closely into his
duties. I think it right and proper that he should
have increased pay. It is only about three hun-
dred dollars increase that he asks. His duties
arc very important, and he has performed them
most assiduously and-correctly; and I hope that
the resolution will pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL.' I desire to correct the
Senator from Ohio in regard to a matter of fact.
I understood him to say that the special commit-
tee reported in favor of giving sixty days' addi-
tional pay, at the close of each session, to the
committee clerks. Such was not the report. I
was confident at the time that it was not, and
called his attention to it; but ho seemed to think
it was. The report of the committee, of which
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] was
chairman, was this:
" The cleiks employed by all the other commitfcs shall
receive a compensation ol mx dollars per diem duiing the
time of tlhcir actual employment; and at the close of the
second session ot each Congress, shall be entitled to an
cxtia compensation equal to the amount of then per diem
lor sixty days."
The committee never did report in favor of pay-
ing them sixty days5 additional compensation at
the end of the long session. It was only at the
end of the short session. He was mistaken in
point of fact.
t Mr. PUGtl. The fact may be so, but the prin-
ciple must evidently be the same,especially where,
as in tins case, we have an executive session. My
impression was that the committee reported it
universally. Otherwise, I should have voted
against the report at the time, because I was in
favor of an annual compensation. It seems to mc
the principle is the same. I can see no distinc-
tion, and especially where we have an executive
session. I think it is due to the clerks. While F
shall not oppose the resolution of the Senator from
Kentucky, nor interfere with it, thin king if a highly
meritorious resolution, I still have hopes that the
Senate will take up my resolution and pass it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have no hos-
tility whatever to the proposition made by the
Senator from Kentucky. I know the value of
the officer, and I know the importance of the ser-
vices that are confided to him, and I should vote
at once to give him an adequate compensation;
but I see very plainly that at this last day it is
utterly impossible togetsuch a resolution through
with the opposition which is manifested to it. I
feel compelled to move, on account of the import-
ance of other business, that we proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and, after some
time spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned until to-morrow at ten o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 28, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesteiday was ryad and approved.
DECISIONS OF COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. IVEIISON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
RevolverThat the Secretary of the Senate pieparefor
the next <-es^o;i ,i 'paiatc calendar of the adver.-e decis-
ion': of tin; Court of riann^ which have not been finally
deposed of In Oon<jr<'&s and that hcieafter a sopaiatc
docket shah he kept of all ca^s advciMdy lepoitcd by said
coutt.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore announced the
! appointment of the Hon. Jefferson Davis and
the Hon. Solomon' Foot, members of the com-
! mission to examine into the organization, system
of discipline,a"d course of instruction of the Uni-
ted States Military Academy at West Point, in
pursuance of a provision of the act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1861.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. J. Buch-
anan, jr., his Secretary.
PETITIONS.
Mr. POWELL presented five petitions of citi-
zens of Tennessee and Kentucky, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Clarksville, Ten-
nessee, via Garrettsburg, La Fayette, and Roaring
Spring, Kentucky, to Cadiz, Kentucky; which
were oidered to lie on the table.
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORTS.
Mr. HALE. I move* that the report of the
Senator from Rhode Island, from the Committee
on Printing, be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following order:
Ordered, That the same number of the eleventh volume
of the Pacific railroad report, containing the maps and
charts of the survey for a railroad from the Mi-^is^ippi
river to the Pacific occan, as of the preceding volumes, he
published foi the use of the Senate.
Mr. HEMPHILL. As some objection was
made yesterday to the cost of this volume, I ask
that a letter be read which I have received from
the Superintendent of Public Printing.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Office Superintendent Pubuc Printing,
Washington, June 28, 1860.
Dear Sir: In compliance with }our ieque.«-t, I have
caused an estimate to be made of the co<t of printing and
binding a new edition of the eleventh volume (the maps,
&o.,) ot the Pacific railroad reports, and find that it will
not cxcecd the Mim of $2 20 pei volume for any number of
copies that may be required.
Very respectfully, yours, JOHN HEART,
Siqtermtcndent.
Senator Hemphill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I doubt the
propriety of taking up that description of legisla-
tion at an executive session,and when we are de-
tained here merely to act on executive business.
Really, I think it is out of place to introduce such
business. It is an important matter. Wo have
had a long session, and it is strange that it could
not be brought up and acted on then. In addi-
tion to that, 1 believe there is no quorum here;
and I do not think we ought to make these large
orders for printing in executive session, when the
session of Congress has just expired, in which
there was ample time for these things to be done.
There is no quorum here; and by way of testing
it, perhaps, wo had better ha\ e the yeas and nays.
Mr. YULEE. There will be a quorum before
we adjourn sine die.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the adop-
tion ofthe resolution, the Senator from Tennessee
calls for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROWN. I think the Senator from Ten-
nessee is right. This thing of making books is
of very doubtful policy any way. Here are a
large number of plates, involving a heavy expend-
iture, and it shall not rcceive my sanction. I trust
that at least we shall have the yeas and nays on
a question of this sort, and ascertain who is dis-
posed to vote for it. It there be no quorum, I
shall certainly object.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think this question is not
precisely understood. We have published ten
volumes of reports of the Pacific railroad surveys,
at a very great expense, and, it seems to me, a
very extravagant expense; but I was not here
when it was ordered, and I do not know about
that. These reports ail refer to maps and sur-
veys, which are contained in the eleventh volume.
Without these maps and surveys, the ten vol-
umes already published arc quite useless, and
the money is thrown away. These maps have
already been engraved and the usual number have
been printed, and the plates are the property of
the United States. Now, the unanimous report
of the Committee on Printing is, that the same
number of volumes of the maps be printed that
were printed of the text, and it was only through
hiadvcrtance that the order was not given in the
first place. It was a mistake. Of course, we do
not wish to print ton thousand copies of one book,
and then print only the usual number of another of
the same series, especially when the last publica-
tion is essential to the understanding of the first.
These books have been placed in the public libra-
