2364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
on ihe granting of every extension; 011 filing each dis-
claimer, tea dollars; for ceitified copies ot patents, and
otiuu papeta, twelve cents per hundred word> \ for record-
ing every assignment, agreement, power of attorney, and
other paper's, oj three hundred words or under, one dol-
lai; tor recording every assignment, ami other papm,over
three hundred and under one thousand vvoids, two dollars;
tor reeurdmg every assignment, or other writing, it over one
thousand woids, three dollars; for copies of drawings, the
reasonable cost of making the same.
Sec. il. And be it jurlher enacted, That all applica-
tions for patents shall be completed and prepared for exam-
ination within two year1* after the filing ol the petition ; and
in default thereof, they shall be regarded as abandoned i>v
the parties thereto, and ail cases now pending shall be
treated as original cases; and all application:* fur the ex-
tension of patents shall be filed at least ninety days before
the expiration thereof: and notice of the day set tor the
hearing of the ease shall be published, as now required by
law, tor at least sixty days.
Sec. 1*2. And he it further enacted. That in all cases
wheiean article is made or vended by any person undei
the protection ot letteis patent, it shall he the duty of such
person to give hutfieumt notice to the public tiiat *aid arti-
cle is so patented, eithei by stamping thereon the word
patented, togethoi with the day and jear the patent was
{named; or when, from the character of the aiticle pat-
ented, that may be impracticable by enveloping one or more
ot the  aid ai tides, and affixing a label to the package, or
otheiwiae attaching thereto a label on which the notice,
with *he date, h printed ; on failure of which, in any &uit
foi tiie infringement of letters patent by the party failing so
to label or stamp the article the right to which is infringed
upon, no damage shall be recovered by the plaintiff, except
on proof that the defendant was duly notified of the in-
fringement, and continued after such notice to make or vend
the articie patented. And the Mxth section ot the act en-
titled •' An act m addition to an act to promote the progress
of the useful aitf,"&c., approved the :29th of August, 164^,
be, and the same is heieby, repealed.
jitd. 13. *1nd he it further enacted. That all acts and
parts of acts heretofore parsed which aie inconsistent with
the provisions of this act be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the bill was
last before the {Senate, the Senator from Maine
{Mr. Hamlin] submitted an amendment to the
tenth section of the substitute, to insert in line four,
aftei* the word " countries," the words, " which
shall not discriminate against the inhabitants of
the United States;" so that the clause shall read:
That all laws now in force fixing the rate of Patent
Office fees to be paid, and discriminating between the in-
habitants of the United States andtho<e of other countries
which shall not discriminate against the inhabitants of the
United Slates, are hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the third
section. This is the section which requires that
before an appeal shall be allowed to the examiners-
in-chiof, the application shall be twice rejected by
the subordinate examiners. I do not see any ne-
cessity for imposing that increased expense upon
the applicants.
Mr. HALE. Since the Senator from Iowa
made that suggestion before, I have looked over
the fee table, and I do not see that it is obnoxious
to the objection he made. I do not see any fee
charged for that reexamination; and if the inten-
tion of the statute is simply to require a reex-
amination by the first board, without an addi-
tional fee, it seems to me well enough to let it
stand.
Mr. GRIMES. It comes up as an original
application, and he has to be subjected to pre-
cisely the same expense in the second instance as
he was subjected to in the first instance. Now,
why is it that you will subject him to this addi-
tional expense—to the employment a second time
of agents to prosecute his application before the
Patent Office? I desire to say, that as I under-
stand this bill as it has been read here, and as
I have examined it, this second application comes
up precisely as an original application, and the
party that makes it is subjected to the same
amount of expense in the second instance that he
was in the first. There is that amount of money
to go out of his pocketand to go into the Treasury
of the Patent Office bureau. Then, m addition to
that, he must necessarily be subjected to all the
expense of the agent or lawyer that may be em-
ployed. This lawyer or patent agent will charge
him in the second instance precisely as much as
he would in the first. I presume that nineteen
twentieths of all applications that will be made
will be rejected in the first instance, some of them
in consequence of collusion between some of the
officers and the patent agents. At any rate, the
bill as it is now proposed to be enacted into law,
will give color to imputations of that kind if it is
not amended as I propose.
Then it must be known to gentlemen who are
familiar with the Patent Office, that these subordi-
nate examiners arc not the most profoundly sci-
entific men m the world, and good cases may be
rejected by'them; and we ought not to subject
the applicants for patents, who are generally poor,
but worthy men, to the loss of time and the addi-
tional expense they must incur m making a sec-
ond application, in order to get their case carried
up from some ignoramus who may be placed there
as a subordinate examiner from political consid-
erations solely, before gentlemen who have some
knowledge of science and the arts.
Mr. BlGLER. It may be, sir, that the view
taken of this section by the Senator from Iowa is,
to some extent, reasonably founded; but the offi-
cers of this Government, in their long experience,
have satisfied themselves that this measure is
necessary to the proper performance of its opera-
tion. So far as the additional expense is con-
cerned, I have never heard an objection raised to
it by any inventor. No objection has been made
to it from any quarter; and as I stated it, I placed
this bill mainly on the fact that it had been year
after year, for I believe six years, presented here
by the department and urged as a measure es-
sential to its operations. I confess, sir, that with-
out practical knowledge of the details, it is%ir-
tually impossible to foretell how this clause might
be abused, or how necessary it may be to the
operations of the department. I prefer very much
to rest my support of it upon the opinion of three
or four Commissioners, with the most experienced
men in the various details there, ail of whom
concur in this bill throughout. I am not willing
to see the section stricken out, for I have no doubt
its, operations are well understood in the Depart-
ment, and will be advantageous.
Mr. SIMMONS. I beg to make one sugges-
tion to the chairman of the Committee on Patents.
As I understood in committee, the probability is
that an appeal will be allowed from these high
commissioners, as they are called; and I under-
stand there is to be an amendment to that cfFect.
If that appeal be allowed it may obviate any" dif-
ficulty that might otherwise result from striking
out the third section, because the third section
provides for two examinations before the primary
examiners, with an appeal to the higher exam-
iners. One trial before the primary examiners,
and a trial before the examiners-in-chief, with an
appeal to the courts, seem to me to be trials
enough to subject anybody to.
Mr. HALE. And there is another before the
Commissioner besides.
Mr. SIMMONS. So there are four chances.
Mr. GRIMES. Five.
Mr. SIMMONS. As the hill stands, it is five,
but with this section stricken out it will be four.
If a man cannot spend money enough in four such
trials, 1 think we had better not subject him to a
fifth. I think there is no necessity for asecond trial
before the primary examiners with the other pro-
visions of the bill, as I understand they are to be.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There arc but
thirteen or fourteen minutes left in which to trans-
act the morning business, and I am certain there
are a great many reports to be made, and other
morning business to be transacted. This bill, we
were told, was to produce no debate at all, but I
think it is not prosecuted m good faith, and I
move its postponement. [" Let us vote."]
Mr. HALE. We will take the vote, and have
no more talk.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I withdraw the
motion if there will be no more talk; but other-
wise I must insist on it.
Mr. BIGLER. Let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to strike out the third section of the
bill.
The question being put, on a division there
were—ayes 1(3, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. BIGLER, and Mr. JOHNSON of Arkan-
sas, called for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, the Secretary will call the roll upon the
motion.
Mr. MALLORY. I think if we divide again,
the Chair will findatjuorum. There is a quorum,
but all the Senators did not vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest that, by unani-
mous consent, we take another division. There
is a quorum present.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 22; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doointle, Fessemien, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Hamlin, Harlan, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennes-
see, King, Lane, Pearce, Simmons, Ten Eyck, and Wil-
son—21.
NAYS—Messis. Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown, Cheenut,
Clingman, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Hemphill,
Iverson, Latham, Mallory, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Sli-
dell, Thomson, Toomns, Wigfall, and Yulee—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. There is one amendment that I
desire to propose; and I wish to have the ear of
the Senate for about a minute, while I state it.
The second section of this bill proposes to pro-
vide for the 'appointment of a board of three
examiners-in-chief, at an annual salary of $3,000,
and assigns very important duties to them. By
the bill, they are to be appointed by the Commis-
sioner. They are to stand between the Commis-
sioner and the other examiners, and are an inde-
pendent board, and I think ought to be appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. Such an amendment was in-
tended to be moved by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] who, on account of ill health,
is obliged to retire. He has a good deal of feeling
about it; and I make that motion, to strike out,
in section two, lines three, four, and five, the
words " in the same manner as now provided by
law for the appointment of examiners,5'and in-
sert: "by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate." *
Mr. BIGLER. I see no special objection to
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. There are those who have felt that this
department was peculiarly independent, belong-
ing to the people, self-reliant, they paying all the
expenses themselves, and having no connection
with the Treasury, or any other Department here,
and that it should be kept as independent within
itself as possible. Perhaps that would be the only
suggestion that could be made against the amend-
ment. For my part, I do not care how the Sen-
ate decide it.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust we shall adopt it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that these amendments have been made to
an amendment reported by the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office; and the question now
is on the amendment of the committee, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I should like to inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether the bill on
this same subject, introduced by me some tvme
since and referred to the committee, has had the
action of the committee?
Mr. BIGLER. I will state to the Senator from
Connecticut that the bill which he introduced and
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office was referred by myself to the Patent
Office department. It received a full consideration,
as he is aware. It was returned to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office with marginal
notes all through, presenting points of very con-
clusive objection, which I think would be entirely
satisfactory to the Senator from Connecticut him-
self. Taking the bill aside from the objections
presented by the department, it would be almost
identically the bill which we have under consid-
eration. "We had that measure before the com-
mittee at a meeting'yesterday morning, but there
were only three present, and we took no final
action upon the subject, except to mutually con-
cludc that it would be better to pass the bill now
before us.
Mr. FOSTER. The particular preference I
had for that bill introduced by myself, was that
it compressed in a single act, most, indeed all the
acts now in force on the subject of patents and the
patent laws, thus bringing what is now scattered
through many acts into one. Unless, therefore,
there were material objections to the bill, I hope
the committee will give it favorable consideration,
because it would be manifestly greatly for the
advantage of applicants that all our law on this
subject should be brought together in one act,
simplifying thus, of course, the statutes upon the
subject. If, however, there are objections to the
bill m the judgment of the committee, I am not
disposed, of course, to press my judgment against
theirs.
