THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"January 11.
Mr, C&EMEN8* 1 rfravg that a vote for
&p6&k&?-hb taken.-'
Mr. -'STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
th&fc tfte House do now adjourn. There is no use
itt'h&Vlng a ballot for Speaker. It will result in
nothing.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas mid nays
ort the raotioirto adjourn, and cailea for tellersori
the yeas and nays.
- Tellefs-werd not ordered.
The yeas aifd nays were not ordered.
- Mr. STT^fixS's motion was agreed to; and
thereupon (at five minutes to four o'clock,p. m.)
thft House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
, Wednesday, January 11, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurlet.
The Journal of y es terday was read and approved.
Credentials'.'
Mr. RICE presented the credentials of Hon.
Morton S. Wilkinson, elected a Senator By the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, for the
term of six years, commencing on the 4th day of
March, 1859; which were read, and the,oath pre-
scr&pd by law was administered to Mr. Wilkin-
son, and he took-his scat in the Senate.
- PETITIONS ASD MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Edwin
Green and others, citizens of Washington, pray-
ing for the grant of a charter to an association of
the citizcns of Washington for making a passen-
ger railway from the navy-yard to Georgetown;
which Was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr, KENNEDY jn*esentcd the petition of
Mary J. Maltby,' praying to be allowed a pen-
sion? \tfidbw of the late Lieutenant James
West, Of the Army, which was referred to the
Cbrttmittce on Pensions.
Mr; LANE presented a report of the commit-
tee for Lane county, Oregon, in relation to the
vfrlue of (tertam property used ordestroyed during
the Indian war in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
PAPEItS WITHDRAWN AND IIEKKl'JtED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of II. L. Heal) and other offi-
cers ot the Army, in behalf ol the oftieeis and troops who
served In New Mexico tiom May, 1818, to Man li, 1&>2,
praying to be allowed the same extra pay as was allowed
.10 those who served in California und Oregon, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Mihua. ^
On motion of Mr. TEN EYCK, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Joshua Bhtnv, piayins to
be allowed the balance of an appiopriiuion made to com-
pensate Jnm lbt the «s.e by the Government ot the petcus-
hion cap invented by hmi, on the flJos of tho .Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PEARUE, it was
Ordered. That the petition of the legal iepn^ent:ittvos of
JohnO. MaelcaJi, pvayins indemnity loi the destnietion of
a JjOu^e during the last war with Great Britain, on the lilet
of the Senate, be reierred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
OrdoctZ, That the memorial of the legal rcpiesentativos
of James Bell, deceased, praying the settlement ot hns ac-
counts for advances made by lum during the levoiutionary
war, on the Hies ol the Semite, be refeired to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordejed, That the petition of the legal representatives of
George Mayo, deceased, piaying compensation for lu« sci-
viees as a elerk in the Po^t Office Department, on the files
of the Senate, be reierred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered. That the petition of James and Theodoic Wal-
ters, praying that certain lots of ground 111 tlie eity of
ington may b© convened to them, on tlie files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. LANE, ir was
Ordered, That the memorial of Ellas Yuiee, receiver of
the Jand o$ce in Washington Tenitory, praying reim-
bursement of :jn amount paid by him for eld ieal services,
on the tiles of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands
O/i motion of Mr, MALIjORY, it was
Ordered) That the memorial of G. J£, Barry, a purser in
the Navj. piaying compensation foi servtoes as judge advo-
cate, ori the file*; of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs,
BILLS IXTIIODUCJSD.
Mr, IVERSON, in pursuance of pr&vious no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a hill
(S. No. 53) to ffmend tho act to establish a court
for the investigation of claims against the United
States approved 24th February, 1855; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HEMPHILL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 54) to increase the salaries of the judges
of the United States for the eastern and western
districts of Texas, and to regulate the compensa-
tion of the attorneys and iftarshals of the United.
States for said districts; which was read twice
by its-title, and referred to the Committee on«the
Judiciary.
reports op committees.'
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Tilman Leak, praying that certain money paid
by him for land which had been previously sold
and patented by the United States to another per-
son may be refunded with interest, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 55) for the
relief of Tilman Leak. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 47) to promote the efficiency of the Army
by retiring disabled or mfirm officers, reported it
without amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 46) to prevent deser-
tion, and to facilitate enlistment of soldiers in the
Army of the United States, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. M ALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
A flairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Richard W.Meade, late a lieutenant in the Navy,
praying to be allowed certain expenses, reported
a bill (S. Wo. 5t>) for the relief of Richard W.
Meade; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
tic- also, from the same committee, to whom
wa« referred the petition of George H. Bacon,
praying to be allowed the difference of pay be-
tween the pay of captain's elerk and that of pur-
ser, during the time he acted as purser on board
the United States sloop-ol-war Portsmouth, re-
ported a hill (fc>. No. 58) for the relief of George
U. i>aeon, iate acting purser of the sioop-of-war
Portsmouth; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, fit >m the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of David D. Porter, a lieu-
tenant in the Navy, praying that his accounts for
certain secret services performed in the Island of
St. Domingo, by order of the Secretary of the
Navy, may be settled on principles of equity* re-
ported u bill (S. No. 57) for the relief of David D.
Porter; which was i<ead, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Hiram MeCuliough, of
Cecil county, Maryland, praying to be leleased
from his suietyship on the eontractof S. A. West
and G, MeCuliough, for the delivery of stone at
the Gosport navy-yard, reported a bill (S. No. 59)
for tin; relief of Samuel A. West, George MeCul-
iough, Hiram MeCuliough, and Charles Pender-
grant; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of Ann
Scott, widow of William B. Scott, deceased, pray-
ing that authority miy be given to the accounting
officers of the Treasury, to allow her a commis-
sion upon tho disbursements of her husband as
pension agent, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. GO) for the relief of Mrs. Ann
Scott. The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
territorial policy.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, which was submitted by
Air. Pue,H on the 15th ultimo:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to mqune into the expediency of repealing so much of tlie
act, appioved September 9, I8.*>0. foi the organization of
Territorial governments in New Mexico and'Ctah, as re-
quires that ail the laws paused by the Legislattues of those
Territories shall be •submitted to Congress for approval or
lejeetion.
The pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Harlan, to insert at the end of
the resolution the following:
And said committee is also instructed to inquire into
the propriety of authorizing the people of each of said Ter-
ritories to elect all their Territorial officers, executive, le-
gislative, and judicial, in such manner as the Legislature
thereof shall provide.
Mr. GR.EEN resumed the debate, and concluded
the speech which he commenced yesterday. [The
whole speech will be published m the Appendix.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, I wanted
to say something on the subjects that the Senator
from Missouri has been touching upon; but having
been quite unwell lately, I am not strong enough
to do so to-day; and understanding that the Sen-
ator from Ohio desires to speak m reply to the
Senator from Missouri, I will yield to him. I
do not like to interfere as long as any Senator de-
sires to go on. I hope, however, that when he
is through, he will move a postponement of the
question, as I cannot go on to-day.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, there is nothing I
dislike so much as a prolonged controversy, and
especially when I am one of the parties to it. The
Senator from Georgia was not strictly entitled,
by the usage of debate, to reply to me; neverthe-
less, if he alone had spoken,! should have called
for a vote upon my resolution. But the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] whilst professing
to be the friend of peace in the Democratic party,
whilst deprecating this very discussion, has not
only engaged in it at greater length than any
other Senator has done, and brought into it a
great variety of topics to which no one else has
nlhided, but he has openly accused the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] and myself with at-
tempting to produce a disturbance in the ranks of
the Democratic party, with agitating this ques-
tion, and ministering to the success of our polit-
ical opponents. Now, sir, as I inte^l to respond
to that accusation, and to respond to it as deci-
sively as I can, 1 .may be permitted, thus being
called up, to say one or two things for the benefit
of the Senator from Georgia. I quoted from his
ppeech of July 26,1848, to show that he then pre-
ferred the doctrine of squatter sovereignty in its
broadest sense to any intervention whatever by
the Federal Government in the Territories.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is the Senator alluding to me?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; to your colleague, [Mr.
Iverson.] Here is what that Senator said. Let
us s«e if I misrepresented him. In his bpcech of
July 2G, 1848, he said, in the other House:
u It l* admitted, however, by all paities, that there is a
point of time at which tlu-> question of slaveiy or no slavery
may be, and must he, decided by the people of the Terri-
tories. When the\ meet in convention, in the exercise of
«oveieign authoi ity, to form a constitution pieparatory to ad-
mission into this Union as a State, then they may tegulate
tins question of f-laveiy at plea.Mne. The only difference
of opinion upon the point h, w bother tlirt people may oi may
not, under the Constitution, excise this powei by temto-
! rial Joj Mation puor to the loimation of a State constitution.
Sit, without dihcutssing or deciding the question, 1 do not
eoiwdei it a matter of essential importance to the South at
wljat time this power may be exoicised by the people of the
Territories. It is, in my opinion, of infinitely more impoit-
ance, both to the South and to the Union, that the powoi
he left to the Teiritories, instead of the federal Govern-
ment/'
I think that quotation is ample to the point for
which I cited it. But the Senator seems to have
since undergone a change of opinion, and, con-
sequently, now to be in a position confidently,
authoritatively, and without appeal, to denounce
as Abolitionists all those who have not undergone
a similar change. The question is, what has in-
i duced the change of opinion on the part of that
Senator5 We hnve the advantage of his own
words. lie says, in his speech of Monday last:
But, en, the hhtorvof onigiation into the Tcnitoiies
foi the la-t ten or twelve yeai.<, has taught the southern
people a s.e\ ere and salutaiy lesion. It has opened their
eyes to the inevitable effects and fatal results of the < squat-
ter-sovereignty,' doctrine of General Cass and his northern
friends. The settlement and tate of California satisfied
me and the whole South, that under that doctrine, as the
established policy of the Government, the southern people,
with their blave property, would be as effectually excluded
fiom ail the public Tenitoncs as they could posbibly be by
the Wilmot pioviso. Tho emigration to California was
under the general impiesMon and understanding that Con-
giess would not inteifere to change the local Mexican law
which prohibited slavery, but would leave the people to es-
tablish and regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way. Congress, m fact, refused and neglected to establish
any tenitorlal government, but left the people,who swarmed
into that country from the great northern free-soil hive, to
set up a government of their own. and admitted her into the
Union with an anti-slavery constitution."
Well, sir, the case of California, as the Senator
