142Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
March 28,
adopt any improvement or invention. All these
matters,are to be decided by the corps to which
he belongs, and by the Secretary of War. If, for
instance, it be suggested that an important inven-
tion has been made, and if^this invention maybe
used in the manufacture of arms, or any of the
machinery appertaining to it, the recommendation
of the superintendent is not necessarily adopted,
whether he be a military man or a civilian.
Mr. WHITELEY. I would ask the gentleman
from Missouri a single question. Is the super-
intendent at Harper's Ferry or the superintendent
at Springfield a mechanic?
Mr, PHELPS. I cannot answer that question.
Mr. WHITELEY. I am told that neither of
ihem is.
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot say whether either
of them is a mechanic or not; nor do I believe it
is necessary that the superintendent of a manu-
facturing establishment must be a mechanic. He
may have genius for mechanics, and he may have
paid attention to the subjcct; and such a man
would be a better person to manage a manufac-
turing establishment than one who had not a ge-
nius for mechanical pursuits.
I am, therefore, opposed to this system oflegis-
lation. If there be a desire to change the law, let
a bill be introduced providing for changes in the
law, and let it come up regularly for discussion
and consideration, instead of proposing it as a
proviso to any appropriation bill.
The question being on Mr. Kkitt's amendment
to the amendment, Mr. ICeitt withdrew it.
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Delaware by striking
out the words "no part." I hardly need say,
Mr. Chairman, that I propose this amendment
in order to take advantage of my rights under it
to apprise the committee of n single fact of which,
perhaps, it is not aware. I must confess, sir, my
amazement that the gentleman from Delaware
should have precipitated upon the committee an
amendment of the grave character of that which
he has proposed, lie certainly cannot be aware
of the history of the controversies which have
attended a similar proposition m years gone by.
And yet, sir, the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr, ICeitt] is perfectly well aware of this his-
tory, for, if I remember aright, he was himself a
member of the Committee on Military Affairs,
which sat long and deliberated thoroughly on this
important question of changing the superintend-
ence of the armories from the military to the civil
service. The change was against Ihh judgment
then, as I have no doubt it is now. Hut, sir, I
presume 1 am not doing him any injustice m say-
ing, that, there wen; gentlemen on that committee
who, in nil military qualification.**, did not wtand
lower than himself, and who were utterly opposed
to the military snpermtendency. Not only was
that committee, of which he was a member, m
favor of the change, but there was a commission
appointed in 1854, the result of whose labors I
hold in my hand, in the shape of a report consist-
ing of two hundred and sixty-live pages. That
commission was formed of the Hon. Andrew Ste-
venson, of Virginia; Governor Steele, of New
Hampshire; and Chancellor Walworth, of New
York; and it was their special business to inquire
into the grievances of which the mechanics of these
establishments complained, and to determine be-
tween thetwosystems. They visitcdthcurmories;
heard the comnlamts of the opeiatives; entered
on a long and thorough investigation of all ques-
tions connected with a change of system, and
came out of that investigation, afte monthsgiven
lo it, fully satisfied that not only was it utterly
against the genius of our institutions that there |
should be such a military superintendence of these ;
woilc-shops, governing operatives who were em- {
ployed in. mere mechanical service with strict mili-
tary rule, such as they found there enforced, but
that there were grievances and complaints of the
operatives themselves which well deserved the j
mention not merely of the commission, but oi
Congress.
it was in view of that report, and in view of the
lemand.s for a change of systems then urged upon
Congress, that the military superintendence was
abolished and fho civil superintendence adopted.
1 will not undeitake to say a word for or against
the superintendence- in the Harper's Ferrv dis-
trict; but I do say, that during the whole history
of these armours, from 171)4 to the present time,
there has been no branch of industry within the
limits of these States that has attained to a higher
degree of excellence than the branch of manufac-
ture carried on at Springfield; or where, on the
whole—the perfection of the manufacture con-
sidered—greater economy has been maintained.
Now, sir, when such an investigation of the sub-
ject has resulted in the adoption of the civil super-
mtendency, I submit to the House that itfis as rash
as it is unwise to attempt to overturn a well-estab-
lished system by amendments and in a discussion
under the five-minute rule.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise not to
oppose the amendment, but to say that it seems
to me that this whole discussion is entirely un-
profitable. We have now a superintendent of each
of the armories appointed under the existing law.
This amendment does not contemplate a change
in the superintendents. If it did, it would not be
m order as an amendment to this bill. The su-
perintendents of these armories are paid a salary
which, I suppose,is provided for in another bill;
so that, if this amendment prevails, the law will
remain precisely as it is now7, so far as the super-
intendents are concerned. If the amendment does
not prevail, not a dollar of this appropriation will
be applied to the payment of the superintendents.
It seems to mo, therefore, that nothing can by
any possibility be accomplished by this amend-
ment; and I hope the gentleman from Delaware
will withdraw it.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Wiiiteley's
amendment.
Mr. BOTELER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " provided."
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. ICeitt] spoke of the opinion of the
English in regard to the different systems of su-
perintendence. It is true, sir, that the English Gov-
ernment sent a commission to visit this country.
But what did they do ? The very first thing that
English Government did on the return of that
commission was to send to Harper's Ferry and
engage one of the mechanics there to take charge
of the Enfield works, near London.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to state, in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia, that all I meant to say,
and I think all I said, was that the commission
recommended the adoption, out and out, of our
system, and,as 1 understood distinctly at the time,
mainly m consequence of the military superin-
tendency. Whether or not it has been adopted
by Great Britain is more than I can say.
Mr. BOTELEIl. 1 do not know myself all the
details of the management 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 desire to know if the gentle-
man understands that the mechanic who was taken
from Harper's Ferry was called to England for
the purpose, of having the supervision of the arm-
ory establishment ?
Mr. BOTELER. I understand that he is at
the head of the armory at Enfield, in England.
Mr. CURTIS. Not superintendent.
Mr. BOTELER. Of course lie docs not con-
trol the armory; but he is the head workman, su-
pervising and giving directions to the mechanics
at that place. The mechanics at the Eufield
works look directly to him for directions, which
he receives from his superior officers, just as the
civil superintendent at one of our armories gets
his directions from the ordnance department here
at Washington.
But gentlemen here desire that the communi-
cating organ between the ordnance board and the
mechanics shall be an officer of the Army. I
ask gentlemen whether those officers have been
brought up so as to be acquainted with the con-
struction and operation of machinery'' If, sir,
they are. expected to examine into all the details
of machinery, to know when the machinery is out
of order, or "when the work is done in a workman-
like manner, is it not necessary that they should
have some preliminary education in regard to it?
I admit that the estimable gentleman who now
presides over the armory at Harper's Ferry is
not a mechanic; but that is not the fault of the
system; it is the fault of the present Administra-
tion, who placed him there. When the system
first wont into operation they did place mechan-
ics at the head of the woiks, and I believe that
mechanics should ahvays be at the head of these
armories as superintendents.
The gentleman from Delaware asked me whether
I believed the John Brown foray would have taken
place if there had been a military man there as
superintendent.
Mr. WHITELEY. No, sir; I asked if you
thought it would have resulted as it did.
Mr. BOTELER. Why, sir, all the military
men on this continent could not have changed that
result, under the circumstances in which that
foray took place. No body of men could have
behaved more gallantly than did the armorers at
Harper's Ferry on that occasion. Great injustice
has been done to those armorers. There has been
a studious attempt made by a portion of the press
of the country to create the impression that there
was trepidation, that there was terror among the
men at Harper's Ferry on the bloody day referred
to. Sir, the imputation is false; there was no
panic among the armorers or citizens of Harper 's
Ferrry. I myself was present upon that occa-
sion, and I saw with what eagerness, as soon as it
was ascertained what the nature of that invasion
was, everybody, not only at Harper's Ferry, but
also in the surrounding towns and neighborhoods,
men—gray-headed men, who had served in the
war of 18l2, and even little boys with their bird
guns—snatched up whatever weapons they could
lay their hands on, and rushed to the place where
the attack was made. Men, sir, under the influence
of a panic fly from the danger that threatens them,
and do not rush right into if, as our citizens did
that day.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FLORENCE obtained the floor, and said:
The gentleman from Virginia appears to be im-
pressed with the idea that his time is not out, and
I am willing to yield to him.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Virginia has expired.
Mr. BOTELER. I believe I have the floor by
the courtesy of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WI-flTELfiY. I do not object to that;
but I want to know if anybody will be allowed
to reply.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rules a gentle-
man has five minutes to advocate an amendment,
and another gentleman has five minutes to oppose
it, and that is all the discussion that is allowed.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I will yield the floor
to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Hughes.]
Mr. HUGHES. 1 desire to call the attention
of the committee to this fact, that at the time of
the organization of these armories they were
placed under civil superintendence; but the abuses
m the way of appointments, and the extraordi-
nary character of many of the appointments made
from civil life, and the abuses which grew out of
them, became such a crying evil that the Gov-
ernment was under the necessity of detailing
ordnance officers, for the purpose of bringing
something like order out of the chaos that reigned
everywhere.
Sir, the facts which were developed in the in-
vestigations relative to the armories in those days
proved these allegations to be true. All expe-
rience, I believe, has shown that this superintend-
ency in the hands of civilians has proved a mere
political establishment It is very important in
this country that we should keep politics clear of
the merely administrative offices, if possible. Ap-
point politicians, if you choose, for political places;
but for places of this kind, I say no. Any estab-
lishment relating exclusively to military opera-
tions should be in the hands and under the control
of military men. The investigations into the facts
existing when these arm "tries were under the con-
trol of civilians, showed thateven clergymen were
appointed to the place of superintendent of the
Springfield armory.
Mr. FLORENCE. If they were mechanics,
there was no harm m that.
Mr. HUGHES. No, sir, not mechanics; they
were clergymen, and were appointed merely out
of political considerations. Now, sir, the spe-
cialty of these military officers of ordnance is to
attend to arms, to prove them, and to see that they
are prupeily constructed, Of what avail is science
or experience if an officer of the ordnance corps is
not better qualified for such a service than a mere
civilian 5 But if there are such vital objections to the
military superintendency for the armories, why
not place civilians over yournavy-yards' 1 rather
think you would find very few gentlemen here
who would be in favor of turning your navy-yards
