1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2865
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the amend-
ment, as amended, be read at length?
Mr. BIGLER. It is not necessary. I suppose
the reading of the amendment can be dispensed
with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent the reading will be dispensed with.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi will pause a moment. The Chair calls
up the special order for this hour. The order
assigned for this hour was the bill to enlarge the
public grounds surrounding the Capitol, but the
Indian appropriation bill, being the unfinished
business of yesterday, takes precedence of it.
Mr. BROWN. I merely desire to present a
petition.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator will al-
low me to offer a resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I merely desire to present a
petition myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Senator from Mississippi may intro-
duce a petition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I haveaparcel
of reports that I wish to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business be-
fore the Senate is the unfinished business of yes-
terday, and it requires unanimous consent to do
anything else. The morning hour was given up
for other business.
Mr. HUNTER. I insist that the unfinished
business shall he taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi asks leave to introduce a petition.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot agree to it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to postpone the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, with a view of taking
up the bill to enlarge the public grounds sur-
rounding the Capitol. There -is a necessity for
passing the bill at once, if we intend passing it
this session. It was made a special order about
a week since, with the understanding that to-day
was to be appropriated to the consideration of the
bill. Now my friend from Virginia interposed
his Indian appropriation bill yesterday in my ab-
sence, which I very much regret. I hope he will
consent to let it rest until we pass the bill I men-
tion. I think it will take but a short time to dis-
pose of it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
consent to that. The next week is crowded
with special orders. Theie is one for Monday,
and another on Tuesday, and I do not know when
we shall get up the appropriation bill if we do not
take it up to-day. I hope the Senate will notcon-
scnt to postpone it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want to say one word
on this subject. I shall vote to postpone every-
thing, at all times, to take up the appropriation
bills, and act upon them; and as soon as they are
disposed of, I will vote then, day by day, for the
final adjournment of Congress. That is my plan
of operation for the balance of the session; and
I will at all times vote with the chairman of the
Committee on Finance to take up his bills, and
give them a preference over everything.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is no danger and no
difficulty about the appropriation bills. They will
be passed as usual. There is a necessity for pass-
ing this bill now, if we intend passing it at all;
and I shall regard this as a test vote as to whether
it is the sense of the Senate to enlarge the public
grounds during the present session of Congress.
'With that view I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the motion I make.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Indiana, instead of moving a postponement
generally, to change his motion and postpone it
half an hour or one hour. The bill can be dis-
posed of in that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. I agree in
opinion with the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, and the Senator from Kentucky, that it
is better to take up the appropriation bills and fin-
ish them. If they lie along m this way we shall
never get through with them, an4 never dispose
of anything else. The bill to which the Senator
from Indiana refers can wait just as well as a
great many other questions that are before the
Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Brown, Davis, Doolittle, Foot,
Kennedy, Rice, Simmons, Thomson, and Yulee—10.'
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bragg, Chandler, ClarkrCling-
man, Crittenden, Dixon, Fessenden, Fitzpatrick, Foster,
Green, Grimes, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Latham, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, Sebastian,
Siidell, Toombs, Wade, and Wilson—30.
So the motion was not agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
215) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30, 1861,
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Latham, to insert, after line nine hundred
and twenty-five, the following:
Provided, That in the event the State of California will,
by an act of its Legislature, agree to take charge of ana
maintain within the State the Indians now within her juris-
diction, to the satisfaction of the President, and relieve the
United States from all liability or responsibility connected
with the same for the period of twenty years, the sum of
$50,000 is hereby appropriated annually; and the Secretary
of the Interior is authouzed to draw on the United Stales
Treasury in favor of the State treasurer ofCalifornia for that
sum, and to authorize the agents of the State ofCalifornia
to take possession of the reservations and Government prop-
erty thereon : Provided, The property of the United States
is to be held only in tru>t by the State of California for the
use of the Indians: Provided also, The Pie&ident reserves
the right to take contiol of s.aid Indians, and terminate the
above appropriations, if tin* State ot'Cahlornia does not take
care of and maintain said Indians, or the Governor of Cal-
ifornia does not annually rcpoit to the Seeictary of the In-
terior all matters relating to their condition.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask leave to substitute this
proposition for the amendment I offered before,
it is merely changing the wording. It is the same
in sub«tance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California can withdraw the other amendment and
offer the one he now presents.
Mr. LATHAM. Yes, sir, I will withdraw that,
and offer this amendment: to insert, after line
nine hundred twenty-five on page 38, the follow-
ing:
Provided, That in the event the State of California will,
by an act of it-= Legislature agree to take charge of and
maintain within the State the indians now within her juris-
diction, to the satisfaction of the President, and relieve the
United States from all liability or responsibility connected
wnh the siuru' for the period of twenty years, the sum of
$,">0,000 is herein- apptopi uited annually; and the Secretary
of the Interior is authouzed to draw on the United States
Tredsmy m l'avoi of the State treasurei of California for that
sum, and to authorise the agents of the State of Cahiorma
to lake possesion o( the roeivation* and Government prop-
erty thereon : Provided, The pioperty ot the United States
is to bo held only in tiust b\ the* Slate ol California toi the
u-e of the Indians: Provided aUo, The Piesident reserves
the light to take control of said Indians and Government
propeitv, and tenmnate the above appropnations, if the
State ot California does not take caie of and maintain said
Indians, or the Governor of California does not annually
report to the Secretary of the Interior all matters relating to
their condition.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I should be
very glad to adopt the policy of remitting the In-
dians, who have for the most part lost their tribal
character, to the State of California. Indeed, if
she insists on it, I believe it is her right-, but I am
unwilling to make the transfer in such a form that
she is to expend appropriations made by the Uni-
ted States. As thatamendmentstands, we are to
appropriate $50,000 a year to be used by the State
of California. She, in other words, is to be the
agent of the Federal Government. Now, sir, I
do not believe in that sort of agency. I believe
that she is entitled to the custody and charge of
the Indians. Indeed, I think there are grave doubts
in regard to the constitutionality of the original
scheme by which wo undertook to assume juris-
diction over Indians who had lost their tribal
character; buthavingdone so, if we are to pay the
cost, then it ought to be expended through our
agents. I would be very glad to remit thi-m to
California, and to give up to them all the reserva-
tions. "Whatever property the United States has
in them, I would be very glad to cede to the State
of California, upon condition that she would take
the Indians; butif we are to pay for their support,
I think we ought to have a supervisory power over
it. I cannot, therefore, agree to the amendment in
that shape. If the Senator will strike out that part
which requires us to pay $50,000 a year, I will
vote for the amendment with pleasure.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, I cannot con-
sent to that. As long as the Government is will-
ing, as it has been, to provide for the support of
these Indians, of course 1 am unwilling that Cal-
ifornia shall take their charge at her own cost.
My object in this matter, as I stated when I in-
troduced my amendment originally, was simply
to devise some means by which those Indians
could be taken care of more economically. When
my colleague and myself ask for appropriations
to carry out the policy and objects of the Gov-
ernment in the management of the Indians, we
do not get them, and we are continually met with
the statement that we are too extravagant in our
demands upon the public Treasury.
The Senator from Virginia has very correctly
stated the difficulty connected with this subject;
and that is, that California is so remote from the
capital of our Government that you cannot con-
trol the Indians there without going to a greater
outlay than Congress will submit to. You have
your agents there, as I stated upon a former oc-
casion to the Senate, who are responsible alone
to authority here. Their reports have to come
here, taking nearly a month; and after they get
here, they lay in the Department for two, three,
and four months unacted upon. In the mean
time, if there are any extravagances going on,
there is no power to cut them off. Why, sir,
I called the other day, by a resolution, for a re-
port made by the superintendent of Indian af-
fairs and the special agent of the Government in
California, in reference to its reservations in that
State, which has been lying in the Department
for nearly six months unacted upon; and that fe-
port, if Senators would read it, will show a*nost
deplorable state of affairs, so far as the reserva-
tions and the ijianagement of the Indians in Cali-
fornia are concerned. Now, sir, if the State of
California had charge of these Indians, what
would be done? The Legislature would have
appointed committees to go to the reservations
and see that the Indians were provided for; that
their wants were attended to, and that they were
gathered together. If there was any inefficiency
on the part of the officers, the Governor of the
State would remove them.
The Senatorfrom Iowa [Mr. Grimes] suggest-
ed, the other day, that this was a new policy; that
it was "farming out" the Indians. Sir, you are
farming them out to-day. The only difference is,
that you are farming them out to private individ-
uals at twice as much cost as if you were to farm
them out to the State of California, who would
take care of them, while the report on your ta-
ble shows that you farm them out to private indi-
viduals who do not take care of them. They get
their monthly stipend; and then their duty, in a
great degree, is discharged.
1 do not propose to dwell upon this matter. It
is an important if sot a vital project to California.
I am probably unauthorized in saying that the
State of California will accept of this proposition.
I believe she would do so, because the people
throughout the State, who are annoyed and trou-
bled so much by these Indians, would instruct
their representatives in the Legislature to accept
the proposition and devise some means by which
the State itselftould be relieved from the disgrace
of what are called "massacres," and also that
they might be relieved from the presence of these
Indians, by gathering them upon reservations, as
they should be. This is not a new project, for it
has been discussed in California, and, as I said
before, the Indians of California occupy a differ-
ent relation to the Government from those of any
other State in the Union. They have no lands
there; you make no treaties with them; it is a mere
matter of humanity for the Government to take
care of them as its wards.
If I fail in this, then I have another amendment
which 1 intend to offer, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, that was suggested by the report
of the Department of the Interior, and which may
probably be more acceptable to the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The management of the
Indians, and our tutelage over them, is a subject
which, I think, ought to have attracted much more
of the attention of the Congress of the Uiutea
States than it has done, There is a great office of
