1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1421
over to civilians and politicians. Yet there is no
reason for depriving the civilians and politicians
of the control of the navy-yards that does not
apply witfi equal force to the armories.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I shall make but one more
observation in connection with this subject, and
that is to call the attention of the committee to
the fact that this bill ought to have gone to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and not to the
Committee of Ways and Means. The Military
Committee have time to consider it, and there is
the proper place for its investigation. It cannot be
expected that the Committee of Ways and Means
will investigate all these matters. It is the busi-
nes of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. 1 desire to ask
the gentleman from Maryland the name of the
clergyman to whom he refers.
Mr. HUGHES. His name is Robb.
Mr. MAYNARD. John Robb ?
Mr. HUGHES. Yes, sir.
Mr. Boteler's amendment to the amendment
was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Whiteley.
xhe amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BOTELER. I move to amend, in line
one hundred and forty-eight, by striking out
''$65,500," and inserting " §85,500;" so as to
make the paragraph read:
For repairs and improvements and new machinery at
Harper's Ferry armory, $85,500.
After what has been done by the committee in
striking down the appropriation for the support
of the Harper's Perry armory, and in refusing to
restore the amount to what I conscientiousjy be-
lieved to be proper, 1 earnestly beg that this mod-
ification ^ill be accepted without objection. If it
were not indispensably necessary, I assure the
committee 1 would not ask for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to thatamend-
ment. This appropriation conforms to the esti-
mates, which specify in detail the uses for which
the money is to be required. Now, when the gen-
tleman from Virginia moves to increase the ap-
propriation, without specifying or giving; any rea-
son for asking the increase, I do not think this
committee should be called upon to adopt the
amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. OLIN. I move to strike out the following
paragraph in the bill:
"For the Bcnicia arsenal, $50,000."
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the gentleman from
New York to yield for a motion that the com-
mittee rise. "V^o shall evidently not be able to
dispose of this bill to-night.
Mr. OLIN. I prefer to say what I have to say
upon this amendment now. I wish to call the
attention of the committee to this appropriation.
As I understand the matter^the estimate was made
in pursuance of a recommendation for building an
arsenal at Benicia, for the purposes of construc-
tion, and not for the purposes of repairs. If that
be true, any gentleman has but to turn his atten-
tion to one or two facts to see that it is the most
prodigal and utterly worthless expenditure of
money that ever was attempted under heaven.
Why, sir, there is no material to be used there
for the purpose of making cannon or other arms,
that has not to be transported from the Atlantic
coast. Neither iron, nor timber, nor anything
else to be used for that purpose is to be found upon
the Pacific coast; and when the material is brought
there in the raw, the labor of the mechanics who
have to work it up is more than double what it
would cost on the Atlantic coast, to say the least.
Now, an arsenal for repairs may be necessary for
the Pacific coast. Nobody disputes that fact; but,
sir, the last Congress appropriated #100,000 for
that very purpose, if I am notmistaken. Iknow
that was the estimate, and now $50,000 more is
required. Sir, there is not an officer of the Army
who has any information on the subject who
^ould not denounce the whole project. Not one.
Every man must see that an arsenal there for the
purpose of construction is worse than useless.
There is no point from the Atlantic coast to the
Mississippi river where these arms could not be
manufactured for one third the cost; and that is
not the worst of it, for the cost of transportation
of the manufactured article is less than that of the
raw material. I think, therefore, every gentle-
man will be able to sec that this appropriation will
be of no caithly value.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not see, Mr. Chairman,
how reasonable objection can be made to the pend-
ing provision of the bill for $50,000 forthe Bcnicia
arsenal. That appropriation has been -recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means
upon estimates from the War Department. The
gentleman states that the appropriation last year
was $100,000; and if that is so, then tfeis appro-
priation is a reduction of fifty per cent, from the
preceding appropriation.
Mr. PHELPS. It was only §50,000 at the last
session; and only §50,000 is proposed to be ap-
propriated at this session.
Mr. SCOTT. It ought to pass. It has the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of War and the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means in
its favor.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Olin] is very much mistaken when he says
that there is neither coal, nor iron, nor wood to
carry out the purpose for which this appropri-
ation is asked. It is a well-known fact that there
is an exteifsive iron foundery at the city of San
Francisco, which is provided with iron ore from
the northern part of the State. Coal is obtained in
large quantities from Oregon. We have, sir, all
the wood and iron and coal that are necessary
for an arsenal, or the most extensive national
foundery or armory. Why, Mr. Chairman, let
me tell the gentleman that we have built for the
Government upon the Pacific coast one of the
largest class of naval ships! He will recollect, I
am sure, the discussion which took place between
him and myself at the last session in reference to
the navy-yard at Marc Island, California, for
which was allowed only §20,000, when §100,000
and §150,000 were previously appropriated.
A war steamer was constructed at that navy-
yard and launched. Her machinery was built
by Patrick Donahue & Co. That vessel, in every
respect, is acknowledged by naval officers to be
equal to any constructed at the navy-yards upon
the Atlantic coast. It is a paltry and insignificant
sum that is appropriated for this Benicia arsenal;
and 1 am surprised that objection is made to it.
Wc only ask for California, separated though she
is from the other States of the Confederacy, and
compelled in time of war to rely upon her own
resources and the valor of her sons for her de-
fense and the protection of the honor of the Amer-
ican flag, what is granted to the Atlantic States.
In respect of navy-yards, fortifications, and ar-
senals, San Francisco only asks to be placed upon
an equal footing with New York, Boston, and
Philadelphia.
Mr. OLIN. From whence did you procure the
timber of which the sloop-of-war you refer to was
constructed at Mare Island?
Mr. SCOTT. Timber, I know, is not to be
had everywhere. I believe that Maine is the great
timber State, and that so is Florida; but every
stick of timber used in building that vessel grew
in California, The gentleman must know that
there is timber in Oregon and California. He has
heard, I suppose, of the "big trees" out there,
with which he has nothing in Maine or Florida
to compare.
We have wood and coal andiron in abundance,
and the objection of the gentleman cannot stand.
And then again, the transportation of those things
to California would cost more each year than the
§50,000 now proposed to be appropriated. I hope
the provision will be retained in tne bill.
Mr. Olin's amendment was rejected.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise. It is late—long after four o'clock
—and I do not believe we can finish the bill this
evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. 'Withdraw the motion until
five o'clock, and if the bill is not finished by that
time, it can be renewed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I insist on my motion.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
39, noes 54.
Several Members. No quorum has voted.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It will take hours to get
through with the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffintto^
and Fioiience were appointed.
Mr. BARKSDALE I withdraw my motion.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to the committee
going on with the bill without a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. There has been no vote
taken which would inform the Chair that no quo
rum was present.
Mr. GARNETT. I renew the motion, then,
that the committee rise.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Flokektce
and Buffinton were appointed. >
The question was taken, and the committee re-
fused to rise; the tellers having reported—ayes 26,
noes 95.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading: of the
bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
words " for contingencies of arsenals, §20,000;"
and I do so for the purpose of receiving some ex-
planation of it from the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is always something
necessary for the arsenals in the United States in
the way of contingencies, and the amount pro-
vided for by this bill is less than that usually
allowed heretofore. The gentleman, bv referring
to the documents, will find the detailed expendi-
tures under this head fully set out. This $20,000
is to pay for transportation of arms, for boxes,
and so on.
Mr. MAYNARD. It seems that the appro-
priation is entirely satisfactory to the committee,
and I therefore withdraw my motion to strike out.
Mr. CURTIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to move the following
amendment to this bill:
For the manufacture or purchase of apparatus and equip-
ment for field signals, $2,000; and that there be added to the
staff of the Army one signal officer, with the rank, pay, and
allowance of a major of cavalry, who shall have charge,
under the direction of the Secretary of War, of all signal
duty, and all books, papers, and apparatus connected there-
with.
Mr. BURNETT. I raise the point of order that
that amendment is not in order to this bill, for the
reason that it does not carry out, but changes, ex-
isting law.
The CHAIRMAN. The 81st rule is as follows:
44 No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propiiatum hill4', or be in order as an amendment thereto,
tor any expenditure not previously authoi lzed by law, unless
in continuation ol appropriations for such public works and
objects as are already in progress, and for the contingencies
for carrying on the several departments of the Government."
Under that rule, the Chair sustains the point of
order raised by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. CURTIS, under the general 'provisions
of law in reference to the Army, I think that the
amendment is clearly in order. It is at the sug-
gestion of the Secretary of War, and upon the
unanimous report of the Committee on Military
Affairs, that the amendment is proposed to this
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment does not
provide for carrying out any existing law; and the
point of order being raised, the Chair must rule
tne amendment out of order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The last clause of the
bill appropriates, for continuing the survey of the
northern and northwestern lakes, including Lake
Superior, the sum of §75,000. I move to increase
that appropriation §5,000, in order to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio what is the necessity for it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the gefitle-
man with great pleasure. Two or three years ago
the Government commenced a system of survey-
ing the upper lakes, and appropriations were
made from time to time to carry it into operation.
Last year Congress appropriated $75,000 for that
purpose. This year $100,000 was estimated and
asked for, but the committee have reduced the
appropriation to what it was last year. It is
estimated for by the War Department.
Mr. BARKSDALE. These surveys are for
military purposes5
Mr. SHERMAN. They arc surveys of the
upper lakes, undyr the charge of the War De-
partment.
Mr. BARKSDALE, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr.BURNETT. IftheiebenoobjectionJwill
withdraw my point of order to the amendment
moved amomontago by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Curtis.]
- Mr. WASHBURiN'E, oflliinois. Iftheamend-
ment is to lead to debate, I object.
