THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCBEDING-S OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1860.
New Series,....No. 06.
has luinself stated it, arose on the formation of a
State constitution, and certainly the Senator does
not protend now that the Congress of the United
States or the Federal Government can control the
action of a State upon the subject of slavery when
she comes to form her constitution. The case
has no reference to the former proposition. The
case of California has no pcrtinency to the ques-
tion of the power which a Territorial Legislature
may or may not exercise. I was prepared after
that statement for another statement of the Sena-
tor, which I will also read:
"I was, in 1850, one of tlie most dccided opponents of
the admission of California into the Union. I opposed the
whole batch of the compromise measuies of that memora-
ble period. 1 opposed them because they recognized the
doctrine of' squatter sovereignty, * and weie founded upon
and connected with the admission of California into the
Union with a free-State constitution. Sir, when the south-
ern people, upon a more matui e investigation of the doctrine
in question, and a knowledge of its practical woikmijs m
the caseol^Califomia, came to understand its true chaiactor
and bearing, and to compiehend and appreciate their just
rights under the Constitution, and as equal** in the Confed-
eracy, they universally repudiated and condemned it."
And so it seems that the Senator from Georgia
himself was outside of the limits of the Demo-
cratic party at the very time when the Democratic
convention at Baltimore, in May, 1852, laid it
down as an article of Democratic faith that we ap-
proved the compromise measures of 1850. The
Senator himself was among the opponents of the
Democratic faith, and this is the expositor of
Democratic soundness!
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Scnatoi allow me
to correct him?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. I opposed the compromise
measures in 1850; but in December of that year a
convention was^ held in the State of Georgia to
decide what action that State should take upon
them. The convention decided to acquiesce in
them, and I acquiesced m the determination of
the convention, and therefore remained m the
Democratic party.
Mr. PUGH. Evcrybodyacquiesced. lie could
not help himself. The question is, did the Senator
stand on the Democratic platform in 1852 ? I have
shown that he did not by his own confession, and
yet he sets himself up to lecture other gentlemen
as to the soundness of their faith. More than
that, the Senator was not even in unison with the
Democratic party of Georgia, nor with the people
of Georgia at that time. I read, the other day,
the resolutions of the Legislature of Georgia; the
very Legislatuie by which the Senator was chosen
to this body; and the preamble of those resolutions
is unmistakable in its terms:
a The State of Geonpa. m solemn convention, having
firmlv liwl herself upon the piinciples of the compionnse
measures of 1850, relating to the subject of slavery m the
Terutoitcsof the United States, as a lina) settlement of the
agitation of that question, its withdrawal fionithe Halls of
Congress and the political arena, and its rctercncc to the
people of the Tenitories inteicstod therein ; and distinctly
recognizingin those compromise measures the doc tune that
it is not competent foi Congress to impose anyiestiietionb
as to the existence of slavery among them, upon the citi-
zens moving into and petthng upon the territories ol the
Union, acquired or to lie realtor acquired, but that the
question whether slaveiy shall or shall not form a pait of
their domestic institutions, is for them alone to determine
for themselves."
That was what the State of Georgia had "firmly
fixed herself upon "in solemn convention—a form
of expression so startling and extraordinary that
I wonder the Senator from Georgia did not have
his attention drawn to it. I say, by his own con-
fession, he was not only outside the limits of the
Democratic party, and off the Democratic plat-
form, but he stood m open array against the voice
of his own people in solemn convention repre-
sented. .
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator is greatly mis-
taken about the interpretation or the intention of
the Democratic party of Georgia in passing that
resolution. Neither the Democratic pnrty ofGeor-
gia. nor any other party in the southern States,
have ever admitted, and they did not intend to
express the opinion by that language, that the
people of a Territory, in their territorial capacity,
have any power over the subject of slavery. Then
object was to express the opinion, and so it was
universally understood, that they had the power
at the time they came to form a State constitution
to decide it, but at no other time. That is the
language of the resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Georgia.
Air. PUGH. I have read the language.
Mr. IVERSON. You put your interpretation
on it: we put ours.
Mr. PUGH. It speaks for itself; and I tell the
Senator that no Scripture is of any private interpre-
tation. What Georgia meant, and what the whole
Democratic party meant at that time, I shall by-
and-by have occasion to inquire. What I wish
to say now is, that the gentleman who undertakes
by his fiat to cxclude one hundred and seventy-
two thousand Democratic voters in the State of
Ohio, to pronounce upon their soundness, has not
merely had occasion to recant his own opinions
within the last ten years, but has been for the
greater portion of those ten years outside of the
limits of the very party of which he now pro-
fesses to be the special apostle.
Well, sir, what other experience of territorial
government induced the honorable Senator from
Georgia to change his opinions, as expressed in
July,'1848? Where are all these territorial out-
rages committed on the institution of slavery or
the rights of slaveholders? Have they been m
New Mexico > Has she not, by her Territorial
Legislature, enacted a most stringent code for the
establishment of slavery, and for the protection
of the title in and possession of slaves ? Is it in
Utah? There have been enough of abuses in
Utah,buthave there been any committed on prop-
erly m slaves? Has she not on her statutes, by
the act of hei Legislature, a law expressly rec-
ognizing and protecting the property in slaves
brought within her limits? Slavery was excluded
from Minnesota, Oregon, and Washington, but
never by the act of their own people; it was done
by your sovereign Congress of the United States.
Is it in Nebraska? When has she ever passed
any Jaw to abolish slavery or to exclude it, or to
attack in any wise the title of a master to the pos-
session of his slave?
But Kansas seems to be the case to which the
Senator chiefly directed his attention. What are
the wrongs of Kansas os regards the South ? Did
not her first Legislature pass a body of laws pro-
tecting and cherishing and encouraging slavery,
the provisions of which went as far as those of
any State laws of this Union, and many of which
were so abhorrent to the judgment of disinterested
people everywhere, that the Senate of the United
States, by an almost unanimous vote, interposed
the authority of the Federal Government to stay
the tenitonal authorities in their resolution to es-
tablish slavery in Kansas, and these statutes are
yet in force, with the simple exception of two or
three sections? repealed by the very Legislature
which enacted them. It has not been for lack of
legislation, it has not boon for lack of protection,
that the South has not had slaves carried into
Kansas, or into Now Mexico, and every other
Territory. It has been from the lack of slaves.
They have not had slaves enough, the price has
been too high, the labor of the slaves m the States
has been too valuable; and inasmuch as we have
not been able to furnish the South more slaves
whereby she could populate new Territories, the
Senator calls upon us, by some hocus-pocus, for
an act of Congress to make some new slaveholding
States for the benefit of the South. Well, sir, in
the presentstate of things it is more unreasonable
than the demand upon the Hebrews, who were
required to make bricks without straw. Theve-
foie, sir, all these pretexts that anything has been
done by any Territorial Legislature since the year <
1848, attacking the institution of slavery, or ex- ;
eluding it from their limits, are wholly unfounded j
and, if I may say so without personal disrespect j
to the Senator, unjust. i
In fact, the Senator's ideas of soundness seem !
to be that the North lias only to wait upon the
South as an obedient vassal, and whenever any
candidate for oflicc in a southern State, wishing
to gratify local prejudices or promote his own
success, deigns to propound some new dogma
with regard to slavery, more offensive to northern
sentiment, if possible, than any one else ever pro-
posed, that dogma is to becomc forthwith an in-
controvertible article of Democratic faith. The
Senator will not even tolerate us in doubting
whether or not slavery be, as he alleges, alto-
gether a faultless institution. He says:
" The southern people do not admit that slavery Is a moral
Wrong, a social evil, or a political cuise ; on the contiary,
they believe it right in the sight of Heaven, salutary in its
social bearing and effects, and conducive to the highest
development of political blessings. They must, therefore,
look upon all men who take the opposite ground, and who
condemn slavery in the abstract, as the enemies of their
peculuu institution, and as committed, sooner or later, to
iN final destruction."
Well, sir, without presuming to dictate to the
people of Georgia, or to decide for them in regard
to the social, moral, or political aspects of slavery,
I must acknowledge, even at the risk of the Sen-
ator's high displeasure^ that we have not been
favored, in the State of Ohio, with any authentic
revelation of the Divine will commanding us to
own slaves; and, although thus deprived of what
the Senator esteems essential to our social and
political prosperity, we have managed to exist
after a fashion, and arc somewhat acquainted
with the arts of civilized life. And I must ac-
knowledge, furthermore, if this be the true stand-
ard of Democratic " soundness," as expressed in
the paragraph I have just quoted, I am not only
"unsound myself, but all my constituents, of
all parties, are utterly, incurably, and hopelessly
unsound. Therefore, now that I understand the
rule by which the Senator has judged me, 1 do
not. wonder that he pronounced me unsound.
I said that the Senator from Missouri had
charged the Senator'from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
and myself with being disturbers of Democratic
unity, as well as teachers of new and false doc-
trine. 1 intend to answer both these accusations.
It is very certain, Mr. President, that I was elected
to the Senate of the United States by the Demo-
cratic party; that I never belonged to any other
party; that I have always adhered to its profes-
sions of principle, and supported its regular nom-
inations. If I can show that previous to the 23d
of February, 1859', when Hie Senator from Mis-
souri seems to think I in some way lapsed from
the true faith, before and since the presidential
election, in the hearing of Democratic Senators, I
professed the same opinions, not once merely, but
twice, and thrice, 1 shall at least show that 1 have
been consistent in what the Senator chooses to call
my heresy.
And now, sir, what 'have I said? I have said
that, in my opinion, the people of an organized
Territory, through their immediate representa-
tives in the Territorial Legislature, could prohibit
the introduction of slaves by a prospective law;
admitting, at the same time, that the question was
a judicial one, m regard to which others differed
widely from me, and that whenever dccided by
the Supreme Court of the United States, one way
or another, it would be the duty of the territorial
authorities, as well as of Congress, to obey that
decision until reversed. To employ, with some
revision, the language of a letter which I addressed
to one of my constituents, on the 4th of June last,
and which was published at the lime:
" I agree to -o much of the second resolution adopted by
the Democratic convention of Butler county, on the 23stof
May, as afihms that the people ot an organized Territory
have the tame power to exercise 01 estabh^l the relation
of slavery, as the people of a Stare have; but this power of
exclusion, in the case of Terutories, is subject to two lim-
itation,- expressed in the Federal Constitution.
u 1. That persons held to <-ervice or labor in the States,
or other Teintones, c under the laws thereof,'cannot, by
mere Hight, secure to themselves any advantage which
the\ Lad not in the place whence they lied.
u '2. That the right to the service or labor of a slave, once
recognized by the laws of a Terntory, cannot be divested
or otherwise unpaired by a subsequent Territorial JLegisla-
tutc, without compensation. The act of exclusion, tneie-
toie, must be prospective. _ ,
••It is my opinion, furthermore, that Congress has no
constitutional authority to interfere with the laws ot the
Territories on the subject of slavery, except in the particu-
lars I have specified. Nevertheless, it remains for tnc ju-
26
