402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
dieiary, in all cases, to decide how far an act oflegislation
t>y a Territory or a State contravenes the Constitution of
the United States; that results, inevitably, from the nature
of ourGovernment.
"If the judiciary should be of my opinion, whenever a
case shall arise in regard to the power of a Territorial Le-
gislature over the subject of slavery, I should expect those
of different opinions to acquiesce; and so, if the judiciary
ehould decide for them, I would acquiesce in that decision,
until reversed, without any reference to my individual opin-
ions or sentiments. The man who declares he will observe
only such laws and decisions as please him, and not those
which he disapproves, thereby renounces all obedience and
loyalty as a citizen.
" If I had been consulted in regard to the resolution which
you specify, I should have made no other criticism than
that its last sentence is open tosomedegiee of misapprehen-
sion. We may well enough act with those, m our own State
and elsewhere,who believe that the people of a Ten itory ean
only decide upon the question of slavery when about to form
a State government; but upou the express condition that
they will attempt no interference, through Congress, while
the territorial organization exists. That is the real point
of controversy; and that was determined by the Cincin-
nati platform* as well as by the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Give
us the doctrine of non-intervention as there proclaimed,
and popular sovereignty becomes at once an established
and indisputable fact.
" This, substantially, is what I said in the Senate on the
23d of February last; and if there be anything which does
not perfectly accord with this in the platform of our State
convention, I am altogethei unconscious of the difference,
and altogether certain that no difference was intended."
On the Dth of July, 1856, I had a controversy
with the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
with regard to what was flien called the " Kansas
pacification" or Toombs bill. My speech on that
occasion was circulated by other Senators as well
as by myself during the presidential campaign of
1856. 1 then said:
" Tile question presented upon this subject is, whether
the actual inhabitants ot a Territoiy shall decide the char-
acter of then local institutions, or submit to the arbitrary
decision of Congress in thatiegard? Popular sovereignty
and congressional domination stand opposed to each other.
The Senator maintains that it is the right of Congiess to
govern the Territories in all respects, without reference to
the will of their inhabitants. I deny both the rightfulness
and expediency of such legislation. I have held this faith
ever since I had a vote, and expect to continue in the faith."
* * * * *******
" The issue, therefore, is whether Congress or the people
shall decide upon the institutions of a new State. There
are some Senators belonging to the Democratic paitv who
stop nt that point. 1 believe the Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Benjamin] does; and. at all events, the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Drown] and the Senator from Ceoigiu
[Mr. Toombs] do. I do not. They hold that the Constitu-
tion of the United States restrain* the people of the Ten ito-
ryfrom excluding slavery, hy huv, during the peuod of the
terntoual government. 1 do not so understand theConsti-
tution. I agree with them, however, m this: if the Con
stitntion has restrained the people, aw alleged, let them he
restrained! Whatever the Constitution provides in tins
paiticular, by that i will stand, i desire no betlei law than
the Constitution; and God knows that 1 advocate no ' higher
law' for the government <l£our political relations.
"This question being adhere question ol construction, a
question as to the powers conferred in the Federal Consti-
tution, wo have agteed that it shall bo leierred to the judi-
cial authorities for determination ; and, both as a Senatoi
and a citizen, I mean to he hound by whatever thejudicial
authorities decide in th.U respect. At present, however,
and until the decision, 1 will enieitain, and, if necessaiy,
defend, my own opinion. Finding no sueli icstraint tn the
Constitution as Senators have alleged,! believe that, under
the terms of the Kansas-Nebraska act, each Territorial Le-
gislature may prohibit or admit slavejy at will—not as a
permanent decision, to be sure, but dtiung the teintonal
period, or until otherwise lawfuliv piovtded.,J—~fypciulix to
the Congressional Glohe} Thirty-Fourth Congress, Jint ses-
sion, page 866.
Previous to that, in the first speech of any length
which I ever delivered in the Senate, on the 26th
of May, 1856, similar language was employed.
I then said:
"A regulation of the domestic and local afihirs of a com-
munity—whether you call it a State, a Territory, or by
wnat title soever—in opposition to, or disregard of, the
wishes of the inhabitants, icstiaimng them from the advan-
tages enjoyed hy then fellow-emzens in other State* or
Territories, for the development of their material resources,
the forms of labot which are bc^t suited to their soil, cli-
mate, and eiicumstanees—such angulation, in my judg-
ment, is a very gio^s abuse ot powei, wherever the power
does exist, and a tyrannical assumption wherever it docs
not. And when we consider that the whole scope of a
territorial government is to provide for the future ad ni -
kiou of the community over which it exists into the Umon,
a> a State, the proposition becomes too clear for any dis-
pute, except from those who love to cavjJ upon mflingdis-
tinctions, or rather upon distinctions without any ddfei-
ence ; that whatevei restriction cannot be imposed on "the
State afteradmission, cannot be imposed at that time: and
whatever cannot he unponcd as a lequisite to admission,
cannot in good faith be imposed during the ten itoi nil foim
ol government.1'
Well, sir, after the presidential election, oil the
10th of December, 1856, I had another contro-
versy with the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] over the last annual message of General
Pierce, and iny language was this:
Mr. President, it has been charged, in the coursa of this
discussion, that the Democratic party in the northern States
avoided the real issue during the late presidential canvass.
What was the real issue? The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] says it was, whether a Territorial Legislature
has or has not power to abolish slavery. I find no such
issue propounded in either the Republican or the Demo-
cratic platform," *******
" The question to which the Senator from Illinois adverts
did not enter into the issue; nor is it ot the ica^t conse-
quence. What a Territorial Legislature can do, or cannot
do, in respect of slavery, is no question for us. If it should
exclude slavery, or tolerate slavery, whichever you please,
the man who wishes to contest its power, one way or an-
other, can betake himself to the judicial tribunals, and have
his case decided. The issue is not what a Territorial Legis-
lature can do; the issue is what Congress can do; and that,
m my opinion, is nothing at all.
" If Congress will leave thiswholequestiontothe inhab-
itants of the several Territories, to be decided in each case
without its intervention, and when, and as the inhabitants
may choose, or may be able to decide it, we shall have no
further occasion of controveisv and schism." * y"
"I might complain, on the other hand, if it were worth
while, as to the couise of our opponents. We were charged,
and aie to this day, with desiring, and in fact designing,
to extend the institution of slavery into Terutones where
it does not now exist. The only pictexi upon which this
accusation could be founded at all i^, that wc refuse to vote
for any act of Congiess to prevent its extension. Weil,sn,
we believe that Congress has no constitutional authority to
pass an act of this description ; and tiiat, as it is for the in-
habitants of each State, new and old, to exclude or admit
slavery at discretion, Congress ought not to muip then
rights and privileges as American citizens duinig the tcni-
toiial lorm of Government." *****
" Tim Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] is entitled to
his opinion as to the effect of the Constitution upon tei rito-
rial oigamzations. I am not bound to agree with him in
that opinion, and I do not agree. But that question, as I
have said, never can come before us. We have, m the
Nebraska bill, disciaimcdall jurisdiction 011 the partof Con-
gress ovei the bubjuct."
Well,sir,if the Senate will pardonmc for read-
ing1 one more cxtract—for 1 know it is rather an
ungracious task for a man to be compelled to
auote his own speeches—in the speech which I
delivered in the Senate, in support of the Lecomp-
ton constitution, long after the Drcd Scott case,
and when I followed the lead of the Senator from
Missouri, and was thought to be a Democrat of
the purest water, I find this same doctrine an-
nounced. That speech was delivered 011 the lGth
of March, 1858. In it I said:
" Ileie was a body of men, de facto the L.egislaHue of the
Terutory of Kansas. They passed a lawautlioiiztng slaves
to be taken into Kansas. Jlere was ail honest citizen of
your State, sir, or of the State of Tennessee, or ol the State
of Missouri, who did not know whether the Legislature
had been ughtmlly chosen or not; he had not lead this
gieat Kansas hook ol the last Couplers ; he waMii the same
state of Dhsslul ignoianee in which our Republican friends
say most of us aie to this day, including the Pi evident. He
had slaves which were his hy the laws of Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, or Missouri. The title was recognized by the laws
of his own State. U was property, valid property, for which
he had paid; and he read in the statute* of Kansas-"—
Not in the Constitution of the United States,
but in the statutes of Kansas—
" that he had a perfect liberty to take that slave into Kansas
with him, and that he and his {.lave mnrht live peaceably
together and till thesoil, and he went tluthei. Now, they
come to make a constitution; and do Senators j-mouMy
pretend that the cause ot human freedom or the cau-e of
honesty, as between man and man, requires that one who
has acted 111 good faith, against whom no imputation of being
connected with anj u-anpatioa or outrage can be made,
shall bo punished hy the loss of that which was declared to
be propet ty hy the laws of Kansas, as well as by the laws
of the State whence he eiuigiated? That would be the con-
fiscation ot private piopeity."
It is certainly very singular that I have been
allowed by tho good shepherd of the Democratic
party from Missouri, and his assistants on this
occasion, to be treated as a member of the Dem-
ocratic party in this body for the last four years,
and that at no time, until within the last twelve
months, has it been supposed that the announce-
ment of such opinions was contrary to the estab-
lished faith of the Democratic pai ty. I was a good
enough Democrat until after Mr Buchanan had
been elected; that much is certain. The Senator,
however, has chosen to speak with regard to the '
Cincinnati platform, lie has read one resolution, 1
and but one. I shall read that resolution also, ;
and then I shall read what the Senator omitted. !
Here is what the Senator read: !
11 Resolved, That we recognize the right of the people of 1
all the Teiritones, including Kansas and Nebiaska, acting 1
through the legally and fairh -expressed will of a majority of j
actual residents, and whenever the number of their inhab- j
mints justifies it, to form a constitution, with or without I
| domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon j
terms of perfect equality witnthe other States " j
I declare, sir, that I never heard that questioned j
or doubted in the Democratic party, and it certainly I
is expressed in language so plain, that, if that be i
all, what was the necessity of any further rosolu- I
tion? But what else did the Cincinnati platform
say ? Here it is :
" Resolved, That claiming fellowship with, and desiring
the cooperation of all who regard the preservation of the
Union under the Constitution as thf paramount issue., and
repudiating all sectional parties and platforms concerning
domestic slavery, which seek to embroil the States and in-
cite to treason and armed resistance to Jaw in the Terri-
tories,"—
Now we come to the Territories—
"and whose avowed purposes, if consummated, must end
111 civil war and disunion, the American Democracy rec-
ognize and adopt the principle contained in the organic
laws establishing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
as embodying the only sound and safe solution to the < sla-
very question' upon which the great national idea of the peo-
ple of this country can repose in its determined conservatism
of the Union—non-inteiference by Congress with slavery
in State and Territory, ot m the District of Columbia."
That was the principle. The Cincinnati con-
vention, like the Georgia convention," firmly fixed
itself" on that principle. That was the only safe
and sound solution of the slavery question. It
was upon that that the people of this whole coun-
try were to repose in determined conservatism of
the Union. Shall I read it again?
" Non-iuteifercnce by Congress with slavery in State and
Torritoiy, or in tlie District of Columbia
But that is not all: *
" That this was the basis of the compromises of 1850, eon-
firmed by both the Democratic and Whig paities in na-
tional convention; ratified by the people in the electionof
185*2; and lightly applied to the organization "—
Gentlemen, I hope I pronounce it distinctly—
" to the organization of Territories in 1854."
Not to the admission of new States, but to the
organization of Territories. That is not all:
u That by the uniform application of that Democratic
punciple to the organization of Territories, and to the ad-
mission of new States with 01 without domestic slavery,
as they may elect, the equal rights of all the States will be
preserved intact, the original compacts of the Constitution
maintained inviolate, and the perpetuity and expansion of
the Union insured to its utmost capacity of embracing, in
peace and harmony, every future State that may be con-
stituted or annexed with a republican form of govern-
ment.1''
I would thank the Senator frQm Missouri, if
he had read the whole of the Cincinnati platform.
The platform refers byname to the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill. It does not refer to the Oregon bill,
from which the Senator quoted, and far less to the
old ordinance of 1787, the government under
which drove the people of Ohio and the people
of Indiana almost to the verge of civil war and
rebellion. The Democratic party never picked uj>
those territorial acts and set them forth in its plat-
form as commanding its approbation; but now,
instead of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, which was
thus presented os the pattern and the model, the
Senator from Missouri entertains us with long
discourses about what was done under the ordi-
nance of 1787 and the Oregon bill of 1848. What
was the Kansas-Nebraska bill ? Theiirst section
of the bill covers the whole ground of the admis-
sion of Kansas and Nebraska into the Union.
That was all the bill contained 011 the subject of
slavery when it was first introduced. After giving
the boundaries of Nebraska, it proscribed:
" And when admitted as a State or States, sakT Teiri-
tory, or any portion of the same, shall be received into the
Union with or without slavery, as their constitution may
prcscube at the time of their admission."
That was in the_ original Nebraska bill; but it
underwent long discussion, and infinite amend-
ment. After it had been debated in the Senate
for a month, another clause was added in a sub-
sequent section. What for? To secure the right
of being admitted as a slaveholding State ? That
was secured by the first section, express the
opinion of the Senate on that question? It was
expressed. Somethingelsewastobedone. What
else was it? The fourteenth section will show it;
and, in order to have the full benefit of that clause,
I trust Senators will pay attention to the place in
which it is found:
" Sec. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That a Delegate to
the House of llepresentatives ot the United States, to serve
for a term of two years, who shall be a citizen oi tne United
States?maybe elected by the voters qualified to elect mem-
bers ot the Legislative Assembly, who shall be entitled to
the same rights and privileges as are exercised and enjoyed
bv the Delegates from the several other Territories of the
United States to the said House of Representatives; but the
Delegate first elected shall hold his scat only during the
teim of the Congress to which he shall be elected. The
first election shall be held at such time and places, and be
conducted in such manner as the Governor shall appoint
and direct; and at all subsequent elections, the times, places,
and manner of holding the election* shall be prescribed by
