1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
low. The person having the greatest number of votes shall
be declared by the Governor to be duly elected; and a cer-
tificate thereof &hdll be given him accordingly."
I presume nobody denies that that applies ex-
clusively during the territorial form of govern-
ment and to a matter that was peculiarly terri-
torial—the election of a territorial Delegate; an
officer who could not exist after they became a
State; and yet, in the same section, withouteven
the break of a paragraph, the act proceeds:
" That the Constitution, and all laws ofthe United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same
forcc and effect, within the said Territory of Nebraska, as
elsewhere within the United States, except the eighth sec-
tion of the act prepaiatoryto the admission of Missouri into
the Union, approved March 6, 1820; which, being incon-
sistent with the principle of non-intervention by Congress
with slavery in the States and Temtoncs, as recognized
by the legislation of 1850. commonly called the compromise
measure®, i& hereby declared inoperative and void it being
the true intent and meaning of this act not to legi-Iate sla-
veiy into any Tcrntoiy or State, nor to exclude it theie-
froni, but to leave the people thcieof perfectly fiee to foim
and regulate their domestic institution^ in their own way,
subject only to the Constitution of the United States • Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contamcd shall be construed to
revive or put in force any law or regulation which may have
existed pnor to the act of 6th March, 1830, either piotcct-
wg, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing slavery."
Now, Mr. President, was that language meant
to apply solely to the admission of Nebraska into
the Union as a State? If so, it was utterly super-
fluous, for all that had been provided for m a pre-
vious section. The act of March G, 1820, had no
operation, except during the territorial govern-
ment; and when you repealed it and substituted
a new doctrine you meant it for the territorial
government, or you meant nothing at all; and,
consequently, to pretend that the idea of the Dem-
ocratic party in 1854, or in 1856, was to declare
that the people of a Territory could only, when
they came to form a State constitution, regulate
the subject of slavery, is to convict the Demo-
cratic Senators and the Democratic Representa-
tives of having brought this Union almost to the
verge of dissolution simply for an empty form of
words, as contained in this act.* If that be what
you meant, your Kansas-Nebraska bill was a
* miserable cheat, and your Cincinnati platform
was a delusion and a snare. No, sir; you have
only to look to the other clauses of the act.
The Senator from Missouri says the Kansas-
Nebraska bill confers on the Territorial Legisla-
ture its power of legislation. No such thing. It
recognizes it; it acknowledges it; it confesses it.
It does not confer it. Here is the language:
" That the legislative power of the Territory shall extend
to all wghtlul subjects ot legislation consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the piovis iond of this
act; but no law shall be passed interfering with the piimaiy
disposal of the soil, no tax shall be imposed upon the prop-
erty ofthe United States, nor shall the lands oi other piop-
crty of non-residents be taxed higher than the lands or other
property oi residents."
On the contrary, while Congress by this law
acknowledges the legislative power which that
Legislature derived from the people, it merely in-
sists on three conditions expressed m the act. Ah,
but, says the Senator from Missouri, the fact of
those very conditions being imposed on the power
of the Territory to levy taxes is itself an utter
destruction of all sovereignty and all independent
power of legislation. If so, we are in a tumble
condition, and the Senator is surely responsible.
I do not suppose anybody denies the fact that the
States of this Union are sovereign: that much
sovereignty, at least, has been left, that, at least,
has not been ingul fed into this great Federal abyss;
and yet the Senator from Missouri himself pro-
posed in this body a bill, for which he voted, and
for which, Democratic Senators, you all voted,
except my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
which contained those very conditions which the
Senator from Missouri now says are inconsistent
with all ideas of an independent power of legisla-
tion by the Territories. I propose to read from
the famous conference bill m regard to Kansas—
I could refer to many others, but I prefer to take
the Senator's own example. By the " act tor the
admission of the State of Kansas into the U mon,
approved May 4, 1838, vou submitted the ques-
tion to the people of Kansas "whether they chose
to become a State; and let us see what prolnbi- j
tions or limitations you imposed on the sovereign 1
power ofthe State with regard to taxation. That ;
act declared: ^ j
•'The Ibreooino propositions herein offered are on the
condition tlat said State of Kan,as shall never intern
with the primary disposal of the land* of the tinned States,
or with any regulations which Congress mayfind necessary
for seeming tile title in said soil to bona fide purchasers
thereof; ami that no lax shall he imposed on lands belong-
ing to the United States; ami that in no case fhail non-
resident proprietors be taxed higher than residents. Sixth.
And that said State shali never "tax the lands or property of
the United States in that State."
Now, sir, if there is anything in the argument
of the Senator from Missouri, as applied to the
Territories, I say it applies to States by his own
showing. If the mere fact that in the organic&l
act establishing the Territory ofKansas, Congress
prescribed that limitation on the legislative power,
thereby denied them a right of legislation for them-
selves, then the same words contained in the con-
ference bill for Kansas show that even a State, by
the argument of the Senator, has no power of le-
gislation except what is conferred by Congress!
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will give way, I
will move that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. PUG-H. If it is important to have an ex-
ecutive session, I will give way.
Mr. YULEE. It is not very important, but it
is desirable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Chair supposes the Senator
from Florida intends to move the postponement
of the subject under consideration.
Mr. YIJLEE. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION Of PRINTER.
Mr. FITCH submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which lies over under the rules:
Resolved, That the Senate will, on Monday next, J 6tli
instant, at half past one o'clock, p. m., proceed to the elec-
tion of a Prmtei to the Senate, for and during tile Thirty-
Sixth Construe, upon the condition that he accept the ap-
pointment subject to such leduetion oi change in the puces
now estabii^iied by law foi tile execution of the public
prmtmc, a- may heseafter during the pir^ent C'oiqn:^ he
made by law, and legulate lii.-:. chaige* accordingly.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate, on the motion of Mr. YULEE,
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, January 11,1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. R. J. Cone.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated as the business first in
order, the question of the admissibility of the
resolution proposed by Mr. Edwards yesterday,
upon which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scranton] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCRANTON. Mr. Clerk, indisposition
lias prevented me from constant attendance in the
House for the past few days, and 1 am still un-
able to give attention to the preparation of my
remarks at this time; in consequence, also, of my
low tone of health, 1 am compelled to read what
I wish to say.
Mr. Clerk, frequent allusion having been made
to the vote for Mr. Gilmer for Speaker, by cer-
tain members of the Opposition party, accompa-
nied with charges of bad faith in the easting of
that vote, I desire, as one of those who contrib-
uted to that vote, to explain my connection with
the movement, and state briefly the motives which
prompted it.
But first allow me to say that I am one of those
Representatives from Pennsylvania who were
elected by the People's party. I received*the sun-
port ofthe Republican party entire, and, in addi-
tion thereto, the suffrages of a very large part of
the Democratic party of my district.
Individually I have been a Whig, was born in
the faith, gave my first vote, in 1832, for Mr. Clay,
and adhered to the tenets of that party through
ail its vicissitudes till the organization became
practically defunct. 1 was proud of the party,
both m respect of its advocates and its principles,
and I cherish those still. For the great leader 1
felt an attachment so intense that I know of no
other name that would so appropriately express
the emotion as love. 1 entertain the deepest veil'
eration for his memory. Although I have never
been an active politician, never having been a can-
didate for office until my acceptance of the nomin-
ation for the position I now have the honor to
hold, I have not been indifferent to the great ques-
tions that have of late been submitted to the coun-
try. In 1856, my vote was given to Mr. Fillmore,
which was by many considered an indirect vote
for Mr. Buchanan, and I frankly acknowledge that
I tijfn preferred Buchanan to Fremont. Besides,
on several occasions, I have voted for Democrats
in our State elections when I considered the can-
didates of that party the better men. These facts
I merely adduce to prove that I am conservative,
and not so wedded to party as to be deterred from
making concessions when, in my judgment, the
public good requires it.
My position, therefore, in this bodyis an inde-
pendent one. The one hundred and fifty thou-
sand people I have the honor to represent have de-
manded no pledges to particular measures. They
have confidence m my fidelity to their interests;
and I have confidence in their national and con-
servative sentiments, and no motive can influence
me but the desire and the determination to repre-
sent them faithfully, and to serve my State and
my country.
Now, from the first, it has been apparent to me,
as it must have been to every gentleman here, that
an election cannot be effected without some con-
cessions of party preference; hence, sensible that
the position I occupied would warrant me in join-
ing such a compromise, I accepted the first oppor-
tunity that presented itself.
On the day that the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Ethekidge] announced to the
other side of the House that Mr. Gijlmer could
command more than thirty votes from the Oppo-
sition, at any time whop the Democrats would
come to his support, I proposed to several gen-
tlemen of our Pennsylvania delegation to make
j his proposition good. That was promptly done,
\ and Mr. Gilmer's vote was carried up to thirty-
1 six. So far as my observation extended at the
[ time, 1 was the first among the Republicans to
| suggest this step; and I had no consultation on
I the subject with any one of the South Americans
! previous to the vote. Subsequently, it was as-
| serted that we were not sincere in giving that voto,
I and stood ready to change it, so far as we were
! concerned, the moment it should appear that Mr.
Gilmer had received a majority. Several gentle-
men repudiated that charge publicly, of which
number I was one. Mr. Gilmer was again put
in nomination by the honorable gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] with the fair under-
standing that his former Opposition vote would
be repeated; and the Democratic party was invited
to come to ins aid and secure his election; but this
they refused to do, and Mr. Gilmer failed of an
election. I therefore feel that I have made as much
concession, 111 the way of party predilection, in
order to effect an organization, as any gentleman
upon this floor, and much more than the most of
them. My only object in this movement was to
bring about an organization oil a fair compromise
basis, by uniting on a sound, national, Union-
loving southern man, whose well-known position
on the tariff question makes him doubly accept-
able to the people I have the honor to represent;
and that gentleman beinga large slaveholder, and,
as I understand, representing one of the largest
slaveholding constituencies in the South, I sup-
posed, if the Democratic party in this House had
been sincere ill their professions respecting the
election of a. Speaker, he could not hut be accept-
able to them.
It has been urged against Mr. Gilmer, as an
excuse for opposing him, that he has received the
support of Republicans. I am astonished at so
humiliating an exhibition of factious partisan
spirit. 1 did not vote for him because he is an
American, for 1 never belonged.to the party; but
I voted for him for the reasons I have stated.
And here let me remark that I left Mr. Sherman
for two ballots, not that I loved him less, but be-
cause I loved good order more, and wished to ex-
tricate this House and rescue the country from
the difficulties which surround us. I came here
a stranger to Mr. Sherman. I have listened at-
tentively to the discussions on this floor, in the
course of which, it seems to me, all injustice and
misrepresentation have been heaped upon his de-
voted head, while, so far as I can learn,previously
to this contest no man ever stood better or was
considered more courteous and honaiable than he
in all his intercourse with his fcUow-mem burn.
