1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2s r
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts has exercised a great deal of diligence
and industry in gathering extracts from news-
papers, which have not been substantiated. I
think, however, he has not shown a great deal of
liberality towards California, in placing upon the
record extracts from newspapers which subse-
quent investigations have shown to be of the mar-
velous character and gotten up for the purpose of
making sensation articles. The papers in Califor-
nia, like the papers in the Atlantic States, are dis-
posed to publish reports, whether true or untrue,
which partake of the bloody and the extravagant.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
referred to the same reports which the Senator
from Massachusetts has had read. The Legis-
lature acted upon these reports detailed often-
times by private individuals and in other ways
entirely unknown to me. These articles being
published, the Legislature appointed a committee,
who went to the places where they were alleged
to have occurred, and found that, while there
were things done for which there was no pallia-
tion and no excuse, yet that these accounts were
exaggerated in the extreme. With reference to
the attack made on Colonel Henley, in one ex-
tract which has been read, I will say that, prior
to my leaving the State, Colonel Henley came
out m a card and gave his positive denial to the
charges made, and demanded proof from the gen-
tleman making them, with whom he said ho had
not friendly relations. The proof was not pro-
duced. Wiietherthe statement be true or untrue,
1 know not. I merely state the facts as they oc-
curred. But what has all this to do with the
motion that is now pending? The Senator from
Massachusetts has himself shown that which J
endeavored to impress upon the Senate: that it is
utterly impossible for the central Government
here to take care of the Indians there. If you
give authority to the State to punish fchese parlies;
if you give authority to the State to take these In-
dians under its control, instead of having your
irresponsible agents there, you would hear
nothing more of these " massacres " upon which
the Senator from Massachusetts dwelt.
Mr. President, the policy which I have de-
signed to inaugurate by my amendment was, for
the State, after taking possession of the rcscr\a-
tions, to appoint its own agents; and those agents
would be subject at once to remov.il by the Gov-
ernor. The Governor could send them through-
out the State and gather the Indians upon the
reservations. He could keep them constantly
undei ins own eye and under his own inspection,
if ihere is any inhumanity; if there is any mal-
treatment; if any difficulty should spring up be-
tween the whites and the Indians in any part of
the State, having the authority and control, he
%could discharge the agent neglectfng his duty,
and could have the Indians bi ought to the rosei-
vations, and thus terminate the difficulty. It is
plain as can be to any western man, and must
bo to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den*,] how all these difficulties originate. He has
hved m a western State. He knows how border
warfare is carried on. Your Government has
but a few soldiers m California, a very insuffi-
cient force. General Clark, the officer in com-
mand m California, has stated to the present Gov-
ernor of that State, (Governor Downey,) that he
hcib not a sufficient military force there to protect
the people against outrage on the part of the In-
dians, and that the laws which exist in Oregon
and "Washington have not been extended oyer
California, so as to give him authority to punish
them when outrages are committed. In certain
portions of the State, as, for instance, in Mendo-
cino county, the population is agricultural and
scattered. The Indians come down from the
mountains, because they have been driven from
thur fishing grounds and hunting places, and
seize the property of the settlers; and, not con-
tent with seizing their property, if any resistance
is made, they murder the white men; murdertheir
children; just as brutally as the white men are
represented to have murdered their children in
the accounts read by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. They stand this, week in and week
out. They send for aid and protection to the
Governor of the State. He is not enabled to give
tliem any assistance. They go to the officer in
command of the United Status troops, and he
tells them: " 1 have not troops here sufficient to
protect you against these outrages." At last
" forbearance ceases to be a virtue;" and after
they have suffered; after their property has been
taken; after their families have been murdered;
after their children have been slaughtered in the
most brutal manner, incensed and indignant, they
do get up these expeditions, and oftentimes do
that which their calm judgment,, reason, and hu-
manity, and everything else would prevent, if
they did not feel that they were rejected and out-
raged by the treatment of the Government of the
United States.
I do not wish to dwell on these things. Sen-
ators from the western portion of our country can
better judge of the truth of what I am stating than
the Senator from Massachusetts, in whose State
there are no Indians, and whose people are not
subjected to these outrages. I do not pretend to
palliate or excuse any wrongs. I merely state
facts as they are; and it is to remedy this deplo-
rable condition of affairs that I ask the Senate to
give the authority and the power to the State of
California to control and manage these Indians.
Give her the power, and you will hear nothing
more of these depredations. You will find that
the lepresentatives of the people of the several
districts where the Indians are living will be anx-
ious to procure such a system as will fulfill the re-
quirements of the policy I have indicated.
I stated, while I was upon the floor before, that
, if myamendment was voted down, I should offer
1 another amendment, which had been "suggested
' by the report of the Secretary of the Intenor;but
the Senator from Massachusetts has taken the
wind out of my sails, by introducing an amend-
ment snniliar m substance. I now merely ask
the indulgence of the Senate to have the amend-
ment to which I alluded read, and then all the
pioposiUons will be before this body and it can
jud^c between them. This amendment has re-
ceived the approbation of the Department; and I
will also state that it has been before the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and they have given me
permission to report it.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment;
which is, to insert, after tin; appropriations for the
Indians in California, the following proviso:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior may divide
the State ol California into two Indian d^tucts and that
the Picsulent of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of tiie Senate, s->hali appoint a Mipeuntcnding
agent lor each district, at a salary of $3,600 per annum;
who, upon executing a bond upon such terms, and in *uch
sum and secunty as the Secietary ot the Inteiior may pre-
bcube, shall have undei Jin control and management, as
the Secretary of the inteuor may prescribe, the Indians
and i enervations in their separate lespective districts. Kach
superintendent may appoint, subject to the confii malum uf
tin* Ssoeretaiyol the Inteuor, a supervisor for each reserva-
tion in his respective disti ict, to instruct the Indians in hus-
bandij , ata^ihuy of .<$1,01)0 pei annum ; andaWo to appoint
not t'\eecdi.ii£ loui laborer* to aid cu<.h .-upei visoi, nt a com-
pensation not to exceed hliy dollar* pei month: slndjno-
adedfwither. That the Sectetaiy ol the Interior isauthoi-
lzed, at lus discretion, it deemed expedient, to lease cither
or all ot the ro^ei vatunis or faun* lor a term ot > car.--, to i e-
sponMble parties, who may be willing to tarm them and
provide foi the huppoit and comfort of the Indian* thereon,
or who may be brought thine by the superintendent-*, tor a
sum not to'exceed j 000 pei annum ; and upon such party
giving a bond in such teuns and for such sum a-* the Sec-
retary may dictate lor the laithlul pcrlormauce of his con-
tiact, to suppoit the Indians, pie&eive and return the Gov-
ernment propeity inti listed to his caic : *dnd provided fur-
ther, That the express condition ol such leasing is to .save
the Governmentof the United States liom all expense con-
nected with said le^eivations, except the salary of the
5-upeuntendent of each district; and the lessee i^> to receive
and support all Indian* brought to the reservations by the
Mipeuntendent:  2ni7 provided further, That all acts or
p'ntsof acts in conllict with tins piovision be, and the
tame arc hereby, repealed.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggestto the Senator from
California that perhaps he could accomplish his
purpose better by withdrawing his original amend-
ment and substituting this, if he is convinced that
lie cannot pass that.
Mr. LATHAM. I am not convinced; and I
ask for the yeas and nays, and hope the Senate
will give them to me. I want to show the people
of California that I have done my duty. If the
Senate reject the proposition, the fault will not
rest with me. If, however, the Senate will ex-
cuse me for a moment, I will now explain thelast
amendment which I submitted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot m
the chair.) The pending question is on the
amendment of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts to
the amendment of the Senator from California.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 am aware of that; and I
wish merely to say thai the last amendment I
submitted reduces the expenses some $11,300
per annum in the mere compensation of employes
and agents. Their present compensation amounts
to some $35,300. One superintendent gets $4,Q0G;
his clerk gets $1,800; three Indian agents get'
$9,000; three sub-agents get $4,500; and the la-
borers, smiths, &.c., get from sixteen to twenty
thousand dollars per annum. My last amend-
ment gives to the two superintendents $3,600
each, making §7,200; four supervisors, $7,200;
and the laborers, at fifty dollars a month, $9,600;
making altogether $24,000—a difference of $11,300
in the mere compensation of employes.
The latter portion of the amendment just read,
relates to the leasing out of the reservations, if the
Secretary of the Interior deems that the interests
of the Government will be best subserved by giv-
ing their control to respectable, reliable, well-in-
dorsed, and worthy citizens. I will state to the
Senate that there are a large number of old Califor-
nians, gentlemen of wealth and of character, who
have small bands of Indians upon their ranches,
and who support them and take care of them;
and a number of gentlemen of respectability and
wealth have indicated to the Department that if
the control of the reservations be given to them,
they will superintend and manage the Indians ta
the entire satisfaction of the Government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want to inquire how
many Indians are supposed to be within the limits
of the State of California?
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will state to the Senator
that there never has been any census taken, and
it would be mere guess-work for me to estimate.
I have seen various estimates—from fifty up to
eighty thousand. I doubt myself whether there
are over thirty thousand Indians in the whole
State. Probably that number would be within
bounds.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I suppose myself there
cannot be more than about that number from any
account we have. Well, sir, we see how little
care governmental establishments have for the
protection of the Indians. Here are over thirty
thousand Indians; and an establishment of super-
intendents, agents, and officers of one kind or
another, costing $35,000 a year, for the general
superintendence merely of the Indians, and with
all that superintendence they are massacred day
by day. Sir, we have no instance of any one of
these agents of ours being called to any account
for these transactions. How is this? We pay
salaries of $3,600 per annum, and still this con-
stant massacre has been going on; and we Jiave
no account of the interposition of agent or super-
intendent in the performance of any duty of hu-
manity towards these people even of the most
ordinary character. I am, therefore, hopeless of
all governmental protection that is to he exercised
at this distance from California. Youi agents
tnke no trouble about it. Their official duties are
well performed, they must suppose, when they
receive their salary and enjoy and spend it. That
is all we have any reason to presume they do.
Where are their reports even of these wrongs and
outrages upon the Indians? "What have they
done to prevent them? What have they done to
cause these criminals and murderers to be prose-
cuted m the courts of California?
Mr. LATHAM. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I will state, in reply to his
question, that the Department is full of reports.
1 introduced a resolution upon this very matter;
and it has been replied to by the Secretary of the
Interior. It was ordered to be printed; and I
regret that it has not been done. It shows what
action was taken by these agents, not only in re-
porting to the Department; but all other steps
connected with the outrages of which the Senator
speaks.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am glad to hear any
vindication of them, but they have done nothing
but make reports that 1 know of. Can the gentle-
man tell us of any of these murderers who have
been prosecuted and punished ? Have they been
huD£,as.Tarboe ought to have been twenty times
over, if life could have been renewed as uften in
him ? I do not hear of anybody; yet we are told
of massacres, right and left, of the most muider-
ous character; massacres of men, women, and chil-
dren enough to make a whole nation ashamed.
I do not want to continue a debate on this sub-
ject It is one that we can feel no pleasure m
discussing. There isnothingbut blood and shame
