1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29.
the Government. I do not know that it will affect
the expenses any way; but I think it will be very
inconvenient to Senators, to be kept here in the
summer; anil the result of this measure will be to
protract the session in the summer. Whatever
may be the strength of my friend's memory, I doubt
"whether there are many Senators here who will
not say that we can finish business in less time by
going on regularly with it, than by having an in-
terregnum of a month, and then having to com-
mence many things de novo. But with reference
to the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island, I have nothing to say. When it is out of
the way, I shall make the motion I have indicated.
Mr. GWIN. If the motion is to adjourn finally
on the 15th of Juno, I am for it, and against the
recess.
■Mr. BROWN. I shall vote for the original reso-
lution, unless it is amended in the way proposed
by the Senator from Rhode Island. In that event
I shall vote against it. I am not for fixing early
days of adjournment. We are paid by the year
to transact the public business; and it is our duty,
I think, to stay here until we have done it; and
when there is nothing else to do, then adjourn.
That was the argument urged when the bill salary-
ing Senators and Representatives was passed.
The country was satisfied with it, because the
people supposed that paying us by the year would
induce us to transact the people's business; and
we ought to stay here and do it. I shall not vote
to fix early days of adjournment. I should bo
very glad to work every day, and get through the
business as early as possible, and go home; but
here we have been adjourning over one or two
days every week during this session of Congress.
We have done nothing. Now we propose to fix
a day to adjourn, and go away and abandon the
businessof our masters. In my humble opinion,
we have no right to do it; and 1 shall not consent
to do it.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Missouri
has stated correctly that'if no recess is taken,
according to the practice and courtesy which pre-
vail in tlie body, the Senate will do no business
during the time the respective conventions shall
be in session. 1 think that was the case four years
ago, during the Cincinnati convention, anil the
convention of the Republican party in Philadel-
phia. It was agreed, by common consent, that
no business of any importance whatever should
bo transacted during the absence of Senators at
those conventions. That will be the case again, j
The Senator from North Carolina says he is not j
aware of any Senatorsgoing to these conveiilions. j
I know three of my own knowledge on this side !
of the House who are delegates to tin. Charleston
convention, and ! know they me all going, for I
have so understood from them; mid 1 nppreln-iid
there are other Senators who desire to attend it.
I do not myself wish or expect to attend, but,
doubtless, there are many who would prefer to do
so. And so with the other convention—a num-
ber of the gentlemen on the other side will desire
to attend it. j
Under these circumstances, if the Senate does :
not do any business while those bodies are, nit- i
ting, I want to know what is the necessity of j
keeping Senators here simply to adjourn over
from one term of three days to another. Senators
Will be compelled to do that, or else they will lose
tlrtir pay. If a recess is taken, the pay goes on;
but it the Senate is in session, every man who
does not attend here at the time the Senate meets, j
loses his pay. Then what is the use of staying j
hero for the purpose of getting our iuy ami doing i
no business, because that will be the result of it.
We shall transact no business, on account of Sen-
ators going off to attend these conventions; and
so many will go that the universal courtesy it-
quires that wc should attend to no business, of ;l
any consequence,at least,during their absence; so i|
that it will amount to precisely the same thing, |l
in point of fact, whether we take a recess or not. ]
The Senate will transact no business while the !
conventions are sitting. !
Members of the House of Representatives are !
very anxious also, I understand, to go, and they
want to change the arrangement of their Hall. [
This will give them the opportunity of changing !
the internal arrangements of their Hall. It seems i
to me that, taking all things into consideration, it I
is better to take a recess; but I am, with the Sen- j
ator from Mississippi, against fixing early days I
for the final adjournment. I think it is our duty
to stay as long as there is any public business
which requires our attention; and we have no
right to shirk the public duty and go off and at-
tend to our private affairs.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not believe with the
Senator that there is a necessity for our refusing
to do business because three gentlemen on this
side intend to go to Charleston. They may pair
off with three gentlemen on the other side who
want to go home, and we can go on with business
as usual. Wc have often th^ee gentlemen absent
on this side. If this had been a proposition for
one week's adjournment, it would not have been
so bad; but to take up a month in this way is in-
tolerable. It is a mere matter of personal conven-
ience. It may be hard that three gentlemen, if
they go, should lose their pay; but their business
is here. If they think it more important to go
there instead of letting their alternates go, I pre-
sume their patriotism will allow them to sacrifice
eight dollars and a quarter a day.
Mr. GWIN. I am entirely opposed to taking
a recess for any of the conventions. If members
choose to go to the national conventions, it is no
reason why the Senate of the United States should
abandon its duty to the country to carry on legis-
lation. But, aside from that, the recess will stop
the progress of business. We had better fix a
day for an early adjournment, and work up to it
and get through with the business, or as much of
it as we intend to transact during this session.
1 hope we shall have no recess, and I am sorry
that the Senator from Rhode Island did not move
to strike out the whole resolution, and propose
to appoint the first Monday of June for the final
adjournment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is my motion, to
come up as soon as the amendment is disposed of.
Mr. GWIN. Very well; I shall vote for that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island.,
Mr. CLARK. Let it bo read.
The Secretary read it; to add at the end of the
resolution:
And that tlie Presiding Officers respectively adjourn the
two Houses of Congress tine die at twelve o'cloejc on the
 day of June next.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senate will vote
down the amendment, and then vote down the
original proposition. I believe the number of
votes for the recess will be very tew. Leaving
that out of view, I think it is indiscreet at this
time to fix a day for our final adjournment. The
Senate has usually proceeded with deference to
the House of Representatives upon that subject.
Our habit has been, the House being the larger
body and having more difficulty in getting through
with its legislation, to await the action of the
House, and when it fixes a day for" final adjourn-
ment, keep it on our table so that we can pass it
at any moment when the business of the session
will justify it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator to move to postpone the resolution
indefinitely. That, will test the sense of the Sen-
ate if his view is right. I will cheerfully vote
with him to postpone the original resolution, and
that will carry the amendment with it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us vote down the
amendment and vote down the resolution. That
puts an end to it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am in favor of that; but
I supposed we should get at it more quickly by
the way f suggested.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I like to test both propo-
sitions. I desire to know whether we propose to
adjourn finally before the House, has .given any ex-
pression to its view. Wc cannot well tell the time
it ought to be. We have always considered it
proper to await the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives on that subject. When we have de-
termined that Question, as I hope we shall, in the
negative, and (leaded not to fix the day of final
adjournment, I shall then vote against the original
resolution.
Mr. GREEN. I request the Senator from Rhode
Island to withdraw Ins proposition, and offer it
as an independent one, aft( r mine is voted upon.
I think it better to test them as separate propo-
sitions. I beg leave to remind the Senator from
Louisiana of this fact, that the House of Repre-
sentatives desire this proposition passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was going to observe, in
relation to that remark of the Senator from Geor-
gia," that if the House desires a recess of the two
Houses, for the purpose of putting its Hall in
order, and should pass a resolution to that cffect,
courtesy to the House of Representatives would
rfcquireus to yield to its wishes, and I would will-
ingly vote for it; but I wish that expression from
the House to come officially.
• Mr. GREEN. They requested it to be moved
here first. It is for all these purposes. It does
not conflict with any public interest; for we know
no public business will be neglected in conse-
quence of it, I can see no propriety whatever in
refusing this request made by the House of Rep-
resentatives. However, the Senate may do as it
pleases.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the Senator in what
form the House of Representatives has made the
request ? Is it ^pme individual members ?
Mr. GREEN. Individual members have spoken
to Senators on the subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. How do we know that
they represent the view of a majority of the
House? Gentlemen very often think they speak
the sentiments of the House when they do not.
I take it if the House has a general feeling of that
sort, it can readily put through a resolution. I
have heard a great many gentlemen express views
against it. fam not prepared to say what the
majority think.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the amendment embar-
rasses the resolution of the Senator from Mis-
souri, I withdraw it, and will submit it afterwards X
as an independent proposition if his resolution
passes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the following resolution of the Senator from
Missouri:
Resolved ly the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring tiunein.) That the two Houses of Congress do
adjoin n on the 20th of April next, until the 21st day of
May.
Mr. CLARK called for the yeas and nays; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 29; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Fitch, Foot, Green,
Hemphill, Iverson, Lane, Sebastian, Simmons, Trumbull,
and Yulee—IS.
NAYS — Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bingham, Bragg,
Bright, Cameum, Chandlet, (Jhc-siuit, Clark, Clay, Cling-
man, Onttonden, Doohttle, Dmfcee, Fossenden, Fitzpat-
nck, Gumes, Gwm, Ifamlin, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of
Tennessee, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Rice,
SauUbury, and Surnnci—29.
So the resolution was rejected.
REGULATIONS FOR THE GUANO TRADE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up,
this morning, the bill in relation to regulating
guano discoveries. I desire to make some amend-
ments to the bill, and I hope to offer some amend-
ments which will meet and obviate the objections
which gentlemen have already suggested.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 303) supplementary to
the act entitled u An act to authorize protection
to be. given to citizens of the United States who
may discover deposits of guano," approved Au-
gust 18, 1856.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the bill*
m section one, line thirteen, by adding, after the
word " assigns," the words " at the pleasure of
Congress." The object is to retain all power in
Congress, ultimately, over this matter, precisely
as it is retained m the original law. I do riot think
the bill would have changed it, but this meets ail
objection on that score.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose further to amend
the hill, in the same section, by adding, after the
word "thereto," in the twenty-fourth line, what
I will read. Before reading it, I will say that the
proviso in the section as it now stands gives the
Secretary of State authority to revise his opinion
in relation to conflicting rights; that is, if a cer-
tificate shall have been given to a wrong party, by
mistake, fiaud, or upon .insufficient evidence, he
may^at any time within a year, revise his opin-
ion, and give a certificate to the party clearly en-
titled thereto. The amendment which I now pro-
pose to introduce, gives to the Secretary of State
an unqualified power to abrogate entirely any cer-
tificate he may have given,.proyided in his opinion
