2370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator call for the reading of the report ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want the whole re-
port read. Perhaps some extracts from it would
be sufficient.
Mr. RICE. The Secretary submits extracts
from the report of the agents on the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the let-
ter of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs read,
not the whole document. "
The Secretary read, as follows:
Department of the Ixteriok,
Office Indian Affairs, -April 12, 1860.
Sir : In compliance with the request contained in a res-
olution of the Senate of the United States of the 20th of
March, 1860, m the following words, namely: uResolved,
That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs bo requested to
make an estimate of the amount that will be required to hold
a council with the Kioways, Camanches, and other Indians
who roam near the Arkansas river, west of the one hundiedth
degree west longitude; with the Arapahoesand Cheyennes,
located below the South Fork of the Platte river; with the
Sioux and other Indians of the plains, to be concentrated,
for the occasion, at Deer creek, a tributary of the Platte
river; and also for a council with tbe Red Lake Chippe-
was and the Indians of the Red river, in the State of Min-
nesota, for the extinguishment of their title to lands in that
State," I have the honor to submit the following estimate
of amounts that will be necessary in holding the councils
alluded to:
For the purchase and transportation of provisions and
presents, and to meet the necessary expenses in holding a
council with the Kiowas, Camanches, and other Indians
who roam near the Arkansas river, west of the one hun-
dredth degree west longitude, numbenng, as near as can
be estimated, eleven thousand souls, $100,000.
For the purchase and transportation of piovisions and
presents, and to cover the expenses ncccssaiy to hold a
eouncil with the Arapahoea and Cheyennes, located below
tbe South Fork of the Plane river, their aggregate number
being about three thousand five hundred souls, $J5,000.
For the purchase and transportation of provisions and
presents, and to meet the expenses requisite to hold a
eouncil with the Sioux and other tribes of Indians of the
plains, to be concentrated, for tbe purpose, at Deer creek,
a tributary of the Platte river, said tribes numbering in the
aggregate about eight thousand souls, $80,000.
For the purchase and transportation of provisions and
presents, and to meet expensed ncccpsary in holding a coun-
cil with the Red Lake and Red River Chippewas, in the
State of Minnesota, for the extinguishment of their title to
lands in thatState, saidlndiansniuriberingabouttwothou-
sand souls, $10,000 : Provided, That the goods purchased
in 1858 for the Yanctonnais band of Sioux, the reception
of which was declined by them, may be used in the nego-
tiations with the said Chippewas ofited lake and red river.
In submitting these estimates, 1 would respectfully call
attention to the inclosed copies of communications to this
olfice from Agents Bent and Twiss, within whose agencies
all the Indians referred to in the resolution (except the Chip-
pewas of Red lake and Red river) arc located. From the
tenor ot these communications, the gieat importance of
holding the councils referred to at an early day will be
plainly p«rccived.
In holding councils with the ICiowas, C.unanches, and
other nomadic bands that roam near the Arkansas river,
west of the one hundredth degree west longitude, it is con-
templated to arrange foi their concentration upon suitable
reservations, so th.it the lives and property of the emigrants
passing over tbe great thmoughfaie iroin Kansas to Santa
F6 will be preserved and protected, while similar councils
with the Arapahoes, Cheyennes, the Sioux, and other In-
dians of the plains will tend to vastly decrease, if not en-
tirely prevent, the perpetiation of those frequent massacres
and depredations upon property that are now so justly com-
plained of in the regions of Pike's Peak, and upon the'grcat
overland routes to our Pacitic States and Territories.
Referring to my annual report of 26th November last,
(extract herewith,) I would again earnestly direct atten-
tion to the great importance of securing protection to the
citizens of Minnesota and others using the ioute down the
valley of the Red River of the North, as the almost only
available channel of commerce m the transportation of
supplies to, and of peltries from, the trading po^ts of the
Northwest.
This protection and sccuritycan alone be afforded by the
concentration of the Chippewas of lied lake and of the Red
river, upon suitable reservations, which it is intended, by
councils with those tribes, to consummate.
In conclusion, I deem it proper to lemaik, that although
the foregoing estimates, taken in the aggregate, appear
large, it id (with tho exception ot the Chippewas of Red
lake and Red river) only at the rate of ten dollars per head;
and it is well asceifained, by past e.xpcuence, that councils
cannot be consummated with the wild roving tubes of the
far West lor a less sum per capita.
Very respectfuliv, your obedient servant,
A. B. GREENWOOD, Commissioner.
Hon. J. C. Breckinridge,
President of the Senate of the United States.
Extract from the Jlnnual Report of the Commissioner of
Indian Jlffairs, November 26, 1859.
" I would respectfully call your attention to the consid-
eration presented in the reports of the agents for the Mis-
sissippi Chippewas,and the superintendent for the northern
superintendence* m favor of a treaty with the Red Lake
Chippewas and the Indians of the Red River of the North,
for extinguishment of their title to the lands which they
own in that region, embracing, it is estimated, some th irteen
thousand square miles. These lands, though remote, are
represented to be tortile and valuable. They lie between
our northern settlements in Minnesota and the boundary
line between us and the British possessions. The exten-
sion of oursettlementsin thatdirertionhas been stimulated
and accelerated by the important and valuable commerce
which has sprung up with the considerable population on
the other side of the line, and which, for the benefit of our
citizens, is entitled to protection and safe transit through
the country of those Indians, but which cannot be given to
it while the lands remain theirs. The importance of this
route as a channel of commerce is seen m the fact that the
Hudson's Bay Company nowtianspoit over it the supplies
required for tneir numerous trading posts in the Northwest.
The Indians in question are not under treaty pledges and ob-
ligations, without which they cannot, of course, be brought
under the necessary control and subjected to our modified
reservation policy. The negotiation of a treaty with them
would, therefore, seem to be required, as well for their ben-
efit and welfare as for the protection and advancement of
the interests ot our own citizens."
Mr. HUNTER. I am unwilling to vote for
any appropriations for new Indian treaties, unless
it can be proved to me they are necessary. X think
our whole policy in this regard should be revised.
I believe we have subjected this Government to
great expense in making these treaties, which re-
dound to the benefitof no one except,perhaps, to
the agents and traders, who get the advantages of
the appropriation. I have no doubt that we have
made treaties in Oregon and "Washington with the
Indians which have entailed alargeexpense upon
the country, and which did not yield any benefit,
either to the Indians or the people of those Terri-
tories; but the effect has been to force population
forward too rapidly for the means of self-defense
and protection. I am not satisfied that it would
benefitanybodyto make these treaties. Wemade,
sofne years ago, a treaty with roving bands there,
undertaking to buy their land from them. Why,
they had no land. They were mere nomads. We
subjected the Government to an expense, really
without any adequate consideration.
I am inclined to think, instead of makingthese
formal treaties, we could adopt a system of pres-
ents and coercion which, mingled together, would
be more serviceable to the Indians, and cheaper
to the Government than the system wc have here-
tofore been pursuing. Certain it is, that I will
not vote to make any new treaty until I am sat-
isfied that the public necessity requires it, and
that it is to redound to the advantage of our peo-
ple; or tkat it will be necessary for the protection
of the Indians that we may do so I am not
satisfied in regard to this matter. It seems that
Congress refused to make the appropriation here-
tofore, and why should we be called upon now?
Mr. RICE. It is dated the 26th of November,
1859.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 understood the Secretary to
say 1850; but be it so, sir—1859. I see no reason
given for any pressing necessity to make these
appropriations, and 1 know that there is a very
pressing necessity to confine oar appropriations
within the estimates. I believe, if we will do that,
or confine them nearly within the estimates, that
we shall be able to provide, with existing laws,
sufficient revenue to carry on this Government;
but if we are to go on recklessly adding to the
appropriations, and swelling them beyond the
estimates, we shall increase the burdens of the
country until at me when, of all others,it is least
able to meet it. A year or two hence, we shall
have much more revenue; but at this time, I think
we ought to heed the admonition of the Secretary
of the Treasury; and unless there is some neces-
sity almost indispensable, we ought not to exceed
the estimates of the Department.
I hope, sir, that this appropriation will not be
voted, for it is not merely an expense of three
hundred and odd thousand dollars provided here
for holding these councils to which we are to sub-
ject the country, but the practical expenses of;
carrying out those treaties when they aic ratified. '
After the treaty is once made, then" wc are told,
whether wc think the treaty good or bad, wc must
ratify it to prevent Indian wars; that the Indians
would be discontented; that they have had assur-
ances, from the person who negotiated the treaty,
that expectations have been created, and unless
we carry out the treaties, whether we like them
or not, we shall subject the Government to all the
expenses of an Indian war; and thus the Senate
has oftentimes, at least more than once within my
experience, been dragged,m my opinion, into the
ratification of improper treaties, ana treaties which
otherwise they would not have sanctioned, in
order to cscnpc these evils. Weil, sir, an ounce
of prevention is better Lhan a pound of cure; and
if it is not necessary to have these treaties, let us
not appropriate money for the councils. I hope
the amendment will be voted down.. •
Mr. DAVIS. My friend from Virginia is so
usually correct that one feels a little relieved to
find him occasionally making a mistake. Tho
question whether there should be treaties or not
was argued in the Senate some time ago. We re-"
solved that there should not be treaties, but there
should be councils. It is exactly to prevent en-
tering into treaties with these roving bands, bind-
ing the United otates as they might be with some
civilized country, or calling upon the Senate, un-
der such stricture as he has so well described, to
ratify what may be considered a very bad engage-
ment, that we said we would make no treaties
with such Indians; that Government might hold
councils with them. When they* go into council
with them I suppose the policy is to make pres-
ents just as described by the Senator from (Geor-
gia. His objection, therefore, however so^nd to
the former practice of the Government, however
applicable m the cases which he was consider-
ing, seems to me inapplicable to that which is be-
fore us.
I adopt his maxim—it is one which has stood
the test of time—that an ounce of prevention is
better than a pound of cure. Let us then apply
it to the case. Here are roving bands of Indians
occupying, without any known metes or bounds,
• any well-defined limits, a country which is known
to "be rich in gold; at least so rich as to have at-
tracted a large number of rafigratory persons.
Those persons going to work in the mines of a
Territory where there are no well-defined limits
prescribed for Indian tribes, almost certainly get
into collision with them; but if we now have a
council, establish friendly relations with those
tribes, and define the metes and bounds of their
hunting-grounds, we may thus avoid a collision
between those Indians and the miners who are
going into that region. I think it therefore emi-
nently wise to hold councils with these roving
bands along the spurs of the Rocky Mountains,
and extending along up to the forty-ninth parallel,
where our Indians come under the influence of
the Hudson's Bay Company, and to put them un-
der such regulations as will enable us hereafter
to exercise over them a controlling influence.
Mr. HUNTER. If I am not mistaken there is
a provision in the amendment for extinguishing
Indian title to land. That, I presume, will have
to be done by treaty.
Mr. DAVIS. That is only one ease.
Mr. FITCH. That is in the limits of Min-
nesota, where the possessory right is now enjoyed
by the Indians, and where there is a constant col-
lision between them and the whites, and it is de-
sirable, of course, to extinguish their title.
Mr. HUNTER. Now, I wish to ask, whatis
there in the amendment to limit them to councils?
Councils are usually preliminary to treaties; and
will not the commissioners,under that, undertake
to make treaties? There is nothing in the amend-
ment to prevent them. There is nothing which
says that they shall be confined to making presents.
Mr. D AVIS. If my friend from Virginia wishes
to exclude thein from making treaties, I will sus-
tain him m that. The discussion in the Senate
sometime ago,which he will no doubt lemembcr,
was, whether wc would vote this resolution with
the word " treaty" or not. It was then aigued
and decided that councils with the Indians should
bo held; but we should not make treaties. I so
understand it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. As to the Indians on the
plains?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, as to the Indians on the
plains. However, with those Indians who are
resident, who have defined limits, and who are
within the jurisdiction of the State of Minnesota,
where they are actually occupying lands in which
they aie conceded to have a possessory right, itis
necessary that a treaty be made with them; but
with the Indians of the plains that I spoke of we
decided, I think, on that occasion, that we would
not make any treaties. I am perfectly willing to
strike out that item.
Mr. SEBASTI AN. I think a word of explana-
tion will make this amendment plain to the Sen-
ator from Virginia. In the first place, he is mis-
taken as to the fact that wc have ever made treaties
with what are called nomadic tribes, or tribes of
the plain, for the purpose of acquiring tenitory
from them. I do not icmcmber now, and I can-
not cal! to recollcction, any other treaties than
those that were made at Fort Laramie.
