1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
bill, aiipear to improve it;" but" looking' upon the
origin'of the act of 1856 as dangerous in all its
tendencies, this supplemental legislation cannot
remove the radical defect which I think exists in
the bill we then adopted, and that it is better now
to arrest our steps, and just here I propose that
we "shall not only stop, but turn back; that we
shall proceed to ward the repeal of the act of 1856,
instead of supplemental legislation under it. I
know that rights have grown up under it; I am
not willing that atly citizen of the United States,
encouraged by this legislation to invest his prop-
erty on ban-en rocks in distant seas, should be
deprived of any rights which he has thus acquired,
without deceiving due compensation. I am not
.willing,therefore, merely tooffer an amendment to
repeal the act of 1856; but I hope the Senate will
reject the supplemental act, and that the Commit-
tee on Commerce, or the Committee on Foreign
Relations, one or the other, will address them-
selves to the subject of such repeal of the act of
1856' as will restore us to the legitimate action of
this Government, and relieve us from the difficul-
ties into which we are so rapidly plunging.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to discuss the reasons which led to the
passage of the act of 1856. It is undoubtedly true
that it has involved us in difficulties, and I sup-
pose that all the eases stated by the Senator from
Mississippi have arisen. I am not well enough
informed on the subject to know precisely how
extensive any of those disagreements between our
Government and foreign Governments have been,
but I do desire to say to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, and it is all I propose to say, that this
bill itself, so far as it has any effect on that
question, is restraining in its terms upon the
power of the President, and it takes from him
duties and obligations that were imposed on him
by the original art. The very difficulties which
have arisen, would not have arisen if the law of
1856 had been in the terms in which this bill now
is. It was made the duty of the President by that
law to do certain things; he had no discretionary
power. If this bill shall bccome a law it vests the
full discretion in the President of the United States,
and it is made his duty, to annul the proceedings
where he believes they ought to be annulled, m
cases of controversy between this and a foreign
Government; and the very cases to which the
Senator has referred, I think I am safe in saying,
would never have existed if the original law had
contained this provision. It takes away the power
or the duty, call it which you please, of the Pres-
ident to use the land and naval forces in maintain-
ing the possession of these ishthds, until he shall
have reported the facts to Congress, and been au-
thorized to use them by Congress.
I have very little to say in relation to the sug-
gestion that we should repeal the law of 1856. I
do not believe it is wise to do so. I believe that
law may be made useful, both to commerce and
to agriculture; and I do not, by any means, re-
gard this bill as a bill in favor of commerce. Com-
merce has its interests in it; so has agriculture.
This bill provides for a method of analysis, for
inspection, which is expressly for the protection
of the agricultural interests. Opening u to com-
merce, 1 contend, is no detriment whatever to ag-
riculture. If you force other qualities and kinds
of guano into a foreign market, you drive these
out. If you force these wholly into our market
you exclude others. Now, different qualities of
guano are adapted to different soils, and you may
allow those which may be better adapted to for-
eign soils than to our own to go there and displace
that which is m that market, and which will find
a market here, unless our market is controlled by
our own islands.
Again: from the examination which I have
made, the number of keys, about which, as I can
learn, there is no sort of trouble, exceeds now
something over fifty, and they have a quantity of
guano daily increasing beyond any agiount that
will be taken away. Therefoie, the agricultural
interest can by no possibility bo injured in any
way, but it will be benefited. Commerce, at the
same time, will be benefited. This bill is calcu-
lated to remove, and does most plainly remove,
the most objectionable features in the original
law, to which the'Senator from Mississippi has
alluded.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest to the Senator
from Maine, in order to make this bill conform to
"the policy of 'the original law, the propriety of
amending it by inserting in the thirteenth line of
the first section, after the word " assigns," the
words " being such citizens;" so as to confine it
to assigns who are citizens of the United States.
It might be so -considered now, but. it .would be,
safer to say so expressly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think that amend-
ment neccssary; but it will do no harm, and I have
no objection to it.
Mr. MASON. I propose, in the thirteenth line
of the first section, after the word " assigns," to
insert " being such citizens."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I do not at all
agree with the suggestion of the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi, that it would be wise to re-
peal the law of 1856, or that it would be unwise
by this supplementary act to improve its policy.
We know very well that within late years public
attention has been very much attracted to the de-
posits of guano in the Pacific, as the greatest fer-
tilizer that has been up to this time used in agri-
culture—one of such value thatl know, in my own
country, very large expenditures are made in the
purchase of guano from the Peruvian islands, un-
der circumstances giving to the purchasers a belief
that they, in making the purchases, are the sub-
jects of the greatest extortion by the Peruvian
Government. The Peruvian Government, for a
long time, were the sole possessors of the pecu-
liar kind of guano that was held to be the best fer-
tilizer; and, holding a monopoly, had it in their
power to exact immense prices from those who
purchased it. But notwithstanding that exaction;
notwithstanding the sense of imposition which
the purchasers entertained, I know, in my own
country, the people paid, and continued to pay,
very large prices; and believed that they found
an advantage in using the article, even at those
prices.
At the time the law of 1856 was passed, it was
done at the instance of gentlemen chiefly I think
from the State of New York, who represented
that one of the New England whale ships, or a
New York whale ship, in the Pacific some years
before, had accidentally made a discovery of an
islsjnd a very short distance elevated above the
level of the sea, resorted to altogether by birds,
without vegetation, where the captain of the ship
landed for the purpose of burying one of his spa-
men. He did not much regard the character of
the deposit; it did not attract his attention any
further, until on his return to the United States
he found that deposits of like character from the
Chincha islands had attained such great results.
When it was proposed to Congress to take some
measures to give to the citizens the benefit of dis-
coveries of islands that really and bona fide be-
longed to no other Power, I confess that, for one,
under the safeguards of that law, I readily en-
tered into the policy, and was chiefly instrument-
al in getting the establishment of the law. Every-
body would agree that where there was a treasure
of such great value derelict and unknown the
first possessor would find a great many claimants,
who would spring up after its value was known;
and it would probably result that it would bring
the Government not into collision, but into en-
tanglements and difficulties with foreign nations
who set up a similar claim, or an after claim.
Then, was the United States to be deterred, lest
it should get into a quarrel with foreign nations,
from availing itself of a discovery of its own cit-
izens, in order to reduce the price of this valuable
fertilizer to the people of the United States? Was
the Government to be deterred, by fear of a quar-
rel, from dpmg that which it had the undoubted
right to do for the benefit of the country ? I should
say no. I have no fear that if quarrels should
arise the Government of the United States would
hesitate to abandon the supposed discovery if it
was not really such, or would not maintain the
quarrel if satisfied that our side was just. Other-
wise we should be in a condition of such weak-
ness as to be unable to take our place m the family
of nations, and to enter into the fierce competi-
tions and rivalries that belong to such a position.
I think it would be not exactly wise to repeal the
existing law, or to refuse to add to it any supple-
mental policy that may be necessary.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, deferring very
much to the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations on any diplomatic question, I
submit to him whether it is becoming our-Gov-
ernment to allow itself to be drawn into such
controversies upon the mere representation of an
adventurer, and at .the mere credence of the Exec-
utive or his Secretary of State. There is no •
proceeding here to .ascertain whether the island is
occupied when claimed to be discovered or not;
still less is there any proceeding to ascertain
whether it had been previously discovered and
used by other nations to draw from it the same
fertiliser.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will look at the
law of 1856, he will find the safeguards that are
provided there. They were thought sufficient at
the time. I think them sufficient now. The Sen-
ator can add to them. I have no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. What are they?
Mr. MASON. Here they. are. I will read
them if the Senator desires. The law provides '
that when any citizen or citizens of the United
States shall- take possession of any island, rock,
or key, which they claim not to be the property
of any foreign nation, and shall give notice of it
to the Department of State, and upon "satisfac-
tory evidence" being "furnished to the State De-
partment that such island, rock, or key was not,
at the time of the discovery thereof, or of the
taking possession and occupation thereof by the
claimants, in the possession or occupation of any
other Government or of the citizens of any other
Government," such island, rock, or key shall be
considered as appertaining to the United States.
The evidence must be satisfactory to the State
Department.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator is merely reading
what I knew before, and merely stating what!
was combatting. 1 say that this is not evidence
against anybody else; that a citizen of the United
States may come and satisfy the Secretary of
State or President upon his showing; he may
swear that he found nobody there; he may be re-
ceived as a credible witness; but another nation
may come and assert that this island was discov-
ered, occupied, and used by them long anterior,
and, as the cases have already proved, they may
establish their claim. So that if the Senator be-
lieved when the law was framed that it was suf-
ficiently guarded in this respect, the experience
under the law must have taught him that it was
not. The Senator shakes his head. Then I ask
him, how did the case at Cayo Vero arise ? It is
an ex parte proceeding entirely; the law makes no
provision for any other examination than that
which would be made on the testimony adduced
by the citizen claiming to have made the discov-
ery, and under that it is said we are to take pos-
session and use it as the property of the United
States. Now, under the law of nations, as I
understand it, if a citizen were to discover that
which had previously never been known, and
were to take actual possession of it, it would at-
tach to the Government of which he was a citizen.
Mr. MASON. The Senator does not mean to
say, I presume, that if a citizen of the United
Stated, on the ocean somewhere, discovers an'
island unoccupied and uninhabited, and takes pos-
session of it, he thereby makes it a part of the
United States. But if the Senator means to say
that if a citizen of the United States discovers an
island or a country that is unoccupied, and tho
United States afterwards sanctions the acquisition
as a part of the territory of the United States, then
by the law of nations the first discovery gives the
United States the right to it, I admit it. It is the
discovery that gives to a country the right to the
territory; but if the country does not choose to
take it, the mere discovery of the citizen does not
devolve that responsibility on the country.
Mr DAVIS. My friend, to whom I always
listen with very great pleasure, has twice inter-
rupted me to tell me that about which I was say-
ing nothing. If he had listened to me for another
sentence, he would have seen that his interruption
was altogether unnecessary. A citizen of the
United States making a discovery cannot make it
in his own right; he is not a sovereign. If the
discovery inures to anybody, it is to the Govern-
ment of which he is a citizen; and wo have too
long ad TOcated our claims to the valley of the Co-
lumbia river, on the discovery of Captain Gray,
for that to be anew proposition here. I say, there-
fore, if a real discovery were actually made, and
possession of it taken by one of our citizens, under
the law of nations, all the power which the United
