1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
States could require for defense of that, as a dis-
covery on the part of the United States, would
attach, and there is no necessity for legislation for
that.
But this legislation is directory*, it calls on the
discoverer to come and present his claim to the
Government, and the Government is to accept the
claim on his showing, and is then to defend him
and maintain it as a part of the United States.
We are thus thrown broadcast on the sea to estab-
lish little colonies wherever some deserted rock
may be claimed to have been discovered by some
adventurer; and it so happens in nearly every ease
where guano exists that the place is not suscepti-
ble of occupation; that it is not occupied either by
an American citizen or by anybody else; that men
cannot reside upon it. He may stay there for a
time, he may raise a flag and go through sym-
bolic occupation, but is a mere symbol. When
the vessel sails, everybody leaves with it. I think
if we were to find some fertilizer in a tropical re-
gion j and some of the citizens of the United States
were to take possession of it, and were to take his
negroes there to cultivate a tropical product, we
should scarcely find the same zeal for the protec-
tion of him and his property that we now find
for a desert rock and some skipper in the pursuit
of guano. I see no stronger reason for interpos-
ing the whole power of the Government to pro-
tect this traffic than any other. I see no stronger
reason why the Government should be involved
in controversies with foreign nations to secure the
importation of guano, than the importation of
spices, dye stuffs, ivory, or any thing; else. It is
but a matter of trade. It should be in the discre-
tion of the Government, and it should be by the
action of Congress, if we treat as an acquisition
some barren rock or desert sand upon which
guano deposits may be* made, and not put it in
the power of a mere adventurer, cooperating with
the President, to reduce this Government to the
condition of recognizing that as a part of the
United States.
My objection, therefore, is a radical one. It
goes to the whole theory of the act. It covers the
entire system. Our Government was not formed
for purposes of colonization. We have wisely
S^one on only to acquire coterminous territory.
We must have a Navy as numerous as our mer-
chant marine is now, if we expect to defend every
rock which may be found unoccupicd, and to
which some American citizen may lay claim as
a discovery because he found nobody upon it.
There are islands very near to our own coast
which any adventurer may find unoccupied, and
with very heavy deposits on them—not as old as
those of l?eru, but perhaps they may bo found as
good; and I suppose a foreign nation would have
just about as good a right to take possession of
them as we had to take possession of the Aves
islands.
As to the fear which my friend from Virginia
speaks of on the part of our Government, we are
too strong, I suppose, to feel any fear when we
are right. I trust we are too moral and magnani-
mous not to feel very great fear of doing wrong.
The question which I present is one of right and
wrong, not a question of timidity or courage. I
hope my Government will always be afraid to do
wrong. I hope it will never send forth roving
commissions to gather up everything which may
belong to somebody else, because the owner is not
found on it. It it'enough that we should inquire
whether it belongs to us, and if it does not, we
should stop all proceedings which connect the
Government of the United States with it. I op-
pose the whole policy, not on account of the man-
ner in which it is treated. I now move to strike
out the third section of this bill, so as to confine it
to the original purposes of the law in that respect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
iuck.) The section proposed to be stricken out
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of the
second section of the "act to which this is a hupplcment, as
restricts the sale and delivery of said guano to citizens of
the United States, and for uae therein, shall be, and is
hereby, repealed; and henceforth it shall be lawful tor any
citizen or citizens of the Uuited States, or his or their as-
signs, who have delivered their bond, or bonds, and have
received a notification of the acceptance thereof by the
President of the United Slates, to sell and deliver the s>did
guano to other than citizens of the United States, and for
other than use therein.
Mr, HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will not
strike out that section. It is certainly one of the
main provisions of the bill. I do not want to dis-
cuss it. I will only say that the section as it
stands received tl\e united and unanimous appro-
bation of the Committee on Commerce, and I hope
it will be retained.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time. It was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
Tne yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Crown, Cameron,
Chandler, CJark, Clay, Crittenden, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Fitch, Foot, Gwin, Hamlin, liarlan, Hemphill,
Hunter, Ivcrson, Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Nicholson,
Pearce, Saulsbury, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull,
and Wade—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Fitzpatrick, Rice, Siidell, and
Yulee—5.
So the bill was passed.
PACIFIC llAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN. I give notice that I shall on this
day week call up bill No 1 on the general orders
—the bill authorizing the President of the United
States to contract for the transportation of the
mails, troops, seamen, m.unitions of war, Army
and Navy supplies, and all other Government ser-
vice by railroad, from the Mississippi river to San
Francisco, in the State of California. This is the
railroad bill that was under discussion in this body
during the last Congress, as reported by a select
committee, and amended by the Senate. I have
deferred calling up the bill heretofore, because I
have been in hopes that we should have a bill sent
to us from the other House; but I have lost all
hope of that, and I want the friends of the measure
to aid me on this day week in bringing it up in the
Senate and disposing of it.
MARK ELISIIA.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the consent of the Senate
to take up Senate bill No. 42, for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Mark Elisha.
It is a bill which has been prepared at the Land
Office to authorize certain parties in Louisiana to
enter land under an old grant, and I am sure there
will be no objection to it.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to confirm the claim of Mark
Elisha for four hundred arpents, entered under
No. 365, (register's number, 126,) in the seventh
class of the report dated December 30,1815, of the
register and receiver at Opelousas, Louisiana, the
claim not being yet surveyed, but reported as em-
bracing parts of lots Nos. 3 and 4, and south half
ofsectkm twenty, sections twenty-one and twenty-
eight, lot No. G, of section twenty-seven, and lot
No. 1, of section twenty-nine, in township two
north, of range four east, southwestern land dis-
trict of Louisiana. The surveyor general of Lou-
isiana is to survey the claim, and represent it on
the official plats. The act is only to be considered
as a relinquishment on the part of the United States,
and not to interfere with any adverse valid rights
to the same land.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the thud
time, and passed.
ARMY DESERTIONS AND ENLISTMENTS.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 46) to prevent desertion, and to
facilitate enlistment of soldiers in the Army of the
United States. It provides that every person, not
subject to the rules and articles of war, who shall
procure or entice a soldier in the service of the
United States tn desert; or who shall harbor, con-
ceal, or give employment to a deserter, or carry
him away, or aid in carrying him away, know-
ing him to be such; or who shall purchase from
any soldier his arms,equipments, uniform, cloth-
ing, or any part thereof; and any captain or com-
manding officer of any ship or vessel, carrying
away any such soldier, as one of his crew or
otherwise, knowing him to have deserted, or who
shall refuse to deliver him up to the orders of his
confmanding officer, shall, upon legal conviction,
be fined, at the discretion of any court having
cognizance of the offense, m any sum not exceed-
ing §500, and be imprisoned not exceeding two
years. It also provides that any commissioned
officer of the Army may administer the prescribed
oath of enlistment to recruits, if there be no Civil
magistrate authorized to administer it, within
reach. " . *'
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment. ' '
Mr. DOOLITTLE; I suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, that in the
ninth line, after the word " thereto," the words
"knowing him to be such" should be inserted.
As the bill now stands, it would subject a person
to punishment who purchased from a soldier his
arms, equipments, uniform, or clothing, witheitt
knowing that he was a soldier.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection tothatamend-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 move to insert the Words
" knowing him to be such," after the word
"thereof,"in the ninth line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
PUBLIC LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate now
take up joint resolution No. 2, removing the re-
strictions upon a certain grant of five sections of
land to the State of Iowa.
Mr. YULEE. The Senate is evidently very-
thin, and is not likely to be much fuller to-day. X
think it better to make a motion-to adjourn. I am
unwilling to take up business in the present con-
dition of the Senate, when there is certainly no
quorum present, and there is not likely to be a
quorum here to-dav.
Mr. FOOT. What is the matter?
Mr. YULEE. Members are in the other House.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt there is a
quorum ofthe Senators within or near the Cham-
ber, who can becalled in readily. This is a small
matter. It merely confers on the State of Iowa
a perfect title to five sections of land originally
granted to aid in the construction of public build-
ings. The joint resolution was reported by the
Committee on Public Lands unanimously. It
passed the Senate at the last session of Congress,
and failed in the House of Representatives merely
for want of time.
Mr. YULEE. My motion was in order. I
moved that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senator from Flor-
ida will withdraw his motion. This is a local
bill 
Mr. YULEE. I shall not press my motion until
this bill is disposed of.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a little local bill which
passed the Senate at the last session of Congress.
Some years ago live sections of land were donated
to the State of Iowa for the purpose of erecting
upon them the capitol of the State. The capitol
was not finally erected upon that land, but the
title became perfect in the State.' The State has
since seen fit to divert the grant to the purpose of
establishing an agricultural college, and now asks
the assent of Congress to that diversion. That
is the whole proposition. I suppose there can be
no objection to it.
The motion of Mr. Harlan was agreed to; and
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 2) removing the
restrictions upon a certain, grant of five sections
of land to the State of Iowa,was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. CLAY. Before the joint resolution is
passed, I desire to ask the Senator from fowa
whether the State did notget a grant of other lands,
in lieu of these sections, for the State capitol.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. CLAY. That is satisfactory.
The joint resolution was read the third time, and
passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 305) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861, in which the
concurrence ofthe Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
JOHN LORD'S REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 ask the Senate to take
up a little private bill, which has already twice
