1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
taken prisoner, and kept a prisoner for fifteen
months afterwards. That is proved positively;
not by thinking one way or another. Then an
explanation is'given of the'reason why he did not
apply earlier; an explanation which was perfectly
satisfactory to the committee; and after he applied
a billpassed the House of Representatives while
he was living. He has since aied. The Senator
understands as well as anybody else why it should
not have been brought up until a later date, when
it was looked up by the heirs of his devisee, he
having devised all the property he had.
The member of the committee who reported this
bill, the Senator from Tennessee, has stated that
the case was much stronger, in point of fact, than
would seem from the statement in the repjort. The
Committee on Revolutionary Claims was perfectly
satisfied as to its justice. I ask whether there is
not to be some rcspcct paid to the reports of com-
mittees? As I stated, the claim was originally
reported upon in the Twentieth Congress, and
then a bill passed the House of Representatives
on the report of a committee as to the facts; for of
course they examined the facts. Sincc then it has
been before two separate Committees on Claims
of the Senate, who were satisfied as to the facts;
and it now has gone before the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, and they too are perfectly
satisfied as to the facts. The objection now made
to its passage by the Senator from Maryland is,
that after all hedoes not think the proof is suf-
ficient.
Well, Mr. President, I do not know how it is
with other gentlemen; but with regard to myself
on these matters of fact, unless it appears on the
face of the paper that it could not have been so—
unless it appears that a mistake was made—I am
disposed to trust Somewhat to the successive re-
ports of three or four committees, stating that
they arc perfectly satisfied of the existence of the
facts. As to its being an old claim, that is not
strange. Many claims of the same age have come
before Congress and passed, to the perfect satis-
faction of Congress that thtfy existed, and ought
to be paid; and, in my judgment, it is excessively
hard that this Government, great as it is and rich
as it is, should undertake to set up the statute of
limitations against the reports of its own officers
as to facts. If the claim has existed so long, nnd
neither this man nor his heirs have received this
small amount; if they have not had the benefit of
what he ought to have received, as the commit-
tees have reported, so much the more reason why
it should be paid now, with an apology for not
having paid it before.
We ought to exercise our power of passing
upon these questions with some sort of discretion,
and somewhat in the same manner that an honest
man, if he happened to live long enough, would
recognize his old debts If he was satisfied that
they were due, he would not say, "To be sure,
I owed you this money; but it is so long since
the debt was first due, and its payment lihs been
prevented for so long a period, by accident or
various circumstances, that I will not pay you."
This is not an application for a pension;^but a
claim for wages; for services performed by this
man; and surely no objection should be made to
it on a ground of that description.
Now, as to the interest, I will say to the Sen-
ator from Alabama that I do not concur with him
in his views. I hold, as the Court of Claims
have held, that when a claim has been presented,
proved,established—not an application for a gift
or a gratuity, but a claim for an absolute debt—
when the debt has been shown to exist and the
Government has neglected to pay it; neglected to
make the proper provision for it; there is every
reason in tne world why interest should be paid.
Why should not a claim against the Government
stand precisely on the same ground, after it has
been proved, that a claim against an individual
stands ? I see no justice or propriety in making
a distinction. I know that it is the fashion of the
honorable Senator from "Virginia, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, to object to the allow-
ance of interest in nearly all cases, though I think
he sometimes lets it pass. I do not quarrel with him
for taking this course; because, standing as he
does at the head of the Committee onFinance,it is
his business to object to everything. He is a gen-
eral objector to all sorts of claims against the Gov-
ernment; his position makes him so to a certain
extent; but after all, I apprehend that he has the
same views in regard to the equity,of things that
other men have, and I ask liim to tell me'whether
there is any good reason on the face of the earth
why, on a claim for services, when it has once
been presented to this Government, and proved to
the satisfaction of the Government itself, before
its regular officers for examining such claims, in-
terest sjiould not be allowed if payment is with-
held. Nobody can give a good reason for it. Sir,
there is more reason in the case of the Govern-
ment than in that of individuals, for the Govern-
ment is better able to pay than individuals. If a
claim is neglected, not presented to them, no mat-
ter for what reason, so that the Government has
no notice of it, interest unquestionably should not
be paid on it for a time anterior to its presenta-
tion, and that is the position which has always
been assumed; but when a claim has been pre-
sented and proved, especially for service of this
description rendered in the Revolution, it strikes
me that there is no justice or reason in objecting
to the allowance of interest. This little bill will
form no precedent. It is not the report, but the
bill wc pass, which makes the precedent. This
bill gives a gross sum of money for services per-
formed. There is nothing about it in the shape
of a precedent as to paying interest, and if there
was, it would not be out of the way.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I think any
claim eighty years old is justly liable to suspicion
where the proof is only parol; and still more is it
liable to suspicion when that parol proof has been
obtained fifty years after the claim arose. It is
"not any particular suspicion that I have of this
proof; but it is the general suspicion which at-
taches to all claims of this sort which affects my
mind; because we all know, sir, how numerous
are the frauds committed upon the Government
by means of parol proof. Every day we are pros-
ecuting in the courts, in some State or other, men
for obtaining pensions on false and forged testi-
mony. I heard an instance the other day that
struck me as so remarkable, that perhaps I may
as well mention it. There were about eight thou-
sand men, I have been told, engaged on our side
in the battle of Plattsburg, when the forces of Sir
George Pievost were repulsed The survivors of
these men, and the widows of those deceased,
were entitled to bounty land under a recent act of
Congress. Less than a thousand survivors, and
they on proof, received their bounty lands; but
it seems that there were some persons who had
hastily gone to the support of the army at the de-
fense of Plattsburg who were not on the muster-
rolls, of whose service the necessary record evi-
dence could not be obtained. It was thought a
great hardship, because these men had hurried in
the midst of danger to the very thick of the fight,
that they should not have the benefit of that law
which was intended for those who fought. So a
special act was passed, and parol proof was au-
thorized to be received in such case?. I have
been told, and I think truthfully, that the claims
for the survivors of those eight thousand, who
were not on the muster-roll, have been proved
fully up to the number of thousands of the whole
number that were engaged in the battle, and they
have received their bounty lands. I am afraid to
specify the exact number; but I think I have heard
that twenty thousand monhave proved their claims
on account of that single action, when there were
but eight thousand men engaged in the conflict;
and when, of course, if the number of those who
were there without beingon the muster-rolls bore
anything like the ordinary natural proportion to
those who were on the rolls, there must have been
a hundred and twenty thousand men in the battle!
That is the way in which frauds against-this Gov-
ernment arc perpetrated. And it is because I think
wo ought to guard against these things in all cases
that I object to this bill. This parol proof was
taken some fifty years after the occasion when
the party's claim arose. The witnesses, if they
were young men at the time of the service, say
twenty-five years of age, were seventy-five years
old at the time they gave this testimony; and on
the testimony of old, worn-out men, physically
decayed, and probably mentally decayed too, we
undertake to establish a claim which is at this day
eighty years old, and was then about fifty. It is
wrong, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, as I under-
stand it, the precedent which the passage of this
bill will establish will be found in the bill and the
report which accompanies it. That report goes
on your archives; apd wh6n yptt fcfttneto took
into the history of the bill,' as undoubtedly per-
sons -who want to claim ir>terest'heteafterwill dfyj
they-will bring dp this Report for the" .purpose of"
showing that interest was "allowed, B,ut*it*'is^noi
necessary to go to that sort of reasoning for'the
purpose of showing the .nature the preeedefrf
that will be established, for wc are'tola that the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims—I "Wastibt
aware of it before—have" established* the "prin-
ciple that they will allow interest on 'every claifri
from the time the first report was "made in its fa-
vor. That does not come within the analogy of
the decision of the Court of Claims allowing in-
terest where the United States officers h^ve liqui-
dated a claim and acknowledged it, but failed to
pay. Committees have no right to bind the Uni-
ted States Government. This is a mere report of
a committee. It does not bind the Government
until Congress has acted on it. How often do we
fi nd improvident reports from committees ? Some-
times the member who presents the petition is al-
lowed to make what report he pleases, the other
members waiting until itis presented to the House,
for the purpose of making a decision upon it. If
we shall proceed to allow interest in all cases of
claims, provided we pass this bill, from the time
the first report was made in their favor,'who can
say how many millions it will take out of the
Treasury ? It is a new principle, so far as I have
had any experience, in our legislation here. t
was not aware that any committee practiced upon
it. If it be established, will not those who have
heretofore recovered claims without interest—and
that has been the practice for the greater portion
of the history of this Government—be entitled,
upon the establishment of this precedent, to come
here and to demand interest, and say their claims
were not paid in full by the amount they have
already received? How many cases will it re-
open, and" what will iL lead to hereafter? Why,
sir, any man who chooses to present a claim, if
he can get any one to make a report in his favor,
whether it is acted upon by Congress or not,
whether it is .sanctioned by either House, estab-
lishes his right to interest from that day; and
then, no matter how long it may run, if it runs
on for lmif a century, we are to pay interest, for
the Senator from Maine says that it is not right
to protect the United States by the statute of lim-
itations. I believe it to be mope eminently proper
in the case of the Government than of individuals.
Wc have no such statute, and do not act upon it
in regard to claims against the Government. I
wish we had. I believe it would be just.
An individual, when he is afraid of interest, can
go to the creditor and demand the account, and he
can tender payment. The United StatesGovern-
mcnt can do no such thing; it must wait until the
claim is made,and then, when the claim is made,
it seems we arc to pay interest from the time it
can obtain the first report in its favor, or, as tho
Senator from Maine says, from the time the party
first makes his proof. On such principles there is
no telling what we should have to pay in order to
satisfy claims that have been heretofore allowed,
on which no interest hols been paid. It is for
that reason thatl object. I know this is small in
amount; and if it had not been for the claim to
interest, and the still more important enunciation
of the principle on which this interest was pro-
posed to be given, I should have made no oppo-
sition ; but I believe it is necessary that the Semite
should repudiate this principle iff regard to the
allowance of interest from the time any report is
made; aridfuither, I think it would be a most val-
uable law if wc could have some fair law of lim-
itation passed to protect the Government of the
United States. I know we have not got it, and I
fear we shall not be able to pass such a law: but
I believe it would be just, and I believe it would
contribute to the public morals of the country, be-
cause-it would forcc citizens to make their claims
when they occurred, and it would protect the
Government against the frauds to which it is lia-
ble when claims oflongstandingarepresented. I
trust that this bill will not pass, unless that portion
of the allowance which is for interest be taken out.
Mr. IVERSON. in actingupon private claims
of this sort, I have generally adopted for myself
the rule of abiding by the report of the committee,
because I cannot investigate every case. Now, in
relation to this very case, it is "impossible for me
