1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2373
" Cuba," the words " and from New Orleans by-
Key West to Havana and back;" and after the
word'' exceed," to insert'' in the aggregate;" and
after the word " annum," to insert" for both ser-
vices;" so as to make the amendment read:
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized and
required to advertise tor proposals, and contract with the
lowest responsible bidder or bidders, ior the transportation
of the United States mail, in steamships, from Charleston,
South Carolina, by Savannah, Georgia, and Key West, Flor-
ida, to Havana, in Cuba, and back, and from New Orleans by
Key West to Havana and back, twice a month, or oftener,
from the 1st day of July, I860, to the 30th of June, 1864, in-
clusive, at a siim not to exceed, irt the aggregate, $50,000
per annum for both services.
1 presented some time since a memorial, very
numerously and respectably signed by merchants
of New Orleans, praying for some aid in the sup-
port of a mail steamer from that port to Havana,
stopping at Key West. I am entirely satisfied
that this sum of $50,000 will secure a perfectly
good mail service from Charleston and from New
Orleans to Havana. For the service between
Charleston and Havana, I am entirely satisfied
that the sum of $50,000 is altogether dispropor-
tionate to the magnitude of the service rendered.
Then, again, 1 am utterly opposed to'the system
of legislating in favor of individuals, or, as the Sen-
ator from South Carolina in this case says, in
favor of a particular steamer. He saya nothing
of the owner.
For the sum of §50,000, I think an adequate
eervice can be secured from these two ports.
Without at all attempting to derogate from the
commercial importance of the town of Charleston,
I will say that there is ten times as much com-
merce between the ports of New Orleans and
Havana as there is between Charleston and Ha-
vana. I will state further—what is a more im-
portant matter in relation to mail facilities—that
an enormous quantity of exchange is negotiated
between Havana and New York and New Or-
leans. Their bills arc sent for negotiation to New
Orlear.3, and they sometimes make the double
eervicj. They draw on New Orleans, and the
banker in NewOrleans again draws on New York,
finding that a more favorable mode of conducting
his operations.
Thenagain,I would say, there is a mail steamer
from New York to Havana. New York is within
thirty-six hours of Charleston; New York isfour
days remote from New Orleans so that we suffer
infinitely more from the want of proper mail fa-
cilities than they would in Charleston with this
facility withdrawn—withdrawn is not the word;
it does not now exist, and it is proposed to restore
it. It is not to contiune the present service, but
to restore that which has been withdrawn. That
is the language of the bill.
Mr. HAMMOND. Allow me to state to the
Senator, that the steamer Isabel has performed
service since the 1st of October, without pay. It
has been found impossible to get along with-
out it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am not mistaken; the lan-
fuage of the bill is, " also route 6042, by steamer
sabel, shall be restored."
Mr. HAMMOND. The pay shall be restored.
Mr. SLIDELL. I consider it precisely the
same thing, if the service be conducted gratu-
itously, as if it were not conducted at all. The
steamer Havana is now making regular trips be-
tween New Orleans and Havana. She is quite as
large as the Isabel. X do not deny that the Isabel
is a very good steamer, for 1 made a passage in
her once myself; but she was built fifteen or six-
teen years since, and is not now available cer-
tainly for any war purpose, if she could be so
con vented.
1 am perfectly willing to vote for this proposi-
tion, if the amendment I propose be adopted. I
would not vote for it if it were intended to legis-
late for the advantage of any particular individual
or company, and to the exclusion of the claims
of the city of New Orleans, which I have the
honor here to represent, and which I think in
every way superior to those of Charleston for the
reasons that I have stated—our greater amount of
commerce, and our being further removed from
that point which now gives a weekly mail con-
veyance to Havana.
Mr. HAMLIN. I concur with the Senator
from South Carolina, in expressing the hope that
the Senate will not concur in the amendment
offered by the Finance Committee; but my ob-
jection to a concurrence in that report arises from
a different cause than the one which has been
stated by that Senator. If that ocean service is
to be maintained, I most cordially concur with
the Senator from Louisiana, that if the whole
service can be performed by the way of Charles-
ton and New Orleans and Savannah; if all these
points can be connected with Havana, for the
same amount, I should be glad to see it accom-
plished. But I do not want to see the amend-
ment reported by the committee adopted, for
another reason, which will control my vote.
There is a great deal more that they strike out
than that provision, which relates specifically to
the service that has been alluded to.
We had, sir, certain postal services in the Uni-
ted States. How were these postal services reg-
ulated ? They were regulated under existing law.
The Postmaster General had, by law, authority
to establish certain mail service. That service
was established; and I affirm that it was estab-
lished and predicated upon what were the just
wants of our people. But last year we found the
Department embarrassed; and what did the Post-
master General do ? He availed himself of that
provision of law which authorized him to reduce
the service—service that was actually necessary,
or else it never ought to have been established. I
will not say that he did not act properly, for I
think he did wisely reduce that service. I under-
take to say that in every State of the Union there
were extensive reductions. Reductions for what?
Because there were no funds ill the Treasury witli
which to pay for the service. Daily mails were
reduced to tri-weekly mails; tri-weeekly mails
were reduced to semi-weekly mails; semi-weekly
mails were reduced to weekly mails. So it stood.
But, sir, in every Siate, so great, so imperative
were the wants of the people, that when the ser-
vice had been parti all y discon tinued, the conti-actor
continued to perform the full service, while he
received only compensation for the reduced ser-
vice. In many cases, the people along the routes
guarantied to pay the contractor for the additional
service, if the Government would not pay him.
Now, this bill provides for meeting that very class
of cases, by paying for that service which was
actually performed; and it was actually performed
because it was necessary, and the reduction was
only made because you had no means m the Treas-
ury with which to pay for the service. I repeat,
that all this service was necessary, because it was
provided for by the act of the Department, which
had full discretionary power, and we are to pre-
sume it did not furnish unnecessary mail facili-
ties. None of this service would have been re-
duced but for the embarrassed condition of the
Department. Now, sir, the bill provides simply
that where the service was actually performed by
the party, he shall have his compensation pre-
cisely as though it had not been reduced, and as
it would nothave been reduced if the Government
had not been embarrassed. Sir, you had better
meet this question here, and meet it now. It will
come back upon you time after time until you do
meet it.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. GREEN. I want to know by what law
the Postmaster General reduced the service, and
whether that law authorized him to fix the rate
of pay for the reduced service?
Mr. HAMLIN. I have not the law before me,
but my recollection is very distinct that the law
was full; that the Postmaster General had the
right to reduce the service. It was either in the
statute or in the bonds the party gave.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is in the contract.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is m the contract, my col-
league tells me.
Mr. YULEE. I am asked if I can answer the
question of the Senator from Missouri. I can
answer it most conveniently by a letter from the
Department stating the ground.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been printed.
Mr. YULEE. Very well.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understand such is the law.
I think it is hardly worth while to read that long
letter unless it is desired.
Mr. GREEN. I should like to hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine yield the floor for the reading of
the letter ?
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have but a veryfewwords
more to say, and then if the reading is wanted it
can be read.
I say we had better meet this question now, and
settle it, in my judgment. Suppose you adopt the
amendment of the committee and strike it out: do
you think the persons who actually perfo«med
the service, which was a necessary service, will
not come here again? They will. They will
come here; and you will pay them, as you ought
to pay them.
Mr. PEARCE. We ought not to doit.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Maryland
says we ought not to pay them. Well, sir, I join
issue with him upon that. 1 say you ought; be-
cause, assuming that the Post Office Department
did its duty, it only established what was a suf-
ficient mail service; it was compelled to reduce it
only from necessity; the public demands were
only fairly met by the original servicejand where
the contractors continued to perform the full ser-
vice originally contracted for, it was simply to
meet a public demand which not only justifies, but
requires of us that we should pay for it. I hope,
therefore, that for that reason, as well as for the
reasons stated by the Senator from South Car-
olina, this amendment of the committee will not
be agreed to. I repeat again, I do not believe
there is a State, if there is indeed a county, in all
the Union, where that rule applied, where there
are not men interested in it, and where the pub-
lic interest was not benefited by the continued
service.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. YULEE. Before the Senator proceeds, I
would suggest, for the convenience of Senators,
that the question be divided, so that the vote be
taken upon striking out. That will disembarrass
it from a discussion on the second matter.
Mr. GREEN and others. That is not in or-
der.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
strike out and insert is an entire proposition,and
is not divisible
Mr. GREEN. 1 am aware, Mr. President, of
the necessity that the Postmaster General was un-
der to reduce the service, and I have no censure
whatever to utter against him so far as that is con-
cerned; but, in making that reduction, I have no
doubt he inflicted hardships on many parts of the
country, and in many places he made mistakes.
It is almost impossible for human nature to avoid
mistakes occasionally on matters of fact. I know
that it operated very seriously to the detriment
and injury of the State which I represent. But
the power to reduce service was intended to de-
pend upon, and its proper construction implies, a
reduction of the necessity. The law of 1835 con-
templates a change in business relations, corre-
spondence, so far that there should not be the
same necessity for the service through the whole
space of four years that there may have been at the
time the contracts were made. Hence the law
gives him the power to reduce the service, and that
power is generally incorporated in all contracts
made with contractors for carrying the mail. My
recollection, however, is, and! shall ask directly
for thereadmg of the authority, that that law does
not fix the rate at which the contractor shall be
paid when the service is reduced. It seems to have
been a hiatus in the law makers. If it is reduced
pro rata, it operates very unjustly in many cases;
for while a daily mail may carry all the matter
and accommodate the public, as passengers and
so on, if you reduce it to a weekly mail, the amount
will accumulate and will require greater force to
carry it than to carry a dailymail.and hence there
would be the same expense for a weekly mail as a
daily mail, withoutany possibility ofremuneration
from carrying passengers. I could point out numer-
ous instances, but I deem it unnecessary. There is
a certain amount of correspondence that must be
carried. If it is carried every day, the quantum
carried each day is smaller. If it is carried once
a week the quantum must proportionately increase.
Hence the difficulty of the contractors. Now, I
do not believe the Postmaster General hasa right
to fix the compensation. I will pause here and
request the Secretary to read the communication
which the honorable Senator from Florida sent up
on that subject.
Mr. PEARCE. I have no objection to the
reading of the letter. 1 want to say a few words
on this bill. The letter may be read first
