1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
this House in favor of a Democrat. I vote for
John A. Gilmer.
The result of the ballot was announced, as
above.
Mr. W1NSLOW. I move that the House pro-
ceed to another ballot for Speaker; and on that I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation the
motion was agreed to.
TUIKTY-1'OUK.TII BALLOT FOE SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to ballot the thirty-fourth
time for Speaker, with the following result; Whole
number of votes cast, 221; necessary to' a choice,
111; of which—
Mr. Sherman received   106
Mr. Hamilton  7o
Mr. Giimer 2.">
Mr. John G. Davis  8
Mr. VVniflow  2
Mr. William N. 11. Smith  ]
Mr. Reynolds  1
Mr. Adrain  1
Mr. Boeock  1
Mr. Jamfs A Stcwait  1
So there was no choice.
The following1 is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adam®, Aldrich,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Butfinton, Burlmgame, Burnham, Burroughs. Butter-
field, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Oonkllng,
Corivjn, Oovode, Curtis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Feny, Foster,
Fiank, French, Gooch, Graham, Giow, Gurley, Hale, Hail,
Haskin, Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutching,
Juiikhi, Francis W. KeHogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kilgore, Killinger, DeWitt 0. Leach, Lee, Longneckci,
Loomls, Lovejoy, Marston, MeKcan, MeKnight, Mcl'lier-
son, Moorhead, Morrill, Morse, Olin, Palmer, Pennington,
Periy, Pettit, i'orter, Potter, Rice, Christopher Robinson,
Royce, Schwartz, Seranton, Sedgwick, Somes, Spauldmg,
Spinner, Htanton, William Stowait, Stiiitton, Tappan,
Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble, Vanduvei,
Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. WaMibuni, Elhim B. Was>lil)mne, Israel Wa*hburn,
Wells, Wilson. Windom, Wood, and Woodruff.
For Mr. Hamilton—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, A-h-
moie, Avery, lJarksrlaie, Barrett, Boeock, Bonham, Boyce,
Biam-h. Bureh. Buinelt, John B. Claik, Clemen*-, (.'icpton,
Cobb, James Cram, Burton Ciaige, Ciawford, Curry, Da-
vidson, John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Edmund^on, English,
Floience, Fouke, Garnett, Gaitiell, John T. Harris, Haw-
kins, lIindinan,Holman, Houston. Hughes, Jackson, Kcitt,
Lamar, Landruiri, Lairabee, Leake, Logan, Love, Cliailos
D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, McClernand, McQueen, Mc-
Rae, Miles, Million, Sydenham Moore, Nibldck, Noell,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, Janice C.
Robinson, Rullin, llust, Scott, Sinims, Singleton, William
Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stoat, Taylor,
Thomas, Underwood, Valiandigham, Whiteloy, Window,
and Wright.
For Mr. Giimer-—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. An-
derson, Boteler, Bouligny, Brabson, Brigg.-*, Brn-tow, H.
Winter Davis, EtUeridge, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris,
Hatton, Hill, James M. Leach, Mallory, Maynaid, Laban
T. Moore, Edwaid Joy Morns, Nelson, Nixon, Quarles,
William N. II. Smith, Stokes, Vance, and Wob>tei.
For Mr- John G JJavvs—Messrs. Allen, Barr, Cooper,
Cox, Howard^Montgomery, Isaac N. Morris, and Rigga.
For Mr. William N. H.Smith—Mr. Gilmer.
For Mr. RevnoUh—Mr. Adiain.
For Mr. Adrain—Mr. Horace F. Ciark.
For Mr. Bocock—Mi. Reuben Davis.
For Mr. IVmslow—Mes*i«. Dimmiek and Mac-lay.
For Mr- James Jl. Stewart—Mr Hamilton.
During the vote,
Mr. BOTELER, when his name was called, said:
It is perfectly evident that there is no concentration
of the Democratic votes on their nominee; and it
is unreasonable to expect members of the southern
Opposition party to vote against members of their
own party, while there is no concentration of Dem-
ocratic vote on their candidates. 1 have been ready
from the first to vote for any man of the Democratic
party, if that party would only concentrate their
votes upon him. I think I have proved by my
actions that I am ready thus to do. But I can no
longer retain my self-respect by giving votes for a
Democrat, to the exclusion of members of my own
party, when the Democrats themselves will not
vote for their candidate. I vote tor Mr. Gilmer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, when his name
was called, said: I have been in favor of a union
between Democrats and South Americans ever
since I came here. J voted for Mr. Bocock as the
nominee of my party. Under rather peculiar cir-
cumstances I withdrew the name of Mr. Bocock.
I concur m the opinion expressed by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Boteler,] that until the
Democratic party present a candidate for whom
they are willing as a unit to vote, it is very difficult
to induce outside elements to sustain us. Believing,
from what has occuvied, and from the few_cau-
cuses held ho re, that Mr. Bocock is the choice of
the Democratic party, I will now announce, as I
did the other day, that I will go back to him, and
will stand by him until some caucus action of the
party gives me a different direction. I vote, there-
fore, for Mr. Bocock.
Mr. HOUSTON, when his name was called,
said: I do not approve, Mr. Clerk, of the prac-
tice of interrupting the roll-call for the purpose
of making any remarks in regard to the organi-
zation of the House. It seems to me, however,
that the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Boteler] need at least a suggestion or two
by way of reply. I thank that gentleman for his
course and for his votes. I have no complaint to
make against him—none at all. But, if he had
looked at the vote cast for Mr. Hamilton, he
would have found that every gentleman in this
House who professes to be within the organiza-
tion of the Democratic party voted for him, ex-
cepting two—Messrs. Clark, of New York, and
Adrain, of New Jersey. With their exception,
every Democratic vote was given to Mr. Hamil-
ton. If I am not mistaken, once os* twice since
Mr. Hamilton's name was presented, his elec-
tion has been within reach, or, at least, wanted
but one vote of being secured, if our South Amer-
ican friends had come over to him.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man from Alabama allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, I understand the
gentleman to say that every Democratic vote that
the party could expect to be able to control has
been already thrown for Mr. Hamilton.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman misunder-
stood me.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I understood the
gentleman farther to say that they could not ex-
pect to control the vote of Mr. Clark, of New
York, and Mr. Adrain, of New Jersey.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not say that.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 want to ask the
gentleman from Alabama tins simple question:
whether, if in any past vote or m any future vote
the united votes of the South Americans and of
all that the Democrats can control were thrown
for Mr. Hamilton, and if he still lacks one or
two votes of an election, can he get those votes?
and if so, where they are to come from?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will answer the gentleman
fairly and in good temper. On one of the ballots
Mr. Hamilton received eighty-nine votes, Mr.
Gilmer fourteen, and three of the South Ameri-
can votes were scattering 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maiyland. Only two.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, say two. If all these
votes had been combined for Mr. Hamilton, it
would have brought about, tins state of things: it
required one huntlrcd and six votes on that ballot
to elect. Hamilton received eighty-nine,and Mr.
Gilmer fourteen. This makes one hundred and
three—tin* same number that Mr. Sherman re-
ceived. The two scattering South American votes
would have made one hundred and five. Then
the pledges of the gentlemnn from New York and
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Messrs. Clark
and Adrain] made in their speeches on the floor
of this House, would have been brought to bear on
them; for then the election would have been within
reach of their votes. I understand from the gentle-
man from New York and the gentleman from New
Jersey, and also from the other gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Brig gs,] that whenever the Dem-
ociatic party could bring the matter to a point
where their votes would have a telling elfeet, they
would then decide the question. If, therefore, the
South Americans had voted for Mr. Hamilton,
these gentlemen would have been brought to apoint
where they would have had to make a decision.
Mr, HARRIS, of Maryland. Let me interrupt
the gentleman just at this point. The gentleman
makes two errors m his count, to which I wish to
call attention. In the first place, Mr. Briggs whs
counted in the vote thrown for Mr. Gilmer; and in
the next place, Mr. Nixon, of New Jersey, and j
Mr. Morris, of Pennsylvania, voted for Mr. Gil-
mer on that ballot: and could not, perhaps, have
been brought to vote for Mr. Hamilton.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the worst aspect in
which the gentleman can present the case is this:
that if the South Americans had voted for Mr.
Hamilton, they would have brought us within two
votes of electing. I want no issue of this kind
with my friend from Maryland. I am advised
too, that on the ballot to which I refer, these gen-
tlemen [Messrs. Nixon and Morris] did not vote
for Mr. Gilmer.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland I refer to the
ballot on Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON. If my statement be correct,
the vote of our American friends would have
brought Mr. Hamilton within one vote of elec-
tion, if it did not elect him without any other as-
sistance. And then the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Adrain] has said, and the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Clark] has said 
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Oh, no! [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state what I under-
stood the gentleman to say; and if I am not right,
he may controvert my statement. I understood
him to say that he was not to be called a disor-
gamzer until wc would bring him to where his
vote would producc a result.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Precisely.
Mr. HOUSTON. And if, after that, he did not
vote to elect a Speaker, then he would be a dis-
orgamzer; and I take it for granted that my dis-
tinguished friend from New York is not going to
brand himself before the House and the country
as a disorganize!*, on his own definition of the
term.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. And I repeat that,
whenever the national elements of the House shall
have combined againstthe nominee of the Repub-
lican organization, I, for one, and those gentle-
men with whom I act, will he ready to meet the
responsibilitiesofourposition. [Laughter.] Until
then, sir, the occasion does notarise; and I beg
my friend to say to the House that all that I have
said to him, I have said in the presence of the
House and of the country.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not referred to any-
thing as occurring between the gentleman and
myself, excepting- what has occurred before this
House.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I intend no re-
flection on my friend from Alabama, than whom
no man in the House or the country has more of
my personal respcct. Now, although gentlemen
may say that they are ready to go m this and that
direction, provided such a man and such another
will do this and that, I declare that I will not be
the subject of such experiments. Whenever the
responsibility is thrown on me, I must meet it;
and I am strong enough to meet it and bear it.
Mr. ADRAIN sought the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to go on with my
remarks.
Mr. WINSLOW made a remark not audible
to the reporter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman from Alabama
has yielded to me for a moment. I should not
have risen to speak at all, if it had not been that
he referred to me as one of the disorganizes of
this House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no; the gentleman mis-
understands it.
Mr. ADRAIN. Well, it has frequently been
charged upon the anti-Lecompton Democrats.
Mr. HOUSTON. But the gentleman will see
that he does me injustice.
Mr. ADRAIN. That was not my intention.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the gentleman should
change his phraseology. I have not charged any
gentleman with being a disorganizes
Mr. ADRAIN. If I have done the gentleman
injustice I have not intended to do so, because I
consider the gentleman from Alabama one of the
fairest and most high-minded gentlemen in this
House. But it has~been frequently asserted that
the anti-Lecompton Democrats are disorganizes,
I have stated heretofore that the votes of the anti-
Lerompton Democrats cannot decidc the question
of the Speakership until there is such a formidable
force, by the combination of the South Americans
and the Democrats, as to make two or three votes
decide this whole controversy. Now,Mr. Clerk,
that position of affairs has not arisen in this House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. My point is,that during the taking of
a ballot no discussion is m order.
The CLERK. The point of order, *i the opin-
ion of the C'erk, is well taken, if objected to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I think the time for
