1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
to understand.the merits of the original claim.
There is contradictory evidence perhaps, and X
am in doubt about it. I give to the committee
the icnefit of that doubt. That is the principle
upon which I act in reference to private claims
always. Unless I am satisfied that the claim is
unjust, I take the report of the committee and pin
my ifaith to the sleeve of the committee. I think
that is the proper course for ua to pursue, and
not to vote blindfold against every claim that may
be presented because it is going to take money
outof the Treasury of the United States. I mean
to vote on that principle for this claim, although
I do not distinctly understand the merits of the
original case. But I am in favor of the allowance
of interest, and for an altogether different reason
from that which has been stated.
My friend from Alabama does not want to vote
for this interest, because he considers that it will
be a precedent. I want to vote for it to make it
a precedent. Here is a case in which, if we pass
this bill, the Senate must of course act on the
presumption that the original claim was just and
ought to have been paid long ago. If you admit
that the claim was a just one and ought to have
been paid when it was first presented, fifteen or
twenty years ago—and you actually so declare
when you vote for paying it now—I ask on what
principle you ought not to allow interest?
I want to establish it as a precedent for this
reason: if the principle is settled that upon every
claim which is a just one the parties shall be en-
titled to interest from the time it is presented and
made out to the Government, then Congress will
bo more active in paying private claims, and we
shall not have those claims going over from ses-
sion to session, and from Congress to Congress,
and the parties kept out of their money for years.
Congress is a slow jade whenever she is ridden
by private claimants; and I want to stick a rowel
into her sides, and make her go a little more rap-
idly. She is a slow jade whenever there is a small
rider put on; but when there is a large, heavy
weight, she treads a little faster. If a claim is for
$200,000, or a million or so, she can go rapidly
enough to get rid of her burden; she very soon
delivers it, and pays the claim; but whenever a
small claim, (i light rider, gets upon her, it is very
difficult to make her go. Look at the cases from
the Court of Claims. Five years ago you estab-
lished a Court of Claims, and you tola parties to
go before lliem and get judgments. Tliey have
gone there at a considerable expense and waste of
time, and they have got their judgments, and how
many has Congress paid ? How many judgments
of the Court of Claims has Congress ever paid?
Not a half dozen. We have on our docket now
between seventy and a hundred private claims,
which have received the favorable judgments of the
Court of Claims, and yet you refuse, session after
session and Congress after Congress, to give them
your attention, and to pay them. You give tlu-m
no interest. The judgments of the Court of
Claims do not bear interest. One branch of Con-
gress passes a bill; it goes to tin: other House, and
they never consider it. Thus the claimant is kept
between the two Houses of Congress like a shut-
tlecock, going from one to the other, and never
getting his rights. Even when your court has
given its judgment, and admitted that the claim
is just and proper, you refuse to pay the money
session after session, and finally you say you will
not allow interest.
I think that is unjust, and I am for allowing
them interest in eveiy case wheie 1 believe the
claim is a just one, from the time it is proved to
the satisfaction of the accounting oiHeers and pre-
sented to Congress. If I am satisfied that a claim
is a just one, and that Congress, from sheer ne-
glect, from the indifference which Congress has so
often manifested to private claims, has not at-
tended to it, I am for allowing interest; I am for
sticking the rowel into Congress, and setting a
precedent which will make them more active here-
after in allowing puvate claims.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from Georgia is
sincerc in his declaration of what he believes is
the duty of Congress, I am bound to say that he
has been very delinquent in his practice as chair-
man of the Committee on Claims; because, acting
on his principle, every bill that he has reported
to the Senate should have been accompanied with
a clause allowmgiatcrestfrom the time the claim
was first presented.
Mr. IVERSON. I am in favor of it.
Mr. CLAY. But you do not urge it.
Mr. IVERSON. The committee do not, I am
not in fault. I am not responsible for all the ac-
tion of the committee.
Mr. CLAY. According to the Senator's doc-
trine, Congress must go back and reopen every
claim. If wc legislate in future upon the'princi-
ples of the Senator from Georgia, I say we must
reopen every private claim that has ever been pre-
ferred against this Government; and the effect of
it would be to quadruple the amount of principal
which has been paid, in liquidating the interest
which has accrued.
Butgentlemen say that this Government should
not stand on any better footing than an individ-
ual—a private citizen. Admit it, and apply their
own rule to the case which is now before us, and
what is it? Wc have a claim preferred against
the Government upon ex parte testimony; and
what court in this country would respect a claim
thus preferred against a private individual ? What
opportunity had the Government to cross-inter-
rogate the witnesses to this claim ? What oppor-
tunity had the Government to inquire into tiieir
character for voracity ? None whatever. There-
fore, I say that it is not putting; the Government
upon a better footing than private individuals.
But, sir, the Senator is a lawyer, and so is the
Senator from Maine; and I submit to both of them
that interest is never due upon any claim except
in virtue of agreement between parties or in virtue
of legislation. Interest is always either conven-
tional or it is the result of statute legislation.
That is my opinion, at least; and until we adopt
some law binding the Government to pay interest,
it should not be preferred.
Now, sir, the Senator from Georgia thinks we
ought to pay interest on this claim; not that he
has investigated it, not that he knows the charac-
ter of the witnesses to it, not that he must not ad-
mit that it has the car-marks of suspicion and of
doubt upon it, but because three committees of
Congress have reported in favor of it. As was
remarked by, I think, the Senator from Virginia,
we all know that that amounts to the. testimony
of three members of Congress in its favor, and
nothing more; because it is utterly impossible for
perhaps any one of the important committees of
the Senate to investigate carefully every claim
that is referred to it: it is obliged to refer it to a sub-
committeeman, who reports to the committee his
opinion, and the committee generally defers tu his
opinion. Therefore, I say, it is tantamount to the
testimony of three members of Congress in its fa-
vor, and nothing more. Now here is a claim that
is eighty years of age; that was not preferred
against the Government until it was nearly fifty
years old. It is sustained, from all I can learn, by
the positive testimony of but one witness, and he
a man who was then probably seventy-live years
of age. Now, 1 should look with a good deal of
discredit upon any man who would undertake to
swear positively to an event that had occurred
fifty years ago. I say that, if yon pass this bill as
it is, you establish a precedent which constrains
us, if we intend to deal out equal and exact jus-
tice to all claimants against the Government, to
pay interest hereafter, whenever a claim is pre-
ferred, from the time it is preferred, or at least
from the time the proof is made out. That is the
rule which the Senator from Georgia thinks ought
to be adopted; and I concur with him that if you
adopt it here you ought to do the same justice to
all, and reopen all the old cases. I shall ask for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. This bill appears to involve
a very important question. I do not think it ought
to be passed upon with the number of Senators
now present, and I move that the Senate adjourn.
[*'Executive session."] I will move that the feenate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 29, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
* The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Barr, Mr.
Conkung, Mr. GARNETT,Mr. Verree, and Mr.
Harris of Maryland, the select committee,under
the resolution of the House of the 26th instant,
relative to the contract with Mclntyre, Bixby &
Co., for labor in the public store, No. 12 Broad
street', New York.
MESSAGE FROM TIfB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey s its Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the Senate had concurred in the amendment
of the House to the third amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 241) authorizing pub-
lishers to print on their papers the date when
subscriptions expire, and in relation to the postage
on drop letters.
Also, that the Senate had passed abill (No. 299)
to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy of
the United States; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had ordered, on the 28th
instant, at fifteen minutes after twelve o'clock, the
printing of the letter of the Secretary of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, communicating copies of
memorials and resolutions of the Legislative As-
sembly of that Territory in relation to the pay-
ment of certain militiamen and volunteers, called
into service against the Indians—the usual num-
ber.
CONDITION OF BANKS.
Mr. BRANCH. I have a resolution which
goes, as a matter of course, to the Committee on
Printing; and I should like to have an opportu-
nity of offering it now.
There being no objection,
Mr. BRANCH offered thefoHowing resolution;
which was read, considered, and referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Treas-
ury Department, two thousand extra copies of the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the condition of the banks
of the United States.
REGULAR ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire leave of the House
to make a report from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. GROW. I object to everything but the
regular order of business.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a state-
ment, which will lead to no discussion at all. I
was directed by the Committee of Claims to re-
port a couple of bills; but being absent when that
committee wos called for reports, I lost the op-
portunity of reporting them. I ask leave to report
them now.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee ?
Mr. GROW. I want my objection to stand
as a standing objection to everything not in order..
I hope I will not have to repeat it.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order is
the bill (H. R. No. 305) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 3861; the question being on agreeing to the
following amendment:
For the manufacture or purchase of apparatus and equip-
ment for field signals, $2,000; and that there be added to the
staff of the Army one signal officer, with theiank, pay, and
allowance of a major of cavalry, who shall have charge,
under the direction of the Secretary of War, of al! signal
duty, and all books, papers, and apparatus connected there-
with.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF TIIE REVOLUTION.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call committees
for reports, beginning with the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
13) to provide for the settlement of the claims of
the officers and soldiers of the revolutionary army,
and of the widows and children of those who died
in the service; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON. In view of the large number
