2374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
The Secretary read the following letter:
Post Office Department^ Match 22, 1860.
Sir : 1 have ilie honor to make ttie following reply to
the queries* propounded m your letter of the 3d iu&tant:
Fu>tqueiy. 44 By what authority or provision of law you
change the terms of existing mail contracts, so as to curtail
the service without advertising."
There is no enactment ol Congre&s authorizing the Post-
master General, m t>o many words, to curtail the mail ser-
vice; bat the first section ot the act of 3d March, 1825, re-
quires him to "piovide for the carriage of the mails on all
post roads that are or may be established by law, and as
often as he, having regard to the productiveness thereof, and
oilier circumstances, shall think piopei." Another act, of
the same date, provides " that all post routes which here-
after, within the term of three successive years, fail to yield
one fourth of the expense incident in its establishment,
shall be discontinued by the l'ostnu^tei General, unless, hi
cases where it may be necessary as. a connection or con-
tinuance of a route or routes."
In pur*uance of the authority conferred on the Postmaster
General by these enactments, a clause has hee.n inserted in
every mail contract enteied into since that penod (except
the great oveiland mail contract to the Paeilie, now in op-
eration, and the route from San Vrnncisco to Olympia)
reserving to the Postmaster General the power to cuitail
or discontinue the service whenever the public intei e&ts
may requite it. A copy, in'blank, oi the loim of contiact
adopted and in u c is inclosed. The reservation of the
right to curtail or d^continuc the service is therefore a mat-
ter of agreement between the parties. Such a contract,
under the authority of the doctrine held by the Supieme
Court in 5 Poters, 115, the Department has clearly a light
to enter into. It is not against sound morals or public
policy.'and being prohibited by no statute, no ground is per-
ceived on which its validity can be questioned. The light
to discontinue routes no longer needed, and to regulate the
service according to it* ever-varying vxigoncw^ has e.*Lsied
and been exercised since the foundation of this Department.
It is of the very essenee of its efficiency, and could not be
taken away without impressing comparative torpor and
decrepitude upon an organization, the veiy law ot whose
being is activity and piogress. The thoroughlare-, a* well
as the mode', of travel and transportation, are evei chang-
ing, and to these changes the postal service, to fulfill its
* mission, must promptly and thoioughly adapt itself. The
Department, in availing itself of the right ot curtailment or
discontinuance re^rved, inflicts no wiong on the contract-
ors. Ther a Mime the service with a lull knowledge ot the
chances to winch it is. exposed. Their proposals are ba^ed
on the mheretuuncertainrv which belongs to the enterprise
in which they engage. They demand and receive a higher
rate ot compensation than it the contiact ie>ted on an un-
changeable basis, and they are, thfretor \ lully paid by the
Department for this very stipulation which they would now
complain ot as onerous.
The act of 1W6 is the only act that requires an advertise-
ment before changing the terms of nn existing contract. It
will be apparent, irom an examination ol the twenty-third
section ot the act of 1836, the only section on this subject,
that the prohibitions contained in it lefer exclusively to
increase ot service, without the least allusion to its de-
crease. In order to arrive at the conect interpretation of
this section ot the act, it may be propei to recur to tlx: evil
designed to bo remedied by it. The reports ot the commit-
tees of the Senate and iloiue of Kepresentatives, instituted
by those bodies to inve.-ttgate sundry charges ot malpiae-
tice and favoritism alleged a^am.Nt tin4 administration of
William T. Barry, then Po^tinaNtei General, occasioned
the passage of tin; act ot Ib3ti; and an examination of them
will show that all the complaints weic leveled against the
allow anee of large additional mi ins to ceitain contractors
without requiring them to pertormany additional service,
or, at all events, any additional service coiresponding with
the amount of the extra sums allowed, and especially the
payment of very cons-iderabie amounts tor tncre«u>t:d expe-
dition, without regard to any rule but of the arbitrary dis-
cretion of the Po tma-*ter General. It will also be seen
that throughout the whole ot those voluminous ropoi ts there
ii «o alUiMon to, or mention of, any ca^e. of diminution of
service. The tamihar rule which requires that a remedial
statute shall be interpreted with special inference to the
evila sought to be corrected, admonishes lis of the dangers
of pressing its provisions beyond that point. The, hHtory
of the act of ib3t> makes it perlectly manifest that alleged
abuses in improvements m the aervioe led to the adoption
of the clause under consideration. There was no necessity
for legislation to repress abuses in discontinuing or curtail-
ing the service, for it was not charged then, nor has it been
charged mice, that any such existed. For aught that ap-
pears-, flie Government and the contiactors had been alike
satisfied with the mode in which this power had been ex-
ercised. Assuming, then, as undeniable, that m tiaming
this clause the legislative mind was occupied solely with
the question as to the principle, on which the service could
be salely and properly irnpioved, we iiud the lollowing
words, which are relied on a a having a more comprehens-
ive signification : " And whenever it shall be necessary to
change the terms of any existing contiact, in any other
manner than that designated in this act," &e.,<k the Post-
master General s>hail give notice," &c. These words must
be construed in the light of the context of the ciau-e of
which they are #part. The preceding part of that clause
isde.votedcxcluMvely to a detailed designation of the term*
and principles on winch the service and compensation may
be improved. Then immediately follow the words quoted,
whicn mean simply that if cases shall arise in winch it
shall be lound unjust or impracticable to improve the ser-
vice on the inflexible pro rata principle, so emphatically
announced and mststecf on, then, and m such ca c«, requir-
ing l< the contract to be altered m anothev manner than that
designated," u the Postmaster General, instead of exercis-
ing his discretion as belore, shall advertise,'5 &c.
buch was the exposition given to this statute by its
draughtsman, then at the head of this Department, and such
is the interpretation which it has uniformly received from
that period until thepreserittime. That enlightened officer,
while adhering to tins construction, caused this reservation
stipulation to be embodied in all the contracts executed
during his administration; and, in 1837 and 1838,under its
authority, and without advertisement, oidered very extens-
ive curtailments and suspensions of service. The legality
of this course of administration has never been questioned.
Second query : " By whaMiuthonty you fix the amount
of compensation for curtailed service, witnout the cousent
of the contractors."
The curtailments of compensation have been almost in-
variably made on the pro rata principle, from analogyto the
rule established by the statute lot improved service. This
principle of administration has been as weli known to con-
tractor" as the existence of the power to curtail itself. Be-
in* thus known to them, they mu<t beheld to have con-
tracted in view and in adoption of it, as part and -parcel of
fheir engagement with the Department. In strictness, then,
the Department has their consent to the rule of curtailment
as completely as it has it to the abstractpower to curtail.
Third query: " Why the rule applied to one contractor
is not applied to all."
To tlie general rule of curtailment, as staled, exceptions
have fiom time to time been allowed. The cases, howcvei,
have been extremely rare, and the circumstances surround-
ing them have been peculiar and urgent ;-and the relaxa-
tion of the rule has always been in iavorof the contractor.
During the past year, curtailments occuried on three of the
great fiontier routes leading to the Pacific; and the amount
of compensation awarded for the service retained was some-
what above what the jrro rata principle would have war-
ranted. in consequence of the border character of these
routes, and the fact that they were wholly dependent for
their maintenance on the earnings of the postal service, and
m consequence of the leprcsentation made that, by the cur-
tailment, a large amount ot stock would be thrown upon the
hands of the contractors, in a remote region of country,
where such stock could not be told or made available for
other purposes, it was deemed but just that'thc rule, gen-
erally inflexible, should bo made to yield to the pressure of
these unusual circumstances, in order that meritorious pub-
lic seivants might be saved from bankruptcy and ruin. This
action was within the range of the discretion exercised by
my predecessors, and is believed to have been fully justified
by the considerations referred to.
The fourth inquiry is regarded as answered by the r^ply
already given to the three preceding interrogatories.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. HOLT, Post7tiastcr General.
Hon. W. I-Ielmick, House of Representatives.
Mr. GREEN. I have a very few more words.
I was satisfied at the beginning that the Post-
master General had the power to curtail the ser-
vice. I was not satisfied that he had the power
to fix an arbitrary rule for compensation without
agreement with the opposite party; audi am now
convinced of it. There is no law that vests him
with that power. He says that the practice of
the Department has been to make a pro rata re-
duction in the pay. Well, what is n pm rata
reduction ? Has it reference merely to the number
of trips, or is it not with reference to the amount
of service that is to be performed? Suppose ser-
vice is performed once a week, and the contractor
carries all the mail, then it be reduced to once a
month: he has four times the matter to carry.
Instead of having one mail to carry, he has four
mails to take. It will take all his stock, and more.
It will involve more expense and more labor.
Consequently, a true pro rata is to take into con-
sideration all the circumstances. The Postmaster
General, I think, exercised a very wise discretion
in applying that same rule, as he says, to some
of the mails across the plains. I think that was
very proper, and it shows that you must take into
consideration all these equitable circumstances. I
shall not go into that subject to-day, but simply
say that I desire to see as much of the discon-
tinued service restored as is possible. Wherever
a route has been discontinued bccause there is no
public necessity for it, of course it cannot be re-
stored; and if 1 believed any of these were dis-
continued on that account, I would say that one
ought not to be restored; but where they were
discontinued merely because we failed to appro-
priate the money, and now we can appropriate
the money, and the public wants require these
mail facilities, I think they ought to be restored.
In voting to restore them we do not reflect on
the action of the Postmaster General. I know
his action bore on Missouri sternly and severely,
and I know I was upbraided; complaints were
uttered against me, that I, being a friend of the
Postmaster General and the President and the
Administration, could not keep up little one-horse
mails. I could not do it. The responsibility falls
on Congress. It belongs to Congress. In the
scaling down process through which the Post-
master General had to pass, whether he made
mistakes or not, we are bound to overlook them,
because he could not know all the local wants and
necessities aswellas those living on the premises.
Now, I should like very much to hear the prin-
ciple governing this subject of reduction from the
honorable Senator from Maryland.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, it was my pur-
pose to enter somewhat largely into this subject
of postal expenditures, but 1 did not expect this
bill to be taken up to-day, and I have not all the pa-
pers with me which I desired to use; I shall there-
fore not trouble the Senate long to-day. But before
speaking directly to the amendments, I wish to
make a few remarks upon the general expense of
our postal system.
The amendment of the Senate committee pro-
poses to strike out the larger part of the first sec-
tion of the bill; and there are three principal pro-
visions of that section contained in the part pro-
posed to be stricken out. The first is that which
peremptorily requires the Postmaster General
"to restore the inland service on all the routes
under contract on the 4th of March, 1859, unless
the same have expired by their own limitation,
or where improved service over said routes has
been furnished by railroads or otherwise." The
next is the provision for the steamer Isabel, for
which we have substituted one of a different char-
acter. The third is a provision which requires
that, " where the service has been actually per-
formed hy the contractor," notwithstanding the
discontinuance of the service by the Postmaster
General, and in spite of the orders of the Depart-
ment, there they shall be paid as if no orders
had been given and no such discontinuance di-
rected. For all these there are special reasons;
but there are some general reasons which it seems
to me it is proper should be stated to the Senate.
The Senate do not seem of late years to have con-
sidered the growth of the expenditure of our postal
operations. I took the trouble the other aay to
make a tabular statement, which shows that our
expenditures have grown almost fourfold in the
last ten years, while our receipts have only about
doubled, or rather less than doubled. I find that
in 1849 the receipts of the Post Office were
$4,701,778; the expenditures not quite four and a
naif million dollars; and there was a nett revenue
of $212,300. There was a nett revenue in 1850 of
$260,000; a nett revenue in 1851 of $112,000. In
1851, we passed th'e law reducing and modifying
the rates of postage, and then began this down-
ward course which we have been pursuing with
accelerated velocity from that time till near the
close of the last fiscal year. In the year ending
June 30, 1852, the receipts of the Post Office were
$5,016,000; theift expenditures exceeded seven
million dollars, and the excess.of expenditures
over receipts was §2,098,000. These sums may
not be exactly accurate, though I made them up
by additions and collations from the tables sent in
with the Postmaster General's report of February
last.
In the year 1853 this excess of expenditure was
$2,582,000. It was about the same m 1854. In
1855 another act went into operation—the act of
March 3,1855. Then our receipts were $0,384,000,
and our expenditures $9,867,000; and the excess
of expenditures over receipts was $3,572,000.
This increased to $3,814,000 in the next year,
1856. In 3857, the receipts being only $7,101,000,
the expenditures were §11,628,000, and the excess
of expenditures over leceipts was $4,557,000.
In the year 1858 the excess of expenditure was
$5,389,000; and in 1859 the excess of expendi-
tures over receipts was $7,778,000.
Now, sir, let no one say that this is the result of
maladministration by the Department. It is not
so. I do not mean to express entire approbation of
the management of the Post Office Department by
all the Postmasters General who have been at its
head. As for the present Postmaster General, he
is a man of very^high ability—I think of most un-
questioned integrity, and of decided administrative
talent. I have the utmost confidence in him, and
I should be very sorry to see this body or the
other House of Congress do anything which
would imply a distrust either of his general abil-
ity or his disposition to perform the public duties
intrusted to his care with thorough efficiency.
Some of his predecessors have yielded too much
to the solicitation of the communities desiring
increased service, or to the urgency of members
of Congress. But Mr. rfolt, with every disposi-
tion to grant all the service properly demanded,
has firmness enough to endeavor to protect the
Government from ruinous extravagance.
Well now, sir, how is it this year? It was
startling to me when I added up the appropria-
tions made in the very first bill we passed at this
