410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
speaking has gone by. I think that we ought to
vote.
Mr. ADRAIN. I am not engaging in any gen-
eral discussion. The gentleman from Alabama
yielded me the floor He yielded the floor to the
fentlemanfrom New York, [Mr. Clark,] and the
louse heard him without objection. It is right
that I should explain my position here.
The CLERK. Will the gentleman allow the
Clerk to state that this discussion can only go on
by unanimous consent?
Mr. HAWKINS. I object. [Cries of4'Call
the rolH,,J
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to occupy only a
few minutes.
Mr. HAWKINS. ^ I object.
• The CLERK. Objection being made, the re-
marks of the gentleman from Alabama are not in
order.
Mr. ADRAIN. Well, sir, it is very strange
that members object to one member and do not
object to another.
Mr. HAWKINS. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have but a few remarks
to make.
Mr. ADRAIN. I believe there is now no ob-
jection to my proceeding. I merely wish to say
that whenever the position of affairs is brought so
close as that the votes of the honorable gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Clark] and myself
will determine it, I am ready to take the responsi-
bility. I have not yet said how I will vote; and
it is not necessary for me to say how I will vote.
I do not intimate now what my vote will be; but
I do say that whenever the time comes, I am
ready to take the responsibility, and vote accord-
ing to the convictions of my own judgment.
Mr. HOUSTON resumed the floor.
Mr, MORRIS, of Illinois. I object.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
is certainly aware that this discussion is out of
order, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is aware that the Clerk has never attempted,
at any time during this discussion before, to make
any such decision. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Boteler] was permitted to proceed, during
the call of the roll, without objection.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
will recollect that the point of order was not raised
upon the gentleman from Virginia. If it had been,
the Clerk would have ruled that discussion was
not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then if the Clerk attempts
to rule upon points of order, it would be very well
to have it understood; and I will submit with great
cheerfulness that he shall so rule hereafter.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I do not under-
stand that any member has called the gentleman
from Alabama to order.
The CLERK. Several gentlemen on the right
have objected to discussion.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman from Alabama will be allowed to pro-
ceed .
Mr, HOUSTON. I have but a few remarks to
submit. If members on my own side call me to
order, I have but to ask that they will rise in their
seats and state their objections. I am making these
remarks for the purpose of showing where this
responsibility is.
Mr. STANTON. I make this question of or-
der distinctly. I think the practice is a bad one,
and I do not know upon whom the point can be
more appropriately made than upon the expe-
rienced member from Alabama.
The CLERK. The Clerk will remark, that
objection being made, debate is not in order.
Mr. ADRAIN. The point of order was made
upon myself, in my interruption to the gentleman
from Alabama. I hope it will not be insisted on
to prevent the gentleman from Alabama from fin-
ishing his remarks. I think there is no point of
order insisted on.
Mr. STANTON. There is a point of order
insisted on.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit that the point of
order cannot now be made upon the gentleman
from Alabama. The debate was proceeding by
general consent. There was no objection to the
gentleman from Alabama proceeding when he
commenced his remarks. I submit, therefore, that
the question of order comes too late; that the point
cannot now be made upon the gentleman from
Alabama. The House having indulged him thus
far in his remarks, they cannot now take the floor
from him.
The. CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] made the question of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. How does the Clerk decide
the point of order?
The CLERK. The Clerk decides that this
discussion is out of order, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I take an appeal from
the decision of the Clerk. Upon that appeal I
propose to say a few words, and then I will yield
the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
will permit the Clerk to make this statement to
the House: The Clerk has given it as his opinion
that, by the parliamentary law, this discussion
could not be proceeded with except by unanimous
consent. The gentleman from Ohio has made a
question of order that this debate is out of order.
The gentleman from Alabama insists on his right
to proceed. The Clerk thinks that, under the
parliamentary law, the point is well taken.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal from the decision
of the Clerk. I will occupy the floor of the House
for a few moments, and then I will yield the floor
entirely.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will permit
me for a single moment, I will say I am willing
that if it be the unanimous consent of the House
that this discussion shall not hereafter be consid-
ered in order, then I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. CLAIIK, of New York. I object to that.
Mr. STANTON. Everybody must acknowl-
edge that this practice is to have no good effect.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no member of this
House who knows better than the Clerk 
Mr. GROW. My opinion is that the Clerk
cannot decide a point of order; that he must sub-
mit the point to the House; and that therefore the
gentleman from Alabama cannot take an appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that be true there is then
no point of order before us, and I will go on and
complete my remarks. I will occupy but little
more time
Mr. GROW. I make the point of order on the
gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Clerk cannot decide a
point of oi dcr he cannot entertain a point of order.
The CLERK. The gentleman will recollect
that under the parliamentary law, any member
has the right to rise to a question of order, and to
state his point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Clerk if I rise and
make remarks here which could only be submitted
by unanimous consent, if there is no objection,
and I get half through, whether it is not the duty
of the Clerk to take it for granted that I have gen-
eral consent and am proceeding accordingly?
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will not
seek to deprive me of the floor by a point of order.
The CLERK. The gentleman will remember
that, by the practice heretofore, the Clerk of the
House has no right to decide points of order, but
that any member has the right to make a point
of order in the gentleman's speech, and to insist
on it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Clerk will remember
that there is no parliamentary law which, iT'it
allows the Clerk to decide points of order, will
allow them to be piled one on top of the other.
Mr. GROW. My point is this: It is the duty
of the Clerk when a question of order is raised,
to submit that question to the House. What
I object to is, that a practice nhall grow up in
violation of all parliamentary law. If (he Clerk
decided a question of order, the gentleman could
take an appeal; but I understand that the Clerk
cannot decide a point of order, but must submit
the question to the House; and therefore no appeal
can be taken.
Mr. MILLSON. I appeal to my friend from
Alabama, as an experienced parliamentarian, not
to inaugurate a practice which will interfere  
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
If the gentleman from Virginia appeals to me, he
will be kind enough to state the record accurately.
I propose, not to inaugurate, but to follow the
practice which has been tolerated in this Hall ever
since our assembling.
Mr. MILLSON. I only proposed to call the
gentleman's attention to the fact that this debate
interferes with the continuance of good order.
The gentleman proposed to debate an appeal from
a point of order which he fancied had been de-
cided by the Clerk. Now, sir, we are proceeding
in the execution of the order of the House, that
there shall be a viva voce vote for Speaker. The
House ordered the main question to be put, in
order to prevent debate. If this debate con-
tinue, it will be in violation of that order of the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the appeal made
to me by my friend from Virginia, who is uni-
versally to be found on the side of order—and I
commend him for it—I will say that he will see at
once the injustice being done me. Other gentle-
men have heretofore been allowed to make expla-
nations during the roll-call, from A to Z, and my
friend from Virginia has not protested against
their violation of order, nor did the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr Stanton,] or the gentlemoja from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.]
Mr. MILLSON. Nor do I now object to ex-
planation.
Mr. HOUSTON. If these gentlemen had de-
sired to arrest this practice, it was proper that they
should have made their objection at an earlier
period. I certainly cannot see the justice of the
objection being brought to bear upon myself at
this time.
Mr. GROW. I do not make the objection to
the gentleman alone, for he will recollect that in
the first debate under the roll-call I then made
my objection, and that I called the attention of
the House to the inconvenience that would grow
up under it. I asked debate to be then stopped
during the roll-call.
Mr. HOUSTON. What did the Clerk decide?
Mr. GROW. The House, by unanimous con-
sent, allowed it to go on. The gentleman has
done me injustice. I do not make the point of
order out of any ill feeling to the gentleman from
Alabama. From the first, I have tried to prevent
debate during the roll-call. If it be continued, we
may never get through with a roll-call.
Mr. STANTON. I also opposed the practice
from the beginning of the session. From my
kindly personal relations with the gentleman from
Alabama, he will know that I made objection out
of no personal unkindness to him, but because he
was an experienced member; because he was not
a new member, and could not regard it in any spirit
of unkindness. I regard him, with all respect, as
the proper person upon whom to make the point
of order. He can see, of all others, that the prac-
tice tends to disorder.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know what amount
of disorder may proceed from the remarks 1 pro-
posed to make, but it seems to me that this mat-
ter has been placed in a position wh^re I cannot
be charged with unfairly occupying the floor.
Tho gentleman from Pennsylvania says that he
made objection to debate during the call of the
roll when it first occurred. We know that that
debate, notwithstanding, proceeded through the
entire roll-call. The Clerk was then appealed to,
as he is now called on, but it does not seem that
he then arrested the debate as he proposes to ar-
rest it now. I have only a few words to say in
addition to those I have already uttered.
Mr. GROW. It is due to the Clerk that I should
make a remark. This discussion can continue
only by unanimous consent; and objection being
made, it was the duty of the Clerk to bring the
question to the attention of the House. That is
: all lie has done.
j Mr. HOUSTON. This debate was commenced
I by unanimous consent. The gentleman fromVir-
. ginia spoke, and the gentleman from Mississippi
I spoke, and 1 have but followed in their lead. Ihe
; gentleman from New York [Mr. Carter] also
j made a speech. Itwas made by unanimous con-
sent; it was as unanimous as anything I ever saw.
I heard no objection, and there was no objection.
I commenced speaking; and I hope now I will be
permitted, by the same common consent, to go on.
[Cries of" Go on 1" "Go on!"]
Mr. STANTON. I desire to Bay to the gen-
tleman from Alabama that I did not raise the ques-
tion upon the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bote-
ler] because he is a new member, a stranger to
me, and any interference with him might be mis*
construed.
Mr* HOUSTON. I receive the gentleman's
