1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
of letters which I have received For copies -of this
bill, and in view of the general interest which seems
to be manifested throughout the country in regard
to it, I ask that double the usual number of copies
be printed. I trust that the House will give its
consent to this.
The SPEAKER. The motion to print extra
numbers must be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House.
Mr.'COBB. I object.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I hope there will be no ob-
jection ; there is no part of the country that is not
interested in this bill, and we arc getting letters
on the subject every day.
Mr. FENTON. As objection is made, I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Printing.
It ivas so referred.
CAPTAIN DAVID XOIiUi's REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. FENTON, from thesame committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Captain David Noble, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
EPISCOPAL MISSIONARY SOCIETY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, reported
back-a bill (S. No. 106) authorizing the Domes-
tic and Foreign Mission Society of the Protestant
Episcopal Church of the United States to enter a
certain tract of land in the State of Wisconsin;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
DANIEL DAVIS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
same committee, also reported a bill authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to issue a land war-
rant to Daniel Davis; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
DANIEL WILSON.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the
same committee, made an adverse report in the
case of Daniel Wilson; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB. Did not I hear the Committee on
Public Expenditures called ?
The SPEAKER. It was called.
Mr. COBB. And was there no response from
that committee, which is charged with the inves-
tigation of the public expenditures? What has
become of the bill which I had referred to them to
curtail some of the expenses of the Government?
Mr. GROW. No debate is in order; and I
object to it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Agricul-
ture, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, a bill of the House to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GROW moved that five hundred extra
copies of the bill be printed.
The motion was referred, under the rules, to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to know if that
bill is not a homestead bill? We have already
passed one, and it seems to me to be unnecessary
to go to the expense of printing another.
Mr. GROW. The bill has been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
We wanted to get it out of our hands.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. BRIGGS, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition of William Baltnip, praying for the re-
demption of certain continental money; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
P ASSAM AQUODDY INDIANS.
On motion of Mi\ETHERIDGE, the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of certain Pas-
samaquoddy Indians, and the same was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
IIEIRS OF MARY JEMISON.
Mr. BURROUGHS, from the Committee,on
Indian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Mary Jemison; which was fead a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
SETTLERS UPON THE MIAMI RESERVE.
Mr. BURROUGHS, from the same committee,
made an adverse report in relation to settlers upon
the Miami Reserve, in Kansas; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
PAY OF PURSERS IN THE NAVY."
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with amendments, a bill
(H. R. No. 2) to regulate the sea-service pay of
pursers in the Navy; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
and ordered to be printed.
' Mr. MORSE. I give notice that two weeks
from to-day I shall move to take up that bill.
Mr. WINSLOW\ There is a bill upon the
Spcaker'stable relating to the same subject. I ask
that it be taken up, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and printed.
There being no objection, a bill (S. No. 299)
to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy of
the United States was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
CELESTIA P. HARTT.
Mr. POTTLE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Celestia P.
Hartt, widow of Constructor Samuel P. Hartt;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. ROYCE, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the ascer-
tammentand satisfaction of the claims of American
citizens for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the 31st day of July, 1801; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. ROYCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to move that the fur-
ther consideration of this bill be postponed until
three weeks from to-day.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I should like to know
whether that bill comes from a committee >
The SPEAKER. It is reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Well, Mr. Speaker, if the
motion to postpone is made, I object to its being
made a special order. I am willing that it shall
be sent to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; but I object to its being made
a special order there for any day.
Mr. BRANCH. This bill, Mr. Speaker, is a
copy precisely of the bill which was introduced
into the House in the last Congress upon the
same subject. At least it was so understood in
the committee at the time leave was given to re-
port it to the House. The point of order was
made at last Congress that the bill contained an
appropriation, and that it must, therefore, under
the rule, receive its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
After a full and careful consideration of the ques-
tion of order, the Speaker, reserving his decision
for a day and a night, decided that the bill did
contain an appropriation and must necessarily go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and it was accordingly sent there. If I
am not mistaken, the decision was made upon a
careful consideration of the law of Congress. I
think the House assented to the view taken by
the Speaker, that the bill did contain an appro-
priation and was obliged to go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to say
to the gentleman from North Carolina that if,
upon an examination of the hill at the time to
which it is proposed to postpone it, it shall be
found to contain an appropriation, it must, as a
matter of course, go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The gentle-
man from North Carolina will then have an op-
portunity to make a motion to commit the bill. I
wish to say further, that last year when the French
spoliation bill was before the House, the then
Speaker examined the bill with, a good deal of
care, and was, as he said ,' in a good deal e f doubt
as to the proper decision tcibe liiade; "He finally
decided, however, that the bill did make an ap-
propriation ; and although, as I believe-, a major-
ity of the House at. the time diffetei with the
Speaker in his decision, yef they acquiesced; and
allowed the bill to be referred.
Mr. MAYNARD. Was not the decision of
the Speaker submitted to: and sustained by the
'House? " •
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. • 1 think not; I
think that no appeal was takeri. But I wish to
say further, that I have looked: at the 'reasons
given by the late Speaker, and I find that, if the
quotation from the bill upon which he based his
decision is correct, the bill then before him was
not like" this bill. This bill is certainly not liable
to the objections which were then made, unless
it be true that the Secretary of the Treasury is
himself the Government1 of the United States.
This bill does not provide for the .payment of any
money, unless in pursuance of appropriations
which shall be in future made by the Congress of
the United States. I think, therefore, that it is
not liable to the objections which were made in
the last Congress. At any rate, whether it is or
not, the question can be raised when the bill again
comes before the House for consideration. I
hope it will nof be referred to a Committee of the
Whole, because the House knows—and no -one
knows it better than the gentleman from North
Carolina—it will be the defeat of the measure alto-
gether. I call for the previous question on the
motion to postpone.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question for a
moment.
Mr. WASHBURN,ofMaine. Iwill.ccrtainly,
at the gentleman's request.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Maine
says that some change has been made in this bill
that will take it out of the operation of the rule
under which the decision of the Speaker was
made in the last session. Mr. Speaker, I state
as a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
that the authority to report the bill was upon the
express allegation that it was precisely the bill
which was reported in the last Congress.
During the last Congress, as I said when I was
up before, and as has been admitted by the gentle-
man himself, the point of order was distinctly
raised on this hill that it made an appropriation,
and must necessarily be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. The then
Speaker, after twenty-four hours' consideration
and careful examination of the statutes, compar-
ing them with the bill, decided that it must go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I have no recollection as to whether an
appeal was taken from the decision of the Chair
or not; but we know very well that if there was
no appeal taken, it was because members were
satisfied that the decision was correct an'd could
not be properly set aside.
I raise the question now that this bill must
have its first consideration in a Committee of the
Whole House, and that even the motion to post-
pone cannot be entertained.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will say to
the gentleman from North Carolina, that even if
the bill does make an appropriation, it is still in
order to make the motion to postpone the bill to
a certain day; and then, when it comes up, the
gentleman may move to refer the bill, if he sees
fit. But, sir, I wish to say that the gentleman
from North Carolina is wrong in saying that this
is precisely the same bill as that reported last
year, unless the late Speaker erred in the decision
which he then made. He then quoted from that
bill to prove that the scrip to bo issued under it
was payable out of the Treasury of the United
States. The present bill provides that it may be
redeemable by the Government of the United
States, at its discretion; and that discretion can
only be exercised hereafter by an act of Congress;
so that either the late Speaker erred in the decis-
ion which he made, or the present bill does differ
from that then reported. But there will be time to
examine the bill, and ascertain whether it really
does make an appropriation or not. I therefore
now call for the previous question; and I hope,
if gentlemen do not intend to defeat the bill alto-
gether, they will vote to postpone;
