THE COKGEESSIOisTAE GLOBE.
March 29,
/< Mr. BRANCH., The gentleman, I think, must
have jaiisuncjerstpod, the statement I made. I did
riot say tjh§.< this was precisely the bill .which, was
reported last yea?. vYh&t I stated was, that the
Committee on Foreign Affairs had not authorized
the reporting of any: bill upon this subject, except
the bill which was reported iast ,y<?ar; and if this
bill is not $he ,sa?ne in £,v£ry re^pept, then it is not
properly-before thpjlipueie, because no member
of the committee was authorized to report it,
; Mr. H.OfJpTQN.//"Willvthe gentleman allow
mo;to asi a question?-
Mi;. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let,me say a
word first, in Veply to the gentleman from North
.Carolina. ,1 did not say this bill was not the same
as4that reported last year; what I said was, that
if it isj.the same then thq Speaker of the lastCon-
fress -vira£ in error in regard to the contents of that
ill, for his decision was based upon a statement
of, (fee- provisions of that bill which this bill does
n<?t contain. . .
, Mr.MAyNARD. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will refer him, to the record of jvhat was
done on .the question of order raised in rcfi#bnce
to this bill in the last Congress. I read from the
Journal of the last House:
"The Speaker having announced as the regular order of
business the Mil of the House (1J. K, No. ood) to provide
for the ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of Amer-
ican citizens for spoliations coimnittcd by tho French pi tor
to the 31st day of July, 1801, heretofore postponed until this
day;-the ponding question being on the motion of Mr.
Ba&ksdmiR that it be committed to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union, and printed,
"Mr. fjBTCinsu made the point of order that, under the
ternw of the hill, tho certificate of stock authorized therein
may be rPdAemed by the Secretary of tho Treasuiy when-
ever he has fund* with which to do ; and thus., contain-
ing an appropriation of mnnev, the hill must be; first con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole. Pending Which, after
debate,
" Mr. Hughes moved that the bill he laid on the table.
" And the question being put, it wan decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 75, nay* 10G.
" The question then recurring on the point of order made
by Mr. Lktchm,
"The Hi'bakkr sustained the snmc, and decided tli.it the
hill myt be first considered in the Committee of the Whole.
, " From thi.s decision of the Chair Mr. Florence ap-
pealed.
" Pendin? which,
* "Mr- Hughes moved that the appeal he laid on the table.
"And tho question hems put, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas l£d} nays 50.
t( fcjo the appeal was laid on the tahle."
So it vifill be seen that there was a very decided
expression of opinion on tho subject by the last
House.
Mr. WASH BUR. N\ of Maine. Thegnnrleman
is right in reference to the question of order, f
did not remember precisely what wits done, but I
presume the friends of the bill acceded to the de-
cision of the Speaker because the bill came in so
late in the session that they had no hope of car-
rying- it through the House. I recollect perfectly
well that Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, who was very
conversant with the rules, .stated that the decision
of the Speaker was not sustained by tho facts as
they appeared.
Mr. HOUSTON. Tho bill reported by tho com-
mittee now is precisely, in every word and letter,
the bill before the last House upon which the de-
cision was made to which the gentleman from
Tennessee refers. Here is tho bill, as it was
printed by the last House, and it contains pre-
cisely the provisions upon which Mr. Speaker
Orr made hia decision, which decision, I presume,
will bo repeated by the present Speaker.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire tosay
to the House that the then Speaker made his de-
cision upon a bill which was not before the House.
I will send for the Globe, and show the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston*,] and others, what
was the decision and what it was made upon.
Mr, HOUSTON. I am under the impression
that the gentleman from Maine is mistaken. The
decision which was then made by the Speaker
was made in part upon the language of the bill
and in part upon existing laws which authorized
the Secretary of the Treasury to redeem the out-
standing obligations of the Government. This
bill says that the stock to be issued under it shall
be redeemable at the pleasure of the Government;
and there is an existing law which authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to redeem the outstand-
ing stock of the Government out of appropriations
made peimanently for that purpose. Looking at
the provisions of the bill and at the existing law,
the Speaker came to the decision, and properly,
in my judgment, that the Governpsent oould-re-
deem the stock to be issued whenever.it saw lit.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Mairie. Mr. Speaker,
I will; now state yhat the decision of the Chair
was, and upon what language it was made. ' In
the Congressional Globe, second session,Thirty-
Fifth Congress, part one, page 729,1 find tli'e fol-
lowing: ''
'" The Chair imagines there is very great difference, ac-
cording to.his recollection, between the bill now ponding
and; the pne to which the gentleman fiom Georgia [Mr.
Stephens} has referred."
Let me, say, sir, that it was claimed by the
friends of the bill that it made no appropriation of
money, but simply declared a' liability on the part
of the Government. It was claimed that it only
established a debt; which, however, could not be
paid until Congress should make an appropria-
tion for that purposein tho regularmode and with
the regular forms. Congress may create an office
and authorize the payment of a salary, but that
salary will not be paid until an appropriation is
made to that end. Mr. Stephens, of Georgia,
took the ground that the French spoliation bill
established only a debt,^declared a liability, and
that the money could only be drawn from the
Treasury hereafterupon appropriation duly made.
He likened it to a case decidcd by the Speaker a
short time before in reference to a pension bill,
which was introduced into the House, provid-
ing for an annual draft upon the Treasury of
$10,000,000. There the Speaker declared tha!t
that pension bill did not make an appropriation of
money, and therefore that itwas not necessary its
first consideration should be had in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Let me go on with the decision with which I
commenced:
" There was certainly no portion of the tax or charge,
if it was a ehatge, upon tli^ people which couid have been
diawn from the Treasury under the pension bill. Thedif-
hcuity in deciding this question grows, m the opinion of
the Chair, out ol the pioper const! act ton that is. to be placed
upon the la*r two lines of the seventh section of the bill,
taken in connection With a clause in the act of 1853. The
words to which the Chair refers are these : 1 and such cer-
tificates of utoek'—- the $5,000,000 of stock which it pro-
vided .shall be issued—< shall be redeemable at the Treas-
ury of the United States.' "
I desire now to call the attention of the Chair
and that of the House to the pending bill, and
what is the difference. " And such certificates of
stock shall be redeemable at the Treasury of the
United Statea,"was the language upon which the
decision of tho Speaker was made thathasbcen re-
referred to—that the bill must go to the Committee
oft he Whole on the state of the Union. That is not
the language of the bill now upon the Speaker's
table, if my recollection serves me. The language
there is, that the stock shall be redeemable at the
pleasure of the Government, or something to that
effect. Whether it is true or not that, under the
former bill, upon which the decision of the Speaker
was made, money could be paid out of the Treas-
ury, it is certain that, under the present bill, no
appropriation is made and no money can be paid
out under it until an appropriation is hereafter
made for that purpose in due form. The decision
of the Speaker heretofore made, therefore, will
not apply to the present bill. .
Mr, BARICSDALE. Let me propound an in-
terrogatory to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Not now. I
will yield to the gentleman in a moment. Tho
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] is cor-
rect in saying that the bill before the House is the
same in its provisions as the bill of the last ses-
sion ; but it is equally true that the language upon
which the former decision of the Speaker was
made is not contained m the pending bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let mc correct myself.
When I received the bill at the hands of the
Clerk, I understood him to say that it was the
same bill which was then before the House. The
Clerk thinks so yet. lie has sent for the bill,
and we can soon know whether it is the same. I
presume that it is the same.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If it be in order,
I ask for the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will hear the
gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. BARICSDALE. I desire to say that, in
response to an inquiry which 1 made of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr.
Coiuvin,] he stated that this bill was precisely
similar .to the bill which was reported to Qon-
gress. a,t its lp.st session. That was the under-
standing, I am satisfied, of every member of the.
committee who was present.
Mr. ROYCE. I understand that this bill is'the
same as that which was reported at the last ses-
sion of Congress. I agree with the gentleman frofp
Mississippi, that no other bill could be reported.
Mr.WASHBURN, ofMaine. I have not stated
at any time that the bill presented here was differ-
ent from that presented last year. There can be
no controversy on .that point between the gentle-
man from Mississippi and myself. I have stated
that the decision last year was predicated upou
certain language which the Speaker thought was
in the bill of last year. It is now ascertained-that
no such language is"in that bill. Therefore, we
hold that it is no authority upon this occasion and
against this bill, which does not contain the lan-
guage upon which the decision was based.
Mr. ROYCE. It is the same as the bill'reported
at the last session.
The SPEAKER. The motion pending is the
motion that the further consideration of this mat-
ter be postponed until this day three weeks.'1 ;
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call the pre-
vious question on that motion.
The SPEAKER. It appears to the Chair that
this controversy is premature at this time, and
that it will be more pertinent when the time arrives
to which it is postponed, if it b'c postponed. If
it is to he postponed, there is no use in debating
whether it contains an appropriation or not; that
will be a proper subject for inquiry when it is
again taken up.
"Mr. BRANCH. I raise the question of order
that this bill must have its first consideration in
tho Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I insist that it must, under the rules, in-
stantly go to that committee.
The SPEAKER, If the bill be postponed for
three weeks from to-day, the Chair decides that
it will then stand, when it is next taken up, in
precisely the same condition in which it is now.
Mr, FLORENCE. The time to which it is pro-
posed to make the postponement is the timenxed
for the meeting of one of the great party conven-
tions, and there will not, of course, be a quorum
present here.
Mr. BRANCH. If the motion to postpone be
voted down, will not the question then arise upon
the point of order that I make, that this bill, under
the rules, mustgo to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. It is improper to postpone
the consideration of an important measure to the
week when the Charleston convention will be in
session.
Mr. MILLSON. I make the point of order
that the demand for the previous question is not
in order until there is a decision as to whether
this bill does or does not, under the rules, go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I make the point of order that the bill
must go there.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow tho Chair to state that the demand
for the previous question covers nothing but the
question of postponement? In the opinion of the
Chair, it does not cover the question of reference.
Mr. MILLSON. I am aware of that.
The SPEAKER. When the bill comes up, it '
will be an open question whether it shall go to a
committee or not.
Mr. MILLSON. I am aware of that. I wish
the Clerk to read the 131st rule.
Mr. McQJJEEN. I want to suggest to gentle-
men on the other side, that the t me proposed is
an improper time to make a special order of so
impoiLuit a bill. That is the week in which it is
contemplated to hold the convention in Charles-
ton; when, I suppose, many members will be
absent from the House. This is one of the most
important hills that can come before the House,
and one that has been before it every Congress
since I came here.
Mr. ROYCE. What day does the gentleman
from South Carolina suggest for the considera-
tion of the hill?
Mr. Mc&UEKln. I suggest no day to make
it a special order; but I suggest to the gentlemen
who make this proposition, that the week pro-
