2376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
in the subject of this resolution, who have either
neglected or refused to make their reports to the
Committee on Mileage. It is really impossible
for the Sergeant-at-Arms to balance his books, or
report back to the committee, unless gentlemen
report their mileage. Many of the members, in
fact, received their mileage before the organiza-
tion of the House, and now refuse to hand in their
reports to the Committee on Mileage. The object
of this resolution is to compel members to make
their report.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit that the resolution
of the gentleman from South Carolina is not in
order, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. ASHMORE. I submit it as a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a
question of privilege. It is evidently necessary
for the matter to be settled.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand, then, that the
resolution is now before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BURNETT. It is perhaps necessary for
mc to say that I am not one of those to whom the
remarks of the gentleman from South Carolina
would apply. I did not receive my mileage until
after the organization of the House and I have
made my report to the Committee on Mileage.
But I desire "to say that, as I understand it, the
members who have refused or failed to report to
the Committee on Mileage are those who have
been here more than one Congress, and have re-
ported to former committees; and where they have
not changed their residences I do not see the ne-
cessity for this requirement on the part of the
present Committee on Mileage. There can be no
change in the distances they have to travel.
Mr. ASHMORE. The Committee on Mileage
requires nothing, I will say to the gentleman from
Kentucky, but what the laws of the United States
require that the Committee on Mileage shall do;
and they require that each member shall report
his mileage to the Committee on Mileage, that
they may indorse it, and that the Sergeant-at-
Arms, the pay officer of the House, may pay the
amount due. I put this question to the House:
suppose the Committee on Mileage make up their
report in the absence of the statements of some
of the members, and make up their report incor-
rectly, who is to bear the responsibility of this
violation of law ? I say that it is an unsafe rule
to rely on former reports. Changes are being so
constantly made in the routes of travel, that what
may have been the distance from the residence of
a member in a former Congress may not be the
distance by the usual route of travel now. Then,
I say that to take the report made in the Twenty-
Fifth Congress or the Thirty-Fifth Congress as
the rule by which the mileage for members of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress is to be determined, is
•imply an absurdity.
Mr. CAREY. I trust the resolution will pass.
Mr. KUNKEL. Is the consideration of this
resolution in order at this time?
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been
received, and is before the House.
Mr. ASHMORE. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. KUNKEL. The gentleman has not the
floor for that purpose. Mr. Speaker, I am one of
thosewhohavenotmadethose reports to the Com-
mittee onMileage,and have notdrawn my mileage
from the Sergeant-at-Arms. It amounts to a mere
pittance, living, as I do, almost under the shadow
of the Capitol. But, sir, I consider that the gentle-
man from South Carolina, as the head of the Com-
mittee on Mileage, is requiring what, from pre-
cedent and by law, he has no right to demand. I
submit that a member of Congress has sufficiently
complied with the law when he has returned to
the Committee on Mileage, a regularly-constituted
committee of the House, his place of residence,
and the usual*course of travel to and from the
capital; and it is their duty to compute the dis-
tance. That, I say, has always bee n considered as a
sufficient requirement with the law; and therefore
I say, that while the chairman of the Committee
on Mileage has no doubt acted conscientiously
in the discharge of his duty, as he understands
it, yet I submit thatheliasnorightto require mem-
bers, who have heretofore made reports 011 the
subject, again to report to his committee; for it is
to bo presumed that honorable members will not
report again differently from what they have here-
tofore done, when there has been no change in
their residence. I move to lay the resolution on
the table."
Mr. ASHMORE. I do not think that motion
is in order. I move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order.
Mr. ASHMORE. I desire to say one word in
response to the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. KUNKEL. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. ASHMORE. There are many instances
in which railroads have been constructed since the
time when the former reports have been made,
which may change the distance by the usual
course of travel. It is, therefore, impossible for
the committee to make up a correct report unless
each member makes his own report. The com-
mittee cannot undertake to designate the mileage
due to a member unless he designates it himself.
Mr. KUNKEL. I call the gentleman to order.
No debate is in order.
Mr. ASHMORE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BARR. I call the gentleman to order. The
Speaker has decided that no debate is in order;
and yet, in the face of that, the gentleman gets up
and abuses the Speaker.
Mr. ASHMORE. I deny the assertion. I have
not abused the Speaker.
Mr. BARR. It is an abuse for agentleman to
persist in speaking out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land having the floor, before he sat down moved
to lay the resolution upon the table; and the ques-
tion must be first put upon that motion.
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 understood that the Chair
recognized me as having the floor, and I have one
word to say. I am one of those who have not
reported to the Committee on Mileage; but it has
not been because I refused to do so; and I doubt
whether a single member of this House has re-
fused to report. There was a circular addressed
to me by the chairman-of that committee, but I
mislaid it; and I requested the committee to fur-
nish me with another circular. I made that re-
quest of Mr. Van Wyck, a member of that com-
mittee, that I might make a report to the commit-
tee. I therefore repel the imputation made by the
gentleman from South Carolina that there is a
single gentleman in this House who has refused
to report. If members have not reported, it has
arisen from inattention or neglect. Therefore, I
say there is no necessity for this resolution; and
I hope it will be laid upon the table.
Mr. ASHMORE. Upon what authority does
the gentleman say that gentlemen have not re-
fused?
Mr. ADRAIN. I think I am speaking the
sense of the whole House.
Mr. ASHMORE. You are not speaking for
everybody. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the motion to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to have read, in con-
nection with that resolution, that provision of the
statute at large which relates to the compensation
of members. That will, I think, show that we
cannot withhold full compensation from members.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to this
debate.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know whether the Chair de-
cides that the resolution of the gentleman from
South Carolina is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. It repeals a positive
law of Congress fixing the mileage of members.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have been
demanded upon the motion to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. ASHMORE. I withdraw that demand for
the present, as I have reason to believe that we
shall be able to vote that down upon a division of
the House.
The motion to lay on thetable wasnot agreed to.
Mr. ASHMORE. My friends have suggested
that I should modify my resolution so that it
shall provide that payment shall be withheld until
they report their mileage.
The resolution, as modified, was read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved. That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and he is hereby,
instructed to withhold further payment of the salary of
such of the members of this Congress as have neglected or
refused to report their mileage to the Committee on Mile-
age, until they do report such mileage.
Mr. ASHMORE. I call the previous question
upon the passage of the resolution.
The prsvious question was seconded, and the
'main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ASHMORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TAPPAN. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
GEORGE W. MUNDY.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of George W.Mundy,
administrator of Major General Eleazer W. Rip-
ley, deceased; which was read a first and second
time,referred to aCommittee ofthe Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
GUADALUPE ESTUDILLE DE ARGUELLO.
Mr. HUTCHINS, by unanimous consent, had
leave to make, from the Committee of Claims, an
additional report, to accompany Senate bill No.
117, for the relief of Guadalupe Estudillo de Ar-
guello, widow of Santiago E. Arguello.
ANA M. ROLAS Y KOBALDO.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Ana
M. Rolaa y Robaldo, widow of Francisco Ro-
baldo, deceased; which waa read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN UTAH.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee,
also reported a bill supplemental to " An act to
refund to the Territory of Utah the expenses in-
curred by said Territory in suppressing Indian
hostilities," approved July 17, 1854; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. STANTON. This bill makes no appro-
priation, and I ask that it be put upon its passage.
I call for the reading of the bill.
The bill, which was read, directs that the act
to refund to the Territory of Utah the expenses
incurred by said Territory in suppressing Indian
hostilities, approved July 17, 1854, shall be con-
strued to embrace the expenses actually incurred
by said Territory of Utah in payment for the
loss of horses, killed or otherwise rendered use-
less in action, and that the same be paid under
said act upon satisfactory proof of such loss, and
the payment therefor b'y said Territory, being
made to the Third Auditor of the Treasury.
Mr. STANTON. This bill only covers $1,250,
which was included in the original estimates ofthe
Territory of Utah, forthe loss of horses; but the
Treasury Department construed the phraseology
of the act to exclude that loss. It was intended
that the act should cover that loss, as appears
from the footing of the figures of the estimates at
that time. I apprehend there is no controversy
about it.
Mr. NOELL. I object to the putting on its
passage any bill to pay for the loss of horses.
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman
that I have the right to put this bill upon its pas-
sage. A single objection applies only in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and not in the House.
Mr. NOELL. I wish the House to understand
that my objection does not apply particularly to
this bill. My objection is to the passage of any
bill to pay for the loss of horses m the Mexican
war. I desire the passage of a general bill to apply
to all such cases.
Mr. STANTON. I claim that the bill may be
put upon its passage without any suspension of
the rules. A single objection in the House will
not prevent it.
The SPEAKER. On objection day, the Chair
thinks unanimous consent is required to put a bill
upon its passage.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Militia,
