1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2377
A. L. C. PORTMAN.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
when I was endeavoring yesterday to cooperate
with my colleague on the Committee on Foreign
Affairs [Mr. Humphrey] in bringing before the
House bill No. 587, for the relief of Anton L.
C. Portman, the Dutch interpreter to the Japan
expedition, I fear that I led the House into a
misapprehension of the matter. The bill is not
to compensate Mr. Portman for his service as
interpreter to the present Japan embassy, but to
the Japan expedition under Commodore Perry;
but I am afraid that 1 may have made some state-
ment which provoked the objection that the bill
encountered. I now move that the Committee of
the Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill.
Mr. PEYTON. Before 1 give my consent to
that, I desire to ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania whether this man was employed by the
Government ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. He went out
as cleik under Commodore Perry.
Mr. PEYTON. Did he volunteer to accom-
pany tlic expedition, or was he employed?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. He went out
as clerk to Commodore Perry. He isa Hollander
by birth. After the expedition reached Japan it
was found that the business of the legation could
not be transacted through the services of the Jap-
anese interpreter, except with the aid of an inter-
preter in Dutch. Mr. Portman was detailed for
that service. The service rendered by linn was
of such a character that one of the officers of the
expedition, now serving in the navy-yard here,
states pro tanio that the main object of the expe-
dition would have failed but for the services of
this gentleman.
Mr. PEYTON. My inquiry was, whether he
was employed, or went as a volunteer?
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. He was em-
ployed.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill,
and the House proceeded to consider it.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Anton L. C. Portman,
late clerk to Commodore M. C. Perry, while in
command of the East India squadron, the sum of
$3,000 for his services as Dutchjnterpreter during
the negotiation of the treaty between the United
States and the empire of Japan.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM Y. STRONG.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar be
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill(H. R. No. 578) for the relief of William Y.
Strong. It only appropriates the small sum of
ninety-six dollars.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and the House proceeded
to consider it.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to William Y. Strong, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
Eriated, ninety-six dollars, being the amount paid
y him into the public Treasury, and interest
thereon from the 27th January, 1845.
The report was read. Itappears therefrom that
William Y. Strong entered, at the United States
land office at Chillicothe, Ohio on the 27th of
June, 1845, the southeast quarter of northwest
quarterof section twenty-four, township thirteen,
range one east, containing forty acres, at ยง1 25
per acre, for which a patent was issued July 12,
1855; that prior to May, 1836, the State of Ohio
sold the land to another party, and by her Gov-
ernor made conveyance of it under act of Con-
gress, JMay 24, 1828, granting lands to the State
for canal purposes. No transfer had been made
of this tract of land from the General Government
to the State of Ohio on the books of the land office
at Chillicothe, and consequently no evidence ex-
isted in the Land Office at Washington that the
State had appropriated the land forcanal purposes.
Strong, therefore, made his entry and paid his
money in good faith; and as the Commissioner of
the General Land Office decided that the United
States was the owner of the land and the patent
to him conveyed the title to it, he was compelled
to resort to the courts of Ohio for possession.
After several years' litigation, the supreme court
of the State decided, in March last, that the holder
under the State had a good and valid title.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIVINGSTON, KINKEAD & CO.
Mr. BRIGGS. 1 ask the House to indulge me for
a moment. It will be remembered that on Mon-
day last a Senate bill for the relief of Livingston,
Iiinkead & Co., was passed by the House, and
that after its passage it appeared that several gen-
tlemen did not understand the nature of the bill,
owing to the great confusion that prevailed in the
Hall at the time. They expressed themselves
dissatisfied at the apparently precipitate manner
in which the bill was passed, and I considered
that the House should recede from its action and
reconsider the bill, which could only have been
done by unanimous consent. I could not suffer
the impression to exist that 1 had intentionally
attempted to place a bill on its passage unless it
had merits. Many gentlemen, however, thought
that it was not a bill of merits, and the bill, on
reconsideration, was lost. Some gentlemenhave
since spoken to me and told me that they did not
know anything of the merits of the bill when they
voted on it.
Now, under these circumstances, I ask the
unanimous consent of the plouse to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was lost, and let the
bill be restored to the Calendar.
Mr. GAllTRELL. I object.
JEEEMIAII PENDERGAST.
Mr. MILLWARD, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 52) for the relief of
Jeremiah Pendergast, and askeu that it be put
upon its passage.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasuiy to pay to Jeremiah Pendergast
$139 91, being the difference between the pay
allowed him os a watchman on the construction
of the Patent Office extension and that allowed to
other watchmen.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLWARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RICIIARD C. MARTIN.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri. As I have
occupied but little of the time of the House during
this session, I ask the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
from the further consideration of a bill (H. R.
No. 693) for the relief of Richard C. Martin.
The bill having been read, and there being no
objection to it, the Committee of the Whole House
was discharged from its further consideration.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The lattei motion was agreed to.
MRS. JANE M. M'CRABB.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar from the further
consideration of an act (S. No. 65) for the relief
of Mrs. Jane M. McCrabb, widow of the late
Captain John W. McCrabb, assistant quarter-
master in the United Spates Army.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Mrs. McCrabb the sum
of $5,293 96, being the allowance of commissions
for disbursements of.special appropriations by
her late husband.
Mr. BURNETT. I think all these bills ought
to take the same course, and have an equal chance.
I must therefore object, without knowing any-
thing about the merits of the case.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
Mr. BURlMETT. A gentleman in whose judg-
ment I have confidence assures me that the prin-
ciple of the bill is right and just; I will, therefore,
withdraw my objection.
The Committee of the Whole House "was then
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill. It was ordered to a third reading; and was
accordingly lead the third time, and passed.
Mr. CURTIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar, (Mr. Burnett in the chair,) and, this being
objection day, resumed the consideration of the
hills on the Private Calendar, commencing where
they lel't off yesterday.
J. R. CRUMP.
A bill (H. R. No. 524) for the relief of J. R.
Crump.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to J. R. Crump the sum of #750, in full
for his expenses in returning from Santa Fe, in
1859, and for services subsequently, in aiding
Superintendent E. F. Beale in the preparation of
the official report of his wagon load exploration.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Crump was a member of Beule's expedition,and
that, on his arrival in Albuquerque, he was or-
dered by Beale to proceed to Santa Fe, and jhere
employ his time; that having completed the work
assigned him, and ascertaining that Mr. Beale
would not return to Santa Fe by the 1st of July,
he started homo on the 13th of June, bringing
with him the maps, which were accepted by the
War Department and pronounced satisfactory.
He asks an allowance of $205 to cover his ex-
penses home, and $1,000 for his services; but the
committee thought the charge extravagant, and
reported a bill for $750.
Mr THOMAS. I think the amount appro-
priated is too large. 1 move to amend by striking
out $750, and inserting $270.
Mr. TAPPAN. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. I assure gentlemen that this case
was very fully canvassed in the committee, and
that we allowed him the lowest sum which wo
supposed would remunerate him for his service.
VVe scrutinized the evidence very carefully in-
deed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests to
gentlemen that debate is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 know that debate is not in
order, but I know somewhat of this matter my-
self, and I think the party entitled to the amount
reported by the committee.
The question was taken on the amendment and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. THOMAS. I do not want to interpose
captious objections; butl ask that the bill be passed
over informally for a little while, until I can look
into.it.
Mr. PHELPS. Let the bill be laid aside, and
the gentleman can have a separate vote upon it in
the House.
Mr. THOMAS. I do not object.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
LIEUTENANT JAMES TAYLOR.
A bill (H. R. No. 325) for the relief of the heirs
ofLieutenant James Taylor, of the VirginiaState
line. [Objected to by Mr. Carey.]
GEORGE G. DUNHAM.
A bill (H. R. No. 526) for the relief of George
G. Dunham.
