2378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Mr. CURRY moved that the bill be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
JULIUS MARTIN.
A bill (H. R. No. 527) for the relief of Julius
Martin.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Julius Martin the sum of $428, for sup-
plies furnished by him to the California battalion
of volunteers undicr the command of Colonel Fre-
mont, in 1847.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
during the war with Mexico, in 1847, Julius Martin
supplied the California battalion of volunteers with
horses, harness, tools, and lumber, to the amount
of $428, and has not been paid. The accounts are
certified by Quartermaster Jacob R. Snyder and
Major P. B. Reading-, and are approved by Lieu-
tenant Colonel John "C. Fremont, who was m com-
man'd of the battalion. This claim was presented
at the Treasury Department, but was not paid,
forlhe reason that the appropriation made for this
class of cases had been exhausted.
Tiiere being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
MRS. AGATHA O'BRIEN.
A bill (S. No. 260) for the relief of Mrs. Aga-
tha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J.
O'Brien, late of the United States Army.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Mrs. Agatha O'Brien, widow of Brevet
Major J. P. J. O'Brien, such sums of money as
may be found due to her late husband, as captain
of artillery, from the 31st of December, 1849, when
he wos last paid, to the 31st of March, 1850, the
day of his death; and that his accounts on the
books of the Treasury be balanced.
The report %tfas read. It appears therefrom
that Major O'Brien was assistant quartermaster
in the United States Army from 1847 to the time
of his death, and as such disbursed largo sums
of public money at various places, particularly at
Caraargo, Mexico, and at Indianola, Texas; that
while actually in the performance of his duties
he was seized; with cholera, and died after a few
hours'illness at Indianola, March 31, 1850, ne-
cessarily leaving his accounts in anunsettled con-
dition ; and upon an examination of them at the
Treasury, a balance of about seven hundred dol-
lars is found charged against him, while his pay
and emoluments for the quarter ending on the day
he died are to his credit, §335 50. In view of the
circumstances of his sudden death; that he was
ever zealous and scrupulous in the discharge of
his (Iat.y; that lie was a faithful and gallant offi-
cer; that he leaves a widow and children ill a des-
titute condition, the committee report a bill to
pay her the amount due her late husband as pay
and emoluments, from the day he was last paid
until the day of his death, to wit: from the 31st
of December, 1849, to the 31st March, 1850, and
that the balance thereafter standing against him
on the books of the Treasury be canceled.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man who reported that bill why the money is to
be paid to the widow? If it is a debt due by the
United States, the administrator is entitled to it.
Mr. BUFFINTON. There was no adminis-
trator, that I recollect.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is very manifest
that the payment to a widow of a debt which we
owe to the representatives of an estate is no dis-
charge of the debt. I am very willing that the
prmciplc of this bill shall be established by the
action of the House.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not understand that any
debts were due by the estate, or anything of that
kind.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We do not under-
stand anything about it.
Mr. CURTIS. This is for a poor widow—
the widow of one of the most gallant, brave, and
worthy officers of the Army, who died suddenly,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, I am
satisfied.
Theic being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
GREYTOWN AUTHORITIES.
A joint resolution (No. 31; providing for the
appointment of commissioners to inquire as to the
jurisdiction of the authorities of Greytown over
'Punta Arenas, as to the conduct of said authori-
ties, the value of property destroyed, &c. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Smith, of Virginia.]
BEDA HAYES.
A bill (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of Beda
Hayes, -widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby,
Hartford county, Connecticut.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Beda Hayes, widow of Dudley
Hayes, of Granby, Hartford county, Connecti-
cut, on the pension roll, at the rate of sixty dol-
lars pei annum, to commence from the death of
her husband, and to continue during her natural
life; deducting therefrom such sums as she may
have received.
The leport was read. It appears therefrom that
Beda Hayes was married m 1805 to Dudley
Hayes, who was wounded at the battle of Still-
water, being shot through the groin, and crip-
pled for life; that for thirty-nine years she min-
istered 1o his care and comfort, he being a great
sufferer during the latter part of his life, and that
she is now advanced in years and in destitute
circumstances.
Mr. NOELL moved to amend, by making the
pension commence from the 1st of January, 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
There being no objection, the hill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
ABNER MERRILL.
An act (S. No. 96) for the reliefofAbncr Mer-
rill, of the State of Maine.
Mr. BA.RR moved to amend, by making the
pension commence from 1st January, 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
what is the special reason why the additional
pension would not be given at the Department?
Tlio CHAIRMAN. The report has been read.
By unanimous consent the report can be read
again.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. On that statement
the Pension Office would give the additional pen-
sion.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia object?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to know
why the Pension Office could not allow this ad-
ditional pension.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to the bill?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must do it unless
it be explained. It is a trifle, to be sure, but then
the law provides for it. I object.
MARTHA SANDERSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 529) granting a pension to
Martha Sanderson, widow of Major Winslow F.
Sanderson.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move to amend by re-
ducing the pension from thirty-five to twenty-five
dollars.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am conscientiously op-
posed to the passage of this bill, because I do not
want this new principle to be established. But if
it is understood that we shall have the yeas and
nays on it in the House, so that I can put my vote
on record, I will not object.
Mr. COX. There will be no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. Is it understood that there
shall be a vote on this bill in the House ?
Mr. M1LLSON. I object to that. That is a
mattertobe determined by one fifth of thePIouse,
and not by unanimous consent.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I object to the bill.
JANE YATES.
A bill (H. R. No. 530) granting a pension to
Jane Yates.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
j.lace the name of Jane Yates on the invalid pen-
sion roll of the United States, at the rate of four
dollars per month, to commence on the 1st of
January, 1860, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
The report was read. Itappears therefrom that
Samuel Yates became a volunteer in a company of
Pennsylvania volunteers, commanded by Captain
Thomas Collens, m the war of 1812 ; that at that
time Yates was a sound, healthy, able-bodied man,
twenty-two years of age; that he and Jane Yates
were engaged to be married when he went into
the service, should he ever live to return; that he
returned in feeble health; thathe received a wound
in his foot while in the line of his duty, in conse-
quence of which he was rendered and became an
invalid for life, and totally disabled to obtain his
own subsistence from manual laborduringhis life;
that after her marriage with him his wife was, in
consequence of his inability, compelled to do an
unusual amount of physical labor, and enduro
hardships and privations from 1817 to his death,
in 1845. She is in indigent circumstances, and
though old and well-nigh worn out, is compelled
to procure a sustenance by hard labor. The rec-
ords of the Pension Officc show that her claim was
recognized at that department, and that she re-
ceived for her husband's services bounty land
warrant No. 20846, for one hundred and sixty
acres. It does not appear that she ever applied
for a pension.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
JAMES C. MYERS.
A bill (Ii. R. No. 531) granting an invalid pen-
sion to James C. Myers.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of James C. Myers on the invalid
pension rolls of the United States, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the 1st
of January, 1860, and to continue during his nat-
ural life.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
James C. Myers volunteered in the Tennessee
volunteers, in the company commanded by Cap-
tain John I. Reese, in 1847, to serve in the Mex-
ican war; that he served through that war faith-
fully, and was honorably discharged by reason
of disability incurred in the line of his duty; that
while with the Army in Mexico he was assigned
to picket-guard duty at the Nati onal Bridge,where,
in consequence of so many of the troops being
sick, he was compelled to do double duty. The
exposure and severity of this service brought
on diarrhea and rheumatism. He went to the
hospital, and remained disabled and affiicted till
the return of the Army. He then returned home
emaciated and totally unfit to perform military
duty, or to provide a living for himself by man-
ual labor, and has continued so disabled to the
present time. His application to the Pension
Office was rejected, for what cause does not ap-
pear.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
:RICHARD M. HADEN.
A bill (H. R. No. 532) granting a pension to
Richard M. Haden.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secretary
of the Interior to placc the name of Richard M.
Haden, of the county of Bledsoe, Tennessee, on
the naval pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, for life, commencing from the 1st of
January, 1860.
The report was read. It appears therefrom
that Richard M. Haden was a soldier in the war
of 1812; that he volunteered under Captain Mica
Tarel; afterwards Captain Tarel was elected colo-
nel of the seventh regiment, and Thomas Miller
was elected captain in his place. The regiment
was a part*of the thir l brigrade, commanded by
John E. King. The brigade marched to Canada,
was engaged in the battle of the Thames, where
he was wounded in the leg. Three musket shot
struck his leg, fracturing the bone. After he re-
turned home, being discharged, his wound healed
up, and he suffered but little from it for some
time; but m a few years it broke out, making a
permanent sore, and has made him a confirmed
cripplc, having to use crutches. His fellow-sol-
diers, who knew that he received the wound in
battle, as far as he knows are dead. He is about
seventy-seven years old, is entirely disabled, and
lives upon the chanty of the world. He received
two land warrants, one for forty acres, the other
for one hundred and twenty acres, several years^
since. Twenty-nine gentlemen of the county of
Bledsoe, where Haden resides, certify that they
are well acquainted with him, and that they be-
lieve his statement to be true. Two physicians
