1434
THE: CONGRESSIOJMIi GLOBE.
March, 29,
of certain events in, Kansas. I hope, therefore,
that he will not press this matter before the mid-
dle of next week. By Monday evening or Tues-
day I can have my report ready, but not before
that.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I am indifferent as
to the disposition which shall now be made of this
bill, provided that too great delay does not occur.
A motion to recommit is pending.
Mr. GROW. Allow me to move that the ma-
jority and minority reports be printed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Well, the motion
to print is debatable, and 1 desire to debate it for
two minutes. I have a thorough contcmpt for that
equivocal position which sometimes adds so much
factitious importance to a member of this House,
because of any uncertainty which may exist as to
the action he shall take upon important measures;
and to relieve myself fromany such doubt, I desire
.to say one word upon this subject now. "When a
candidate in 1858, before the people who have hon-
ored me with a seat here, 1 said that whenever
Kansas should present a republican form of con-
stitution, framed by a convention assembled and
acting under any valid law of her Territorial Legis-
lature, and submitted to and approved by a fair
and honest vote of her people, she should have
my support for immediate admission, whether she
had iust ninety-three thousand inhabitants or not.
Ancfat the last session, when a bill for the admis-
sion of Oregon was pending in this House, I said
that whenever Kansas should come as Oregon had
come, peaceably, orderly,and with a constitution
expressing the will of a majority of her inhabit-
ants, legally and honestly ascertained, I would
voteforheradmisaion. These pledges, sir, I pro-
pose now to make good. Kansas is here, having
complied, in my judgment, substantially with
those several conditions; and upon all motions
made in good faith, whether direct or incidental,
I shall so vote as to secure her early admission
into the Union of these States. As a gentleman,
as a man of honor, independent of every other
consideration, I am bound so to vote.
Having said thus much, and leaving her here to
the motherly nurture and solicitude of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] skilled as
he is, too, in civil obstetrics, I now bid farewell—
" A word tlint hath hftnn and must
A sound that uinlces us linger, yet tarcweU"
forever to " bleeding Kansas." [A laugh.]
Mr. GROW. I have been appealed to by gen-
tleman on the other side of the Mouse to fix a
longer time, before which this bill is not to come
up for consideration. Now, Mr. Speaker, I make
this proposition, and ask the unanimous consent
of the I louse for its adoption: that tin: majority
and minority reports may lie printed, and the bill
be postponed until Wednesday next, with the un-
derstanding that it shall bo taken up then imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal, and that
after a reasonable time for debate, it shall be voted
on directly, without any unnecessary delay.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am willing, so
far as I am concerned, that that day shall befixed
for the consideration of the bill.
Mr. GARNETT. I wish to say simply, in
reply to mv honorable friend from Ohio, who
has just addressed the House, [Mr. Vai.landiq-
iiah] 
Mr, GROW. Mr. Speaker, who has the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania had yielded the floor.
Mr. GROW. Not at all. I am entitled to the
floor for one hour upon this bill, having reported it,
and having, therefore, the right to open the debate;
and 1 propose to occupy the iloor for that time,
unless the House comes to some agreement upon
the question of postponement.
Mr. GARNETT, and Mr. DAVIS of Indiana,
addressed Mr. Gno w, requesting him to yield the
floor.
Mr. GB.OW. Gentlemen appeal to me to yield
the floor. I will yield first to the gentleman from
Virginia for a minute, and then to the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. GARNETT. I have no objection to this
bill being made the order for any day which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania desires. Butlwish
to say this—for I shall not address the House
upon this bill: that the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] I believe, was not a
member of this House when what is called the
" English bill" passed this House; and therefore
he is not bound by any pledge to vote against the
the admission of Kansas, in violation of that act.
Now, sir, it is perfectly well known that the votes
of members from the section of the Union from
which I come were given for that bill only in con-
sideration that, if Kansas did not come into the
Union under that constitution, she was not to
come in until it had been ascertained that she con-
tained a population of ninety-three thousand in-
habitants. Now, sir, I have always held that
legislative compromises are binding upon nobody
except those who voted for them; but having
voted for that bill, I hold myself—to use the lan-
guage of the gentleman from Ohio—as a gentle-
man and as a man of honor, bound to vote against
any bill which violates the. provisions of the
" English" bill.
Mr. GROW. I hope gentlemen will not, upon
this question of postponement, undertake to enter
into any arguments upon the merits of the bill. I
now yield the floor, for a few minutes, to the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I will not occupy
one minute. I shall vote for the admission of
Kansas into the Union on the first favorable op-
portunity, and that vote will be perfectly consist-
ent with my whole political life; but I will sug-
gest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether
it will not be better for all parties that this bill
should be postponed until two weeeks from to-
day.
Mr. GROW. I will say to the gentleman from
Indiana that this bill is the regular order of busi-
ness; and I proposed, after a day or two for discus-
sion, to have called the previous question upon it;
but the gentleman from Missouri, who represents
the minority of the Committee on Territories,
asks for a little more time to prepare his minority
report.
Mr. WINSLO W. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
Mr. GROW. I will first make this proposi-
tion, and then I will relievo the House from fur-
ther colloquies upon the subject: I move that the
bill be postponed until Tuesday next, and that
the majority and minority reports be printed.
Mr. vVlNSLOW. I nslc whether the morning
has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has. Is there any objec-
tion to the proposition that the bill be postponed
until Tuesday next, and, with the majority and
minority reports, be printed?
Mr. HINDMAN, Mr. DAVIDSON, Mr.
MAYNARD, and others, objected.
Mr. GROW. I then give notice that this bill
will come up on Tuesday next as the regular
order of business
Mr. WASVIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
discussion will go on now, and the bill be dis-
posed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to aquestionof order.
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 am willing to withdraw
my objection to the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a question of
order. I want to know how the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] was deprived of the
floor?
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask for a decision upon
my point of order. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was upon the floor, and it is not com-
petent for any gentleman to take the floor from
him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor, and if he does not
yield, it is not competent for any gentleman to
take the floor from him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
It is this: During the morning hour reports from
committees are received under the rule and acted
upon; but at the expiration of the morning hour,
no matter who is upon the floor in the transaction
of the morning business, any gentleman may in-
terrupt him and move to go to the business on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move now to proceed to
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BURNETT. Like the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] I am ready to meet
this question; and I do not want any postpone-
ment. I want the matter settled. I am ready, so
far as I am concerned, to vote upon it now. I
have no fear of taking the responsibility for the
vote I shall give.in reference to Kansas.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have as little fear of voting
upon the question as the gentleman .from" Ken-
tucky whenever", it comes up in order; but the
morning hour has expired, the motion I have made
is in order, and I insist upon it.
Mr. HINDMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will waive his motion, and let this Kan-
sas question be disposed of in some way. X do
not want to shelter any presidential aspirant be-
hind this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. .1 am as far from-wanting to
shelter any presidential candidate as the gentle-
man.
Mr. HINDMAN. I know of no aspirant that
it would shelter, except Judge Douglas; and he
is the last man I should want to shelter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
PROTEST 01 TIIE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask that, by the consent of
the House, the message from the President, which
was received this morning, and which now lies
upon the Speaker's table, be taken up and con-
sidered.
Mr. GROW. Is there a motion pending to go
to the business upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. GROW. I want to be satisfied ofthatfact;
for if there is such a motion pending, I am not
entitled to the floor; otherwise I am.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that we take up the
message of the President of the United States,
which came to us this morning.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Several Members. Certainly not.
The SPEAKER. The message will be taken
up and read.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I object. [Cries of
" It is too late!" from the Democratic benches.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
objection comes too late.
'The Clerk then read the message, as follows:
To the House of Representatives :
After a delay which has afforded me ample time
for reflection, and after much and careful deliber-
ation, I find myself constrained by an imperious
sense of duty, as a coordinate branch of the Fed-
eral Government, to protest against the first two
clauses of the first resolution adopted by the
House of Representatives, on the 5th instant, and
published in the Congressional Globe on the suc-
ceeding day. These clauses are in the following
words :
" Resolved, That a committee of five members be ap-
pointed by the Speaker, for the purpose [first] of investi-
gating whether the President of the United States, or any
other oflieeruf the Government, has, by money, patronage,
or other improper means, sought to influence the action of
Congress, or any committee thereof, for or against the pass-
age of any law appertaining to the rights of any State or
Territory ; [and second,] also to inquire into and investi-
gate whether any officer or officers of the Government have,
by combination or otherwise, prevented or defeated, or at-
tempted to prevent or defeat, the execution of any law or
law* now upon the statute-book, and whether the Presi-
dent has failed or refused to compel the execution of any
law thereof."
I confine myself exclusively to these two
branches of the resolution; because the portions
of it which follow relate to alleged abuses in post
offices, navy-yards, public buildings, and other
public works of the United States. In such cases
inquiries arc highly proper in themselves, and
belong equally to the Senate and the House, as
incident to their legislative duties, and being
necessary to enahle them to discover and to pro-
vide the appropriate legislative remedies for any
abuses which may be ascertained. Although the
terms of the latter portion of the resolution are
extremely vague and general, yet my sole pur-
pose in adverting to them at present is to mark
the broad line of distinction between the accusa-
tory and remedial clauses of this resolution. The
House of Representatives possess no power under
the Constitution over the first or accusatory por-
tion of the resolution, except as an impeaching
body; whilst over the last, in common with the
Senate, their authority as a legislative body is
fully and cheerfully admitted.
It is solely in reference to the first or impeach-
