I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
ing power that I propose to make a few observa-
tions. Except in this single ease, the Constitu-
tion has invested the House of Representatives
with no power, no jurisdiction, no supremacy
whatever over the President. In all other respects
he is quite as independent of them as they are of
him. As a coordinate branch of the Government,
he is their equal. Indeed, he is the only direct
representative on earth of the people of all and
each of the sovereign States. To them, and to
them alone,;is he responsible whilst acting within
the sphere of his constitutional duty; and not in
,ony manner to the House of Representatives.
The people have thought proper to invest him
with the most honorable, responsible, and digni-
fied office in the world; and the individual, how-
ever unworthy, now holding this exalted position,
will take care, so far as in him lies, that their
rights and prerogatives shall never be violated in
his person;" but shall pass to his successors un-
impaired by the adoption of a dangerous prece-
dent. He will defend them to the last extremity
against any unconstitutional attempt, come from
what quarter it may, to abridge the constitutional
rights of the Executive, and render him subser-
vient to any human power except themselves.
The people have not confined the President to
the exercise of executive duties. They have also
conferred upon him a large measure of legislative
discretion. No bill can become a law without
his approval as representing the people of the
United States, unless it shall pass after his veto
by a majority of two thirds of both Houses. In
his legislative capacity, he might, in common
with the Senate and the House, institute an in-
quiry to ascertain any facts which ought to influ-
ence his judgment in approving or vetoing any
bill.
This participation in the performance of legis-
lative duties between the coordinate branches of
the Government ought to inspire the conduct of
all of them, in their relations towards each other,
with mutual forbearance and respect. At least,
each has a right to demand justice from the other.
The cause of complaint is, that the constitutional
rights and immunities of the Executive have been
violated in the person of the President.
The trial of an impeachment of the President
before the Senate on charges preferred and pros-
ecuted against him by the House of Represent-
atives, would- be an imposing spectacle for the
world. In the result not only his removal from
the presidential office would be involved, but what
is of infinitely greater importance to himself, his
character, both in the eyes of the present and of
future generations, might possibly be tarnished.
The disgrace cast upon him would in some de-
gree be reflected upon the character of the Amer-
ican people who elected him. Hence the precau-
tions adopted by the Constitution to secure a fair
trial. On such a trial it declares that " the chief
justice shall preside." This was doubtless be-
cause the framers of the Constitution believed it
to bo possible that the Vice President might be
biased by the fact that, "in case of the removal
of the President from office," "the same shall
devolve on the Vice President."
The preliminary proceedings in the House in
the case of charges which may involve impeach-
ment have been well and wisely settled by long
practice upon principles of equal justice, both to
the accused and to the people. The precedent
established in the case of Judge Peck, of Mis-
souri, in 1831, after a careful review of all former
precedents, will, I venture to predict, stand the
test of time. In that case, Luke Edward Law-
less, the accuser, presented a petition to the House,
in which he set forth minutely and specifically his
causes of complaint. He prayed " that the con-
duct and proceedings in tins behalf of said Judge
Peck may be inquired into by your honorable
body, and such decision made thereon as to your
wisdom and justice shall seem proper." This
petition was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Such has ever been deemed the appropriate com-
mittee to make similar investigations. It is a
standing committee, supposed to be appointed
without reference to any special case, and at all
times is presumed to be composed of the most
eminent lawyers in the House from different por-
tions of the Union, whose acquaintance with ju-
dicial proceedings and whose habits of investi-
gation qualify them peculiarly for the task. No
tribunal, from their position and character, could,
in the nature of things, be more impartial. In
the case of Judge Peck, the witnesses were selected
by the committee itself, with a view to ascertain
the truth of the charge. They were cross-exam-
ined by him,"and everything was conducted in
such a manner as to afford him no reasonable
cause of complaint.
In view of this precedent, and, what is of far
greater importance, in tiew of the Constitution
and the principles of eternal justice, in what man-
ner has the President of the United States been
treated by the House of Representatives ? Mr.
John Coyode, a Representative from Pennsylva-
nia, is the accuser of the President. Instead of
following the wise precedents of former times, and
especially that in the case of Judge Peck, and re-
ferring the accusation to the Committee on the
Judiciary, the House have made my accuser one
of my judges. To make the accuser the judge is
a violation of the principles of universal justice,
and is condemned by the practice of all civilized
nations. Every freeman must revolt at such a
spectacle. I am to appear before Mr. Covode,
either personally or by a substitute, to cross-ex-
amine the witnesses which he may produce before
himselfto sustain his own accusations against me;
and perhaps even this poor boon may be denied
to the President.
And what is the nature of the investigation
which his resolution proposes to institute ? It is
as vague and general as the English language af-
fords words in which to make it. The commit-
tee is to inquire, not into any specific charge
or charges, but whether the President has, by
" money, patronage, or other improper means,
sought to influence," not the action of any indi-
vidual member or members of Congress, but "the
action" of the entire body "of Congress" itself,
"or any committee thereof." The President
might have had some glimmering of the nature of
the" offense to be investigated, had his accuser
pointed to the act or acts of Congress which he
sought to pass or to defeat by the employment of
"money, patronage, or other improper means."
But the accusation is bounded by no such limits.
It, extends to the whole circle of legislation; to
interference " for or against the passage of any
law appertaining to the rights of any State orTer-
ritory." And what law does not appertain to the
rights of some State or Territory ? And what law
or laws has the President failed to execute? These
might easily have been pointed out had any such
existed.
Had Mr. Lawless asked an inquiry to be made
by the House whether Judge Peck, in general
terms, had not violated his judicial duties, without
the specification of any particular act, I do not be-
lieve there would have been a single vote in that
body in favor of the inquiry.
Since the time of the Star Chamber and of gen-
eral warrants, there has been no such proceeding
in England.
The House of Representatives, the high im-
peaching power of the country, without consent-
ing to hear a word of explanation, have indorsed
this accusation against the President, and made
it their own act. They even refused to permit a
member to inquire of the President's accuser what
were the specific charges against him. Thus in
this preliminary accusation of " high crimes and
misdemeanors" against a coordinate branch of
the Government, under the impeaching power,
the House refused to hear a single suggestion
even in regard to the correct mode of proceeding;
but, without a moment's delay, passed the accus-
atory resolutions under the pressure of the pre-
vious question.
In the institution of a prosecution for any of-
fense against the most humble citizen—and I claim
for myself no greater rights than he enjoys—the
Constitutions of the United States and of the sev-
eral States require that he shall be informed, m the
very beginning, of the nature and cause of the ac-
cusation against him, in order to enable him to
prepare for his defense. There are other princi-
ples which I might enumerate, not less sacred,
presenting an impenetrable shield to protect every
citizen falsely charged with a criminal offense.
These have been violated in the prosecution in-
stituted by the House of Representatives against
the executive branch of the Government. Shall
the President alone be deprived of the protection
of these great principles which prevail in every
land where a ray of liberty penetrates the gloom
of despotism? Shall the Executive alone be de-
prived of rights which all his' fellow-eitizens en-
joy ? The whole proceeding against him justifies
the fears of those wise and great men who, before
the Constitution was adopted by the States, appre-
hended that the tendency of fhe Government was
to the aggrandizement of the legislative at the ex-
pense of the executive and jutfifcial departments.
1 again declare, emphatically, 'that ! make this
protest for no reason personalto myself; and I do
it with perfect respect for the House ofRejjre-
sentatives, in which I had the honor of serviri^ as
a member for five successive term's. I have lived
long in this goodly land, and have enjoyed all
the offices and honors which my country could
bestow. Amid all the political storms through
which I have passed, the present is the first at-
tempt which has ever been made, to my knowl-
edge, to assail my personal or official integrity;
and this as the time is approaching when I shall
voluntarily retire from the service of my country.
I feel proudly conscious that there is no public
act of my life which will not bear the strictest
scrutiny. I defy all investigation. Nothing but
the basest perjury can sully my good name. I do
not fear even this; because I cherish an humble
confidence that thegraciousBeing who has hitherto
defended and protected me against the shafts of
falsehood and malice, will not desert me nofr,
when I have become " old and gray-headed." I
can declare before God and my country, that no
human being (with an exception scarcely worthy
of notice) has, at any period of my life, dared to
approach me with a corrupt or dishonorable prop-
osition; and, until recent developments, it had
never entered into my imagination that any per-
son, even in the storm of exasperated political
excitement, would charge me, in the most remote
degree, with having made such a proposition to
any human being. I may now, however,exclaim,
in the language of complaint employed by my first
and greatest predecessor, that I have been abused
" in such exaggerated and indecent terms as could
scarcely be applied to a Nero, to a notorious de-
faulter, or even to a common pickpocket."
I do, therefore, for the reasons stated, and in
the name of the people of the several States, sol-
emnly protest against these proceedings of the
House of Representatives, because they are in
violation of the rights of the coordinate executive
branch of the Government, and subversive of its
constitutional independence; because they are cal-
culated to foster a band of interested parasites and
informers, ever ready, for their own advantage,
to swear before ex parte committees to pretended
private conversations between the President and
themselves, incapable, from their nature, of being
disproved; thus furnishing material for harassing
him, degrading him in the eyes of the country,
and eventually, should he be a weak or a timid
man, rendering him subservient to improper in-
fluences, in order to avoid such persecutions and
annoyances; because they tend to destroy that
harmonious action for the common good, which
ought to be maintained, and which I sincerely de-
sire to cherish, between coordinate branches of
the Government; and finally, because, if unre-
sisted, they would establish a precedent danger-
ous and embarrassing to all my successors, to
whatever political party they might be attached.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, march 28,1860.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the President
of the United States has made, for the first time,
a protest against the exercise by the House of
Representatives of one of its most important con-
stitutional powers. I am willing to give to his
communication all the consideration which its
gravity demands. I am willing that this House
may now consider whether or not it has the
power to investigate anything and everything
which may be wrongly done by any officer of the
executive branch of the Government; because, if
the privilege of exemption which the President
now sets up for himself belongs to him, then it ex-
tends to and attaches to every subordinate under
him.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that the President, Vice President, and all civil
officers of the United States shall be removed from
office on impeachment for, and conviction of, trea-
son, bribery, and other high crimes and misde-
meanors. It further declares, in' another clause,
