2B80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
viding for such cases now. Why cannot he go
to the Naval Asylum ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Permit me to say that this
man is blind and helpless. He can go inter the
Naval Asylum, but it will cost twenty dollars a
month to support him there, and we propose to
give him only eight dollars a month, and let him
go home and live with his old wife.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. 1 move to
amend the bill by striking out " natural," so that
it will read " during his life." The word natural
is unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
HESTER SERGEANT BARTON.
A bill (H. R. N o. 546) granting a pension to Hes-
ter Sergeant Barton. [Objected to by Mr. Barr.]
EDWARD REMERY.
A bill (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Edward
Rumery. [Objected to by Mr. Hoard.]
MRS. FERGUSON SMITH.
A bill (H. R. No. 548) for the relief of Mrs.
Ferguson Smith. [Objected to by Mr, Noell.]
HEIRS OE MARY BULLOCK.
A bill (H. R. No. 549) for the relief of the heirs
of Mary Bullock.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secretary
of the Interiorto place the name of Mary Bullock,
late of Georgia, deceased, the widow of Daniel
Bullock, a revolutionary soldier, on the revolu-
tionary pension roll, at the rate of forty dollars
per annum; and that the pension be paid to her
heirs from the 4th of March, 1831, to 29th May,
1845, the day of her death.
The Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
report that it appears from the evidence filed that
Mary Bullock, of Georgia, was married to Dan-
iel Bullock, in North Carolina, on the 14th of
June, 1777; that subsequently to the marriage
Daniel was drafted into the militia service for
nine months, and marched northward to Phila-
delphia and New York; that he entered the service
in the company commanded by Captain Ctuinn,
in Colonel Hogan's regiment; that he remained
in the service about one year. The fact of mar-
riage before the service is abundantly proved,and,
in addition to the evidence of the witnesses as to
his service, (oneof whom, John Ford, served with
him,) there is record evidence from the comptroller
of North Carolina of about one year's scrvicc.
Daniel Bullock died in January, 1821, leaving
Mary Bullock, his widow, who also died on the
S9tli of May, 1845, never having again married.
That the widow applied on the 11th of March,
1843, for a widow's pension, underact of 4th Ju-
ly, 183G, at the Pension Office, and that her appli-
cation was rejected. That Mary Bullock, at her
death, left several children, and also a number of
grandchildren of her husband and herself. That
letters of administration, m due form of law, were
issued out of the court of ordinary for the county
of Bibb, Georgia, on the 6th of June, 1853, to
Robert S. Lanier, Esq.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
CHILDREN OF GEORGE WALKER.
A bill (H. R. No. 550) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of George Walker, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Gartrkll.]
Mr. CRxlWFORD moved that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. PEYTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Petton and
Hocthins were appointed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. At the request of several
gentlemen, I withdraw the motion, but I am sat-
isfied that we have passed more bills already than
there is or will be money in the Treasury to pay.
We have considered one hundred and fifty bills,
which is more than was ever done in any preced-
ing Congress.
Mr. CURTIS. That only shows that this is
the most laborious House that ever sat here.
CHARLES E. ANDERSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 551) for the relief of Charles
E. Anderson. [Objected to by Mr. Thomas.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. £ hope the
gentleman fron#Tennessee will withdraw his ob-
jection. Thisgentleman performed these services,
and the Department says he ought to be paid.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to debate.
JEREMIAH MOORS.
An act (S. No. 80) for the relief of Jeremiah
Moors.
Mr. THOMAS. I desire to have read a report
which was made in this case in the Twenty-Ninth
Congress, and I invite the attention of the com-
mittee to it. ,
Mr. HUGHES. I object to the reading, if the
gentleman intends to object to the bill.
Mr. THOMAS. Then I object to the bill.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move that the committee
do now rise. It is evident that we cannot do any-
thing.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had had the
Private Calendar under consideration, and had
directed him to report the following bills to the
House, some with and some without amendments,
and with a recommendation that they do pass:
A bill (H. R. No. 524) for the relief of J. R.
Crump;
A bill (H. R. No. 527) for the relief of Julius
Martin;
An act (S. No. 60) for the relief of Mrs. Agatha
O'Brien, widow of BrevetMajor J.P. J. O'Brien,
late of the United States Army; *
A bill (H. II. No. 528) for the relief of Beda
Hayes, widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby,
Hartford county, Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 530) granting a pension to
Jane Yates;
A bill (H. R. No. 531) granting an invalid pen-
sion to James C. Myers;
A bill (H. R. No. 532) granting a pension to
Richard M. Haden;
A bill (H. R. No. 533) granting a pension to
Adriene Rich, of Habersham county, Georgia;
A bill (H. R. No. 534) granting a pension to
John P. Smith, of Habersham county, Georgia;
A bill (H. R. No. 70) granting a pension to
John Jackson, an invalid soldier;
A bill (H. R. No. 542) for the relief of Effisia
C. Do May, widow of Charles F. V. De May,
late a dragoon in the Army of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 544) granting a pension to
Rufus Call, jr., a soldier in the late war with Great
Britain;
A bill (II. R. No. 545) granting a pension to
Gregory Patti; and
A bill (H. R. No. 549) for the relief of the
heirs of Mary Bullock.
Also, that the committee had directed him to
report to the House, with a recommendation that
they be laid on the table:
A bill (H. R. No. 526) for the relief of George
G. Dunham; and
A bill (H. R. No. 539) granting a pension to
Edward Lee, late of the United States Army.
Mr. TAPPAN moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole was, by general consent, concurred in
with respect to all the bills, with the exception of
bills of the House Nos. 524 and 528.
Bills of the House Nos. 526 and 539 were laid
upon the table; and the amendments made in
Committee of the Whole having been concurred
in, the remaining bills severally went through
their various stages, and were passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bills were passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The Utter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM HIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
Mr. James Buchanan, his Private Secretary.
J. R. CRUMP.
When the bill (H. R. No. 524) for the relief
of J. R. Crump was reached in its order, while
the titles of the bills were being read, pending
the demand for the previous question,
Mr. BURNETT said: That bill, in my judg-
ment, ought not to pass the House in its present
shape. I examined the case attentively this morn-
ing; and I would state that the report, together
with the letter of the gentleman in whose employ-
ment this party was, shows conclusively that the
only equitable claim which he has is to $205.
Mr. TAPPAN. Debate is not in order, the
previous question having been demanded.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I ask for a separate
vote on the bill.
Subsequently, when the House proceeded to
consider the bill,
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, said: I move
to strike out the amount contained in the bill, and
to insert in lieu thereof "$205," that being the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Kentucky, who is not now in his seat.
Mr. BUFFINTON called for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers-reported—
ayes 30, noes 89.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BEDA HAYES.
When the bill (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of
BedaHayes, widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby,
Hartford county, Connecticut, 'came up in its
order,
Mr. LOOMIS objected to the amendment rec-
ommended by the Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOOMIS. Since that amendment has been
adopted, another amendment is absolutely neces-
sary. This widow Hayes already has a pension
of twenty dollars, and this sixty dollars was to
be in lieu of that; and the last line of the bill was
put in in consequence of the other clause, which
lias been stricken out, to wit: " to commence
from the death of her husband." The effect of
the bill,as it now stands, will be to takeaway ths
pension she already has. I move to strike out
the words " deducting therefrom such sum as she
may have received."
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was subsequently passed, together with the other
bills reported by the Committee of the Whola
House.
THE COOLY TRADE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from th«
President of the United States: '
To the House of Representatives :
In compliance with a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 21st instant, requesting any informa-
tion recently received respecting the Chinese cooly trade,
which has not been hoi etofore communicated to Congress,
I transmit a report from the Secretary of State, with the
documents which accompany it.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, May 28,1860.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, the communication
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to bo printed.
WILLIAM B.SHUBRICK.
Mr. WINSLOW. Yesterday Senate bill No.
295, for the relief of William B. Shubrick was
reported back from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and laid upon the table. I ask, as a favor
of the House, that it may be taken up and recom-
mitted to the committee.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STALLWORTH, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill granting public lands in alternate
sections to the State of Alabama, to aid in the
construction of the SelmaandGulf railroad; which
was rpad a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STALLWORTH also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the relief of the inhab-
itants of township eighteen, range three east, in
the county of Marengo, Alabama; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
ERASTUS HDTCIIINS. .
Mr. TOMPKINS. I ask the unanimous con-
