THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
thatthisHouseof Representatives shall have the
sole power of impeachment. Under these clauses
ihis House, sir, has the right to examine into
anything which may affect the conduct of any
public officer .under this Government, from- the
Chief Executive down to the little page who runs
your errands upon :this floor. Every one of the
officers of this Government is subjected to the
.power of.this House. But the Presiuent says that
we cannot make our inquiries but in one way,
and that is by preferring articles of impeachment.
How will you find an impeachment > How will
yqu prepare articles of impeachment? How will
ypu take preliminary proof necessary to ascer-
tain whether an officer of this Government has
violated his duty ? Only, sir, by preliminary
examination. There is no other way. It is only
by taking testimony you can ascertain whether
or not there is good ground to charge that an of-
ficer of the Government has violated his public
duty.. How else can we do it ?
_ What does the President of the United States
gravely ask us to,do in the message which has
just been read ? That this high judicial body shall
find an impeachment upon mere rumor. Shall we,
upon the mere rumors which are circulating in
the newspapers and upon the streets find anim-
peachment? The very necessity of the case im-
plies that we have a right to investigate all charges
made in the public prints and elsewhere. If it is
alleged that (he President has been seriously and
improperly connected with certain transactions,
we have a right in this House to inquire into the
probable truth of these things. If we find that
thoy are probably true, then it is our duty to prefer
articles of impeachment against the President at
the bar of the Senate.
Why, sir, we have examined into the conduct
of our own members—into the conduct of a Sen-
ator; we have the right to inquire into the con-
duct of any of the officers of this Government;
and shall the President escape? At the last ses-
sion of Congress, indeed at almost every session
of Congress, the conduct of some executive offi-
cer has been inquired into. What provision of
the Constitution exempts the President from this
inquiry ? What distinction is there between him
and tho members of this House? Do not I stand
upon the same constitutional right, as the Repre-
sentative of one hundred thousand people, as the
President of the United States does as the repre-
sentative of millions ? I have the same constitu-
tional right, and am subject to the same mode of
trial for malfeasance or nonfeasance—110 more, 110
less. So wjth every officer of this Government.
There is no exception made in favor of the Pres-
ident.
Mr. Speaker, the doctrine set up by the Pres-
ident of the United Suites in this message is the
same under which Europe was governed for a
thousand years—that the King can do 110 wrong.
Tlutt is the doctrine—that the King could not be
tried and executed, because the King could do no
wrong. Charles I. went to the block, because
the people of England believed that the King was
not above and beyond their power. So it was
with Louis XVI. and the French people. This
doctrine set up by the President of the United
States is, in my judgment, the very worst that
has been enunciated since the foundation of this
Republic. His conduct not to be inquired into!
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. Will the
gentleman allow me to say a word?
•Mr. SHERMAN. I would prefer to go on
without interruption.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. It strikes
me that the gentlemar is making a most extraor-
dinary argument. The President does not deny
the power of this House to inquire into his con-
duct, and therefore tho gentleman's argument
upon that point falls to the ground. The Pres-
ident only refers to tho mode of investigation.
He admits that the House has the right to im-
peach him, as the gentleman alleges. He only
denies that his accusers, who make the charges,
should also be the judges to inquire into and de-
cide upon them. He insists that they are not the
proper persons to inaugurate the neccssary pro-
ceedings m order to put him upon his trial before
the Senate. There is no issue between the Pres-
ident and tho gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] on the point to which the gentleman is now
speaking—none, except in the gentleman's im-
agination. I have felt, as there are no charges
made against the President, that I could not re-
main silent and allow to pass uncontradicted from
this side the allegations which have recently been
made.
Mr.'SHERMAN.- I must have misunderstood
the tenor of the President's communication, if he
does not deny the power of this House to appoint
a committee of investigation like that whiph was
raised the other day upon motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania,, [Mr. Covode.]
Mr. CRAIGE, :of North Carolina. That is
true, sir; but he does- not deny the right of the
House to impeach. He does not deny that, but
he says that the Committee on the Judiciary is
the proper tribunal, and not Mr. Covode's com-
mittee, to institute proceedings.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already answered
the position taken by the gentleman from North
Carolina, and he could not have listened to me.
The President objects to the mode ! That is it—
the mode! What other mode shall wo follow ?
How else shall wo investigate as to whether we
shall or shall not impeach an officer of this Gov-
ernment ? I do not speak of the merits of these
accusations. How else shall we inquire as to
whether we shall or shall not impeach, except by
an investigation before a committee?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Let the
matter go to the Committee 011 the Judiciary, ns
has been done in all previous cases of impeach-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. - Here, then, is the position
which the gentleman assumes. He says that the
Presiden t says wo must refer this matter to a stand-
ing committee—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Shall the President of the United States tell us
what we shall refer to a select committee, and
what to a standing committee of this House?
Why, sir, we, can refer to a select committee or to
a standing committee, or to a single member, if we
choose, and the President of the United States
has no right to take exception to our action. We
have appointed five members of this House, of all
political parties, to examine into the truth ofthese
allegations made against the President, and when
that committee reports to this House, it is tl\en
for us to decide whether the accusations are well
or ill founded, and not before.
Mr. Speaker, Ihave said more than I intended.
As the President has entered his protest, I am
willing that this House shall take uphis challenge.
I am willing to inquire into the power of this
House ;and I therefore submit the motion that the
President's message be referred to the Committee
011 the Judiciary, with Icaire to report at any time,
by resolution, bill, or otherwise. I also move
that the message be printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker, inasmuch as I
was the member of the House who moved that
the President's message be taken up for considera-
tion, the courtesy usually prevailing in the House
would have extended the floor to mo to move for
its disposition. I do not say this m any spirit of
complaint of the Speaker, because I know he is
not, and lias not had an opportunity to be, versed
in the unwritten and customary rules of procedure
which have obtained among us. But the older
members of the House—and no member better
than the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman]—
know that tho member who brings forward a
proposition, or calls up a communication, is, by
courtesy, entitled to make the motion for the dis-
position of the subject. So much for that point.
I do not object, sir, to the opportunity which
has been afforded to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] to make the remarks he has. I
propose now to submit a very few observations
in reply—I hope with the spirit of calmness, and
with the dignity becoming the occasion. This is
an important message. It is one calculated to ex-
cite a great deal of attention and interest in the
country, and I hope that the members of the
House of Representatives will come up to its con-
sideration in a mood worthy of the occasion.
When the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Covode] submitted the resolution to the House
which has given rise to this communication from
the Executive, I found myself placed in a very
awkward and embarrassing position. It is always
disagreeable to vote against investigations, be-
cause the country desires purity, and does not
always appreciate the apparently technical, or
really constitutional, difficulties that stand in the
way of such inquiries as this. I wished to sus-
tain all proper investigation; but I was unwilling
to countenance an inquiry like this of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania. As the previous ques-
tion was moved, which cut ofT debate, I stated at
the time that I would vote against the resolution
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and would
give,my reasons at another time. I voted against
that resolution, sir, fo,r reasons which have been
shadowed forth in the message of the President
of the United States.
In my judgment, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has entirely mistaken
the ground upon which the President bases his
protest against the action of the House. He does
not object to our instituting inquiries against him,
with a view to an impeachment. He asks only
that wc shall treat him as we would treat any other
citizen of this country, even the humblest in the
land. Let me ask you, sir; let me ask .the gentle-
man from Ohio; let mo ask every fair and impar-
tial man in this House, whether, in any State in
this Union, or in any other civilized country, a
criminal prosecution can be instituted .against any
man without the sworn declaration of somebody
that there is reason to believe that he has been
guilty ? I ask if upon vague rumor you would
allow a sweeping and general inquiry to be mado
against hkn ? Would you allow a grand jury, with
a view to find an indictment against a man, to call
up a witness and inquire: "Do you know whether
this man has at any time been guilty of anything
which may be set down in the catalogue of crim-
inal action?" Would you do it? Doyoudoitin
Ohio? Do you do it in Pennsylvania? laskgen-
tlemen who have been engaged in prosecutions,
whether even grand juries are allowed to propound
to witnesses interrogatories as to whether they
know anything wrong in the conduct or character
of a man sought to be accuscd, even though he be
the humblest citizen in the community ? I say no.
In the name of law, in the name of justice, and in
the name of common sense, I assert that you do
not do so. What, then, do you do ? You require
specific allegations to be made. You require it to
be asked whether the accused did, at a certain
time, or within certain times, do a certain specific
thing which is criminal, or omit to do .what is le-
gally required of him ?
Now, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Covode] had come forward on that occasion, and
said that he had good reason to believe that the
President of the United States had undertaken, by
I corrupt means, to secure tho passage of a partic-
ular bill through tho Congress of the United States,
I should have been the last man on this floor to
have voted against such investigation. This in-
quiry, 011 the contrary, was based on no sworn
statement; and was vague and indefinite in its
purpose, and sweeping in its range.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him for one moment!
Mr. BOCOCK. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to refer the gentle-
man to a case in the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
where this House expelled two of its members 011
charges very vague, and without being specified.
Mr. BOCOCK.. The charges there were spe-
cific.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not when the original res-
olution of inquiry was adopted. I will send for
the Journal, and examine the matter.
Mr. BOCOCK. According to my recollection,
the accusations were specific and express. At all
events, they were reduccd to that form before the
persons charged were required to answer them.
CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to interrupt him, that I may
propound a question in regard to the Pennsylva-
ma practice?
Mr. BOCOCK. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL.- As the gentleman has re-
ferred to the practicc of grand juries in Pennsyl-
vania, I desire to say that they are sworn on oath
™?tte.rs g*ven them in charge on spe-
cific hills of indictmcnt; but they have also an un-
limited power to make presentments to the court
m regard to such matters and things as may come
within their knowledge. They have a right to
do that without any specific charge having been
sent before that body.
Mr. BOCOCK. I thought the gentleman from
Pennsylvania wanted the floor to propound a
question; is that a question to which he wants an
answer?
