1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2381
sent of the House that the Committee of the
Whole House bo discharged from the further
consideration of House bill No. 446, to grant a
pension to Erastus Hutchins. I was detained
from the House by indisposition yesterday when
objection was made to it, or I think I could have
made such an explanation that the objection
would have been withdrawn.
Mr. PEYTON. I must object to taking up
bills out of their order. They ought all to take
their chances on the Calendar.
Mr. TOMPKINS. The bill was objected to
yesterday in my absence, but the gentleman who
objected has consented to withdraw the objec-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have agreed to
withdraw the objection. It is a small matter.
Mr. PEYTON. As the gentleman from Ohio
was not here yesterday to look after his bill, i
will withdraw my objection.
Mr. GARTRELL moved to amend the bill so
as to make the pension commence on the 1st of
January, 1860.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TOMPKINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS 0E THOMAS MADDIN.
Mr. NOELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
Senate bill No. 49, to grant the right of preemp-
tion to a certain tract of land in the State of Mis-
souri to the heirs and legal representatives of
Thomas Maddm, deceased. The bill does not
grant any money or land, but it gives the right, of
preemption to parties who have been for sixty
• years m possession of the lands they claim, and
they arc to pay for the land at the rate of $1 25
an acre.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NOELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAKTIIA SANDERSON.
On motion of Mr. COX, by unanimous consent,
the Committee of the Whole House was dis-
charged from the further consideration of a bill
(H. R. No. 529) granting a pension to Martha
Sanderson, widow of Major Wmslow F. San-
derson.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. BRANCH, the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 28, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, communicating, in reply to a resolution
of the Senate of the 23d instant, copies of a cir-
cular and of sundry papers on file and record
in that Department, in relation to preemptions to
contractors carrying mails through Territories
west of the Mississippi, under the general pro-
vision for that purpose in the act of Congress ap-
proved March 3,1855, making appropriations for
the scrvice of the Post Office Department; and
also in reference to the special post-route preemp-
tion, under act of 3d of March, 1857; which was,
onmotion of Mr. Polk, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and a motion by him t(> print
was referred to the Committee on Printing*.
GEORGE FISHER.
Mr. IVERSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
amendment of the House of Representatives, to
the joint resolution (S. No. 8) relating to the
claim of George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased,
. to report it back, with a recommendation that the
amendment be concurred in, accompanied by a
short report. I move that the report be printed*,
And I am instructed by the committee to ask that
the Senate take up the joint resolution, and con-
cur in the amendment of the House. It will not
lead to any debate.
The report was ordered to be printed; and the
Senate proceeded to consider the amendment of
the House; which was, to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the joint resolution, and to in-
sert in lieu of it:
That the Secretary of War is hereby authorized and re-
quired to revise his execution of the act of Congress enti-
tled " An act supplemental to an act therein mentioned,"
approved December 2-2, 185-1, lequired of him bv a joint
resolution of Congress approved June 3, 1858, and on said
revision to consider and give effect to all the testimony
filed in said case, including certain depositions formerly
rejected by the Hecond Auditor of the Tiea^ury for want of
authentication, but now duly authenticated, and to restate
and settle the account heretofore stated and settled by him
under said resolution, and to make such corrections in his
said former statement and settlement, and such further
allowances, if any, 011 account of said claim beyond what
has heretoiore been allowed and paid, as in his opinion
justice to the claimant shall icqmre.
The amendment was concurred in.
DES MOINES RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. GRIMES asked , and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 37) confirming the title to certain lands
in the State of Iowa, and for other purposes.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, for the purpose
of drawing the attention of the Committee on
Public Lands to the immediate consideration of
this joint resolution, I ask the indulgence of the
Senate while I state its object.
In 1846, the Government of the United States
granted to the then Territory of Iowa, alternate
sections of land for six miles on each side of the
Des Moines river, for the purpose of improving
the navigation of that stream. According to the
construction given to the act by the Administration
then 111 power, that of Mr. Polk, the limit to the
improvement was to what was called the Raccoon
Forks of the Des Moines or the junction of the
Raccoon river with the Des Mome's river; but Mr.
Young, the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, decided that the grant of land for the im-
provement of this river extended to the sources of
the river. A11 appeal was taken from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, Judge Young,
to Robert J. Wallcer, who was at that time Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and lie concurred in the opin-
ion of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. Thus the matter stood during the admin-
istration of Mr. Polk, and until after the inaugura-
tion of General Taylor. When Mr. Ewing be-
came the Secretary of the Interior Department, he
reversed the decision of his predecessor, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and decided that this grant
only extended to the forks of the Des Moines river.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) Will the Senator pause? It is
impossible to hear what is going on, unless there
be less confusion.
Mr. LANE. I should like to knowwhatisthe
question. Is a bill up for consideration?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa is predicating his remarks on a joint
resolution now pending before the Senate.
Mr. LANE. Has it been taken up this morn-
lr%ie PRESIDING OFFICER. Ithas just been
introduced on leave granted by the Senate.
Mr. LANE. I am very anxious to make a
report.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe I have the floor. If
not, I shall sit down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. The Secretary of the Interior,
Mr. Ewing, reversed the decision of his prede-
cessor, Secretary Walker, and decided that the
grant only extended to the Raccoon Forks. This
decision was referred to the Attorney General of
the United States, Mr. Reverdy Johnson,-who
concurred with Mr. Walker, ana reversed the de-
cision of his colleague in the Cabinet of General
laylor, holding that the grant extended to the
sources of the river. Thus it stood until Mr.
iillmore came into power. The question then
w&s presented to the Secretary of the Interior,
Mr. Stuart, who decided, at first, that the grant
only extended to the Raccoon Forks. The ques-
tion was then referred to the Attorney Genera],
the present distinguished Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] and he concurred in the opin-
ion of Mr. Ewing and of Mr. Stuart, that it only
extended to the Raccoon Forks. An appeal was
taken to the Cabinet of Mr. Fillmore; and there,
as I understand, although I have never seen any
record or any authoritative exposition of the de-
cision that was made, the opinion of the Attorney
General was overruled by the Cabinet; or at any
rate, the Cabinet instructed the Secretary of the
Interior to certify the lands, and the Secretary of
the Interior under that Administration did certify
one hundred thousand acres of land to the State as
belonging to the State; and theState oflowa, act-
mg in good faith upon those certificates, sold these
lands to bona fide settlers, who have made valuable
improvements upon them.
The decision of Mr. Stuart became the settled
law of the Department for four years and a half,
until during the time when Mr. Hendricks was
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
when after three hundred and seventy-one thou-
sand acres had been certified to the State as be-
longing to the State, Mr. Hendricks suddenly
took itinto his head to decide thatall these former
decisions wore wrong, and that the grant to the
State only extended to the forks of the river. The
question was then referred the Cabinet of Mr.
Pierce, and an opinion was solicited from the At-
torney General. Mr. Cushing decided that, in his
opinion, the grant only extended in the first in-
stance to the forks of the river; but inasmuch as
the State had acted in good faith upon these cer-
tificates that had been given her by the Depart-
ment, had incurred liabilities in consequence there-
of, had conveycd the lands to bona fide settles
who had made valuable improvements, and some
of the most thrifty towns in the State had been
built upon them, it was beneath the dignity of this
Government to undertake to withdraw its certifi-
cates to any of the lands that it had issued, or to
interfere 111 the remotest degree with the title that
had been conferred upon the State. The case has
recently been earned to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and by that court it has been de-
cided that the grant originally only extended to
the forks of the river.
This joint resolution which I have introduced
proposes, in the first place, to confirm to the State
these lands which have been certified to theState
as belonging to the State by the Government au-
thorities here, which your public officers have
certified as belonging to the State, and which the
State, upon the faith of those certificates, has
conveyed to lonafide settlers within her own juris-
diction.
This matter has been still further complicated
by the grant by Congress to the State, in 1856, of
alternate sections of land along the lines of three
railroads which intersect the Des Moines river.
This joint resolution proposes to indemnify those
railroad companies in those cases where they
would be entitled to rights under that act, by
granting them the privilege of taking other alter-
nate sections in place of those to which they might
be entitled under the act of 1856, and under the
act of the General Assembly made in pursuance
thereof, in July of that year.
With these remarks, Mr. President, I submit
the question, with the ardent hope that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, seeing the exigency which
has arisen for speedy action on their part, will
give it very prompt consideration. I desire to
say that, on these three hundred and seventy-one
thousand acres of land which have been certified
to the State by the Government, there arealarge
number of our most thrifty villages, a large num-
ber of the best improvements within the State,
and that nobody can anticipate the disaster which
will result to the settlers along that river, unless
some act shall be interposed m their behalf by
Congress. I move that the joint resolution be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
