THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF~CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1860.
New Series No. 27.
over it, does not imply a corresponding authority to de-
termine the internal polity, or to adjust the domestic rela-
tions or the pcisons who may lawfully inhabit the Territory
in which it is situated. A supreme power to make needful
rules respecting public domain, and a similar power of
framing laws to operate upon persons and things withm the
teiritonal limits where it lies, aie distinguished by broad
lines of demarcation in American history. This court has
assisted us to define them. In Johnson vs. Mcintosh, (8
Wheat., 595-543,) they say: ' According to the theory of
the British constitution, all vacant lands are vested in the
Crown; and the exclusive power to grant them is admit-
ted to reside in the Crown, as a branch of the royal pre-
rogative.
"'All the lands we hold were originally granted by the
Crown, and the establishment of a royal Government has
never been considered as impairing its right to grant lands
within the chartered limits of eucli colony.5
"And the British Pailiament did claim a supremacy of
legislation coextensive withtho absoluteness of the domin-
ion of the sovereign ovei the crown lands. The American
doctrine, to the contrary, is embodied in two brief resolu-
tions of the people of Pennsylvania, in 1774: 1st.' That the
inhabitants of these colonies are entitled to the same rights
and liberties, within the colonies, that the subjects born in
England are entitled withinthe realm.' 2d. 'Thatthe power
assumed by Parliament to bind the people of these colonies
by statutes', in all cases whatever, is unconstitutional, and
thereloie the source of these unhappy difficulties.' The
Congress of 1774, in their statement of rights and griev-
ances, affirm ' a free and exclusive power of legislation' in
their several Provincial Legislatures, * in all cases of tax-
ation and internal polity, subject only to the negative of
their sovereign, in such manner as has been heretofore
used and accustomed.' (1 Jour. Cong., 32.)
" The unanimous consent of the people of the colonies,
then, to the power of their sovereign, 6 to dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting the ter-
ritory' of the Crown, in 1774, was deemed by them as en-
tirely consistent with opposition, remonstrance, the renun-
ciation of allegiance, and proclamation of civil war. in
prefetence to submission to his claim ol supieme power in
the torutones."
The Senator quoted, however, a sentence from
Chief Justice Taney which, taken by itself, would
seem to warrant Ins assertion. Hero is the sen-
tence:
" And if Congress itself cannot do this—if it is beyond
the powers conferred on the Fedeial Government—it will
be admitted, we presume, that it could not authorize a ter-
litonal government to exeicise them. It could confer no
power on any local government, estahl ished by its authority,
to violate the provisions of the Constitution*"
Nothing like this occurs, in the opinion of any
other judge or anywhere else in the opinion of
the Chief Justice himself. It is, when separated
from its context, irreconcilable with what I have
just read from another part of the same opinion,
and wholly outside what the judge announced at
the outset to be the question to be decided. But
when the sentence which the Senator from Mis-
souri read is taken in its proper connection and
used as the Chief Justice delivered it, a harmony
with the rest of his opinion will at once be dis-
covered. The Chief Justice was speaking in that
sentence of quite another topic than that upon
which the Senator from Missouri quoted it; and,
therefore, I propose to read it in its connection:
"But the power of Congress over the person or propouy
ofacitizen can nevei be a mere discretionary powei under
oui Constitution and form of Government. The poweisof
the Government and the rights and puvileges of the citizen
are legulated and plainlv defined by the Constitution itself.
An<l when the Teriitoiv becomes a part of the United
States, the Federal Government enters into possession in
the character impressed upon it by those who created it. It
enters upon it with its powers over the citizen smctly de-
fined and limited by the Constitution from which it douves
Us own existence, and by virtue ot which aloneit continues
to exist and act as a government and sovereignty. It has
no power of anv kind bevond it; and it cannot, when it
enteis a Teiritoiyof the United States,putofifits character
and assume diseietionaiv oi despotic powers winch the
Constitution has denied to it. It cannot create for itself a
new chaiaeter separated fiom the citizen* of the United
States and the duties it owes them under the piovisions of
the Constitution. The Teiritoiy being apart of the United
States the Government and the citizen both enter it under
the authority of the Constitution, with their respective
rights defined and maiked out; arid the Federal Govern-
ment can exerciseno power over his person or property be-
yond what that instrument confers, nor lawfully denj any
right which it has reserved.'*
This is his general proposition:
"A refeience to a few of the provisions of the Consti-
tution will illustrate this proposition.
"For example, no one, we presume, will contend that
Congress can make anv law in a Temtory icspectmg the
establishment of religion, oi the free exeicise thereof, or
abridging the freedom of speech or of the press, or the right
of the people of the Territory peaceably to assemble, aud
to petition the Government for th* redress of grievance.
27
" Nor can Congress deny to the people the right to keep
and bear aim*, nor the right to trial by jury, nor compel
any one to be a witness against himself in a criminal pro-
ceeding.
"These powers, and others in relation to rights of per-
son, which it is not necessary here to enumerate, are, in
express and positive terms, denied to the General Govern-
ment ; and the right* of private property have been guarded
with equal caie. Thus the rights of propetty are united
with the rights of peison, and placed on the same ground
by the fifth amendment to the Constitution, which provides
that no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, and prop-
erty, without ddc process of law. And an act of Congiess
which deprives a citizen of the United States of his liberty
or property, merely because he came himself or brought
his property into a particular Territory of the United Suites,
and who had committed no offense against the laws, could
hardly be dignified with the name of due process of law.
"So, too, it will hardly he contended that Congress could
by law quarter a soldier in a house in a Teiritory without
the consent of the owner, in time of peace; nor in tunc of
war, but in a manner prcsciibcd by law. Nor could they
by law forfeit the property of a citizen in a Territory who
was convicted of treason, for a longer period than the life
of tiie peison convicted; nor take private property lor public
use without just compensation."
It will be observed the Chief Justice has enu-
merated every provision of the bill of rights added
to the Constitution of the United States. He is
speaking of them. He is speaking of the rights
guarantied in the Constitution in the express terms
of the amendments which were added to it by the
States after its adoption. He has enumerated
them. Now, sir, let us see how muJEh further lie
proceeds:
"The powers over person and propetty, of which we
speak, arc not gi anted to Consress; but "are, m express
teims, denied, and they are forbidden to exercise thein.
And this prohibition is not confined to the States; but the
woids are geneial, and extend to the whole terutoiv over
whicli the Constitution give- it power to legislate, includ-
ing those portions of it remaining under territorial govern-
ment, as well as that coveicd by States. It is a total ab-
sence of powci everywhere within the dominion ol the
United Stafp«:, arid places the eitizcns of a Territory, so far
as these rights are concerned, on the same footingwithcit-
lzens of the States, and guards them as firmly and plainly
against any inroads which the General Government might
attempt, under the plea of implied or incidental powers."
What next?
" And it Congress itself cannot do this"—
What? Pass a law taking away trial by jury
in a Territory; pass n law to quarter troops in a
man's house in time of peace; pass a law to vio-
late the express prohibitions of the Constitution
as set forth in its bill of rights.
" And if Consii oss itself cannot do this—if it N beyond the
poweis conferred on the Federal Government—it will be
admitted, we presume, that it could not authorise h ten-
torial government to e.\ercise them."
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President- 
Mr. PUGH. In a moment; I will read the rest
of the sentence.
" It could confer no power on any local government,
established by it* authority, to violate the piovnions of
the Constitution."
Mr. GREEN, I only want to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Ohio to this fact, that the
court is there speaking of restrictions upon the
power of Congress, the limitations placcd upon
its power; and showing that Congress cannot con-
fiscate property; Congress cannot destroy rights
of property; and then says—that is the idea-
much less can any subordinate tribunal estab-
lished under the authority of Congress.
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, I have read it to the
Senate. I venture to say that the idea which the
Senator from Missouri has inculcated never en-
tered the head of the Chief Justice when he wrote
that decision. He is illustrating his general prop-
osition; and by what does he illustrate it? By
quoting the bill of rights to the Constitution of
the United States. In this bill of rights is a pro-
hibition to Congress to confiscate property.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no bill of rights.
Mr. GREEN. There is no bill of rights in the
Constitution of the United States._ There are cer-
tain amendments, but no bill of rights.
Mr. PUGH. Well, those amendments are the
bill of rights. Tfiey were put there as a bill of
rights, and only from abundant caution. ^ It was
argued by many of those who took part in form-
ing the Constitution that they were wholly unne-
cessary. because Congress could do nothing but
what was authorized; but the States out of jeal-
ousy and abundant caution insisted upon adding
those amendments. They were called by the
States a bill of rights. Virginia called them so;
and it is that of which the Chief Justice spoke.
Thus language used in illustration as applicable
to a particular case is separated out of its context,
and made to appear wholly inconsistent with the
residue of the opinion delivered by the Chief
Justice, in direct contravention of the sentiments
delivered by Judge Campbell, and in fact to over-
turn the rest of the decision. Need I add, sir,
that the only counsel for Sandford now living,
whose name, wherever, mentioned throughout the
United States, excites the admiration of the legal
profession, I mean Mr. Reverdy Johnson, has
said that the question was not argued by him nor
his colleagues, and he never understood that the
court even considered it, much less decided it?
So much for the alleged errors of faith. The
Senator from Missouri admits that this was an
open question until the Dred Scott decision. He
admitted that it was left open by the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill and the Cincinnati platform. I have
shown that it has never even arisen in the form
which the Kansas-Nebraska bill contemplated;
that it was not involved in the Dred Scott case;
that it could not have been; and that, according to
every rule of legal interpretation by which courts
and lawyers are governed, a question which did
not arise in the case, which was not argued in the
case, cannot be said to have passed under th(? con-
sideration of the judges, unless they so expressed
themselves in language; and I know the Supremo
Court of the United States well enough to "know
that if they had considered that question to bo in-
volved, they would have ordered it to be argued
at the bar. They twice heard this case argued.
After the first argument, conceiving that the im-
portance and difficulty of the questions involved
demanded of them an unusual degree of examina-
tion, they continued thecause twelve months, and
called upon counsel to argue it again. When ft
was called the second time, additional counsel on
both sides were retained, and the ordinary rules
of the court were suspended. The counsel, in-
stead of being limited to two hours, wore allowed
to argue at their own pleasure. 1 say again, that
it is an insult to the judges of the court to say
that they would take up a question of that mag-
nitude not involved in tne case, and decide it with-
out intimating to counsel the propriety of having
it argued at the bar. There is not a supreme
court m any State in the Union that would do it,
Judges have at least that much respect for the
legal profession.
Now, sir, having disposed of the question (of
faith, let us look a little into the errors of practice
of which the Senator complains.
Mr. GREEN. Before the Senator leaves that
subject, I hope he will permit me to make ona
remark.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. 1 stated expressly that the
question did not arise, whether a Territory eould
prohibit slavery by its own action; but I slated
that the question did arise whether Congress
i could prohibit slavery in a Territory; that the
Supreme Court decided that; and that that was
the law of the land; and that they gave their unan-
imous opinion that a Territory could exercise no
power beyond what Congress could exercise.
That is what I stated, and what I know the opin-
ion will sustain,notwithstanding the remarks the
Senator makes.
Mr. PUGH. I have stated to the Senator that
that certainly was the opinion of Judge McLean
and of Judge Curtis.
Mr. GREEN. Of the whole court.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; Judge Catron dissented
from the rest of the judges on that very proposi-
tion, and he says so. After the paragraph which
the honorable Senator quoted the other day, the
judge uses this language:
" It is due to myself to say, that it is asking much of a
judge, who has for nearly twenty year* been exercising
jurisdiction from the western Missouri line to me KoeKy
