418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
Mountains, and on this understanding of the .Constitution,
inflicting the extreme penalty of death for crimes commit-
ted where the direct legislation of Congress was the only
rule, to agree that he had been all the while acting in mis-
take, and as an usurper."
It is perfectly evident that Judge Catron not only
dissented,but he felt himself involved personally
in the decision of the majority of the judges that
Congress had no direct power of municipal legis-
lation. That is why he dissented. There is the
whole of his opinion. It covers many pages, but
that is the pith of it. That is the reason why he
dissented from the other judges, and dissented
with some warmth of feeling. He did not know
what scrapes ho had got into m the course of
twenty years.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, he
made an allusion in regard to the opinions of my
late colleague in the Senate on this question from
which I dissented at the time. I was told by my
colleague, when I met him in California, that he
never entertained those opinions. I can find no
remarks in the Congressional Globe from him on
the subject, (and if the Senator has any other, I
hope he will refer to them,) except these which I
will send to the Secretary to read. The former
Senator from Michigan, (Mr. Stuart,) who al-
luded to him at the last session, did not state his
position correctly. In the first place, Colonel
Weller objected to the unqualified veto. That
was the only portion to which he objected. Here
are his remarks. As to his moving to strike out
the provision to which the Senator alluded, I find
that it was the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] who made that motion; and ho gives his
reasons here in the discussion with Colonel Wal-
ler. It is very short, and I should like the Sec-
retary to read what Mr. WellerandMr. Douglas
said. It is everything he said on the subject, and
then the motion to strike out was made by the
Senator from Illinois himself.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
<( Mr. Weller. I have a single remark to make, though
not upon the point which, is now being discussed. Al-
though, as I said in my remarks on Monday last, I am 111
favor of the geneial punciples of the bill, theie arc some
provisions in it wluch do not receive the sanction of my
judgment. I may refer to that winch confers upon the
Governor an unqualified veto. I do not think I can vote
for any territorial bill which contains a provision of that
sort. I see no reason why the Committee on Trrutories
should have repotted this bill, on this point, differently ftom
tho^e which have pieccded it in om legislation. The "veto
of the Governor should be a qualified one. I behove in
Otegon a bare majority ot the Teiritorial JLegislatme can
overrule the veto of the Governor. I am willing, however,
to place it wheie the Constitution of the United States has
placed the veto power here. I would require two thirds ot
Elie Legislature to overrule the veto of the Govcmoi, and
I would not, under any eneumstanops, invest an absolute
and unqualified veto m one man. I cannot vote for the bill
with such a provision in it.
"Mr. Douglas. The friends of this bill have had the
provision to winch the Senator from California has rctened,
and some others, under consideiation, and they intend to
dispose of these two points—that is, the veto power of the
Governor, and as to the revisory power of Congtos1*, when
wc arrive at them. These two provisions aic in thN bill j
because they were in the Utah lull, which wa-> our guide.
1 am awaie that the tormcr tentorial bills gave the Gov-
ernor only a qualified veto. I believe the Jowa bill re-
quired two thirds of the I_iegi:>latuie to overrule the veto ;
and in the Oregon bill a majouty was rcquued. 1 intend,
when wc get through with this provision, to call the espe-
cial attention of the Senate to that subject, and state what
my own views are upon it. The clause pioviding for aie-
vision of the laws by Congress ha-s been uniiormiy inserted,
and it arose in this way : In the early history of llns coun-
try a Territoi y was legislated tor by the Governor and judges.
Inasmuch as they had no Legislature, no repiesentauoin no
populai government, wc required their laws to be submit-
ted here, either for approval or disapproval. Since the Ter-
ritories have had Legislatures, it has become a serious ques-
tion whether any such revision is neeessarj; buttheuiends
of the bill will consider that matter when we get thiough
with this point. I renew my motion to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill, m order that wc may proceed
to the consideration ofexecutivo bu>^aes^.,,— Congressional
Globej volume'18, -part first, first session, Thirty-Third Con-
gress, page 423.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Ohio knows
of any other remarks made by my former col-
league, I should like him to refer to them. Col-
onel Weller told me that it was a mistake to sup-
pose that he ever made such a motion, and I see
it was made by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. PUGH. I do not deem it material. I was
not a member of the Senate at that time; but I
heard the matter frequently stated while Colonel
"Weller was a member of the body, and if I am
not much mistaken, he boasted of that being done
on his motion or suggestion.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to a k one question:
whether in that argument which has been read,
of the Senator from Illinois, it is said that the |
power of legislation in the Territories was vested '
m the Governor and judges?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir; that was it.
Mr. GREEN. I know it is true in point of
fact; but the Senator from Ohio disputed it the
other day when I was making my remarks, and I
wanted it confirmed by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. PUGH. What fact?
Mr. GREEN. That the power of legislation
was vested in the Governor and judges in some
of the Territories.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator seems to me to be
engaging- in a mere contest of words. There was
a power given to the Governor and judges in some
of the Territories to copy from the laws of any of
the States. If the Senator calls that legislative
power, he may have the satisfaction of calling it
so.
Mr. GREEN. I know what the power was.
Mr. PUGH. I say the Governors and judges
of the Northwestern Territory attempted to assert
legislative power; attempted to pass laws made
up of provisions from various States, to make a
codification and amendment of the laws of the va-
rious States, and that it was annulled by Congress
by law.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the reading again of
the remarks of the Senator from Illinois on that
subject, to see whether he agrees with me or the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator can read them for
himself afterwards. They will bo inserted in the
report of my speech by the reporter, and the Sen-
ator can read them at some other time. I object
to no controversy between the Senator and my-
self, but I do object to bringing in a third party.
Mr. GREEN. The remarks were read at the
Secretary's desk, and I want them reread, because
they confirm every word I said yesterday.
Mr. HALE. I object to their being read more
than once.
Mr. GREEN. I ask that they be read as my
argument.
Mr. HALE. Very well; then I do not object.
The Cleik read, as follows:
"The clause piovidinu foi a revision of the. laws by Con-
giess has been uniloiiniy incited, and it aiose m this way:
In the eaiiv hMoiy of this eountrj, a terntoiy was legis-
lated loi the Governoi and judge*."
Mr. GREEN. That is all I want.
Mr. HALE. That is enough.
Mr. GREEN. Who was speaking?
The CLERK. Mr. Douglas.
Mr. GREEN. That is all I want.
Mr. PUGH. If it is any satisfaction to the Sen-
ator, he is welcome to it; that is all I can say.
Mr. GREEN. Jt is" very satisfactory.
Mr. PUGH. It is undoubtedly true that the
policy of the Federal Government toward the
Territoiies has become more liberal and more
sensible as these questions have been further dis-
cussed. As the Senator was glorifying the ordi-
nance of 1767, us a model of territorial govern-
ment, let me invite his attention to the provisions
of that ordinance. In the first place, no man
could vote m the Northwestern Territory unless
he had a large freehold estate in land, and at that
time, there being no subdivision of the public
lands into small quantities, and being only sold in
large quantities and to companies, it amounted to
a prohibition of the right of suffrage to a great
many people. No man could be a member of the
Legislative Assembly, unless he had an inherit-
able estate m lands to almost double the value of
tliat of the voter; and the Assembly was to propose
to Congress or to the President, after the forma-
tion of a constitution, so many candidates, out of
whom he sejeetod the Council. The Governor of
the Northwestern Territory had an absolute and
unqualified veto over all acts of legislation, which
could not be overruled by a unanimous vote of
both Houses, and together with that the right to
dissolve and prorogue the Legislature at any time
he chose. It was just that legislation which
aroused the people of the Northwest to claim
their rights before Congress, and it induced Con-
gress to relax those very provisions. I said yes-
terday, and I have said it frequently before, the
ordinance of 1787 drove the people of Ohio to
the verge of revolution; and you will find in the
American State Papers the proeeedings of a con-
vention of people appointing delegates to come
hither to Congress, and to protest against the in-
tolerable tyranny of that territorial government.
The difficulty was solved by admitting the State
of Ohio, and forthwith relaxing, as to the Terri-
tory of Indiana, some of those provisions. In
the course of time, both for Indiana and Illinois,
step by step, at the instance of the people and
their Territorial Legislature, these odious provis-
ions were withdrawn, until, by the time Michigan
applied for admission into the Union, nothing was
left, I believe, but a qualified veto and the power
to revise the acts by Congress. But, sir, it seems
that we went further. From an absolute veto of
the Governor we came to a veto that two thirds
might overrule; and then to a veto that a majority
might overrule; and in the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
which the Democratic party adopted as a model,
wc struck out the provision requiring the laws to
be submitted to Congress for approval. Out of
all this body of legislation, the Cincinnati plat-
form chose the Kansas-Nebraska bill as a model
of Democratic principles to be applied to territo-
rial governments.
I said I should deal with alleged errors of prac-
tice. The Senator from Missouri has deprecated
this discussion. He has declared that it was the
fault of the Senator from Illinois; that in some
speech delivered at Freeport, in the year 1858, he
had firstgiven birth to this doctrine of squatter sov-
eieignty which hadbrought about and produced so
muchmischiefin the Democratic ranks. Wliatdid
the Senator from Illinois say? I have not his speech
before me, but if T recollect it he said this: that
the people of a territory might, in the exercise of
their right of taxation and other rights of police
regulation, so discourage slavery as that slave-
holders would not migrate to the Territories with
their slaves. That, I believe, was called the doc-
trine of unfriendly legislation. Now, is it true
that the Senator from Illinois first suggested that >
Why, sir, I can show you in the Globe, if it were
necessary, that it was said in the other House of
Congress the firs^session I was here, and said by
southern men in several instances. It was pro-
claimed by gentlemen who now are in Mr. Buch-
anan's Cabinet. Mr. Clerk will you read this ?
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The Terntoiy being the common propeity of States,
equals in the Union,, and bound by the Constitution which
recognizes propeity in slaves, it is an abuse of terms to call
aggression the migration into that Territory of one of its
joint owners, because carrying with him any species of
piopcrty recognized by the Constitution of the United
State*. The Federal Government has no powertodeelare
what is property anywhere. The power of each State can-
not extend beyond its own limits. As a consequence,
thcretore, whatever is property in any of the States must
be ho considered in any of the Territories'of the United
States until they leach to the dignity of community inde-
pendence, when the subject-mattei will be entirely under
the contiol of the people and be determined by their funda-
mental law. ff the inhabitant* of any Tcnitory should
refuse to enact such laws and police regulation^ as would
give security to theii property or to his, it would be ren-
d<'ied more oi le>s valueless in propoition to the difficulty
of holding it without such protection, in the ca*eof prop-
erty in the labor of man, oi what is usually called slave
property, the insecurity would be ho great that the owner
could not ordinaiily retain it. Therefore, though the right
would remain, the remedy being withheld, it would follow
that the owner would be practically debaired by the cir-
cumstances of the case fiom taking slave property into ?t
Territory where the ^ense of the inhabitants was opposed
to the introduction. So much for the oft-repeated lallacy
of lorcing siaveiy upon any community."
Mr. PUGH. That is the language of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] I have read,
or rather the Clerk has read, an extract from the
revised copy of his speech at Portland.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg the Senator's pardon. I
did not hear it. What is it ?
Mr. PUGH. I thought the Senator was at-
tending to the reading, or I would have called his
attention to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not hear it.
Mr. PUGH. When that sort of language is
used 
Mr. DAVIS. Just tell me what the language
is. Refer me to what you were reading.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say beforehand that
the Senator makes a mistake when he talks about
a revised speech. Those speeches were so mis-
represented that I did not choose to revise them.
They were published as they were found in the
newspapers. To give all critics the benefit of
whatever had been m the papers, they were pub-
lished as they stood without my revision. [After
reading the extract.] Oh, yes; that is practically
true.
