I860. .
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
This, Mr. Speaker, ig the spectacle presented
to the American public. The honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode} asserts it
is sufficient ground for sweeping inquiry about
mismanagement in relation to navy-yards, public
buildings, post offices, the non-execution of laws,
and almost everything else, that the President of
the United States has spoken of the use of money
in carrying elections in Pennsylvania. Now it
comes out by the confession of the gentlemen
themselves, while so indignant in reference to the
letter of the President to which they make allu-
sion, that they—the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Covode,] the accuser here, and his
political friends—have given a general and wide-
spread invitation to the people of their section of
the Union, who are connected with them politi-
cally, to come forward and pour out their money
in order that they may carry the next presidential
election.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kilgore,]
the graceful and courteous gentleman from Indi-
ana, the courtly gentleman from Indiana, comes
forward and takes upon himself to defend that
investigation. He shoulders the responsibility—
and broad shoulders it requires to bear the re-
ponsibility of that movement. The gentleman
from Indiana is the man, I understand, who
pledged that the candidate for Printer of this
House of the Republican party would, if elected,
devote one-half of the profits of the office for the
purpose of carrying the next presidential election
for the Republican party. [Applause and laugh-
ter from the Democratic, and cries of " Order!"
from the Republican benches.]
Mr. KILGORE. There were no corrupt pur-
poses sought to be subserved.
Mr. BOCOCK. Oh no ! If the President hap-
pens to have known of the use of money in elec-
tions, then everything is corrupt, and a commit-
tee of instigation must, forsooth, be forthwith
raised, with power to inquire into everything.
Not so with the gentlemen of the other side. They
may divide the profits of the public printing; they
may call upon the people of their party every-
where to come forward and pour out then-money
to carry the next presidential election, and it is all
right.
Mr. KILGORE. Let the circular be read.
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield to me for five minutes?
Mr. BOCOCK. I cannot, now.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I will read an ex-
tract from the circular.
Mr. KILGORE. Read it all.
Mr *VALLANOIGHAM. I will read the sub-
stantial part of it. [Cries from the Republican
benches, " Read it all!"] Here it is :
The number of documents that will be required will
call for a large expenditure, ant7 justifies the request for as-
sistance; even m the buiallebtamounis. Our opponents, by
forced contubutions upon their Federal office-holders and
public contractors, which they do not hesitate to levy, are
able to raise a large tund for their party opeiations. The
Republican party must rely upon the voluntary contribu-
tions of its friends; and it is therefore rccoinmended that
each club, or person, as far as may be convenient, send
a contribution to purchase documents. The price for
speeches or pamphlets of eight pages is fifty cents a hun-
dred; of sixteen pages, one dollar a hundred; of twenty-four
pages, one dollar and fifty cents a hundred."
Mr. DUNN. What is the price of the eight-
page speeches ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Fifty cents
a hundred. [Laughter.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Here are the names
that are signed to it:
" We are, very respectfully and truly,
PRESTON KING, JOHN B. ALLEY,
JAMES W. GRIMES, E. 13. WASHBURNE,
L. F. S. FOSTER, (Illinois,)
JOHN COVODE, DAVID KILGORE,
E. G. SPAULDING, J. L. N. STRATTON."
Mr. FLORENCE. I will read the heading, and
the House will then know who arc the officers.
Here it is:
"presidential campaign of i860.
Republican Executive Congressional Committee.
Hon. Preston King, N. Y., Hon. John Covode, Pa.,
*< J. W. Grimes, Iowa, « E..G. Spauldmg,N.Y.,
" L. F. S. Foster, Conn., " John B. Alley, Mass.,
(Senate.) " 33.-B. Washburne, 111.,
" David Kilgore, Ind.,
" J. L. N. Stratton, N. J.,
(House of Representatives.)
Preston King, Chairman.
George Harrington, Secretary.
John Covode, Treasurer
Mr. HASKIN. I rise to a point of order. I
insist, Mr. Speaker, that the manner in which the
message of the President has been discussed is
unworthy of the dignity of the House of Repre-
sentatives and the occasion which has called it
forth. A discussion has been started, out of or-
der, in my judgment, upon the dirty party politics
of the day, when the motion is one of reference
merely. What we have before us, and that which
claims our earnest consideration, is the plea in
abatement, on the part of the President of Jhe
United States, to the jurisdiction of this House.
Shall it be considered at this time and disposed
of, or shall it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary for investigation? Shall we, or shall
we not, maintain the legislative power and the
independence of the House of Representatives,
which have been insulted this day by a Napo-
leonic decree, coming here as a message from the
President of the United States ? I insist that the
debate shall be confined to the question before us,
and that it shall not be allowed to wander off from
it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
.whole question is open to debate on the motion
to refer, and therefore overrules the point of or-
der raised by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BOCOCK. The Chair overrules the point
of order raised by the gentleman from New York,
and very properly. That gentleman, who an-
nounced himself, a few days ago, to be an ally of
the Republican party "for this session," comes
forward, in his character of'ally, and lectures us
upon dignity and what is the proper proceeding
for us to pursue. I bow in humble acknowledg-
ment of the deep debt of gratitude we owe to the
gentleman from New York for his lecture on dig-
nity. Is he not, of all others, the proper member
to deliver such a lecture? Yerily, it appeals so
to me. I dismiss him summarily.
When I was interrupted, I was showing to the
House that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Covode] and the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kilgore] had not, in my judgment, par-
ticulaily aided their cause by the explanations
which they have volunteered. The ground upon
which they put their defense for appealing for
money to the people to use for the purposes of
the Republican party in the next presidential can-
vass is, that that money is to be used merely for
the circulation of documents. The circular in-
sinuates that small amounts will be thanfully re-
ceived; but the gentleman from Indiana has indi-
cated that not a particle of objection will be made
to large ones. He was willing to insist that half
of the profits to be derived from the printing for
this House should be contributed to the election-
eering uses of the Republican party. It is all
right and proper that they should'have the com-
mand of money, and that they should use it in
elections, and it is to be assumed by us, by every-
body, that it is only to be devoted to the publi-
cation and dissemination of documents; but, sir,
if anybody else employs money for election pur-
poses, it is, upon their course of argument, to be
taken instantly for granted that some corrupt
purpose is sought to be subserved. This incon-
sistency, this unfairness, this double-dealing, I
object to. Now, if they can use money and not
be corrupt in it, why cannot other people use
money without using it corruptly? Why is it
assumed by them necessarily that if money be
employed by others, it is corruptly employed ?
That is the thing I object to.
And now, it may be proper for me to say a
word in relation to the position taken by the other
fentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow.] If
understood him correctly, he claimed that the
House had the right to make these sweeping in-
quiries; and on what ground did he put it? As
1 understand it, he claims that the House of Rep-
resentatives has jurisdiction of such matters in
two capacities. The one is, as the body to frame
impeachments to be tried by the Senate; the other
is, as one of the coordinate branches of the Le-
gislature. I admit that the House occupies that
position, and that it has a right to do anything
that is necessary and proper to enable it to carry
out its jurisdiction-in these respects. The House
of Representatives has the right to make such in-
quiries as they may think will conduce to whole-
some legislation. It has also the right to institute
specific charges, with a view to put official per-
sonages on their trial before the Senate. But if,
under cover and pretense of intending to legislate,.
or if, under pretense of/intending .<0 institute Im-
peachments, the House of Representatives insti-
tutes these vague and sweeping inquiries against
high official personages, which these official-per-
sonages have no means of understanding, and no
power to defend themselves against, theift say
the House perverts a- legitimate function into a
means of oppression and wrong; If the House
had done, in good faith, what the gentleman from
Pennsylvania claims it has a right to do, it would
be all right. But if, under the mere pretext of 'ii)-
tending some wholesome legislation, or if, under
the mere pretext of inquiring whether Or not an
impeachment ought to be instituted, the House
has made sweeping and vague inquiries against
high official personages, with a view unjustly to
injure them, then I say that the House has abused
its powers, has invaded the rights of a coordinate
branch of the Government, and has justly sub-
jected itself to a protest from the injured.
Says the gentleman from Pennsylvania, "you
instituted inquiry in the last House of Represent-
atives, in relation to the conduct of members of a
preceding Congress, while you could not act
against them, and where no legislation was in-
tended." He asks very properly, if the facts be
as he states them, what right haa the House to
institute an inquiry in relation to the action of
members of a preceding Congress, for which they
could not be tried, and where no legislation in re-
gard to the subject was intended? He says that
m regard to the charges against the President of
the United States, perhaps no punishment is in-
tended. " No punishment intended!" Why, sir,
to proclaim to the world, in effect, that there is
good reason to believe that the President of the
United States has been engaged in corrupt prac-
tices, which should be exposed; to open the door
for men everywhere to come forward here and
swear to private conversations and other mys-
terious circumstances in connection with the
President, even although you do not intend to
found any impeachment upon these proofs; is
all that no punishment? Will you say, after that,
that no punishment has been inflictcd on that of-
ficer? Is it no punishment to a man in high posi-
tion, who cares for his character and his honor;
who values the trust reposed in him by the people,
as an evidence of their confidence ana respect? Is
it no punishment, I say, to a man like that, to
have it declared to the people of the United States
that there is good ground to believe that he has
been guilty of corrupt practices? I need not ap-
peal to any sensitive and honorable man in this
Ilouse to answer that question. It would be a
sevei-e infliction for any of these gentlemen them-
selves; and they know it.
Now, let not gentlemen undertake to mystify
this subject. Let no gentleman of the House, on
such a grave occasion, attempt to do injustice to
the issue which the Presidentof the United States
has made. The President of the United States
has not denied the right of this House to institute
specific inquiries into his conduct with a view to
impeachment. What he has denied is the pro-
priety of the House of Representatives undertak-
ing to institute a general and sweeping inquiry
against him without letting him know what spe-
cific charges he has to meet, and without any al-
legation being made by any one that there is good
reason to believe that a particular wrong has been
done—opening the door to witnesses to come from
the North, the South, the East, and the West, to
swear to vague and indefinite matters of suspicion
against the Presidentof the United States. In my
opinion it is a great wrong.
Gentlemen over the way, and some on this side,
have intimated that they are not now precisely
prepared to dispose of this matter. It was my
purpose, Mr. Speaker, originally, to move that
the message be laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed. That would not preclude any action
that the House might hereafter desire to take in
regard to it. Itmightbe debated in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. Gentle-
men might base resolutions 011 it. But I feel some
reluctance now to move to lay it on the table. I
want, however, to have the message printed; and I
am willing to make any motion that will be accept-
able to the House—to postpone it to aday certain,
or to do anything else with it, except refer it to
the Judiciary Committee. If the House think
proper, I will move to postpone it to a day cer-
tain, and let the subject come up again.
