im
THE - GONGRESSIOmi,: GLOim
Marqh2ft.
The, SPEAKER. What day will the, gentle-
maapameJ , ,
Mr. BRANCH. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia* that to accomplish hi& ob-
ieet and give an opportunity to members to discuss,
this to-v grave qaestion—whicth there is a general
desire to ,discuss—he-submit-a Motion .thajf the
message be referred-to xhe Committee of the Whole
on the-state of the Union, and ordered, to >be
printsdi .
, -Mr. SHERMAN. J*t«ould not be reached in the
{jommjttee of the Whole on the state of tlie Union;
■ but I will accept the modification of the gentle-
man from Virginia that it be postponed to any
day he may name.
Mr, BOCOCK. As the gentleman is specially
charged.with the business, I will take such day
as he may name.
Mr, SHERMAN. Say this day two weeks.
Mr. BOCOCK. Very well; let it be postponed
till this day two weeks.
■ Mr. FLORENCE. The Frcnch spoliation bill
has been postponed till that day by a vote of the
Housa this morning.
- Mr. BOCOCK. Well; let it be this day three
weeks.
Mr. FLORENCE. That will be the time for
holding the Charleston convention.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That is so; and
there are many members who would like to take
part in this discussion who will be necessarily
absent at that time.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then let it be this day week.
Mr. SHERMAN. All next week -is covered
by special orders; but I believe there is nothing
in the way for tins day three weeks.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then I forego making any
motion, except that the message be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that the sub-
ject be postponed till this day three weeks; and
on that I call for the previous question.
Mr.-JOHN COCHRANE. There are evi-
dently two sides to this question, and wo would
like to discuss it on this side.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why not go on with it now?
Mr. GROW. All next week is taken up.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, why not go on with
it to-day and to-morrow ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will insist upon my ori-
ginal motion, as I find such a diversity of opinion
in the House. I move that the message-be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
that they have leave to report upon it at any time;
and upon that motion I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question for
five minutest?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman who is the chairman of the select
committee. I desire to ask him if notice was
given by the committee to the President of the
resolution under which thcy-aet?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Oh, thatisnot
before the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist upon tho de-
mand for the previous question. The gentleman
from Virginia can ascertain that fact from some
member of the committee.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 would ask the gentleman
from Ohio to allow us to keep this message before
the House, so that we can discuss it. It is an
important and grave subject that is presented by
the President, and if it docs not meet the views
of a majoiity of the -House to consider it to-day,
we might postpone it to a day certain.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my motion is adopted,
the Committee on the Judiciary can bring the
subject before the House at any time. I there-
fore insist upon the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for tellers-on seconding
the previous question. We, upon this side of
the House, are ready to go on with this discus-
sion now.
Mr. BRANCH. If the previous question is
sustained, will it be in order to move to postpone
the consideration of this message to a given day?
The SPEAKER. It will hot be in order.
Mr. BRANCH. Well then, I hope the pre-
vious question will be voted down; and I will
move to postpone until to-morrow, at one o 'clock.
Let us go on with the discussion then.
Mr.'HARRIS, of Virginia. To-morrow is pri-
vate bill day. •• •
Tellers were orderedon the second; and Messrs.
Ely, and Anderson of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided;,and the tellers reported—>
ayes ninety-five; noes not counted. • , ,
So the previous question was seconded. .
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand the yeas
and nays upon ordering the-.main question.' This
side of the House is ready for this-debate now.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I would ask if,
under the new rules, the effect of a refusal to order
the main question will not be. that tlie discussion
shall proceed now?
The SPEAKER. It will have .that cffect.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope that the
call of the yeas and nays on the maip question
will be dispensed with, and that we shall take
them on the question of reference. 1
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. No sir; I propose
to defeat the ordering of the mam question, so that
the discussion may go on now.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
tlie affirmative—yeas 109, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
ram
Bin.
Bui
ter, Case, Colfax, Conkling, XJovode, Curtis, II. Winter
Davis;John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, J>tiell, Dunn, Edger-
too, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Ethendge, Famsworth, Fenton,
Potter, Frank, Fiench, Gilmer, Goocli, Grow, Gurley, Hale,
J. Morrison Harris, Haskin, Hfatton, Helmiek, Hickman,
Hill, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutcliins, Francis W. Kellogg,
Kcnvon, ICilgoie, DeWitt C. Leacli,Ja.mqs M.Leaeh,Lec,
Lovi'joy, Mallory, Maiston, Maynard, McKean.McKnigbt,
Millward, Lallan T. Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olin, Palmer,- Perry, Pettit, Porter,
Potter, Pottle, Quarles, Kiee, Christopher Robinson, tloyce,
Seraaion, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Wil-
liam Stewart, Stokes, Stiatton, Tappan, Tlmycr, Theaker,
Tompkins, Trimble, Vandever, Von Wyek, Vcrrce, Will
(Iron, Walton, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wasli-
bunie, Israel Washliurn,Wells,Wilson,and Windom—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, As-hinoro,
Uarkfdale, ttarr, Bauett, Coeoek, Boteler, llouhgny, tloyce,
Branch, Buieh, Burnett, Buriouglis, Hoiaee F.Clark, John
II. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox,
Jariiet, Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson,
Oe Jarnette, Dimmick, Edtmmdson, English, Florence,
1'ouke, Garnett, Hamilton, Haideman, John T. Ilairis,
llindman, Holman, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Landrum, Logan, Love, Charles D.
Martin,,Elbert S.Martin, MeQueen,-Mcltae, Miles, Mill-
son, Sydenham Moore, Niblack, Phelps, Pugli, Reagan,
James C. liobitibon, Schwartz, Simnis, Singleton, Stall-
woith, S.teventon, James A. Steivart, Stout, Taylor,
Thomas, Underwood, Va!landigham,Winslow, and Wright
—74.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
During the roll-call,
Mr. AVERY, when his name was called, said:
I intended to have started for home with my fam-
ily this morning, and 1 am paired off with Mr.
kii, linger.
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that Mr. Gartrell
was confined to his room by severe indisposition,
and was paired off with Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, until Tuesday next.
Mr. LAMAR stated that Mr. Davis, of Mis-
sissippi, had paired off with Mr. Moorhkad.
Mr. WHITELEY stated that lie had paired
off until Wednesday next with Mr. McPherson;
otherwise he would have voted "no."
Mr. Mc.C4.UEEN stated that Mr. Bonham was
still confined to his room by indisposition, and had
paired off with Mr. Irvine until Monday next.
Mr. MONTGOMERY stated tbathc was paired
off with his colleague, Mr. Junkin', on aH political
questions, and therefore could not vote.
Mr. ANDERSON, of Missouri, announced that
his colleague, Mr. Noell, was detained from the
House by sickness.
Mr. BRANCH announced that his colleague,
Mr. Ruffim, was detained in his room by indis-
position.
Mr. SCOTT stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Train, or he would have voted "no."
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM announced that Mr.
Pendleton was still detained from the House by
sickness.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that after this vote he
was paired off for the day with Mr. Waldron.
Mr. PRANK announced that Mr. Ferry was
paired off with Mr. Maclav, and Mr. Burnham
with Mr. Sickles.
Mr. BABBITT, who was not withm the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote;
but objection was made.
The result of the vote having been announced,
mie:
SrjBRHAN's -motion to- refer the message to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with leave tp report
at-any time, and that said message be.printed.
• Mr. BURNETT." I ask for the .yeas and nays
on the question of reference.
Mr. .BARKSDA-LE- I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays. :■
' Tellers were ordered; aj)d ^lessrs. Branch and
Fenton were appointed
Mr. BRANCH..J wotjld-lilse tp ask the Chair
whether this resolution, or thafc clause of it which
gives power tiO the comrnittoc; to report at any
time, can be passed by a njajprity vote of the
House?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is" too Iftte to raise that
question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine- There was no
objection when .the proposition was made.
Mr. BRANCH. I will make no objection now,
if we can have any understanding as to when the
subjcct is to bo reported back from the Commit- _
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will *>e .for th<! com-
mittee to say. , ■ .
. Mr. BRANCH. I must confess that I have
very great reluctance in sending this subject to
a standing committee without some knowledge
on the part of the House as to when itiwill be
brought back; because there is a very general de-
sire,to discuss it in the House.
Mr. SHERMAN- There are-representatives,
I,believe, of every political complexion, on the
Committee on the Judiciary; and I suppose the
gentleman can be informed of the action of the
committee at any time. It is not likely that they
will bring it into the House at a time when we do
not want to consider it.
Mr. BRANCH. I will reserve the point wkich
I make for the present; but I do not desire to be
considered as waiving it, if. I choose to make it
hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
objection would have been a good one if it had
been made originally; but that it is too late to
make it now. Common consent was given to the
reception of the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, Mr. Speaker, thepoint
that I make is not on the introduction of the reso-
lution or motion at all, but upon its passage. I
made the same point the other day, on the intro-
duction of a resolution, and the Speaker ruled that
I was too late; but afterwards sustained thepoint
of order, that the resolution must pass by a two-
thirds vote. I have now attempted to conform
my point to that decision.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio has been received, and the main
question ordered upon it; and the Chair supposes
that itis, therefore, too late to raise the point now.
Mr. BRANCH. That does not follow at all.
I did not know, and no member of the House
could know, but what the Speaker would, of his
own accord, when he came to announce the re-
sult, say that the motion was not carried, unless
two thirds voted in favor of it. I cannot raise the
point—in a parliamentary sense the point is not
susceptible of being raised—until the Speaker
rises for the.purpose of announcing the result of
the vote.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is debate in
order, the main question having been ordered ?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order; but
this is a suggestion very proper to be made by the
gentleman from North Carolina to the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Yes; but no
objection was made to the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio when it was submitted.
Mr. BRANCH. I am making a point of order,
and I believe that not more than one point of order
can be made at a time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. But it is not
in order to debate the point of order after the main
question has been ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no disposition to con-
sume the time of the House by having the yeas
and nays called. If the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, who are to have this subjectin charge, will,
when they make their report, postpone it for a
day or two, ahd give us an opportunity of discuss-
ing it, I will withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays, with that understanding.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for a divis-
