1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
I shall have the-floor when the gentleman from
"PeftBsyivania concludes, without my staying to
claim it, die gentleman may go on as long as he
pleases, so far as I am concerned. [Cries of
"Agreed!" from the Democratic side of the
Chairman. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania being allowed
to proceed beyond his hour ?
Mr. CONKLING. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania must go on.
Mr. MONTGOMERY continued his remarks
for some moments longer, when the hammer fell,
his hour having expired.
Mr. LOVEJOY obtained the floor
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Illinois to allow the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to proceed. He has been inter-
rupted.
Mr. CONKLING. It was his own fault.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Do let us allow him
further time. It is but justice. Give him twenty
minutes longer. I do not agree with him; but I
do want him to go on, becauso it is only fair play
that he should be allowed to do so.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 have no objection to that
in the world. I do not desire to address the com-
mittee this evening, but only to have the floor
when next we go into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 have 110 disposition to
intrude mystlf upon the attention of the House
or the committee at any time, but there is one
thing in reference to this matter that should be
guarded against, and that is this previous arrange-
ment in regard to farming out the floor. If a gen-
tleman fairly gets the floor first, by addressing the
Chair, he ought to be recognized.
The CHAIRMAN. Is objection made to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania proceeding?
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York objects.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir. 1 want to make
a remark. If the gentleman from Illinois is to
have the tloor tile next time the House resolves
itself into the Committee of the Whole; and if all
of these complications, these indirect, silent, in-
visible schemes, by which the floor is mortgaged
and farmed out 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is out of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. Well, 1 wilt take my scat,
if I am called to order, or will be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Docs the gentleman object
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania proceeding?
Mr. CONKLING. I was about to state that,
if what 1 have alluded to is to take place, I do
not know that it makes it much more objection-
able 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman object
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania proceeding?
Mr. CONKLING. Well, I was about to say
to the Chair—which I believe is in order—that,
if the arrangement which the gentleman from
Illinois proposed to the Chair is to be carried
out—and of that I want to be informed by the
Chair  
The CHAIRMAN. That is a matter for the
committee, and not for the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I want, before I with-
draw my objection, to understand what direction
the matter is to take.
Mr. BURNETT. There is no objection to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] having
the floor when the gentleman from Pennsylvania
concludes.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania proceeding for
a few minutes, with the understanding that the
gentleman from Illinois shall have the floor when
he concludes ?
_ Mr. VANDEVER. I object. I have no ob-
' jection to the gentleman from Pennsylvania pro-
ceeding, if thegentleman from Illinois resigns Ins
pretensions to the floor.
After some piivate conversation among mem-
bers, the objection was withdrawn, and
Mr. MONTGOMERY resumed the floor and
closed Ins speech, occupying a little more than
half an hour.
Mr. McRAE moved that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Davis, of In-
diana, having taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. Etheridoe reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly a bill (H. R. No. 499) to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, I860, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
E. GEORGE SQUIER.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for
the relief of E. George Squier, of New York;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD,
(at fifteen minutes after five o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 30, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the President of the
United States, in answer to the resolution of the
Senate of the 21st of March, requesting the Presi-
dent to inform the Senate whether any instruc-
tions have been given to any of the officers of the
Navy of the United States, by which, in any
event, the naval forces of the United States, or
any part thereof, were to take part in the civil
war now existing in Mexico; and whether the re-
cent capture of two war steamers of Mexico by
the naval force of the United States was done in
pursuance of orders issued by this Government;
and also by what authority those steamers have
been taken in possession by the naval force of the
United States, and the men on board made pris-
oners, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
the Navy on the subject.
Mr. MASON. I move that the communication
be laid 011 the table, and printed.
Mr. SLIDELL. I suggest its reference to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MASON. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why refer it ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I think it proper to refer it,
because it involves a grave question of interna-
tional law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be printed first,
and let us see what it is.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well.
Mr. MASON. I understand the order to print
it will go to the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go to the
Committee on Printing; and the message will lie
on the table.
CLAIMS AGAINST PARAGUAY.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to whom was referred a message of the
President of the United States, inviting the atten-
tion of Congress to the expediency of such legis-
lation as may be deemed necessary to carry into
effect the stipulations of the convention between
the United States and the Republic of Paraguay,
and in relation to the organization of the commis-
sion therein provided for, have had the same un-
der consideration, and instructed me to report a
bill. I ask for the present consideration of the
bill.
The bill (S. No. 340) to carry into effect the
convention between the United States and the Re-
public of Paraguay, was read the first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senator will allow
us to present petitions first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amounts to
an objection.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senate will allow
me to state this: the bill provides only for the
organization of a commission to adjudicate the
claims of the Rhode Island Company against Par-
aguay, which the treaty provides shall sit in the
city of Washington. The treaty provides further-,
that they shall sit but three months, and the ex-
penses are to be defrayed by the two Govern-
ments. The reason for present action, in my esti-
mation, is, that the commissioner from Paraguay
is here, and it would be desirable, for courtesy as
well as for other reasons, that it should take place
at once. The whole benefit of the commission is
to inure to this country, and the bill provides that
the expenses incurred by the United States shall
be defrayed out of the claims. I should think,
therefore, it would be very safe legislation. If
the Senator objects, though, I cannot ask for its
consideration.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall be perfectly willing to
take up the bill after we get through the present-
ation of papers. Most of us have our hands full
of such papers, and it is very inconvenient to
keep them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator to object for the present.
Mr. MA&ON renewed his request when the
morning business was disposed of; but Mr.
Trumbull objected to the consideration of the
bill to-day.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition of assistant
examiners and others in the Patent Office, pray-
ing to be paid, for the services which they have
performed in higher grades, the same compensa-
tion as the law allows for the duty which they
have respectively actually performed; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present the petition of H.
L. Bonsall and others, citizens of Camden coun-
ty, New Jersey, representing themselves to be
members of the national organization of Brother-
hood of the Union, Witherspoon Circle, No. 3,
of New Jersey, and one hundred and twenty-two
of the Continent, and others, irrespective of party,
praying the passage of a homestead bill granting
to every citizen able and willing to cultivate it a
farm of one hundred and sixty acres. As a bill
on that subjectisnow pending before the Senate,
I ask that the petition lie on the table. I will
state that I know nothing of the order referred to;
but I know many of the signers of the petition to
be highly respectable and intelligent gentlemen.
The petition was ordered to lie 011 the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented papers in relation
to the claim of John Dixon to bounty land,; .which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
it was
Ordered, That the petition of Ilcnry and G. K. Cheat-
ham, of Arkansas, piayim* compensation for removing the
raft m the Red river, on the fil<H of the Senafp, be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
it was
Ordered, That the petition of John B. and Thomas John-
son, praying the reimbmsement of expenses incurred m de-
fending a defective title to land from the United States, on
the liies of the Senate, be referred to the Committee oil
Claims.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I understand this morn-
ing that the memorial of the Great Falls Manu-
facturing Company, which I presented on Wed-
nesday, has been referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I ask, at the solicitation of the com-
pany, that they have leave to withdraw their
memorial from the files of the Senate. It may be
due to the Senate to state that they propose to pre-
sent the memorial to the House of Representa-
tives. They have no objection to a reference to
the Committee on Claims of this body. I make
this statement at their request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware that it was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and is
now in the custody of that committee." He can
move to discharge the committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the vote re-
ferring the memorial to the Judiciary Committee
bo reconsidered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Now I move that the me-
morialists have leave to withdraw their memorial
from the Senate.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
WASHINGTON CITY RAILWAY.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to give notice of an
amendment which I propose to move to Senate
bill No. 201, providing for a passenger railway in
Washington city; and as it is long, and will re-
quire to be printed, and as that bill will come up
