2886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
patch; but it seems to me to be a very improper
thing for Congress to be making congressional
contracts, as we call them, for the transportation
of the mail. They tie the hands of the Depart-
ment; we are very often misled in making such
contracts, and we very often make them at rates
far beyond those at which the same amount and
efficiency of service could be rendered by others
willing to contract for less. Now, the Postmaster
General has told me that he can have this service
performed by other parties at §20,000 a year. The
committee, therefore, thought, as we had given
up in every other case the system of congres-
sional contracts for the transportation of the mail
by the ocean, it would be better to strike outthis
provision, and restore the service by allowing
offers for competition. That is, at all events, the
fairest way. There is no partiality or private
advantage given to anybody by that system. We
secure the performance of the scrvice at a less rate
of cost to the Government, and do no injury to
any one. We are, certainly, under no obligation
to restore the contract to this particular vessel and
her owners. They will have an opportunity of
getting the contract by competition. Before I
conclude, I shall propose to modify the motion of
the committee, with their consent, so that wc may
first strike out those portions of the section which
it is desired to strike out, and have the question
put on the insertion of the provision in regard to
the Isabel route as a separate motion.
Then, sir, there is another provision, in what
we prop'ose to strike out, to which X would ask
the attention of the Senate for a very few mo-
ments. It is that
" Where the service has been actually performed by the
contractor notwithstanding such discontinuance, tlie Post-
master General shall pay the contractors as if no change
had been ordered; but the Postmaster Geneial shall not be
required to restore the scrvice on any of said routes beyond
one daily mail eacli way, nor to interfere with any changes
of service tiiai may have been made without reduction of
price."
Those last words are rather singular, and seem
to intimate that the price—the money—was the
thing they were after. The Postmaster General
when he came into office found himself without
any money appropriated by Congress for the use
of his Department. Undoubtedly, the reduction
which he has made must have been influenced by
that circumstance, as well as by those general
principles which ought to regulate him in regard
to the establishment or curtailment of service. He
has curtailed the service in many instances whore
the public interest did not require it. In others,
doubtless, he has curtailed it because he had no
money to carry on the Department, and it became
a matter of necessity, not of choice or discretion,
whether he would keep up the service as it was
on the 4th of March, 1S59. lint if you say that,
whore the contractors have been willing to carry,
and have carried, the mails in cases where, for
example, the service has been reduced to a tri-
weekly mail, the Postmaster General shall still
pay them as if he had not made any such reduc-
tion at all, it seems to me you authorize all the
contractors throughout the Union, whenever the
Postmaster General shall order a curtailment of
the service, to set him and Ins authority at defi-
ance, and make the interest of contractors, and
not the discretion of the Department, the govern-
ing power. I cannot but think that this is rather
a reproach upon the Postmaster General, which
T am not willing, for one, to throw upon him.
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMMOND, i was called out just now,
and was absent when the Senator was speaking
about the Isabel. I am informed that he stated
that the service for which the owneis of the Isa-
bel ask ^50,000, can be performed for $20,000.
Now, I should like to know from the Senator
whether there has been any specific offer, any-
thing reliable, or whether this is a mere vague idea
and coniecturc thrown out. I have heard of it
before; but we must act upon something more cer-
tain and specific than any general talk of persons
opposed to the line.
Mr. PEARCE. I was informed by the Post-
master General that the service proposed to be
performed by the Isabel would be performed by
others at the rate of $20,000 a year. Whether
that offer was made by a responsible party, who
had proper vessels or not, I do not know; nor is
it at all important for the Senate to consider. If
there are such parties who have proper vessels,
who are willing to do this service at the rate of
$20,000 a year, there should be no obstacle in our
legislation to their getting the contract.
Mr. HAMMOND. Not at all.
Mr. PEARCE. What we propose is, to sub-
mit this service to the competitors, to bidders, fix-
ing §50,000 as the maximum of compensation to
be allowed in any case. If there are no parties
ready to perform it at that price, those who are
ready to perform it at something more may get it.
The owners of the steamer Isabel will get it, if the
view of the Senator be correct. If there bono one
able and willing to take the contract at a lower
rate, the Isabel, which is ready to do it at this rate,
will have it, of course. But I do not think it is
proper to deprive the Government of the oppor-
tunity of getting the service at less cost, by making
it mandatory on the Department to make a con-
tract with the Isabel at §50,000. I only want it
left open to competition. If the facts are as the
Senator from South Carolina supposes, the Isa-
bel will be continued in the service. If not, she
ought not to be continued in the service. If per-
sons having proper vessels are ready and willing
to contract at a less rate, there should be nothing
in our legislation to prevent it.
I shall not at present trouble the Senate further
on this subject. My object is to have these amend-
ments made to the bill, which seem to me most
proper; and I now have the authority of the Fi-
nance Committee to vary the motion submitted
by them; and the first amendment, therefore, will
be to strike out the part of the bill indicated.
Mr. GWIN. As a member of the Finance
Committee, and one of those who agreed to this
report recommending the striking out of this part •
of the bill, I think it is proper that I should say
something in reply to the Senator from Mary-
land, particularly in regard to the mail service on
the Pacific coast.
Mr. COLLAMER. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds, I desire to ask what is the exact question
now before the Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. On striking out.
Mr. COLLAMER. The question is, as I un-
derstand, on striking out that provision of the bill
proposing to restore the discontinued service,and
has nothing to do with the overland Pacific ser-
vice.
Mr. HAMMOND. I think I can state the
proposition before the Senate. The proposition
before the Senate now is the amendment of the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mi'.Slidell,] requiring
that the two mail routes, the one from Charleston
via Key West to Havana, and the one from New
Orleans via Key West to Havana, shall be united.
Mr. HUNTER. That proposition is not now
pending. It will come up hereafter. The Com-
mittee on Finance have so modified their amend-
ment that there is now nothing before the Senate
except the question of striking out all that por-
tion of the bill which has been indicated. If we
should succeed in that, then there will come up a
proposition to insert the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance in regard to the Isabel line. As
the matter now stands, our proposition is not to
strike out and nisei t, but wc have made a motion
to strike out this proviso, and a motion to insert
the other proposition in a different place—not in
the blank to be created by this striking out.
Mr. GWIN. i shall only occupy the Senate
a short time for the purpose of making some re-
marks in reply to the Senator from Maryland, in
regard to the mail servfeo between the Atlantic
and the Pacific coasts. His remarks were general;
but as he is the first Senator who introduced the
subject, I wish he had given the history of that
service from its commencement.
It is well known to the Senate that the first steam-
ship service between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts
originated under the law of the 3d of March, IS47,
before California was a portion of the Confeder-
acy. By that act, a line of steamships was estab-
lished, running semi-monthly from New York to
the Isthmus of Panama, and monthly from there
to Astoria, at an annual cost of about six hundred
thousand dollars, without the expectation of re-
ceiving any revenue, or scarcely any, from the
postages for the conveyance of letteis or papers.
Hence it was paid for out of the Treasury, and
not charged to the Post Office Department at all.
It was a charge upon the Navy Department, This
was the only service we had to the Pacific coast
for ten years. If the Postmaster General says
that this has been the cause, as we are to infer
from the Senator's remarks, in part of breaking
down the Department, he does not understand its
history; but, with all due deference to the Senator
from Maryland, the Postmaster General does not,
I think, make this a prominent cause of the em-
barrassment of his Department.
As I have said, for ten years this was the only
mail service between the Atlantic and Pacific
States, In 3851 it was made a semi-monthly ser-
vice, from Panama to Astoria, at an increased com-
pensation making the aggregate $738,000, includ-
ing the transit across the Isthmus. The postage
originally was forty cents on a letter; which was
reduced m 1851 to six cents, and increased after-
wards in 1853, I think, to ten cents a letter. In
1857 it was the determination of Congress to
change the system of transporting the mails to the
Pacific coast, and to inaugurate a system of trans-
portation across the continent. Then it was that
the propriety of establishing the great overland
mail route was brought before the Senate and
elaborately discussed. It was then supposed by
many Senators to be entirely impracticable to
carry the mails across the continent, and by all, that
a great inducement should be held out to capital-
ists to invest their capital in the enterprise; and
hence, a very large subsidy was granted to make
the experiment—$300,000 for a semi-monthly,
$450,000 for a weekly, and $600,000 for a semi-
weekly mail. The Postmaster General made the
contract for semi-weekly service, and itwent into
operation. It was intended to supersede the ocean
service entirely, as was most emphatically stated
in debate when the law passed, and it was ne-
cessary to incur an increased expenditure during
the time the one service was going out and prep-
aration was made to start the other. The large
item for oceanic and inter-oceanic scrvice, to which
the Senator alluded, was for on e year's service, and
was not expected to be continued longer than the
overland service could supersede the ocean service.
There were other important considerations that
induced Congress to originate the system of over-
land scrvice, connected with the settlement and
development of the country through which these
routes passed. Afterwards, in order to demon-
strate which was the best, the Postmaster General
established several routes. Whether it was wise
economy or not, is a question yet to bo determ-
ined. The Salt Lake route was established when
we had a war with the Mormons, rendering it
necessary to have more constant mail communi-
cation. The first route established was from San
Antonio to San Diego, at a vast expense, to
make the experiment whether we could cross the
Indian country, two thousand miles, and carry a
mail at all; and a clause was put in that contract,
that whenever an increased service was estab-
lished under another contract, it was to be discon-
tinued. This experiment of carrying the mails
across the continent is a success; and I do not
regret the expense it has cost the Government to
prove it a success.
I admit this enormous expenditure, to which
the Senator has alluded, was an experiment to sec
if the mails could be carried across the continent,
and the ocean service, going thousands of miles
out of the United States, could be dispensed with.
The present Postmaster General, since he came
into office, has discontinued one of these overland
routes and curtailed the service on two others.
I am against this proviso of the House which
directs the restoration of the route discontinued,
and the restoration on one of the routes curtailed.
This route, fron San Antonio to San Francisco,
was merely an experiment to ascertain whether
or not the mails could be carried overland through
the desert, inhabited mostly by Indians. There
were four routes; one from San Antonio to San
Diego; the present great overland route, intercept-
ing the first north of San Antonio, and running
for a thousand miles over the same ground; the
route from Kansas City, by way of Santa Fe and
Albuquerque, to Stockton, (the thirty-fifth parallel
route;) and the Salt Lake route.
For ten years the ocean service to the Pacific
was not charged to the Post Office Department.
It was first put in the naval appropriation bills,
and afterwards in the mail steamer bills. During
the last year, owing to the failure of the Post Of-
fice appropriation bill, the Postmaster General
