422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
to excite public prejudice against it, is seeking,
by his acts—whether by design or otherwise, I
will not say—to stir up a state of feeling which,
when the judgment is pronounced, may induce
the people to curse the court, denounce the tribu-
nal, raise another cry like that which the Senator
from New York raised before, that we must re-
form the court and break it down. My object is
to keep it up to its present high position. It has
behaved in a manner that commands the admira-
tion of any honorable man. Profound for learn-
ing, honorable, and beyond the reproach of any
man under the sun, why is it wc cannot say that
that court shall be respected as the highest tribu-
nal of the land ? If so, and if there is nothing to
quarrel about, and we all agree to a subsequent
submission of this question, it needed no lon^
Harperessays; it needed no long replies: it needed
no long speeches; but leave the question cxactly
as it is, and then you and I, and all of us, can act
together against .the common enemy.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, it is very easy for
Senators to thrust their personal feeling and per-
sonal charactcr into a controversy. It has been
attempted by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,} and seems about to be repeated by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Green.] As to the
assertion of the Senator, that he knows that no
Senator ever pretended that the Territorial Legis-
lature had more power over this .subject than Con-
gress, let me say that Iu*cad yesterday four or
five extracts from my own speeches, in which I
declared in the Senate that Congress had no power
over the subject, because the Territorial Legisla-
ture had; that the very reason why Congress had
it not was that the Legislature had it, in my
opinion. If the repetition of it for four or five
years docs not convince the Senator, what is the
use of my repeating it now? I never did believe,
from the daytheWilmot proviso was offered,
that Congress had the power to prohibit or estab-
lish slavery. 1 believed then, and believe now,
that the Territorial Legislature lias it. At the
same time, I agree that it is a question which the
courts must decide; and when the Supreme Court
shall have decided it, 1 w^ll submit to the decision.
If it is in my favor, J expect others to submit to
it; if it is against me, I shall submit to it.
But the Senator from Missouri attempts another
strange proceeding. He says the court decided
so and so. I have been practicing the profession
of the law something over sixteen years; 1 have
been charged with the defense of men's lives and
liberty, and immense amounts of property; and I
am somewhat accustomcd to rely on my own
powers of legal judgment. I have examined the
Dred Scott case three or four or five times, with
the utmost care, for the purpose of arriving at
what the court intended to decide. I have stated
il to-day; and that there might be no mistake
about it, I reduced it, to form exactly, that there
might not be a word missed from beginning to
end. In my judgment, the court never decided,
never intended to decide this question; and I do
not intend that the Senator from Missouri shall
come into the Senate and say " the court has de-
cided so and so, and you must submit to it, or if
you do not submit to it, we will put you out of
the Democratic party." Some of us have a little
title in the Democratic party as well as the Sen-
ator. Some of these gentlemen who are so anxious
about us, might find themselves like the man who
took the captive, more anxious to get away than
the captive was.
I have said enough as to the accusation that the
oenator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] by his
Npecch at Freeport, led to a controversy in the
party. We are told by the Senator from Missouri
that debate has been brought here and division
introduced here. Who introduced it? Why, sir,
on the 23d of February, 1859, an honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]—-I do not
now see htm in his place—rose m the Senate and
not merely announced his opinion, but he called
upon the northern Democratic Senators, one by
one, to answer him. He did not allow us to be
silent; he challenged us to answer him, demanded
it of us upon our honor as Senators and- men to
answer him. We gave him our answer, and ac-
cording to the Senator from Missouri, while the
Senator from Mississippi was a peace-maker, we
are disorganizes. Who began it this session?
When the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
had a resolution to inquire into the occurrences at
Harper's Ferry, that might well have called not
only on every Democratic Senator from the North
and the South, but even upon Senators of every
other party to sink all ordinary considerations
and engage in the examination of a question like
that, the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson]
rose and once, twice, thrice assaulted by name
the Senator from Illinois who was sick in his bed,
and assaulted the entire Democratic party of the
northwestern States; and for answering that, for
vindicating our claims to respect—while the Sena-
tor from Georgia was a peace-maker, I was adis-
organizer. I say the whole controversy has been
thrust upon us under circumstances of indignity
and of outrage that left us no option but to pro-
test, as I do protest, that the further pressing of
this controversy and attempting to carry it in this
way will seal the fate of the Democratic party in
the United States.
But the Senator from Missouri said, and the
Senator from Mississippi repeated it, that I voted
with the Senator from Illinois to annul certain
acts of the Legislature of Kansas, in July, 1856;
and the Senator from Missouri, instead of turn-
ing to the pages where the vote is recorded, and
the explanations which accompanied it, goes off
to another speech, where the matter was intro-
duced collaterally into a debate between my col-
league and myself. What were the laws which
he says wc proposed to repeal ? Laws on the
subject of the admission or exclusion of slavery?
We had no objections to them. It was the attempt
of the first Legislature in that Territory, which
many persons said harl not been fairly elected, to
seek by extraordinary legislation to prevent any-
body else but their own friends from voting, and
thereby secure to themselves power in the Terri-
tory until the end of time. How did wc inter-
fere ? Did wc annul the laws ? Not at all. We
applied the principles of the bill of rights of the
Constitution of the United States to the Territory
of Kansas, and left it to the judiciary to decide
which, if any, of the statutes of Kansas contra-
vened those general principles. This was done
by the Geycr amendment, which was offered here
by a Senator from Missouri as an amendment to
what is called the Toombs bill.
The Toombs bill contained, m its eighteenth
section, what was called the "bill of rights."
There was at that time, previously to the decision
of the Dred Scott case, u veiy serious difference
of opinion as to whether or not the Constitution
of the United States extended to the Territories.
It was the subject of a very bitter controversy at
one time between a Senator from Louisiana and
the groat Senator from Massachusetts, and I do
not know hut that Mr. Webster to the end of his
life denied that the Constitution of the United
States extended to a Territory, and in fact until
the Dred Scott decision that point was not settled.
But, to avoid thatdiflicul ty, the Senator from Geor-
gia introduced into his bill, and wc enacted, every
one of the provisions of the bill of rights attached i
to the Constitution of the United States. And to i
that section Mr. Gcyer moved to add these words:
" No laws shall be made, or have forcc or effect in saul
Territory, which shall require a t'est oath, or oath to support
any act of Congress or other legislative act, as a qualifica-
tion for any civil office or public trust, or for any employ-
ment or profession, or to serve as a juror, or vote at an
election, or which shall impose any tax upon, or condition
to, the exercise of the right of suffrage by any qualified
voter, or which shall restrain or prohibit thefice discussion
of any law or subjcct of legislation in the said Territory,
or the free expression of opinion theicon by the people of
said Teiritoiy."
That is the whole amount of congressional in-
terference in that case. We loft it to the judiciary
to decide what laws of the Territory, if any, con-
travened these general principles, and we put that
into the Toombs hill as a fundamental condition, by
way of amendment to the organic act. Now, I pro-
pose to read what I said on that occasion, for I did
not give that vote without some explanation. It
was on the 2d day of July, 1856. I could not go
very extendedly into the subject, for, if my recol-
lection serves me, it was about six o'clock in the
morning, after we had been in session from twelve
o'clock the preceding noon, that we came to vote
on that amendment. Here is what I said: I
In fact it must result, when wo have attuned the right I
to establish an organic law, that we can perfect that organic s
law. Surely, if we ascertain upon experience that we have I
omitted something that was essential to the organization, j
we can supply it. The simple question now is, not whether j
we shall mteiferc with the local affairs of Kansas Terri-
tory in any general sense, butwhether we bhull put amend-
ments which were appropriate to the general bill, and
which, I undertake to say, would have been adopted in the
original bill, if this controversy had been perceived. I agree
to much that has been said by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown.] X mean to refrain, to the last possible de-
gree, from interfering with those statutes; but when [ am
satisfied that any act of the Legislature has gone beyond
the purposes of the organic law, that the Legislature has
usurped an authority never intended to be confened, and
which, if exercised, overthrows the organic law, I am
bound to go to the extent of setting that right, but no fur-
ther."
Again,after the Senator from Mississippi [Mr,
Brown] had interrupted me:
" I shall stand by the side of the Senator in defense of
the doctrines of non-intervention; and whenever he showa
me that any proposition contained in the amendment of
the Senatoi fiom Missouri goes beyond the purpose of the
original act, or would have been inappropriate as an amend-
ment to the original act, I shall vote to strike that out. I
shall not vote to overturn the laws of the Territory. I shall
simply vote to perfect the organic law by declaring that
nobody, whether it be the Territorial Legislature, or any
other body, shall put on the inhabitants of Kansas any con-
ditions which were not designed by Congress.Appendix
to Congressional Globe, Thirty-Fourth Congress, first ses-
sion, page 803.
I have offered to go that far this very session
of Congress upon the subjcct of slavery. I have
said that if you will show me a Territory where
the people, not in good faith, acting for their own
advantage through their Representatives, but for
the purpose of endeavoring to usurp the control
and possession of the Territory, and excluding
citizens, make these discriminations in bad faith,
in fraud, I will go as far as I went then in amend-
ment of the organic act to prevent such a thing.
That is not the question. *
I see, too, by one of the newspapers, it is sol-
emnly paraded that on that same occasion the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] and I voted
against an amendment offered by his colleague
declaring that the true intent and meaning of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill was that the Territorial Le-
gislature could prohibit slavery. Well, sir, if the
Senator who made that publication had turned to
the Globe, he would have understood it in a mo-
ment. The Toombs bill was a bill to provide for
the organization of a State government, and when
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] offered
his proposition, which he did twice, the friends
of the bill, not merely the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] and myself, both of whose re-
marks arc upon the record, but the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] not now in his scat,
and the Senator from Michigan, now the Secre-
tary of State, (Mr. Cass,) rose in their places and
saitl that the amendment had no pertinency to the
original bill, and that wc were not to be persuaded
to go into such a controversy at that stage of
the question, and it was voted against and kept
out of the Toombs bill, as the record will show,
expressly on the ground that it had no pertinency
tu the original proposition. At the same time I
forgot to give you, sir, [Mr. Bigler in the chair,]
the credit of one of those same explanations. It
was said certainly by the Senator from Illinois,
by General Cass, and by myself, and, if I mis-
take not, by you, that whereas we were in favor
of the principle of the proposition, we would not
vote to put it on that bill. Yet that is solemnly
paraded in the country as a declaration of opinion
by the Senator from Illinois and myself that wc
did not understand the Kansas-Nebraska bill to
authorize that sort of legislation by the Territory.
I refer to these things to show that, while the
Senator from Missouri holds us up and charges
us with creating this disturbance in the country,
and while the Senator from Mississippi speaks of
our selecting extracts from decisions and from
speeches, there has not been left a stone unturned,
not even a pebble, that could be brought in to
convict the Senator from Illinois and myself of
having undergone some change. I think the old
case of the wolf and the lamb is revived.
But the Senator from Missouri says the coun-
try has been flooded with speeches on this sub-
ject. Who has flooded it? Has it been the Presi-
dent of the United States? Has it been the Vice
President of the United States ? Has it been the
Senator himself ? Who introduced all this dis-
cussion ? Who thrust it into the President's mes-
sage? Who addresses State Legislatures? Who
begins discussions here? When these things are
thrust upon us, if some Senators feci it due to
themselves to make answer, they are to be accused
of creating a disturbance in the country if they
dare to open their mouths in the way of response.
