1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reduced all this service except the great overland
mail, which he could not do, according to the opin-
ion of the Attorney General, without violating the
law, for it was a legislative contract. The Post
Office Committee of the Senate have been endeav-
oring, for the last five or six months, to establish
a system of overland mails, in order to reduce the
expenses and to do away entirely with carrying
the mails by the ocean line, which we could do,
in my judgment, if we could abolish the franking
privilege. That would greatly diminish the ex-
pense. We have a bill before the Senate, which
we have been endeavoring for two months past
to get considered, which I think will decrease
the expenditure very nearly a million dollars,
and double, if not quadruple, the efficiency of the
service.
I wish merely to state, so far as the Senator's
allusion to the service of the Pacific coast is con-
cerned, that it was an entirely new and untried
system, transporting the mails nearly three thou-
sand miles across the continent on the great over-
land mail,and on otherroutes two thousand miles,
or approaching it, and through a country mostly
uninhabited by white men, but filled with Indians,
and communicating between thesettlements on the
Atlantic and Pacific States, to see whether or not
the mails could be thus transported semi-weekly
instead of semi-monthly. I think the experiment
has been successful; but it must necessarily cost
money in making it the permanent policy of the
Government. 1 am in favor of continuing the
rate of letter postage at ten cents. We on the other
side of the mountains have never objected to that
rate if we could only have our communications as
rapidly as possible. I believe we can establish
a system by which the expenses can be reduced
$1,000,000, and we can have a daily mail, on the
central line, within eighteen days from the Mis-
souri river and San Francisco. The extreme
northern service is to be provided for. We are n
great people—our country running from the Gulf
of Mexico to the forty-ninth parallel; and we have
settlements on the Pacific coast from 320 to 4flo,
and it is the duty of Congress to supply thatcoast
with mail facilities. I was in favor of striking
out this proviso, in order that, if the House in-
sisted on it, we might be enabled to devise a plan
by which the restoration could be effected with-
out injustice to any portion of the country, and
without forcing the continuance of improper and
unnecessary routes.
Now, in regard to the local service in Califor-
nia, I am perfectly confident that, at the time the
reduction took place, they were carrying the mails
on the principal routes curtailed in that State
oftener than the contracts require. That is to
say, where the con tract called for service six times
a week, they were carrying the mails seven times
a week; and where the service was tri-weekly,
they were carrying the mail six or seven Limes a
week; and when the Department reduced the ser-
vice, from six times a week to tri-weekly, they
still continued to carry the mails seven times a
week, under a regulation of the Department which
provides that if a contractor runs ins stages more
frequently than his contract requires, he shall
carry the mails by every stage. The stages on
those routes were running daily on account of the
passenger travel, and they carried the mail, as the
Post Office agent required them to do, under the
regulations of the Department. When the ser-
vice was reduced, they could not stop their stages
and bring them down to semi-weekly or tri-
weekly, because the accommodation of the public
had to be provided for; and if they had not carried
the mails, the express companies would have
taken the letters seven times a week, and charged
our citizens tencentsalettcr; v/hen,iftheniail was
conveyed daily, they would have received them for
three cents. In my judgment, the local service
in California may be well left to the discretion of
the Postmaster General, for he himself would say
at once that, if he had had the proper appropria-
tions, he would not have curtailed it. I wish to
put this proviso in such a form that the responsi-
bility shall be on the Department of restoring the
service which is absolutely needed. Some por-
tions of the proviso I am in favor of; but I thought
it was better to strike it all out, and have a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I listened to
the honorable Senator from Maryland withagreat
deal of pleasure, and I concur with him in much
that he hassaid about the enormousexpenses of our
Post Office Department, and the necessity of re-
ducing our public expenditures in that respect. I
cannot concur, however, in a disposition which has
been shown to stop the line between Havana, Sa-
vannah, and Key West; and while I accord to the
Postmaster General an earnest disposition to do
what is right, and the highest integrity, which he
has brought to bear on this subject, and feel, in
common with others, grateful to him that he has
brought these enormous expenditures to our no-
tice, and while I am ready to cooperate with him
in any just measure of retrenchment, I think, on
reflection, the Senate will hardly be willing to
reduce this special line, when the paltry sum of
$50,000 shall be contrasted with the great benefits
the country derive from it. If you strike out the
provision of the House, you get entirely rid of
the line without any provision for it, unless you
adopt that which the Committee on Finance have
adopted; and 1 think I see a disposition on the
part of that committee even to get rid of their own
amendment, if possible.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator is mistaken in
that.
Mr. MALLORY. It maybe very well, sir,
for the Senate to understand how that line origin-
ated, and why it is that this particular vessel is
mentioned m this clause. I have never voted, to
my knowledge, for any special legislation. On
principle I am always averse to it. I am not en-
tirely convinced that I am altogether correct here,
for on broad principles I object to special legisla-
tion; but I feel bound to give the reasons which
have operated with others. In 1847, Congress
passed an act creating this line, and appropriating
the sum of $50,000 to put service mi it. Why
was it? It was because a large and important sec-
tion of the country was without a mail.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. Congiess never passed an act of that sort.
They did pass an act by which they authorized
the Post Office Department to set up foreign mails,
and the Post Office Department set up one to
Southampton and Bremen,and one to Havre, and
put on those lines the steamships Washington
and Hermann. The Post Office Department, un-
der the same authority to setup foreign mails, of
its own motion set up the $50,000 Isabel contract
without any special act of Congress.
Mr. MALLORY. I think what I have said is
entirely consistent with the explanation of the
honorable Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is this difference in
it: he paid for it out of the Post Office funds.
Mr. MALLORY. Precisely. I had something
to do with the passage of the act for the establish-
ment of these lines myself. The Senator is en-
tirely correct in what lie says. I do not say there
was an act passed for this particular line; but
there was an act passed m 1847 by which service
was authorized to be put upon it. I was more
desirous to get the date right. Under this act,
giving authority to establish this line, the Post-
master General advertised for service to be car-
ried in a ship of not less than one thousand tons,
and which might be,upon an emergency, used as
a war vessel, or converted into a war ship. There
were other bids, but the bid of Mordecai & Co.
was taken, and the ship was built in Baltimore—
more than a thousand tons, her tonnage is a little
over eleven hundred—confessedly one of the finest
steamships, if not the best, of her size that ever
has been built in our country. As an evidence of
it, she has been running now ever since 1848, is
still upon the ocean, and is in perfectand thorough
order, because during two months in each year she
is laid up by her owners and another steamer
supplies her place, and she undergoes a perfect
renovation, and has been, perhaps, thoroughly
fastened and refitted three or four different times
since she was built.
A portion of this country, as I mentioned be-
fore, was entirely destitute of a mail, embracing the
very great commercial interests congregated about
the Florida reefs, where, from that time to this, and
for the ten years preceding, we may say, perhaps,
that the amount of property involved in marine
losses has averaged from a million to two million
dollars per annum. That property is the min-
gled property of the whole Confederacy—rthe prod-
uce of the great West, the shipping of the East,
and the seamen of the eastern and middle States—
property in which the State of Florida, indeed,
had very little interest. Independent of that, the
Government was constructing two important for-
tifications to guard the Gulf stream. They had
very large forces, involving very large expendi-
tures there. At the island of Key West they
established an admiralty court and a military,
station and naval station. There were other im-
portant national reasons which demanded mail
communication. Without some such lineas this,
they were totally divested of it. The Isabel was
Eut on the line; and she has continued to perform
er trips with a regularity which has been unpre-
cedented in this or any other country. I have
before me letters of the American consuls at Ha-
vana, and of underwriters of various States of the
Union, all of which go to show that her coming
to Havana was looked upon as regularly as the
rising run. She was scarcely ever an hour be-
hind time. It is fair to observe that,had not this
clause been put into the bid, that the vessel was
to be a thousand tons and to be susceptible of
being converted to war purposes, the owners, for
the trade between Havana and Charleston, and
Savannah and Key West, would never have built
a vessel of that size or of that character. The
trade and the passengers would not warrant it.
I will say here that the actual expenditures of the
vessel, as shown by her own books, after investi-
gation, must be, for labor and coal alone, §8,000
per month. These expenditures arose, of course,
out of the conduct of the Department itself in re-
quiring a vessel of this kind. Now, at this time
to discard the Isabel, without finding any other
line for her, as a matter of course is to throw her
on the hands of the owners. Of that, perhaps,
they cannot complain ofthe Government. I merely
state all the facts.
Whether this view shall be sufficient to justify
this special legislation for the Isabel, I will not
undertake to say; but I will answer this proposi-
tion, in order that we may not be mistaken about
the subject. The bid for this route has heretofore
been an open bid. The Postmaster General has
not made the contract especially with the Isabel
without calling upon the world at large; but no
offer has been received at the Post Office Depart-
ment, during either the second or third times it has
been offered, for any lower sum than the $50,000.
The Isabel has always been the lowest bid pro-
posed, and if you leave the question an open one,
she may still be the lowest offer; but tfte Isabel
has received, in fact, $60,000, in this wise; the
offer contemplated $50,000 for semi-monthly trips
during ten months of the year, and during the two
other months, that were required for the renova-
tion of the vessel, the contractor was required to
carry the mails in sailing vessels at a very small
cost, giving a very small charter. Unfortunately,
that was at a season of the year when there was
very little wind, in the months of July and August,
and the mail generally took a month from Charles-
ton to Key West; so that it, in fact, amounted to
no facility at all. At a subsequent day, Congress
gave $10,000 additional for the mail to be carried
during those two months by steam; so that, for
steamer service heretofore, the sum has been
$60,000, instead of $50,000, a year.
The idea has been thrown out—I suppose it is
not seriously put by the Senator from Maryland,
but he says he is informed by the Postmaster
General that this service can be put on for $20,000.
The Senator from Maryland will do the subject
the justice to agree with me that this is a very
common method of underrating the services of
contractors on any given route, and endeavoring
to make some alteration to their disadvantage.
The bid has been open to the world heretofore,
and no offer less than this sum has been received;
and I undertake to say that the Postmaster Gen-
eral has not before him this day any letter, any
specific offer, for a less sum than $20,000, There-
fore, the mere opinion thrown out, even though
it comes from the Postmaster General, that he
thinks he can get the service done for a less sum
of money, I trust will not hold with the Senate;
for whether'the bids be open or not, 1 have not
the least doubt that the Isabel will be the lowest
bidder at $50,000. The sum is not a large one.
The distance is from six hundred and fifty to
seven hundred miles, on the stormiest coast that
is known to us. The steamer is required to make
her time at about ten knots per hour; that is about
the average going of ordinary steamships. She
usually makes the time from Havana to Charles-
