APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Message
of tltc. Preside ill.
Sen-ate & Ho. of Eeps.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OP THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow- Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
Our deep and heart-felt gratitude is due to that
Almighty Power which has bestowed upon us
such varied §*nd numerous blessings throughout
the past year. The general health of the country-
has been excellent; our harvests have been un-
usually plentiful, and prosperity smiles throughout
the kind. Indeed, notwithstanding our demerits,
we have much reason to believe, from the past
events in our history, that wo have enjoyed the
special protection of Divine Providence ever since
our origin as a nation. "We have been exposed
to many threatening and alarming difficulties m
our progress; but on each successive occasion the
impending cloud has been dissipated at the mo-
ment it appeared ready to burst upon our head,
and the danger to our institutions has passed away.
May wc ever be under the Divine guidance and
protection!
Whilst it is the duty of the President "from
time to time to give to Congress information
of the state of the Union," 1 shall not refer m
detail to the recent sad and bloody occurrences
at Harper's Perry. Still, it is proper to observe
that these events, however bad and cruel in them-
selves, derive their chief importance from the
apprehension that they are but symptoms of an
incurable disease in the public mind, which may
break out iu still more dangerous outrages, irnd
terminate at last in an open war by the North *o
abolish slavery in the South. Whilst, for my-
self, I entertain no such apprehension, they ought
to afford a solemn warning to us all to beware of
the approach of danger. Our Union is a stake of
such inestimable value as to demand our constant
and watchful vigilance for its preservation. In
this view, let me implore my countrymen, North
and South, to cultivate the ancient feelings of mu-
tual foibearance and good-will towardseach other,
and strive to allay the. demon spirit of sectional
hatred and strife now alive m the land. This ad-
vice proceeds from the heart of an old public func-
tionary, whose service commenced in the last
generation, amongthe wise and conservative states-
men of that day, now nearly all passed away, and
whose first and dearest earthly wish is to leave his
country tranquil, prosperous, united, and pow-
erful.
"We ought to reflect that in this age, and espe-
cially in this country, there is an incessant flux
and reflux of public opinion, ducstions which
in their day assiuned a most threatening aspect,
have now nearly gone from the memory of men.
They are " volcanoes burnt out, and on the lava
and ashes and squalid scoria* of old eruptions
grow the peaceful ohvo, the cheering vine, and
the sustaining corn.'*' Such, in my opinion, will
prove to be the fate of the present sectional ex-
citement, should those who wisely seek to apply
the remedy continue always to confine their effoi ts
within the pale of the Constitution. If this course
be pursued, the existing agitation on the subject
NRwtares-Nn. 1.
of domestic slavery, like everything human, will
have its day and give place to other and less
threatening controversies. Public opinion in this
country is all-powerful, and when it reaches a
dangerous excess upon any question, the good
sense of the people will furnish the corrective and
bring it back within safe limits. Still, to hasten
this auspicious result, at the present crisis, we
ought to remember that every rational creature
must be presumed to intend the natural conse-
quences of his own teachings. Those who an-
nounce abstract doctrines subversive of the Con-
stitution and the Union, must not be surprised
should their heated partisans advance one step
further and attempt by violence to cany these
doctrines mto practical effect. In this view of
the subject it ought never to bo forgotten- that,
however great may have been the political ad-
vantages resulting from the Union to every por-
tion of our common country, these would all
prove to be as nothing should the time ever ar-
rive when they cannot be enjoyed without serious
danger to the personal safety of the people of
fifteen members of the Confederacy. If the peace
of the domestic fireside throughout these States
should ever be invaded—if the mothers of families
within this extensive region should not be able
to retire to rest at night without suffering dread-
ful apprehensions of what may be their own fate
and that of their children before the morning—
it would be vain to recount to such a people the
political benefits which result to them from the
Union. Self-preservation is the first instinct of
nature; and therefore any state of society in which
the sword is all the time suspended over the heads
of the people must at last become intolerable. But
I indulge in no such gloomy forebodings. On the
contrary, 1 firmly believe that the events at Har-
per's Ferry, by causing* the people to pause and
reflect upon the -possible peril to their cherished
institutions, will be the means, under Providence,
of allaying the existing excitement and prevent-
ing future outbreaks of a similar character. They
will resolve that the Constitution andjJie Union
shall not be endangered by rash counsel, know-
ing- that, should " the silver cord bo loosed or the
golden bowl be broken" * '• "at
the fountain," human power could never reunite
the scattered and hostile fragments.
I cordially congratulate you upon the final settle-
ment by the Supreme Court of the United States
of the question of slavery m the Territories, which 1
had presented an aspect so truly formidable at the !
commencement of my administration. The right
has been established of every citizen to take his
property of any kind, including slaves, into the
common Territories belonging equally to all the
States of the Confederacy, and to have it pro-
tected there under the Federal Constitution. Nei- !
ther Congress nor a Territoriai Legisla ture norany I
hujnan power has any authority to annul or im- J
pair this vested right. The supreme judicial tri- I
bunal of the country, which is a coordinate branch ,
of the Government, has sanctioned and affirmed |
these principles of constitutional Jaw, so rnani- j
festly just 111 themselves, and so well calculated j
to promote peace and harmony among the States. !
It is a striking proof of the sense of justice which !
, is inherent in our people, that the property in
j slaveshas never been disturbed,to my knowledge,
1 in any of the Territories. Even throughout the
late troubles m Kansas there has not been any
attempt, as I am credibly informed*, to interfere,
in a single instance, with the right of the master.
Had any such attempt been made, the judiciary
would doubtless have afforded an adequate rem-
edy. Should they fail to do this hereafter, it will
then be time enough to strengthen their hands b.y
further legislation. Had it been decided that either
Congress or the Territorial Legislature possess the
' power to annul or impair the right to property m
! slaves, the evil would be intolerable. In the latter
: event, there would be a struggle for a majority of
1 the members of the Legislature at each successive
I election, and the sacred rights of property held
t under the Federal Constitution would dependfor
; the tune being on the result. The agitation would
I thus be rendered incessant whilst the territorial
[condition remained, and its baneful influence
! would keep alive a dangerous excitement among
j the people of the several States.
! Thus has the status of a Territory, during, the
intermediate period from its first settlement until
it shall become a State, been irrevocably fixed by
the final decision of the Supreme Court. Fortu-
nate has this been for the prosperity of the Terri-
tories, as well as the tranquillity of the States.
Now, emigrants from the North and the South,
the East and the West, will meet in the Territo-
ries on a common platform, having brought with
them that species of property best adapted, in
their own opinion,to promote theirwelfare. From
natural causes the slavery question will in each
case soon virtually settle itself; and before the
Territory is prepared for admission as a State into
the Union this decision, one way or the other,
will have been a foregone conclusion. Meanwhile
the settlement of the new Territory will proceed
without serious interruption, and its progress and
prosperity will not be endangered or retarded by
violent political struggles.
When, in the pi ogress of events, the inhabit-
ants of any Territory shall have reached the num-
ber required to form a State, they will then pro-
ceed, in a regular manner, and in the exercise of
I the rights of popular sovereignty, to form a con-
j sutation preparatory to admission into the Union.
: A Iter this has been done, to employ the language
! of the Kansas and Nebraska act, they 44 shall be
! received into the Union with or without slavery,
- as their constitution may prescribe at the time of
I their admission." This sound principle has hap-
1 pily been rccognized, in some form or other, by
: an almost unanimous vote of both Houses of the
| last Congress.
j All lawful means at my command have been
i employed, and shall continue to be employed, to
: execute the laws against the African slave trade.
, After a most careful and rigorous examination of
j our coasts, and a thorough investigation of the
j subject, we have not been able to discover that
i any slaves have been imported into the United
States, except the cargo by the Wanderer, num-
bering between three and four hundred. Those
engaged in this unlawful enterprise have been
rigorously prosecuted, bat not with as muchsuo-
