1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
I do not object to the Senator flooding my State
with his speeches. I have sent a great many of
his speeches there 011 other occasions myself, and
if he is able to bear the expense, I shall be very
much obliged to him if he will give every con-
stituent I have a copy of his speech, and I wish
him joy of all the converts he will make by it.
I have never believed that the discussion of any
question, fairly conducted, would injure the Dem-
ocratic party, or injure any other party that ought
to be allowed to stand; but what I complain of
is that instead of standing by a contract, plainly
written, thoroughly understood, some Senators
and persons outside of this Chamber undertake to
violate it in tho most flagrant and shameless man-
ner; and then, because wc do not submit to it,
think that the lash of executive dictation, turn-
ing out postmasters and custom-house officers,
will coerce freemen into a change of sentiment.
The Senator from Missouri says he is not for
intervention Then, what is he for ? What does
he want us to do ? The Senator from Georgia
wants us forthwith, as soon as the House of Rep-
resentatives is organized, to pass some bill by
which a man can take his slave into the Territo-
ries and hold him against all power, not merely
legislative power, but hold and protect him against
anybody that may desire to tamper with or run
off with a slave; and I believe one of the Senators
from Mississippi wanted us to pass a law that we
would never allow a man to make another per-
son's slave drunk by giving him liquor. -
Mr. DAVIS. Which Senator from Missis-
sippi ? #
Mr. PUGrH. I did not mean you, sir. Your
colleague asked bow could they have slaves in a
Territory if somebody might come along and give
a slave liquor, and make him worthless; and he
wanted a law to make that punishable. That is
my recollection.
What, then, is the use of your Territorial Le-
gislature? Why do you not abolish it' Why pay
money to men to meet in the various Territories
and make laws, when their laws amount to noth-
ing? If that is the case, why not take all this
power into our own hands? After the Democratic
party of the United States has stood since the year
1846, proclaiming in its platform, proclaiming by
the mouths of its orators, South and North, that
it desired to drive the subject of slavery out' of
Congress, we have the doors thrown open wide,
and the negro is brought in triumphant proces-
sion right back at the end of all our labor. It
seemed to me, in listening to the speech of the
Senator from Georgia, that he really thought the
only use of white men was to guard negroes and
carry them safely into the Territories wherever
they want to go.
Now, sir, I do not understand that sort of half-
way sovereignty for which the Senator from Mis-
souri contends, and which is also contended for
on the other side by the Philadelphia platform.
I understand the Republican party and the Sena-
tor from Missouri as starting together, and to be
•equally inconsistent. The Republicans say that
Congress has sovereign power over the Territory,
but its sovereignty can only bo exerted to pro-
hibit slavery. The Senator from Missouri says
that Congress has sovereign power over the Ter-
ritory, but it can only be exerted to establish or
protect slavery. Now, I say, if it has sovereign
power, it can do either—the one as well as the
other. This one-legged sovereignty is a very
small affair. It can do both if it can do either
When you satisfy me that Congress has sover-
eign power over the Territories, then you will have
<1 chance to try me on the Wilmot proviso.
Well, sir, the Senator from Missouri objects to
the phrase " popular sovereignty." He says the
Territories are not sovereign, that we acknowledge
they are not sovereign. In a strict technical sense
I acknowledge they arc not; but I think we are
befogged in the course of this discussion by mere
phrases. Senators seem to imagine that it is a
kind of inevitable necessity that there should be
sovereignty somewhere. I do not think there is
any sovereignty in a Territory, and I do not see
why the word is interpolated into the discussion.
It is not to found in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and I doubt whether it is to be found
in the constitution of a single State. It is a mere
ghost brought in here to confuse a subject which
might otherwise be plain enough. I have heard
this phrase "popular sovereignty7' used—I did
not invent it—merely 111 contradistinction to the
claim of congressional sovereignty. It was claimed
011 the one side that Congress had sovereign
power. The other side merely said the people
have whatever sovereignty the case admits of.
Mr. President, the Senator from Geogia under-
took to admonish me and the rest of us as to what
ought to be done at the Charleston convention.
He said:
" The southern States ought to demand of their northern
brethren that, in the establishment of every territorial gov-
ernment by Congress, their slave property should be put
upon the Mime looting of ali other propeity which shall be
earned into the Territories; that it be lecogmzed as prop-
erly; that ihe relations ot the paities be regulated and de-
fined, and that ample remedies be piovided for its protec-
tion and enjoyment during the existence of the temtorial
government. They ought to demand that thc&c rights should
be .so recognized, and their piopeity ^o piotected that they
may feci seeut e and safe in emigratingto the Territory with
their slaves; and in the event that Congress should refuse
ui fail to dccoid to them these acts of simple justice and
equality, if it should come short of its duty, and its whole
duty, the most sacred duty of all governments, to provide
for the secuiity, protection, and enjoyment of all its* citi-
zens, of their lives, libertj, and property, then the sfouth
should no longer remain in a Union which thus fails to ac-
complish the objects of its formation, and without which Jt
would be a curse rather than a blessing. And, sir. I say now
to the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. PnGiiJand all the noithcm
Democracy, that, in my opinion, the southern States ought,
111 the Chaileston convention, to demand the plain and un-
mistakable recognition of these rights of the southern peo-
ple in (he Terntoiies of the United State*, aa a condition
precedent to any party affiliation with the noithcm Dcmoc-
lacy; and should the delegates Iroin the free States refuse
to lecogmze these rights, then, sii, the houthcrn delegates
should no longer hold political associations with them, bat
withdraw lrom the convention and take steps to rally the
southern people in the formation of a party at home, which
should he based upon the simple and'sound proposition of
< equality in Uie Union, or independence out of it.' "
If such bo the sentiment of the Democratic party
in the southern States, I hope their delegates will
so proclaim on the first day of the convention. I
have the advantage of the Senator from Georgia;
for although my Democratic constituents have not
the power to reelect mc as one of the Senators
from Ohio, they have elected me to represent them
at Charleston. 1 shall go thither as a delegate
with their instructions—instructions which coin-
cide with my own sentiments, and which 1 shall
obey to the letter.
It is immaterial to me, and to the entire Democ-
racy of the Northwest, whether the honorable
Senator does or does not support the nominees of
that convention for President and Vice President.
Wc intend to support them, unless, indeed, south-
ern fanaticism, carried to the pitch of mere folly,
should drive us from the convention before any
nominations arc made. If you concur in our
choice for President and Vice President, the can-
didates will be elected, and all the more triumph-
antly for the opposition of the Senator from Geor-
gia and those who sympathize with him. Jf you
nominate men who are not acceptable to us, but
who, in their anxiety to be nominated, or forany
other cause, have sought ail manner of ways, reg-
ular and irregular, in seasonand out of season, to
profess their devotion towards the strange gods
which Mi. Buchanan has lately set up to be wor-
shiped, 1 give you distinct notice th.it they will
be defeated as surely as the day of election shall
arrive. You will thereby convince the people of
the non-slaveholdmg Slates, one and oil, without
distinction of parties, that no faith can be reposed
in the Democracy of the South, and no sacrifice
entitle any man to their generosity or admiration.
1 say this not in anger, and certainly not with
pleasure. It is impossible for me to act with the
Republican or the American party. I sec nothing
in either of them to command my confidence. I
agree with the Democratic party in respect to the
rights of the Federal Government, and (especially)
tho reserved rights of the States; in respect to
finance; to the currency; to the retrenchment of
public expenditures; to a tariff strictly for reve-
nue; to the propriety of acquiring Cuba and ex-
ercising a decisive control over Mexico, Central
America, and the whole of this continent; to free-
dom of conscience and equality of rights as be-
tween our native, and naturalized citizens: to all
that has yet been said or done, in general conven-
tion, upon the subject of slavery m the States and
Territories;the protection of slave property on the
high seas and in the public domain where territo-
rial governments have not been organized, together
with the prompt and faithful rendition of fugitives
from service. It remains for you, gentlemen of
the South, to decide whether hundreds,and thou-
sands, and tens of thousands, in the northern and
northwestern States, who sympathize with me,
shall be your allies or be neutral in November
next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose it is too late for
me to go on now.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. I hope we shall have an exec-
utive session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If I do not lose the right
to tho floor. I will yield to my friend from Mis-
souri.
Mr. GREEN. I shall say nothing on what has
been said by the Senator from Ohio and the Sen-
ator from Illinois, until the latter fires at the lump,
as he calls it, and then he will find a proper re-
sponse.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to say one word there.
I came here with no expectation of making a
speech, unless I should say a few words 011 tho
monstrous and wicked outrage that has been per-
petrated at Harper's Ferry. These other ques-
tional had discussed until I was willing to let
them stand on my own record. Anything that I
have to say in the future on them, will be purely
in self-defense; but, as I saw a disposition, as I
thought, to " double teams" on mc, as they did
last year when a debate grew up, live or, six on
ono; and, as the state of my health does not en-
able mc to take each one in turn, I simply said:
il Gentlemen, when you get through with your
assaults on my record, on my political character,
I will reply to you in general;" but I have no
assaults to make on any one.
Mr. GREEN. That is exactly my condition.
My health is worse than that of the Senator from
Illinois, for I am hardly able to sit here in my seat
through the day; but, if he fires at the lump, he
will find a Roland for bis Oliver.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Illinois cer-
tainly has no right to say there is any disposition
here to " double teams" on him. He got up and
made a statement which was an arraignment of
every Democratic Senator as having concurrently
sustained him for eleven years in an opinion for
which they had finally decapitated him. That
certainly was not my position as one of the Dem-
ocratic Senators. 1 chose to reply to him, and
very briefly did I reply.
1 he Senator magnifies himself when he sup-
poses that there is any combination against him.
Why, sir, I tell him, on this side of the Chamber
there are many who are willing to meet him, man
to man, at any time. He altogether exalts him-
self above his level when he supposes there is a
combination here to oppress him. I was as willing
to leave him without assault as he could have
been to leave me. He was not in my mind. I
was not busy about him at all, and if he had not
interposed in the debate to make remarks which
seemed to render it proper, if not necessary, forme
to respond, I certainly should have said nothing
in relation to him. As to his firing on the lump,
he had better get through with one before he takes
the lump. lie may find that he has enough to
do when he finishes one man without invoking
all the Democracy to stand up together in order
that ho may kill them at oncc. The Senator from
Missouri gave him wager of battle. I do not know
that he has ever won such triumphs over that
Senator that he need to invoke somebody else to
come up and aid the Senator from Missouri; and
I certainly estimate the Senator from Missouri
too highly to deem it at all neccssary for me to
interpose for any such purpose.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Missis-
sippi is entirely mistaken when he says I arraigned
anybody. I simply denied the charge preferred
against me that 1 had changed my position on the
territorial question, and cited the fact that the
opinions I now hold, as the record proves, had
been entertained for twelve years, and uttered on
this floor every year for eleven years, in the pres-
ence of every Senator then present, before I was
removed from the chair of the Committee on Ter-
ritories. When I assert that fact in self-defense,
a fact that appears of record, it is called an arraign-
ment! I have no arraignment to make. In regard
to the statement of the Senator from Mississippi
that I overrate myself, I shall institute 110 com-
parison between him and me, or the modesty ot
my bearing and his in this body. The Senate and
the country will judge of our respective bearing
toward our brother Senators.
