424
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
January 12,
A word more. The Senator from Missouri, he
tells US) has given me wager of battle. I have had
no intention of replying to that Senator's speech.
If these attacks are kept up, one after another, I
may reply to them, as I said, in the lump; that is
to say, I shall make my vindication at one time
against what all my opponents may have said; not
one word against one of them personally. I have
no self-interest to gratify,no complaints to make;
but I give notice that I will defend myself in a sin-
gle spcech, after my assailants have got through.
Mr. GREEN. Dct theSenatorunderstandme.
I have never assailed the Senator from Illinois,
and never intend to do so. I have assailed his
position; but my relations to him, and my feel-
ings for him, are of such a character that I cannot
assail him.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not said that the Sen-
ator assailed me, except my position and my pub-
lic record, and in that he showed that he did not
know what it was, because the record does not
sustain him. Other Senators arraigned me while
I was lying on a sick bed. There was sonfs talk
about the northern Democracy being unsound and
corrupt, and when called to account by a Senator
present, an individual who was confined to a sick
bed was pointed at as the representative of that
unsoundness. I-have no reply to make to that;
I simply say that it is a confession of rottenness
at the heart twelve years ago; and it is about time
the tree was cut down that has been so long rotten.
It is certainly strange that my opinions should be
assailed from such a quarter; and stranger still
that I should bo accuscdof being guilty of the same
heresy which he cherished. 1 have no assaults
to make on him.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know to whom the Sen-
ator refers.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly I have read it.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have a right when you look at
me to know whether I am the Senator to whom
you refer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I thought I said those re-
marks were made by one of the Senators from
Georgia, [Mr. Iyersok.] I have said, and I re-
peat, that 1 do not intend to notice the attacks
that are made on me, any further than self-respect
and my duty to my own reputation requires. I
have no fonunoss for these controversies. I have
had no intention to bring them up. I have no
assault to make on the record of any man. But,
sir, I do not feel that I am bound to remain silent
when my reputation is assailed m a manner that
is calculated to impeach my political or my per-
sonal standing. I do not tlimk that Senators have
any right to complain when 1 say the Ntateof my
health does not enable me to reply to each one in
turn, and that therefore I shall wait until the
crimination is through, and then make one reply
in self-defense. In that I shall show that no man
in this country has an excuse for the assertion or
the pretext that ho did not know my opinions for
the Jast twelve years, and each one of the twelve,
on this territorial question to be precisely what
they are to-day.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, it is to reply to
that assertion of the Senator, and with a purpose
of replying to it, whenever he undertakes to vin-
dicate himself from any imputation of a change
of opinion on his part, and, at the same time, to
impute a change to those who now antagonize
him on this side of the Chamber, or who voted
for his removal from the chairmanship of the Com-
mittee' on Territories—it is with a view to repel
the imputation conveyed by his remark, that, [ rise
now to say, that I think he has changed, and that
whenever he undertakes to make good his asser-
tion, I will show him that he sat here in his place,
and permitted opinions and sentiments to be im-
puted to him in cxact accordance with those which
£ entertain, and never gamsayed them or repelled
the imputation. But, sir, why should the Senator
stand here in our presence, and deny any change
of opinion? 1 trust he has changed his opinion.
I thought so when I sustained him for several
years here as the chairman of the Committee on
Territories. Had I thought he had not changed
his opinion, he would never have had my votc'for
that position; and 1 should not have given him
the right hand of fellowship as a member of the
Democratic party. When he says that within
twelve years he has changed no opinion,and that
he has given no occasion or pretext even for the
imputation of a change of opinion, does he forget
that so late as 1850 he voted for the Wilmot pro-
viso. Does he forget that he voted for an amend-
ment to the Utah and New Mexico bills, which
inhibited the Territorial Legislatures from exer-
cising the power of protecting slave property?
Does he forget that he voted against an amendment
offered by my friend who sits on my right [Mr.
Davis] to confer on the Territorial Legislature the
power of protecting all property recognized as
such in any State of the Union ?
Then, let me repeat, how can the Senator say
that he has never changed? Does he forget that
he avowed, on the floor of the Senate, that he
was unprepared to deny the power of Congress to
prohibit slavery in the Territories ? Is that his
opinion to-day? Was that his opinion in 1853,
when I took my seat in the Senate ? Has it been
his opinion ever since ? I trust not. And hence,
I think it ill becomcs the Senator to plume him-
self upon his consistency, and to impute, at least
by implication,inconsistency to those whodo not
now, ?md have not all along, accorded with him
in opinion.
Now, Mr. President, in respect to the Senator's
allusion to '' double-teaming " upon him, which
we have heard before and some time ago, I do not
exactly agree with my friend from Mississippi in
thinking it evinces a great deal of egotism; but I
think, with duo deference, that it may be construed
as evincing something worse. It looks, sir, to me,
as an invocation of public sympathy on behalf of
a persecuted and abused man. It looks at least—
though I do not charge that such was the intention
—very much like the conduct of Peisistratus when
he ran into the market-house, exhibited the self-
inflicted wounds which streamed with his blood,
and asked a body-guard for his protection. I
abhor anything that bears the slightest resem-
blance to that invocation of public sympathy and
public support against the persecutions of enemies
which has characterized demagogues in all free
countries. 1 hope that the Senator did not design
to invoke public sympathy for himself, with the
motives of Peisistratus, on the occasion to which I
have alluded.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The remarks of the Senator
from Alabama only show that I was acting on the
right principle, in waiting until my assailants got
through their bill of indictment, and then replying
to them in a lump. It seems they are multiplying.
1 say to the Senator from Alabama, that while I
have sought no sympathy and desire no sympathy,
I shrink from no vindication of myself. I leave
the public to judge whether there has not been
rather a doubling of teams on me every time I
have engaged in debate for the last two years.
After fighting an unholy combination in my own
State bet. ween Federal office-holders and Abolition-
ists, and triumphing over it, did I come here at
the last session and make any parade of that fact?
No, .sir; I remained silent; I made no vindication
of myself. I made no complaint of my removal
from the chair of the Committee on Territories.
1 never alluded to it, and the matter would never
have passed my lips if it had not been thrust into
my face in debate here in the Senate to-day, and
on previous days. The discussion of last year
was brought on by others, and not by me; and
yet we have been told by a Senator, while making
a speech in the country, that those who removed
me from the head of that committee expected me
to defend myself, and complained that I waited
until the end of the session, after having been tried
and condemned and executed in my absence ! Sir,
I had no defense to make. I scorned to make any
defense. 1 stood conscious of the rectitude of my
! own motives, and the correctness of my own ac-
tion. 1 claimed the right to hold and vindicate
my own opinions* and to impeach no other man's
conduct, or the intejjnty of his purpose. I yield
to every Senator the right of differing from me,
and I never make a test on him for doing so.
The Senator from Alabama says that 1 have sat
here and listened to certain opinions without re-
plying, and that led lum to infer that I concurred
with them.
Mr. CLAY. I say opinions were imputed to
the Senator which he did not contradict.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Never, that I know of.
Mr. CLAY. I will pro\e it whenever the oc-
casion arises.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And I shall reply in the
lump when the Senator and others get through.
I have but a word more to say now, and that
is on another point. The Senator from Alabama-
tells me that if he did not suppose that I had
changed my opinions, he would never have ex-
tended to me the right hand of fellowship as a
Democrat. Well, sir, Ido not know that my De-
mocracy would have suffered much if he never had.
I am willing to compare records with him as a Dem-
ocrat. I never make speeches proclaiming to the
world that I will bolt a convention if I cannot get
my man nominated, and threatening to break up
the Democratic party if the little faction to which
the speaker belongs cannot control it; and then
talk about the right hand of Democratic fellow-
ship ! Sir, that Senator has placed himself be-
yond the pale of Democratic fellowship by the
pronunciamcnto that lie will not abide the decision
of the national convention, if the speeches which
I see attributed to him in the newspapers are true.
I do not understand this thing of belonging to
an organization, going into a convention, abiding
the result if you win, and bolting if you lose. 1
never thought that was deemed fair dealing in any
profession. If you took the winnings when you
gained,-1 always thought you had to pay your
bets when you lost. A man who tells me ancl the
world that he only goes into conventions to abide
the result in the event of their deciding in his
favor has no right to talk about extending the
hand of Democratic fellowship.
Now, sir, I have the kindest feelings towards
the gentleman personally. He has a right to differ
from me; he has a right to bolt the Charleston
convention; ho has a right to proclaim to the world
beforehand that he means to do so; but Ke has no
right to go into the convention unless he intends
to abide by the result. He has no right to claim
to belong to the organization and say that he in-
tends to bolt the nominees; and hence, I say to
that Senator, with all kindness, that, if he does not
extend to me the right hand of Democratic fellow-
ship, I shall survive the stroke. If I should hap-
pen to be a candidate before, and the nominee of,
the Charleston convention, and he should vote
against me, I am not certain that it would dimin-
ish my majority in his own State; and I say it
with all duo rcspect to him. I am notcourtinghis
support. Permit me to say to that Senator it will
be time enough for him to threaten that he will
not vote for me when I ask him to do it. Permit
rac to say further to him, that. I think I am doing
quite as much honor to him if I consent to accept
his vote as he will do me by offering it.
I am not seeking a nomination. I am willing
to take one provided I can assume it on princi-
ples that I believe to be sound; but in the event
of your making a platform that I could not con-
scientiously execute in good faith if I were electcd,
I wilt not stand upon it and be a candidate.
Why? I will never be guilty of the act of being
electcd on a platform and kicking it over the mo-
ment I am elected. I can vote for one man as a
choice of evils between two, although I do not
agree with him in all things. When there are
two men presented to me, with one of whom I
agree in all things, except on one point, and I
differ from the other totally, I can vote for the
man with whom I most neiuly agree. I can vote
for a nominee on a platform upon which 1 would
not stand as a candidate myself; for after having
electcd him, wo far as we differed T would con-
tinue to differ from him as President, and so far
as we agreed I would sustain him as President.
When threats arc made of not extending the
hand of Democratic fellowship, I should like to
understand who it is that has the right to say
who is in the party and who not. I believe that
more than two thirds of the Democracy of the
United States are with me on this disputed point.
James Buchanan received about eighteen hundred
thousand votes at the last election—twelve hun-
dred thousand of them in the free States, and
something over six hundred thousand, I believe,
in the slaveholding States; and you have heard it
said by the Senator from Ohio, and I believe it,
that ninety-nine out of every hundred Democrats
in the northern States agree with him and me on
this question. Then one third of the Democratic
party is going to read out, the remaining two
thirds ! Your candidate will have a good chance
of election if you shall have done it; will he not?
The only importance attached to the question
of the chairmanship of the Committee on Territo-
ries is this: heretofore no test has been made as to
a man *s opinions upon this judicial question, and
