1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
so, according to my construction of its legal effect;
but I do not know that I may not be wrong in
this. I do not think we ought to preclude the
parties from withdrawing papers, from the files
of the Senate, when no adverse report has been
made, simply on the presumption that the cases
are to be acted upon, and, perhaps, adverse re-
ports made.
Mr. CLAY. I am not prepared to assert that
these particular cases have been reported upon
adversely heretofore; but I am prepared to assert
that they involve the same principle with other
eases which have been reported upon adversely
heretofore, and those reports have received the
approval of the Senate. I will now suggest that
this motion be postponed, for I wish to examine
and see whether these very cases themselves have
not baen reported against heretofore, and I will,
at the same time, move to reconsider the vote of
yesterday, by which the order was made to with-
draw them from the files of the Senate. I can
make that motion, because I was present in the
Senate when the order was made yesterday.
Mr. POWELL. When I was requested to
make this motion this morning, I asked the gen-
tleman who made the request, what was the con-
dition of these cases. I was informed by him that
a part of them were in the hands of the clerk of
the Committee on Pensions, and perhaps some of
them in the hands of the Senator from Alabama.
I really know nothing about the reports that have
been made tipon them; and I made the motion in
orde* that it might be brought before the Senate
and disposed of as they saw fit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama moves to reconsider the vote of yester-
day by which leave was given to withdraw these
papers from the files of the Senate. There is a
question pending.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the motion to recon-
sider will lie over until we can investigate the
facts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky that
the committee lie discharged.
Mr. CLAY. I move to postpone the consider-
ation of that motion.
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw it for the present,
if the Senator desires
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills of the House of Represent-
atives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below;
A bill (No. 243) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Charles Portcrlield, deceased—to
the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 246) for the relief of the heirs of
Major John Ripley—to the Committee 011 Revo-
lutionary Claims
A bill (No. 247) for the leliof of the legal rep-
resentatives of Francis Ohaudonet—to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
CLAIMS AGAINST MEXICO.
Mr. IVERSON. The morning hour has not
yet expired; and although I am in favor of taking
up the Private Calendar, I will respectfully ask the
Senate to take up the bill (S. No. 112) to further
carry out the provisions of the fifteenth section of
the treaty between the United States and Mexico,
concluded 011 the 2d day of February, 1848. It
will not occupy time. Of course if it does, I will
let it go over. 1 do not wish to trench on the pri-
vate bills by its consideration. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It piovides for the appointment of a
board of commissioners to receive and examine
claims of citizens of the United States against
Mexico, which were provided for in the treaty of
1848, and which were not presented to, or adju-
dicated upon their merits by, the former board.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to be informed
by the Senator from Georgia whether there is any
fund. Before we establish this board, and create
these offices, we ought to know whether there is
anything to be distributed.
Mr. IVERSON. I introduced a resolution at
the last session of Congress, and another at this
session, calling on the Secretary of the Treasury
to let us know whether there was any amount of
the Mexican fund unexpended; and the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury, sent to this House
at this session, and which has been printed and put
on the desks of Senators, says there are §211,000.
I ask that the letter be read.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend this bill by
striding out " three, "in the fourth line of the first
section, and inserting "one;" so as to have but
one commissioner. I recollect very well that the
last commission of which I have any distinct
knowledge was the one to settle the claim be-
tween this Government and Brazil, and it con-
sisted of one commissioner.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will lot
us hear the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
before going on with amendments.
Mr. HAMLIN. I recollect the letter very well.
It said the balance in the Treasury was about
two hundred thousand dollars. I hold it in my
hand, and, with the permission of the Senate, I
will read it;
Treasury Department, January II, 1860.
Sir: I11 obedience to ttio resolution "that the Secretary
of the Treasury be requested to inform the Senate what
amount remains in the Treasury unexpended of the fund
set apart by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidiiigo, between the
United States and Mexico, for tlie payment of the claims
of American citizens," adopted in the Senate of the United
States 011 the 9th day of January, 1860,1 have the honor to
transmit herewith a report 011 the subject from the Regis-
ter of the Treasury, in which the amount in question is
stated to bo 35211,110 29.
I am, very respectfully, HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Ticasury.
Hon. Jons C. Breckinridge, Vice President, and Pres-
ident of Senate of the United States.
The sum is small; and to appoint three com-
missioners at a compensation of $3,000 a year
each, and a solicitor at §3,000, and a secretary at
$2,000, will be eating up a very considerable por-
tion, to say the least, of this small sum in salaries.
I remarked a moment since that the last commis-
sion of which I have any recollection was a com-
mission to settle claims between our Government
and Brazil, and that was confined to a single com-
missioner and a single secretary. The amount of
this fund is so small that I think we had better
restrict the commission to one, and I think we had
better only give him a secretary.
Mr. IVERSON. I have 110 objection to restrict-
ing the number of commissioners to one. I have
only followed the example which was set hereto-
fore in the establishment of similar boards.
Mr. HAMLIN. The amounts were larger
Mr. IVERSON. That is true. 1 have no ob-
jection to the amendment. This amount is unex-
pended in the Treasury Department—a part of
that fund which Mexico set apart by the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo for the payment of claims
of American citizens. I will state that since I
have been chairman of the Committee on Claims,
a number of such claims have been presented to
the Senate. One is the claim of Atocha, amounting
to a large sum. Another is the claim of Com-
modore Porter, and that is a very large claim.
Another is that of General Robinson, who has a
claim of some fifteen or twenty thousand dollars,
and there are other claims, I understand. I do not
know how many, and to what extent they go;
but they involve a large amount of documentary
and other testimony, and it would be utterly im-
practicable for any committee of the Senate or
House of Representatives to investigate them and
decide properly whether they ought to be paid or
not. If wo appoint a commissioner, he can hear
all the claims and adjudicate them upon principles
of law and equity; and then, if they amount to
more than the fund which is in the Treasury, he
can apportion that sum to the various claimants.
This bill only opens the cases to the extent of
allowing the presentation of those claims that were
not presented to the original board which was
established under the treaty with Mexico, or
which were not decided by that board upon their
merits. I understand that there are some claims
which were presented to that board, and rejected
on some technical ground. We propose to let
those cases, if there be any, come in and be ad-
judicated by this new commission. There are some
claims which I understand were not presented to
that board of commissioners, on account of the
death of the parties or other unavoidable causes.
This money is in the Treasury. It belongs to the
claimants, if they can establish their claims to be
just and good against the Governmentof Mexico.
There is no reason why it should be retained in
the Treasury. It cannot be appropriated to any
other object; it has to lie there dead altogether;
and it may create a difficulty with Mexico, be-
cause we do not apply it to the payment of the
claims. Mexico has already claimed it, and will
probably come again and demand that this money
shall be paid over to her. If any of our j^tizens
had just claims upon the Government of Mexico,
which were not allowed by the board established
under the provisions of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, I think they ought to be entitled to this
money, as far as they can establish their claims.
These are the principles on which the committee
acted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. To make the bill harmonious,
I propose further to amend by striking out of the
second and third lines of section two the words,
" and a solicitor 011 the part of the United States
both." That will leave a commissioner and sec-
retary. It will then read: " the said board of com-
missioners shall have a secretary versed in the
English and Spanish languages.
Mr. BRAGG. That matter was fully consid-
ered in the co mmittee which reported this bill; and
we came to the conclusion, from the past expe-
rience of the Government in relation to this very
class of claims against Mexico, that Government
counsel was necessary. I think the history of
claims of this kind which have heretofore been
presented shows the necessity of such an officer.
By evidence of ex parte character frauds and im-
positions are practiced on the Treasury. I hope
the amendment will not prevail. The sum,paid
to the solicitor will be small; and I think such an
officer is absolutely indispensable, in order that
the Government may have justice done to it, and
1 to guard against fraudulent and fabricated claims
of the character which have heretofore got in. At
least, there will be some protection to the Govern-
ment if there is an officer to examine them and the
testimony is not entirely of an ex parte character.
It is impossible for a commissioner to do this. We
had three commissioners before, and yet we know
very well that improper claims, to a very large
amount, there being no one to sift the evidence, got
in, and were allowed; and the Government was put
to infinite trouble afterwards in getting a part of
the money back.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not believe in the neces-
sity of a solicitor. I do not believe there is one
particle of necessity for him. Whoever shall con-
stitute this commission will beyond all doubt be a
lawyer. He should be such. He will be such.
About that there can be no doubt. It is his duty
to investigate these claims; itis his duty to investi-
gate every part of them; and I regard this as just
! a place for some individual, nothing else. I think
I may say that 111 all commissions of this charac-
ter involving less than half a million dollars, the
Senator cannot point to a single instance where
there has been a solicitor. I know of none. I
know of several where there were none. Itis true,
where the amounts are large, where they are mill-
ions, and the means of depredation are large, and
the inducements large, we have appointed solicit-
ors, and not often in those cases. The solicitor in
the case to which the Senator has referred did not
afford any check to the wrong that was perpetrated
under that commission.
Mr. BRAGG. The former commission had no
solicitor, as I understand, and it was for that rea-
son that I understood frauds were committed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I supposed that board had
one, because I understood the Senator from Geor-
gia to say I10 copied that bill. No matter whether
they had one or not, I repeat again this is a sim-
ple proposition to give a man a place, where he
will be^ as useless as the fifth wheel to a coach.
I hope it will be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
call up the orders of the day.
Mr. I VERSON. I suppose we shall get through
with this bill in a few minutes.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think not. It will lead to
some discussion, and it had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
over, and the Chair will take up the Private Cal-
endar.
JOHN LORD'S REPRESENTATIVES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 224) for the relief of the heirs at law
of the late Abigail Nason, sister and devisee of
John Lord, deceased; the question being on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
