1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
Mr. CLAY. This bill was under discussion,
when the Senate adjourned last evening. 1 then
stated my objections to the bill, mainly on the
score of the interest proposed to be allowed. Since
then I have examined the papers upon which the
claim rests, and I concur fully in what was said
by the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce]
last evening, that there is no evidence whatever
to sustain the claim, either for principal or interest.
In the first place, there is no evidence afrall—
none that would be received in any court of jus-
tice. Here is a claim which is supported by the
affidavits of two witnesses, swearing to a fact forty
years after it is said to have transpired—one of
whom asserts positively the existence of the fact;
the other that he thinks such was the fact. Then
these witnesses purport to have sworn before a
justice of the peace; but the character of that offi-
cer is not established in any way. Their testi-
mony is not authenticated according to the laws
of the United States. We have no sort of evi-
dence, upon the face of the papers, that this man
was a justice of the peace. We have no evidence
whatever that he had the legal right to administer
an oath. We have no evidence whatever that
these men did take a legal oath; that they incurred
any of the pains and penalties of perjury; and
that the whole testimony, as presented upon these
papers, was not fabricated by the claimant him-
self. Therefore I say that there is no evidence
whatever. But admitting that the testimony was
properly authenticated; that the statements were
made and sworn to before an officer, who was au-
thorized to administer oaths; and that these men
did make these statements under the sanction of
an oath duly administered, they do not establish
the claim at all. Here is one witness who testi-
fies that this man was on this vessel, and that he
rendered the service. He does not know that he
was not paid for it. The other thinks he was
there. He, in like manner, docs not know that
he did not receive any pay. Now, I assert that.it
is a very incredible thing that this claimant should
have been on this vessel; that he should have
served during the time of fifteen months; that at
the expiration of tins time others should have been
paid, and that he should not; and that he should
have been wholly ignorant of his right to pay-
ment. I say that it is an incredible story.
Then there arc other marks of suspicion in the
case. He sleeps upon his rights for near forty
years, before he prefers any claim against the
Government. Then there is one report in his
favor; and after the lapse of about thirty years
more, there is another report in his favor. Why
this claim slept during these thirty intermediate
years, is wholly unexplained. I think, without
multiplying words about it, (for it is a very small
amount that is asked.) that the claim is wholly
unsupported by testimony; and that, if well sup-
ported by testimony, the payment of interest
would be a precedent which would return con-
stantly to annoy us, and would involve an im-
mense amount of money, such as the Treasury
could not discharge.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Since the adjournment
yesterday, I have looked at these papers. I was
induced to do so by the doubt expressed by the
Senator from Maryland yesterday. The Senator
from Alabama has stated correctly that there is
one witness who proves distinctly and directly
the fact upon which the claim is based, and an-
other who proves itindirectly. I have been under
the impression that, in the action we take here,
we are not in the habit of requiring the strictness
that is required in courts of justice. Papers arc
presented here by gentlemen holding seats in the
two Houses, purporting to be evidence sworn to
before a justice of the peace m their States; and I
think the presumption is a fair one, that every-
thing is to be inferred in favor of the proper char-
acter of the officers who administer oaths. I take
it that the Senator from Maine, who reported on
the case at one time, is satisfied as to the true
character of the officers who administered the oath.
If that be an objection to this case, I suppose that
veiy few claims can be made out in the Senate.
The case was first presented in 1828, forty years
after the service was rendered. If you take the
proof made in the case as genuine, I doubtnot the
circumstances will justify any one in accounting
for the delay. Then it establishes this fact: that
the ancestor of the applicant performed fifteen
months'service for the united States as a seaman
Forty years afterwards two witnesses come for-
ward and prove the claim. Now, the kind of ser-
vice that was performed here is a kind wkich
would hardly ever be forgotten by anybody who
was present. One of these witnesses says he was
on the same vessel, performing the same service,
and was taken prisoner at the same time; and he
states positively that the ancestor of this applicant
was with him. Now, is it possible that such facts
as these ever could be forgotten, and that they are
not to be taken as proved, because the witness who
testifies to them may have arrived at the age of
seventy-five ? My understanding of the law that
governs memory is, that old transactions are best
remembeied by old persons. I take it for granted,
therefore, that there can be no real doubt as to the
genuineness of this evidence, and as to the ser-
vice having been rendered; and a committee of the
other House, in 1830, so regarded it, when these
transactions were much more fresh than they arc
now, and reported in favor of it; and I believe
the House of Representatives then passed a bill
granting to this claimant $120—eight dollars a
month.
The claim has lain for thirty years. The party
died some time afterwards. Then his widow died,
and this claim is brought forward by the devisee.
That is the reason why it has slept so long; but if
the claim was just when presented, the proof was
then made out, for it is the same proof which was
made out in 1829 and 1830, and acted upon then,
that the committees have ever since acted upon.
Two or three reports have been made, all concur-
ring, except on the question of interest. The last
committee, regarding the claim as having been
established in 1830, proved then, and prima facie
recognized as such by the action of one branch of
Congress, considered it a debt then existing, and
hence allowed interest. I do not contend by any
means that the law carries interest with it; that it
is a case that would necessarily carry interest. It
is a question for the Senate to decide, whether itis
a matter of j ustice th at an established claim should
carry interest. The committee thought that it
ought to do so, and have reported the bill at $336,
$120 of which is the principal, and the balance
the interest. That is the whole question. It is
now for the Senate to decide whether they will
allow, if they think the claim just, the additional
$200 as interest, or whether they will allow only
the principal. On principles of justice, I think
the interest ought to be allowed. I do not under-
stand thai there is any established practice—cer-
tainly no law—that governs the case. In the
courts of justice, a claim of this kind would not,
as a matter of law, carry interest; but in all such
cases, as far as my observation goes, the jury is
allowed to give interest or not; and 1 have never
known them to fail to do so. On the same prin-
ciple of justice governing this case, the committee
have reported interest here.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to try this ques-
tion of interest, and to do that I move to strike
out $336, and insert §120. I think that is the prin-
cipal sum.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that amendment, and
I ask for the yeas and nays on it. It is an import-
ant principle.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think this claim, which is
now reported by the Committee on Revolutionary
ClaimH, was before the Committee on Claims lust
year or the year before, and I then examined the
case. So far as any doubt may have been thrown
by the debate on the propriety of making the al-
lowance for the wages, I think that any one who
will take the pains to examine the papers will see
that it is as distinctly proved as it is possible for
an event of that length of time to be proved. The
circumstances of the service are such as any man
would remembei; and the claim is made out as
well as, and better, than three fourths of the claims
wo allow, considering the time that has elapsed.
I think that when a claim has been proved before
the proper Departments of this Government, and
omitted to be paid by the neglect of Congress,
interest is fairly due to the applicant from that
time until we get rid of it and pay him, and we
reported so, i think, from the Committee on
Claims at differenttimes; once, I am sure. I hope
the interest will be paid.
Mr. HUNTER. As the Senator is familiar
with the history of the case, I ask why the man
did not present his evidence at the Department,
and get the money there?
Mr. SIMMONS. It is all stated in the report.
It was reported, and passed the Senate last year,
I believe, without a dissenting voice.
Mr. CLAY. I dislike to multiply so many-
words on so small a claim; and yet, as I said, it
involves an important principle, and one which, if
it is adopted by the Senate, and carried out here-
after, will require the expenditure of more than
hundreds of millions of dollars, in my opinion,
because it is an assertion of a right to interest
upon a claim from the time it was preferred to
Congress. If it is established by the vote of the
Senate that that is a proper principle, and that
interest ought to be counted from the time a claim
is first preferred to Congress, I say you will re-
open all the claims that have ever been preferred;
because there is not probably one that has ever
been prosecuted here where interest was paid
from the time of presentation. Hence it involves
an important principle, and I repeat, that no law-
yer—I mean no man who has been accustomed
to the practice of law in any court of this coun-
try—can say that this claim is well sustained by
testimony. That is my opinion.
My friend from Rhode Island .says he thinks
it is well made out; and yet I venture the asser-
tion that it is sustained by the unsupported testi-
mony of but one witness, conceding that he mad^
oath to it before a person authorized to adminis-
ter an oath, which does not appear. The gther
witness testifies upon what he heard from the
claimant himself. He says that he thinks he was
there, and explains the reason, because he cate-
chised him as to what had occurred there; and
because the claimant evinced some knowledge of
what did occur there, which he might have heard
fromanother person, he thinks he wasthcre. That
is the sum and substance of his testimony. But,
sir, there is not a particle of evidence to sustain
the claim in any of the Departments. They
have ransacked the Navy, War, and Treasury
Departments, and nothing appears on file in any
of them to support this claim.
Well, now, 1 submit to the Senate whether it is
a credible story, that this man alone, of all this
ship's crew, should have been unpaid for forty
years; that he should not have known his rights,
when the rest were paid immediately; that he
should not have found it out until 1792; and then,
after finding out that others had been paid, and
that he was entitled to payment, that he should
have slept on his rights until 1828 or 1829; and then
again, that he or his heirs, after one favorable re-
port in Congress, should have failed to prosecute
the claim for more than thirty years longer ? I
think it is very clear that the claim is wholly un-
sustained by such evidence as should carry it
through the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator says that this
service is proved by but a single witness. I think
there are two; but suppose there was but one
forty years after the service was rendered; sup-
pose they had all died but one: I should like to
know if there is any court that would not admit
that the claim was proved, if one substantial,
credible witness swore to the fact that he was
on board the ship with this man during fifteen
months? I should like to know if any court would
not take that as satisfactory proof, provided the
man told the truth? If he did not tell the truth,
no number of witnesses that might swear falsely
would strengthen the testimony at all. If the wit-
ness is truthful 
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will permit me to
answer him just here, I say that under the cir-
cumstances of this case, I would not take his tes-
timony, and I will give the Senator the reason;
first because 
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator need not
give me a reason. If he would not take the tes-
timony.of one man, he would not take two.
Mr. CLAY. I say that his testimony is con-
tradicted negatively, by the fact that there is no
evidence on file in any Department of the Govern-
ment of the services of this vessel even, much less
of the service of the individual; and in the next
place, it is given forty years after the circumstance
is said to have transpired; and in the next place,
we have no evidence of the credibility of the wit-
ness.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know that when a man
makes a motion to resist a claim of a sailor, and*
