1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I suppose to be the .question now before the Sen-
ate. That amendment looked to making these two
routes—the route from Charleston and from New
Orleans to Havana—and to pay for both of them
no more than is now asked forone. 1 do not wish
to detain the Senate, and I do not know whether
it is proper to discuss that question; butl think,
if it were up, 1 could demonstrate to the Senate
that the thing is an impossibility at $50,000; and
I could demonstrate to the Senate that at $20,000
postage it would be an impossibility to Havana.
1 do not believe—I beg pardon; I do not wish to
impeach the veracity of the Postmaster General,
for i think him a highly honorable, able, and use-
ful .officer; no one has a greater respect, in all
particulars, for the Postmaster General than I have
myself; and I think he is doing the best he can to
serve his country; but he is certainly mistaken;
he has adopted some general chat, some vague
remark,some indefinite proposition, when he says
that this service can be done for §20,000 a year.
1 should like to see a responsible man make the
offer to this Government to perform this service
in a ship like the Isabel, with the schedule of the
Isabel, for $20,000. If he did, I would not have
nnother word to say; it would be perfectly right
to take it; but it is an impossibility.
When the Collins steamers were established,
the Government gave them at a rate of a little
over three dollars per mile for every mile that they
passed over in the performance of their functions
•—some three dollars and fifteen or twenty cents a
mile. It was found that that subsidydid not pay.
They then raised it to $5 50 a mile, giving tiiem
$33,000 for the round trip of six thousand miles,
and they broke at that. In the trip from Charles-
ton to Havana the distance between these two
points is some thirteen hundred and sixty miles
one way, and the same back, making some twen-
ty-seven hundred miles for the round trip. At
the present rate of §50,000 for twenty-four trips
of twenty-seven hundred miles each, the pay is
about one dollar and fifty cents a mile. If you
reduce it to $20,000, it would be a pay of about
sixty or seventy cents a mile. Now, considering
that the Collins steamers failed at §5 50 a mile,
when they got coal at half the price, when they
got provisions at a cheaper rate, when seamen's
wages are notoriously known to be less in the
North than they are m the South, when the re-
turns of vessels are less, to suppose that a line
requiring a subsidy at all could possibly survive
on fifty or sixty cents a mile, when the Collins
steamers, with their immense number of passen-
gers, broke at §5 50, is a palpable absurdity.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 only want to make a single
remark in reply to the Senator from youth Caro-
lina, who has expressed the opinion that public
faith requires, not the renewal of the postal service
between Charleston and Cuba, butthe renewal of
this contract with the steamship Isabel. What
have we pledged ourselves to do? Congress passed
an act authorizing the establishment of this mail
route. They authorized the Postmaster General
to make a contract for a term of ten years. The
contract was made.
Mr. YULEE. For four years.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, sir, it was renewed, at
all events; and then the contract was continued
for ten years. That was the time of this stipula-
tion, which, I understand the PosXmaster General
to say, expired some time last year.
Mi. YULEE. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state how it was. It was open upon a bid
given for four years. Then the Sloo contiact
having provided for stopping at Charleston and
Savannah to connect with the California mail,
and they being desirous of being relieved from
that, a compromise was made, by which, by the
legislation of 1851, it was provided that they
should be released from that obligation, and that
the Post Office Department should keep up a con-
nection between Charleston and Havana during
the continuance of the Sloo contract. The De-
partmentcoiitiuued to advertise, from time to time,
four years at a time, and the service was kept on
for twelve years, when the Sloo contract expired.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, sir, the amount of it,
then, is this: by different contracts, our faith was
bound for twelve years, and we kept our faith by
keeping the contract up, and paying the price
stipulated in the contract all that time. Now, sir,
what obligation is there on the public faith be-
yond the time of the contract ?. Surely a contract
for four years, renewed at intervals for two more
terms of four years, is kept faithfully when the
contract price stipulated for is paid. We should
be in a strange position if a contract for four or
ten years bound us throughout all time to con-
tinue to pay that subsidy to any line whatsoever.
Mr. HALE. I would not have troubled the
Senate, but for a remark from the Senator from
Maryland when first up, and also what has fallen
from the Senator from South Carolina, in regard
to our low postage. It seemed to be assumed that
the embarrassments we were in had arisen from
the fact that we had reduced our postages; and
the honorable Senator from Maryland spoke par-
ticularly of the legislation of 1845 to 1851, and
the Senator from Maryland spoke of the act of
1851 as reducing our postage to nothing. I have
before me, which I have copied from documents
sent by the Postmaster General to the Senate of
the United States this session, in answer to a res-
olution, a statement of postages received in all the
States from 1841 to 1849, a period of nineteen
years; and I want to give one or two facts, because
there is nothing more fallacious than the idea that
reducing the postage has reduced the revenue.
In 1841, which is the first year-embraced in the
Postmaster General's return, when the postage
was six and one quarter, ten, twelve and one half,
eighteen and three quarters, and twenty-five cents,
the whole postage received was $3,005,328 03. In
1845, which was the last year under that high
rate of postage, the whole sum received was
§4,268,996 60. We then, by the act of 1845, re-
duced the postage from six and one quarter, ten,
twelve and one half, eighteen and three quarters,
and twenty-five cents, to five and ten cents, and
the postage fell off that, year about eight hundred
thousand dollars; but in 1849, a period of less than
four years, under this reduced postage, the reve-
nue had got up higher than ever before. It had
got up in 1849 to §4,701,778 82; and in 1851,
which was the last year under that rate of post-
age, it had got up to §6,404,373 65. Thus in a
period often years, on the reduced postage down
to five and ten cents, the revenue had actually
doubled—had gone from §3,000,000 to §6,404,000;
so that that experiment of reduction did not have
the effect which has been attributed to it.
In 1851 wc reduced the postage again, and the
amount fell down to §5,000,000; but in 1858, un-
der the three cent postage, the revenue had got up
to §7,224,735 22; and last year, 1859, under the
three cent postage, the revenue of the Department
had got up to §7,079,083 02. Taking the whole
period of eighteen years, and under the three cent
postage over the twenty-five cent postage, the
revenue had increased over one hundred and fifty
per cent., and from 184-7, which was the fust year
under the postage of five and ten cents, the post-
age had more than doubled; and the postage last
year, 1859, at three cents, which the Senator from
South Carolina says is nothing, is a much higher
gross revenue than we ever received under any
system. If you will take the population and the
business of the country, you will find that the
revenue bears a larger proportion to the popula-
tion and the business under the reduced postage
of three cents, than it did under any otherpostago
we had ever established. Now, sir, these are facts
that come to us from the Postmaster General him-
self 
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator excuse me for
a moment?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. YULEE. I want to correct his facts.
The Senator has stated these to be the facts. I
think the Senator is mistaken.
Mr. HALE. I have the book here.
Mr. YULEE. Well, 1 had occasion last ses-
sion to expose the fallacy of tables in the reports
of the Post Office Department, which include all
the receipts for postages. The amounts within
the last ten or twelve years have been greatly
swollen by the fact that the foreign postages, the
postages derived from the transmission of letters
upon°the ocean, both from the British lines, the
Bremen lines, and the American lines, are all in-
cluded m the amount of postages received. Now,
I will give the Senator a correct table.
Mr. HALE. I beg your pardon. You can
put that in after I have done.
Mr. YULEE. It is very important, if he in-
tends to base any remarks on the table he has
used.
Will the Senator let mo say a
Certainly; just whatever you
Mr. HALE. The Senate# can postpone-that
until afterwards.' ■ '
Mr. YULEE. I will do so.
Mr. HALE. I will show you by the taWe I
now have—I cannot say anything about there
being fallacies in them; there may he fallacies-ill
the tables; I use the figures just as the Postmaster
General gives them to us 
Mr. YULEE. The fallacy is in the mode of
using them.
Mr. HALE. I use them numerically, accord-
ing to the way I learned when I went to school,
and studied arithmetic.
Mr. YULEE. According to their apparent im-
port, but not their real import.
Mr. HALE. Prom 1852, the first "year after
the reduction, the postages had been continually
increasing. From 1852 to 1853, they increased
over sixty thousand dollars, and they have gono
on increasing. In 1854 there was no increase
From 1854 to 1855 there "was an increase of over
three hundred thousand dollars; from 1855 to 1856,
§300,000; from 1856 to 1857, about five hundred
thousand jlollars; from 1857 to 1858, $100,000;
from 1858 to 1859, §400,000; so that under this
reduced postage of three cents, we are actually
receiving a much larger revenue than wc ever did
under any other system; and a'revenue, as I said
before, that bears a larger proportion to the busi-
ness and population of the country, than any
other system ever did.
Mr. YULEE.
word ?
Mr. HALE.
want.
Mr. YULEE. In reply to the last remark of
the Senator, so far from that being the state of the
fact, the Senator will find, upon reference to a table
which I will hand him, that directly the contrary
is true, to wit: that for eight years, from 1851 to
1858—I have not taken up the year 1859—the
whole increase by the three cent postage is §94,000
in postages derived from the letters transmitted
over the inland routes. That is the result of a
carefully analyzed use of the figures, showing the
receipts for inland postage. I'he figures show
that during the five years when the five cent post-
age, which was the rate all Postmasters General—
the Senator from Vermont among them—had rec-
ommended should be adhered to, and which,
from experience, had vindicated itself as the true
rate in the present progress of the country; that
the revenue increased during the five years it was
in operation from §2,671,000 to $5,310,000, nearly
doubling-in that five years; while in the eight years
succeeding, under the three cent postage, the
whole increase had been only about ninety-four
thousand dollars from the inland postage. We
do not mean to propose any increase of postage
atpiesent.
Mr. HALE. One word, sir, and I will sit
down. The table given in answer to my resolu-
tion, from which I read, shows that the postage
received in 1851 was §6,404,000, and in 1859
§7,679,000; which, instead of being an increase of
§94,000, is an increase of §1,200,000. I speak by
the table the Postmaster General sent us; that is
all I know.
Mr. YULEE. Those same tables contain the
amount received from foreign postages, and by
deducting that the Senator can get the true result
Mr. HAMMOND. The table which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire submitted illustrates
the fallacy of the proposition that figures never
lie. Nothing is so easy as to make figures he;
and that is utterly false, in every true political
sense of the word, from beginning to end, although
taken from tables. I have seen them there my-
self. What is the question here with us ? If you
diminish the postage, and increase the population,
and increase postal routes, naturally the revenue
would increase; but the question is as to the pro-
portion. Does it increase in proportion to the
expenditure? The Senator from Maryland has
told us to-day that the deficicncy is some seven or
eight million dollars. That is the question; and
not how much more money you will get under
reduced postages. That may be fairly attributed
to the increase of postal routes; to the increase of
business and commerce; the increase of popula-
; tion, and the increase derived from these oceanic
i routes; but tlTe question is, how does the revenue
I compare with the expenditure ? That is what we
I want to attain; and any figures that will pretend,
