1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
hence I could hold the position of chairman of that
committee without any objection, by a unanimous
vote; but now it is made a tost. I clo not make jt;
I only resist your test. If you make it on me,
while I did not want the chairmanship, while I
have performed laborenough on thatcommittee for
eleven or twelve years to be anxious to get rid of it,
yet the country cannot fail to take notice that my
removal at the end of eleven years is significant
in one of two points of view. It was either per-
sonal or political. I acquit every man of the sus-
picion or thought that it was personal. Then it
was political. What does it signify ? It is a proc-
lamation to the world that a man holding the opin-
ions I do is not sound enough to serve as chair-
man of a committee. Is he sound enough for a
Cabinet officer, for a district attorney, for a col-
lector of a port, for a postmaster, for a light-house
keeper? All these classes of officers are being re-
moved now, except Cabinet officers, for holding
the same opinions. If you were to nominate for
the Presidency a mall who proclaims to the world
this proscriptive policy, that every man holding
the opinions I do is marked as a victim for ven-
geance the moment your candidate is elected, what
chance have you of electing him ?
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to ask him a question just there? It is
simply this: do the Democratic party say you are
unfit to be a chairman of a committee ? Do the
Democratic members of the Senate say so? We
have been willing to give you the chairmanship
of a committee where you would not necessarily
be our organ in relation to the Territories and this
particular controverted point.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator can, perhaps,
answer that better than I can; as he was in the
caucus, and I was not.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer in this wise: that,
so far as I know, there was no objection to your
being a Democrat, as trusted and honored as bo-
fore on every question except that. And now I
will go further. I am chairman of one commit-
tee, and I am willing to surrender that to the
Senator.
Mr. GREEN. So am I.
Mr. DAVIS. If I am not mistaken, this is not
the first time a similar proposition has been made
to the Senator, in order that he might understand
the position of the party. ^
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that point I will say that
a proposition was made to me, of which I did not
feel at liberty to speak, by one respected gentle-
man and Senator who held the position of head
of a committee, on his individual authority,
without any authority from the caucus, to know
whether I could accept it.
Mr. DAVIS, f think that Senator perfectly
well understood that no war was made on the
Senator from Illinois by his Democratic brethren
of the Senate, and when he made that offer to him
he perfectly well understood that he was running
no hazard.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was going to say on that
point that I returned the answer frankly, that
while I did not seek the chairmancy of the Com-
mittee on Territories, did not desire it, and yet
did not decline it, I could not accept the chair-
manship of any Other Committee.
Mr. DAVIS. Why?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will tell you why, and 1
gave the reason at the time. It was, that if the
gentleman to whom i allude retired for me, Gov-
ernor BrGLEr,, of Pennsylvania, was the second on
the committee, and, without impeaching others,
I did not feel that I could, without violating those
courtcsies and amenities and proprieties which
have always existed in the Senate among gentle-
men, take the place of another Senator. I was
not willing to do so in violation of the established
rule of promotion.
Mr. DAVIS. Butif he waived that, howthen?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I had no assurance that he
would waive it. I made that objection, and the
assurance that he would waive it has never been
given to me.
I gave another reason. I should not have ac-
cepted the position if he had waived his rights,
for this reason: For eleven years my opinions
were no disqualification for service at the head of
the Territorial Committee, and if they were not
for eleven years, why should they be for the
twelfth year ?
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator will now see the
value of the question I asked him. It is, whether
he insists on making war upon this point with
the Democratic Senators, or whether the Demo-
cratic Senators seek to crush lum?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I seek no war With any
Senator on either side of the Chamber, and espe-
cially I seek none on political or personal issues
with Democratic Senators. Every word I have
said has been in defense of myself against the
imputation that I had changed my line of policy,
which 1 utterly deny. I did understand, and I
understand now, that when applications arc made
for post offices, the question of a man's opinion
on popular sovereignty is asked, and a postmaster
is proscribed if he concurs with me in opinion.
So with all other offices in the country. The
country understands, therefore, that if a man rep-
resenting this proscriptive policy is the next Pres-
ident, every mail in the country who holds the
opinions of the Senator from Ohio and myself is
to be proscribed from every office, high or low.
Such is now the case. Now, I want to know
this: is any gentleman prepared to take the
Charleston nomination with the understanding
that he is to proscribe two thirds of the party,
and then degrade himself so low as to seek the
votes of the men whom he has marked as his
victims ? If no tests are to be made there can be
harmony. If these tests are to be made, one
third will not subdue two thirds. I do not intend
to surrender an opinion, nor to try to force one
on any other Senator or citizen. I arraign no
man because of his opinions. I do not admit the
fact that there is a better Democrat on earth than
I am, or a sounder one on the question of State
rights, and even on the slavery question.
"Mr. GREEN. One.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, not one. When a man
tells me he will vote forme if nominated—wonder-
ful condescension indeed! Vote for mo if nom-
inated ! As if such a man could for a moment
compare records with me in labor for the Dem-
ocratic party. I assail nobody, I make no tests
on any one; but, at the same time, I am determ-
ined never to surrender a conscientious convic-
tion even to secure the highest place in the Gov-
ernment. I repeat, if there are no assaults made
on me, we shall go on in perfect harmony. I have
no grievances, but I have no concessions. I have
no abandonment of position or principle; no re-
cantation to make to any man or body of men on
earth. If Senators are satisfied with their own
record and will let mine alone, they will get along
very well. I will answer some of the assaults
upon my record. I have none to make on any
other Senator. If you all act on this principle,
we shall get along; butif not, thrse discussions
will be renewed. I trust that I am understood.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, 1 dislike always
these controversies of a personal character. I dis-
like oven to descend to argue the relative positions
of individuals as belonging to this or that party,
i do not think it belongs to the Senate; but as it
is forced upon me on this occasion, I believe I
would rather dispose of it just now than to have
it renewed. All tho references as to those who
have attacked the Senator from Illinois and his
record, as to those who have made personal or
political attacks upon him, and most of all, ref-
erences to those who attacked him while he was
sick in his bed,belong notto me. Swcepingly?>s
he spreads it over the Semite, I am not the only
one on whom that accusation does not rest.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I expressly confined it to
one Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know what importance
the Senator should have attached to the declara-
tion of that individual who said he would vote for
him if nominated. He seems to have given it
very little importance, rather to have cast it from
him as a thing beneath him. Now, perhaps the
individual meant as little; perhaps the individual
attached as littleimportance to his promise as the
Senator does; for he may not have considered it
in the catalogue of chances that it would ever
happen. There, again, I happen to be a person
who could not have been referred to. I do not
know who made that remark to which the Sena-
tor alluded.
But why do we hear again and again revived this j
ideaof an assault upon the Senator? Isit to restore !
that Democratic harmony of which he speaks as j
the harbinger of success? How isit possible that j
the Senator has learned that there was a purpose to
proscribe him, or howis it possible the Senator has •
Learned that the basis of action of the Departments
is such as he has stated <on this occasion ? How
could he know that thePostmasterGeneralorthe
President asks such questions and applies such
tests to candidates and incumbents in officer He
could only get it from those who came to him to
make him the depository of their complaints—the
disappointed who came to him to get his sympa-
thy, or, perhaps, the expectants that came to him
to get his future support4. It would be quite im-
possible that he could obtain it from the head of
the Department or the head of the Government—
the only persons who could have properly given
any such information. Now, I ask of the feena-
tor, is it quite fair to those high functionaries, is
it quite worthy of himself, to make such an alle-
gation, impossible as it is that he can have the
proof to sustain it? Why set himself up as tho
particular object for the sympathy of Democrats
who are to be proscribed ? He admits that some
time ago a Senator came to him and offered to give
him, so far as he could transfer to him, the posi-
tion of chairmanship of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, a position which he must
have felt to be one interesting to his constituents,
where he might labor effectively for them, where
he might lay his hand upon this very abuse of
which he has complained to-day; but he declined
it for reasons which he has given. I sought to
learn from him whether there was not also the
other reason, the determination to make that ques-
tion whether he should be chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories or not, one which the De-
mocracy of the Senate should decide, and if they
dccided i t ad versely, he would consider it a ground
of complaint ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I thought I said, and if not,
I will say now, that I never had a determination
to make it a cause of complaint, becausc there was
a fixed purpose on my part never to allude to it
publicly in any way whatever; and I never should
have done so, but for the fact that it seemed to be
thrown before me here m these discussions, and
I was compelled to speak; but I will say, that I
did feel that, the courtesies of the Senate, in this
respect, having been violated for the first tiitie, so far
as Iknow, in the history of the Senate, in my per-
son, self-respect required that I should take no
other place, while I sought no place whatsoever.
Mr. DAVIS. I really feel what the Senator
has expressed—a desire to avoid any controversy
which will separate those between whom there is
political affiliation. Towards the Senator himself
I can have no personal animosity. Many years
of joint labor and generally of cooperation, leave
a great many kind remembrances with me in con-
nection with him. I would do nothing to degrade
him, nothing to wound his just sensibility, and I
but expressed what the favorable opinion I had
so long entertained of him I thought justified,
when 1 said that I had not heard him complain;
and I might have gone further, and said that I
expected him,4vhen notified that the majority of
his own party did not concur with his sentiments
in relation to territorial government, to say: " I
am unfit to be your organ, and I do not wish to bo
so."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I beg the Senator to remem-
ber that I was never notified of it, but was re-
moved from my position when I was fifteen hun-
dred miles off, without notice.
Mr. DAVIS. In the Senator's absence, I sup-
pose the committees were to be organized. Could
they have been organized by*puttmg him at the
head of the territorial committee, and afterwards
requiring him to vacate? Certainly not. Was
it not sufficient, when he learned that their opin-
ions so far differed from his that lie could not be
their organ on these questions: and did he not still
occupy high and responsible positions on other
committees as well as on that? Was he not on
the Committee on Foreign Relations, which stands
first in the order of the Senate ? Was he disturbed
on the Committee on Public Buildings?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not know that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly; if you look at
the list you will find it so.
Mr DAVIS. It is this session. Wo served
together on that committee last session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know we did; but I am
dropped from that this year. Territories last
year, and Public Buildings this.
