2S90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
no matter how much the revenue has increased,
to show us that we are not falling in debt in this
operation, would be false—necessarily false.
Mr. HALE. Weil, sir, the reason of that is,
the increased and extravagant allowances that
have been put on improvidently and improperly.
There ia the Butterficld route, and those other
routes about which the Senator from Maryland
has spoken. I only want to show that it is im-
provident action on the part of Congress, and not
the reduction of postage, which produces the state
of things that we now have.
Mr. HAMMOND. There is no doubt a great
deal in that, Mr. President; and when I was up
before, I stated the very thing that the Senator
from New Hampshire has stated—that the reduc-
tion to five and ten cents that was made in 1845
did not increase the deficiency. There is where
he ought to have gone to prove his figures; but
the deficiency was very little increased under the
reduction to five and ten cents. If I recollect from
a casual reading of that report, which 1 have lost,
and i have endeavored to find it since this question
came up, but 1 cannot; but if 1 am right in my
recollection from a casual reading of it, the defi-
ciencies from 1845 to 1851 were but a little larger
on an average than the previous deficiencies, show-
ing that that waS a sum to which the postages
might be fairly reduced. But the moment you
put them down to half that, then began the defi-
ciencies; and now they have run up, as the Sen-
ator from Maryland says, to seven or eight million
dollars. Since that time we have increased them
most extravagantly. Since 1845 we have acquired
the Pacific coast, which takes some two or three
million out of the Post Office Department.
I am not opposed to increasing the postal facil-
ities. I think it all important to a growing, thriv-
ing country like ours, to have the most exten-
sive postal facilities; but they must be made to
pay for themselves; and it is no use to say that
the revenue increased one or two million dollars
in ten years on the postages, when your defi-
ciency has increased to seven or eight million dol-
lars. That is no logic. That is no way to state
the fact. You do not look at it but from one point
of view. A statesman or an honest politician
would state both sides. The increase of revenue
must be pari passu with the expenditure, and there
must be no deficiency.
Now, sir, this thing is very easily understood.
This is but one portion of tne whole game that
has been played from the beginning of the world
to the presentday, by which a concentrated pop-
ulation and a population capable of exercising an
influence, do exercise a decisive influence over a
population that is ignorant and does not concen-
trate, and theiefoie cannot exercise an influence.
This is but one more illustration of that, just like
the tariff and all such things. Here arc your
newspaper editors in your cities, controlling in a
great measure public opinion, who want to have
cheap postages to sell their newspapers. Here
arc your great merchants in your citics paying,
under the old rate, some two or three thousand
dollars cach of them for postages. They want
to be relieved of this heavy tax, and they con-
trived this scheme, artfully devised under the
popular name of cheap postages, to put taxation
upon the rural population throughout the coun-
try, and throw it upon the Treasury, when it
ought to be paid by the persons who use it. They
throw it upon the general Treasury to which we
all contribute. It is just a fresh scheme of capi-
tal to oppress labor—nothing more and nothing
less. It is a humbug from beginning to end, and
a scheme for taxing the rural population of the
country for the benefit of the commercial and
political.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, 1 apprehend
that the Senator from South Carolina is cooper-
ating with a party that has it in its power to rec-
tify a great many of the evils that he has pointed
out. 1 imagine that a great many of the evils that
he thinks result from low postage flow from the
increase of officers connected with the Post Office
Department; many ofwhom are supernumeraries,
and entirely unnecessary. 1 find, by the report
that has been made by the Postmaster General,
that there is paid from the revenues of the United
States the sum of $2,654,000 per annum as pay
for postmasters. You pay to youi>route agents
$626,174, many of whom are utterly useless, and
ought to be dismissed. You pay to the clerks in
your Post Office Department §950,000—almost a
million dollars—to support your Post Office De-
partment here,many of whom donot woik twelve
hours in a month. One great cause of the de-
ficiency in the Post Office Department, I appre-
hend, does not result from the low postage that
has been established, but from the fact that the
railroads of this country have got control of the
post routes.
I wish to remark to the Senator from South
Carolin'a, that he will observe, from the statistics
which 1 furnish him, that there is paid about four
million dollars from the Post Office Department
for the support of these clerks,and for the support
of persons connectcd with the Department. 1 ap-
prehend that he or anybody else who will make
a thorough investigation into the subject, will
discover that a very large proportion of that
$4,000,000 might be saved to the Government, and
that these men who are now hangers on about the
Departments, who are now messengers upon our
railroads and upon our steamboats, preaching
politics, might very properly become producers,
rather than consumers, to the public Treasury.
But 1 was observing, Mr. President, that, in
my conviction, a great deal of the evil which the
Senator says results from this low postage really
flows from the fact that the railroad companies
have got control of your postal routes; and there
has been no way yet devised, or no way pro-
posed, thus far at any rate, by which we can con-
trol those railroad companies.
Mr. YULEE. Before the Senator left the mat-
ter of supernumerary officers, I was going to ask
him whether he had in his mind the case^of any
supernumerary officer?
Mr. GRIMES. I have, sir.
Mr. YULEE. I am sure the Department will
be very desirous to displace him, if the Senator
can point out a single one who is supernumerary.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 do not know how that may
be. I have not troubled the Department with
any reports to them in regard to the supernumera-
ries, for I have discovered that the Department has
been discontinuing the post offices in the county
in which I reside, in which I am personally inter-
ested, without any consultation with me or any
one else who represents the State of Iowa, and I
supposed it would be useless for me to make re-
ports to the Department.
Mr. YULEE. The special agents have been
reduced to thirteen within fbelast yearfromsome
fortyodd;and the route agents, wlioare the only
remaining agents, except the thirteen special
agents, the Senator must know, if he has traveled
upon railroads, and if he has railroads in his State,
are indispensable in the present state of railroad
service. They arc employed altogether upon the
railioads.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know that, Mr. Presi-
dent. I do not know that it is impossible to mnke
a contract with a railroad company by which that
company would undertake to transport the mails
precisely as a company transported them upon a
mail-coach in former years.
Mr. YULEE. They arc employed as traveling
postmasters, and make distribution to the local
offices on the way, which the railroad companies
will not do.
Mr. GRIMES. So did the contractors who
ran the post coaches. They received their pouchcs
as they were handed to them at different points,
by the dillerentpostmasters where they wont, and
handed out tin; pouches to the different offices
past which they drove; and I am not prepared,
by any manner of means, to say that it is im-
possible for the Post Office Department to make
an arrangement with the railroad companies by
which those companies will carry the mails be-
tween different points, and deliver and receive lo-
cal mails,precisely as the mails used to be received
and delivered under the old system.
But I was going to say, Mr. President, that you
are now paying $£3,243,974 to the railroad com-
panies alone. You are paying as high a-s $375 a
mile for transporting the mail over railroad linos.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the Senator state what
route that is ?
Mr. GRIMES. The line between here and
New York, sir. *
Mr. YULEE.
say ?
Mr. GRIMES.
five dollars a mile.
How much did the Senator
Three hundred and seventy-
Mr. YULEE. They carry three mails a day,
and much of the service is done at night.
Mi. GRIMES. I am not prepared to say; I
do not know anything about it; but it has been
suggested to me that there is no necessity for three
mails.
Mr. YULEE. Well, sir, so far from the De-
partment being at fault, I know that the compa-
nies concerned, especially one of them, is in a
state of warm hostility to the Department, because
they will not increase the compensation which
they consider, under the law, they are entitled to.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say to the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads that I am not arraigning the Department
at all. I am arraigning the public generally, and
Congress, for not interposing in this matter, and
passing some law by which we can secure, if pos-
sibly such a law should be passed, some control
over these railroad companies. I think they
ought to be classified into two or three different
classes. We ought to fix the amount that each
class should be adowed; and if they did not come
within thi.t amount, then we ought to restore the
mails to the old coaches.
Mr. YULEE. That is precisely the state of
the law as it now is.
Mr. GRIMES. Then how is it that you are
under the necessity of paying $375 a mile, which
everybody knows, or according to my apprehen-
sion ought to know, is much more than the ser-
vice is worth? Youare paying steamboats which,
according to the report of the Postmaster General,
render no service really to the country. The re-
ceipts from the mails carried by those steamboats
amount not to exceed six per cent, upon the amount
that is paid to the contractors who carry the mail
on the steamboats. You pay to them $1,157,843,
and you pay to the overland mail route £273,000,
making a total of $9,907,901, nearly ten million
dollars, a large proportion of which, in my con-
viction, ought to be saved and could be saved, and
if the Department was properly administered, and
proper laws were enacted by Congress under which
it could be administered, twenty-five per cent,
could be saved to the Treasury.
One word now in regard to the suggestion of the
Senator from South Carolina, that the Post Office
Department ought to be self-supporting. Why,
sir, wc might just as well expect the War Depart-
ment to be self-supporting, or the Navv Depart-
ment to be self-supporting. This Post Office De-
partment is the aid, the assistant, the servant of
every Department in the Government. How much
is saved to the Government of the United States
by having a post route between St. Louis and
Jefferson Barracks and this place, instead of re-
quiring a spccial assent and messenger to be dis-
patched all the way from St. Louis here; and
yet the Government does not pay for that; but
you would be compelled, if a spccial messenger
was sent from Jefferson Barracks here, to incur
an expense of one or two hundred dollars. Just
so it is with every other Departmentin your Gov-
ernment. The time never will arrive, in my opin-
ion, when this great civilizer, the Post Office De-
partment, can be dispensed with, or ever oughtto
be dispensed with, no matter if it shall be a tax
of a few million dollars upon the country. I am
convinced that it will not be a tax upon the Gov-
ernment for one mill, if it is properly adminis-
tered.
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not pretend to deny
that the Post Office Department could be admin-
istered much better than it is, or that any De-
partment m this Government could not be much
better administered than it is. ]>t the Senator
find out, point out, and make plain all maladmin-
istration, and no one will so cheerfully go with
him as I will, in correcting them; but this gene-
ral way of charging maladministration is a mat-
ter that I pay but little attention to. I have no
doubt that there are great defects in the adminis-
tration of every Department here; and the Sen-
ator, being an active and able and rather a young
man, could not do better than take up any one of
the Departments, and make it his study, and find
out every error and every fraud and every cor-
ruption in it, and expose it to the country; and
it would be well for every other Senator each to
take up a Department. That is the way to re-
form; but these general denunciations amount to
nothing.
I have but one word more, sir. In reference to
