1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Gong....1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
be satisfied and adequate redress obtained for the
injuries inflicted upon them. The constitutional
Government have ever cvinced a strong desire to
do us justice, and this might be secured in advancc
by a preliminary treaty.
Jt may be said that these measures will, at least
indircctly, be inconsistent with our wise and settled
policy not to interfere in the domestic concerns of
foreign nations. But does not the present case
fairly constitute an exception t An adjoining Re-
public is in a state of anarchy and confusion from
which she has proved wholly unefblc to extricate
herself. She is entirely destitute of the power to
maintain peacc upon her borders, or to prevent
the incursions of banditti into our territory. In
her fate and in her fortune—in her power to es-
tablish and maintain a settled government—we
have a far deeper interest, socially, commercially,
and politically, than any other nation. She is
now a wreck upon the ocean, drifting about as
she is impelled by different factions. As a good
neighbor, shall we not extend to her a helping
hand to save her? If we do not, it would not be
surprising should some other nation undertake
the task, and thus force us to interfere at last,
under circumstances of increased difficulty, for
the maintenance of our established policy.
I repeat the recommendation contained in my
last annual message that authority may be given
to the President to establish one or more tempo-
rary military posts across the Mexican line m
Sonora and Chihuahua, where these may be ne-
cessary to protect the lives and property of Amer-
ican and Mexican citizens against the incursions
and depredations of the Indians, as well as of
lawless rovers on that remote region. The es-
tablishment of one such post at a point called
Anspe, in Sonora, in a country now almost de-
populated by the hostile inroads of the Indians
from our side of the line, would, it is believed,
have prevented much injury and many cruelties
during the past season. A state of lawlessness
and violence prevails on that distant frontier.
Life and property are there wholly insecure. The
population of Arizona, now numbering more than
ten thousand souls, are practically "destitute of
government, of laws, or of any regular adminis-
tration of justice. Murder, rapine, and other
crimes are committed with impunity. I, there-
fore, again call the attention of Congress to the
necessity for establishing a territorial government
over Arizona.
The treaty with Nicaragua of the 16th Febru-
ary, 1857, to which I referred in my last annual
message, failed to receive the ratification of the
Government of that Republic, for reasons which
I need not enumerate. A similar treaty has been
since concluded between the parties, bearing date
on the 16th March, 1859, which has already been
ratified by the Nicaraguan Congress. This will
be immediately submftfed.to the Senate for their
ratification. Its provisions cannot, I think, fail
to be acceptable to the people of both countries.
Our claims against the Governments of Costa
Rica and Nicaragua remain unredressed, though
they are pressed "in an earnest manner, and not
without hope of success.
I deem it to be my duty once more earnestly to
i -commend to Congress the passage of a law au-
thorizing the President to employ the naval force
a: he.; command for the purpose of protecting the
livs and property of American citizens, passing
m transit across the Panama, Nicaragua, and
Tenuantepec routes, against sudden and lawless
outbreaks and depredations. I shall not repeat
the arguments employed in former messages in
support of this measure. Suffice it to say that
the lives uf many of our people, and the security
of vast amounts of treasure passing and repassing
over one or more of these routes between the At-
lruiiic and Pacific, may be deeply involved in the
action of Congress on this subject.
I would, also, again recommend to Congress
that authority be given to the President to employ
the naval iorce to protect American merchant ves-
sels, their crews and cargoes, against violent and
lawless seizure and confiscation in the ports of
Mexico and the Spanish American States, when
these countries may be in a disturbed and revolu-
tionary condition. "The mere knowledge that such
an authority had been conferred, as I have already
stated, would of itself, in a great decree, prevent
the evil. Neither would this require any addi-
tional appropriation for the naval service.
The chief objection urged against the grant of
this authority is, thatCongress, by conferring it,
would violate the Constitution—that it would be
a transfer of the wor-making, or. strictly speak-
ing, the war-declaring power to the Executive.
If this were well founded, itwould, of course, be
conclusive. Avery brief examination, however,
will place this objection at rest.
Congress possess the sole and exclusive power,
under the Constitution, " to declare war." They
alone can " raise and support armies," and pro-
vide and maintain a navy." But after Congress
shall have declared war, and provided the force
necessary to carry it on, the President, as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, can
alone employ this force in making war against the
enemy. This is the plain language, and history
proves that it was the well-known intention of
the framers of the Constitution.
It will not be denied that the general " power to
declare war" is without limitation, and embraces
within itself not only what writers on the law of
nations term a public or perfect war, but also an
imperfect war; and, in short, every species of hos-
tility, however confined or limited. Without the
authority of Congress, the President cannot fire a
hostile gun in any case, except to repel the attacks
of an enemy. It will not be doubted that, under
this power, Congress could, if they thought proper,
authorize the President to employ the force at his
command to seize a vessel belonging to an Ameri-
can citizen which had been illegally and unjustly
captured in a foreign port, and restore it to its
owner. But can Congress only act after the fact—
after the mischief has been done? Have they no
power to confer upon the President the authority
in advance to furnish instant redress should such
a case afterwards occur ? Must they wait until the
mischief has been done, and can they apply the
remedy only when it is too late? To confer this
authority to meet future cases under circumstances
strictly specified is as clearly within the war-mak-
ing power as such an authority conferred upon the
President by act of Congress after the deed had
been done. In the progress of a great nation,
many exigencies must arise imperativelyrequiring
that Congress should authorize the President to
act promptly on certain conditions which may or
may not afterwards arise. Oar history has al-
ready presented a number of such cases. I shall
refer only to the latest.
Under the resolution of June 2, 1858, " for the
adjustment of the difficulties with the Republic of
Paraguay," the President is " authorized to adopt
such measures and use such force as in his judg-
ment may be necessary and advisable m the event
of a refusal of just satisfaction by the Government
of Paraguay." "Just satisfaction" for what?
For "the attack on the United States steamer
Water Witch," and " other matters referred to in
the annual message of the President." Here the
power is expressly granted upon the condition
that the Government of Paraguay shall refuse to
render this "just satisfaction." I n this and other
similar cases Congress have conferred upon the
President power m advance to employ the Army
and Navy upon the happening of contingent future
events; and this most certainly is embraced within
the power to declare war.
Now, if this conditional and contingent power
could be constitutionally conferred upon the Pres-
ident in the case of Paraguay, why may it not be
confeired for the purpose of protecting the lives
and property of American citizens m the event
that they may bo violently and unlawfully at-
tacked m passing over the transit routes to and
from California, or assailed by the seizure of their
vessels in a foreign port? To deny this power is
to render the Navy, in a great degree, useless for
the protection of the lives and property of Amer-
ican citizens in countries where neither protection
nor redress can be otherwise obtained.
The Thirty-Fifth Congress terminated on the
3d of March, 1859, without having passed the
"act making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th June, 1860." This act also contained
an appropriation "to supply deficiencies in the
revenue of the Post Office Department for-the
year ending the 30th of June, 1859." I belieye
this is the first instance, since the origin of the
Federal Government, now more than seventy
years ago, when any Congress went out of ex-
istence without having passed all the general
appropriation bills necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment until the regular period for the meeting
of a new Congress. This event imposed on the
Executive a grave responsibility, ft presented a
choice of evils.
Had this omission of duty occurred at the first
session of the last Congress, the remedy wqu&
have been plain. I might then have instantly-
recalled them .to complete then- work—and this
without expense to the Government. But on the
4th of March last there were fifteen of the thirty-
three States which had not elected any Represent-
atives to the present Congress. Had Congress
been called together immediately, these States
would have been virtually disfranchised. If an
intermediate period had been selected, several of
the States would have been compelled to hold extra
sessions of their Legislatures, at great inconveni-
ence and expense, to provide for elections at an
earlier day than that previously fixed by law.
In the regular course, ten of these States would
not elect until after the beginning of August,
and five of these ten not until October and Novem-
ber.
On the other hand, when I came to examine
carefully the condition of the Post Office Depart-
ment, I did not meet as many or as great difficul-
ties as I had apprehended. Had the bill which
failed been confined to appropriations for the fiscal
year ending on the 30th June next, there would
have been no reason of pressing importance for tho
call of an extra session. Nothing would become
due on contracts (those with railroad companies
only excepted) for carrying the mail for the first
quarter of the present fiscal year, commencing on
the 1st of J.uly, until the 1st of December—less
than one week before the meeting of the present
Congress. The reason is that the mail contractors
for this the current year did not complete their
first quarter's service until the 30th September
last; and by the terms of their contracts, sixty-
days more are allowed for the settlement of their
accounts before the Department could be called
upon for payment.
The great difficulty and the great hardship con-
sisted in the failure to provide for the payment of
the deficiency in the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1859. The Department had entered into
contracts, in obedience to existing laws, for the
service of that fiscal year, and ti*~ contractors
were fairly entitled to their compensation as it be-
came due. The deficiency as stated in the bill
amounted to $3,838,728, but, after a careful settle-
ment of all these accounts, it has been ascertained
that it amounts to $4,296,009. With the scanty
means at his command the Postmaster General
has managed to pav that portion of this deficiency
which occurred in the. first two quarters of the past
fiscal year ending on the 31st December last. In
the mean time the contractors themselves, under
these trying circumstances, have behaved in a
manner worthy of all commendation. They had
one resource m the midst of their embarrassments.
After the amount due to each of them had been
ascertained and finally settled according to law,
this became a specific debt of record against the
Uuited States, which enabled them to borrow
money on this unquestionable sccunty. Still they
wcie obliged to pay interest in consequence of the
default of Congress, and on every principle of
justice ought to receive interest from the Govern-
ment. This interest should commence from the
date when a warrant'would have issued for the
payment of the principal had an appropriation
been made for this purpose. Calculated up to 1st
December, it will not excecd $96,660, a sum not
to be taken into account when contrasted with
the great difficulties and embarrassments of a
jDublic and private character, both to the people
and the States, which would have resulted from
convening and holding a special session of Con-
gress.
For these reasons I recommend the passage of
a bill, at as early a day as may be practicable, to
provide for the payment of the amount, with in-
