1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2391
what the Senator from Maryland stated to-day,
that the service could be performed between
Charleston and Havana for $20,000, it was stated
to me that Mr. Caldwell, the president of the
South Carolina railroad, had made that proposi-
tion. His name was given to me by a member
of the Finance Committee. I have had him tel-
egraphed; and have just received a telegraphic
dispatch fiom the owner of the Isabel, the person
interested, who says:
"I have just seen Mr. Caldwell in person. Pie positively
denies that he made any such statement."
And I think that will be the end of all such
rumors.
Mr. PEARCE. I know nothing of Mr. Cald-
well, and never heard of him before.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, in reference to
this particular matter which the Senator has just
now stated, 1 will say, in passing—and 1 really
do not rise for the purpo.se of engaging in the
Isabel squabble, which is a very small matter—
that 1 know the fact that a gentleman of respons-
ibility, an officer of the Government, stated that
Mr. Caldwell, the gentleman referred to there, had
authorized him to say that the service between
Charleston and Havana could be performed for
$20,000.
Mr. MALLORY. Who was it?
Mr. YULEE. I will give you his name else-
where. He will vindicate the statement.
Mr. HAMMOND. Here is the dispatch signed
by Mr. Caldwell.
Mr. YULEE. I state that to vindicate the De-
partment, and it is upon the responsibility of the
gentleman who made the statement; and I have
not the slightest doubt that he will vindicate it.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow mo to ask
him, has not this route been open to bids since
the expiration of the Isabel contract?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Why did he not bid for it for
$20,000?
Mr. Y ULEE. It was offered to bid for the post-
ages. 1 dismiss the Isabel matter for the present,
for it is of but small consequence in comparison
with the very important question which is really
before the Senate, and as I understand it, it is
not now properly before the Senate for considera-
tion.
I have been authorized, Mr. President, by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
recommend to the Senate the adoption of the
amendment proposed by the Finance Committee.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
have felt themselves authorized to consider the
subject, and to invite the support of the Senate to
the amendment coming from the Finance Commit-
tee, bccause the cfiect of the provision contained
in the appropriation bill which has come from
the House of Representatives is utterly to destroy
and disorganize the Department for all useful pur-
poses. It is impossible that the postal system can
ever stand usefully for the public upon any other
ground than a strict enforcement of contracts be-
tween the Depaitment and its employes, and the
proposition from the House is tostrikedownevery
exercise of authoritative and legal power which
the Department has used during the last year for
the reform of that Department. It is to set at
naughtentirely the contracts which were existing
between the Government and these contractors,
(for the Department is only the agent of the Gov-
ernment,) and which authorized m its terms all
that the Department has done, and authorized it
to be done upon the discretion of the Department,
which they used.
Mr. President, I can conceive of no more fla-
gitious or dangerous legislation than that which
is proposed by the bill of the House. It seeks to
reinstate without discrimination as to the value
of the route, without considering the propriety of
the action of the Department in each case, and
when, in fact, most gentlemen upon this floor
wouid be obliged to rise in their place and declare,
upon their honor, they believed, in most of the
instances in which the power of curtailment was
employed by the Department, it had been dis-
creetly employed. It proposes to reinstate it all;
to pay for service done without authority; and to
lay the foundation for claims for damages which
never will end, and the amount of which we can-
not now contemplate. Some cases already, rest-
ing upon the principle of this bill, have passed the
House, of a character,! am obliged to say, most i
extraordinary; and they will be but the precursors
of millions of similar Qemands, which the action
of this Congress, if it concurs in the vote of cen-
sure contained in that clause, will have warranted
and justified.
Mr. President, what was the condition of the
postal service at the last session? Gentlemen,
especially upon the other side, were proclaiming
againstwhat they claimed to be the extraordinary
growth of expenditure in the Post Office Depart-
ment, and were demanding of the Government a
reduction; and almost universally they charged
the causc of the great increase in expenditure as
compared with the revenue, which made neces-
sary, in the opinion of the majority of this body,
the increase of the rate of postage, upon the undue
increase in the postal service; but now, when the
Department, reviewing the condition of that ser-
vice, has stricken off routes which they deemed
to be useless, and has reduced service which they
thought to be too much, it is proposed at once to
reinstate things where they were at the time gen-
tlemen were denouncing the administration of the
Department for the great growth of expenditure.
I have caused to be prepared a table, which T
shall cause to be printed, and which Senators will
find of great utility in examining this subject,
which makes an extraordinary exhibition of the
wonderful and enormous growth of expenditure
within the last two or three years, and the neces-
sity for reform. The whole cost of the postal
service for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1857, was $7,096,615.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Inland and foreign?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; inland altogether. On
the 30th of June, 1858, it was $8,159,000, having
been increased over a million during that year.
On June 30, 1859, it was nine million nine hun-
dred and seventy-nine thousand and odd dol-
lars, having been increased nearly two million m
that year. The total increase during those two
years of 1858 and 1859, was $2,889,213, within a
fraction of three millions; which was neaily half
the total cost for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857. Thus, in two years there had been an in-
crease m the service of nearly one half. Was
there not occasion for reform? How far did that
reform go? 1 propose to show that it has been
kept within healthful limits; that it has been per-
haps, more constrained than it should have been
in justice to the public; but it was probably as
much as could be safely or wisely dona, at once.
The whole reduction made by the Department,
deducting the increase, was $1,042,000; leaving
now after these reductions, the cost of the service
at $8,789,000, as compared with $7,096,000 two
years ago, an increase, after all the deductions are
made, of over $600,000, which the Department has
caused within the last year.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is all on transportation.
Mr. YULEE. Yes,sir; all on transportation.
Now, it is proper that I should say, because it
will strike the public as a very extraordinary fact
that there should have been so large an increase
within the last two years, that the spirit under
which that extraordinary increase was incurred,
had been infused into the service as far back as
1850. The facts are very extraordinary in re-
spect to the growth of these postal expenditures.
In 1850, the total length of routes was one hun-
dred and seventy-eight thousand six hundred and
seventy-two miles, and the annual transportation
forty-six million and a fraction. Now, it will be
considered extraordinary; and it was then 
Mr. COLLAMER. How much do you say
was the transportation in 1850?
Mr. YULEE. Do you mean the total annual
transportation ?
Mr. COLLAMER. For June, 1850?
Mr. YULEE. It was four million six hundred
and fifty-one thousand.
Mr. COLLAMER. Two million four hundred
and ninety-four thousand dollars.
Mr. YULEE. I am not speaking of dollars.
I am speaking of miles. I am speaking of the
growth of the service, bccause it is that which
creates the cost. The cost varies according to
the pricc of coal, &c.
Mr. COLLAMER. The transportation was
$2,500,000.
Mr. YULEE. Yes. I had been speaking be-
fore of the increase in the transportation by the
former table. 1 am speaking now of the growth
of the service, which creates the cost. It will
strike Senators as extraordinary that in less than
three years after 1850, there was an increase in
the amount of actual transportation, which lays
the basis forcost, of one third. The annual trans-
portation—the increase of which from 1840 had
been very moderate, and only in proportion to the
growth of population—increased within the three
years of the administration of Mr, Hall and Mr-.
Hubbard from forty-six millions and & fraction
to sixty-one millions and a fraction of annual
transportation; and it is that which started the
spirit of increase. During the administration of
Mr. Campbell the increase was thirteen millions,
and during that of Mr. Brown, two years, seven
millions. Thus it had grown from forty -six mil-
lions, in 1850, to eighty-two millions, or nearly
double, in 1859. Thus, when our population has
only been increasing at about the same ratio as
heretofore, a service which had grown only to
forty-six millions from the commencement of the
Government down to 1850, has jumped within
this period often years to an amount about double
its then condition.
Now,Senators, by the way ofillustration ofthe
justice and propriety of the course adopted by the
Department, I propose to give you a very few
striking illustrations of the necessity for the inter-
vention of the Department, and for the reform
which they have initiated. I take the case of
Texas as one illustration. I take the case of States
represented by rnv friends and the friends of the
Administration, that it may not be said partiality
had been exhibited in the case of the Department,
or in the illustrations which I use in support of
their action. On June 30,1857, the whole service
in Texas was $232,000. That service in two
years had grown to the sum of $654,000. There
had been an increase in those two years in the
single State of Texas of $395,000. Upon a total
service in 1857 of $232,000, we had grown in two
years to the sum of $034,000; making an increase
of $395,000 in those two years.
I take now the case of Missouri, one of the
Senators from which seemed to complain that
his State had been somewhat harshly treated.
The State of Missouri had a service on June 30,
1857,of$273,663. It had grown,onJunc30,1859,
in two years, to $648,000, an increase in those
two years of $375,000 in the State of Missouri.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
make a little explanation at this point, becausc it
is appropriate ?
Mr. YULEE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. GREEN. The way they make out that,
they chargc to Missouri the overland mail from St.
Joseph to Placerville of $190,000. They charge
to Missouri the mail from Independence to Santa
Fe. They charge to Missouri tne mail from Kan-
sas City to Stockton, California.
Mr. TOOMBS. Oh, no.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir. I can show it in the
estimates as they made them up. They charge
to Missouri the msyl from St Joseph to Omaha, I
believe it is in Nebiaska, and charge to Missouri
another line from the southwest of Missouri down
to Fort Smith, in Arkansas. Now I say that each
State ought to bear its own burden in the com-
parative estimates you make, and not charge to
Missouri the service carried across the plains.
Mr. POLK. I will ask my colleague if they
did not also chargc the route from Neosho to Al-
buquerque to Missouri?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. I do not know what they charge.
I know that is the condition of them.
Mr. POLK. If the Senator will allow me, it
ought to be remembered that most of these points
my colleague has mentioned as having termini in
Missouri, are immediately on the western bound-
ary line of Missouri. Take that line from Ne-
osho, certainly there are less than twelve miles in
Missouri, and, I think, about six. 1 will not be
sure about that. I am very sure that but a small
number of miles of them are in Missouri.
Mr. GREEN. Independence is on the line, and
so is Kansas City.
Mr. POLK. Kansas is within a few strides of
the line.
Mr. YULEE. I am inclined to think it will be
found, and I will take the trouble to look, that the
only route of the overland routes charged to Mis-
souri is the Placerville route, known as the route
from St. Joseph to Salt Lake City, which com-
prised a large portion of the reduction made in
