2392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Missouri. Now, as I was saying, there had been
an increase of $375,000 in Missouri.
Mr. GREEN. Out of Missouri.
Mr. YULEE. Then, out of Missouri; and if
so, the redaction made by the Department does
not hurt Missouri; for scarcely any was made on
the inland service. Sixty-five thousand dollars
of the amount of reduction in Missouri is the
amount reducedfrom theSt. Joseph route. But,,
be that as it may, they, as we see by the report
of the Postmaster General, have been reduced;
and how stands Missouri now? After all the re-
duction made by the Department, Missouri has
now a service costing $519,000; which, as com-
pared with the cost in 1857, leaves it still nearly
double. After all the reductions have been made
by the Department, their service will still have
been nearly doubled within two years.
Mr. POLK. What did the Senator state was
the amount of curtailment for Missouri?
Mr. YULEE. The net reduction in Missouri
was $129,000; and of that, nearly seventy thou-
sand dollars was on a route which gentlemen say
docs not belong to their State; so that the amount
of actual reduction within Missouri is very little.
Mr. POLK. The amount of reduction, then,
to which you referred, was $65,000. I suppose I
know what you refer to.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly. I can tell you what
that was for, if necessary.
Mr. POLK. It is not necessary. Sixty-five
thousand is the amount.
Mr. YULEE. Now, in respect to Texas, to
which I referred just now, the service, as itstands
in Texas at present, under all the reductions, cost
$527,000 a year, against $232,000 two years ago,
which is more than double after all the reductions.
It will be found in most of the instances in which
complaint is made, that these facts exist; that the
reductions have been made mainly where the most
extraordinary increase of service had occurred,
and where it was necessary to make reductions to
enable the Department to extend to other portions
of the country the benefits which they weie en-
titled to under the postal system, and make a more
equal and fair distribution.
Now, when I statethefaet—and the table I have
before me shows it—that after all the reductions
the increase within the last two years has been
nearly two million dollars, which is nearly a
lourth of the whole cost two years ago, the Sen-
ator will see that it is impossible to believe there
could have been such a gross inattention and neg-
ligence on the jrail of the Department in making
their curtailments, as to justify the wholesale res-
toration proposed by this bill, and which must
throw back upon the Department a cost of nearly
two million a year.
Mr, GRIMES. Will (he Senator allow mo to
ask him a question ? He says there is an increase
of two million in two years.
Mr. YULEE. Very nearly.
Mr. GRIMES. Has not that arisen from the
fact that a great many railroads have been put in
operation during the last year?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir. There has boon very
little comparative increase in the railroad service
during the List year. The financial difficulties of
1857 suspended tin; construction of lailroads very
much in the country, and the increase of roads
put in operation during- the last year is very little; ,
and where they have been put in operation, it has i
been at prices ranging much below the former
average of"service.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the ease in my own
State, I know.
Mr. YULEE. And it is a refoim which I hope
the Senator will sustain the Dtpartment in.
I have another table here which is very striking
asexhibiring the necessity of reform. The amount !
of cost to the Government as compared with the
population, has grown with an increase that is
astounding since the commencement of the postal
system. In 1790 each inhabitant of the country
cost for his postal service about eight mills. In
1800 it had grown to four cents. In 1810 to six
and three fourth cents; in 1820 to twelve cents;
in 1830 to fifteen and a half cents. In 1840 it got
to twenty-seven and three fourth cents—nearly
double. In 1850 to twenty-two and a half cents
—falling again. In 1SG0 it has risen to a cost of
fifty cents to each inhabitant of the United States.
Commencing at a proportion of eight mills to an
inhabitant, it has grown to the amount of fifty
May 28,
cents to each inhabitant of the United States, and
has bounded from twenty-two and a half cents in
1850 to fifty cents in I860.
I have shown enough, I think, sir, to induce, as
I hope, the Senate to pause and consider. I doubt
whether any gentleman can rise upon this floor
and indicate any case of the curtailment of which
he complains, in which the Department will not
b£ prepared to show that the curtailment was
wisely made; but it is very possible that mistakes
may have occurred. I doubt not they have oc-
curred, and have not the least doubt that as soon
as the Department has any means, they will be
very ready to receive the advice of gentlemen
representing the portions of the country in which
mistakes are urged to have occurred, and correct
them.
Mr. COLLAMER.. If the .gentleman will in-
dulge me a moment, I think he makes a mis-
take there. I am satisfied there are sections of
the country where there w'as no examination
made in relation to the routes that were discon-
tinued at all. I know personally of routes that
were ffiscontinued, in which, in the intermediate
offices between the termini supplied by the route,
there was not only income enough to pay half, as
it is called, but more than pay all of the expenses.
They were discontinued; that is, were diseon- 1
tinued from daily down to tri-weekly; and on
my showing it to the Department, they were re-
stored.
Mr. YULEE. Well, I have no doubt this will
be found to be the state of the case, although my
friend from Vermont thinks that the examination
was not made in some sections of the country, !
and I suppose he alludes to his own section.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do.
Mr. YULEE. It will be found that the cur-
tailments in every scction of the country were
made after advice with the special agents em-
ployed in the different sections, and who were
continually going over the ground,and were able
to advise well with the Department.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will allow me,
I will say that I think I know several cases pre-
cisely like those stated by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator speaks about
special agents traveling over the country. Theie
is only one special agent for the whole north-
eastern division; and as to taking advice about
the diflcrrnt sections of the country, and striking
the routes off, they were struck oft" without look-
ing into them. They could not have been looked
into, because they would have found routes in my
own ncighboihood wlieie the income from the
routes themselves more than paid all the expenses !
011 them, and which were restored at oncc on its
being shown to the Department.
Mr. YULEE. I have very little idea that the
Department went upon the rule that they would
be governed by the income. That is not the rule
upon which the service rests.
Mr. COLLAMER. He said ho did restore it
for that very reason.
Mr. YULEE. Then the Senator presents a case
in which there was a restoration made upon the
Department being satisfied of that.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly; I Raid so.
Mr. YULEE. Then in every similar ease I
suppose there will bo similar action. These cur-
tailments were made, I have been informed, by
the very careful oiiiccr who lias charge of the
transportation department of the Government,
who is well known to the Senator, and who was
much better able to judge of the proper mode of
the curtailments in each State than any other per-
son could have been. I know that they spent a
good deal of labor, and e ndeavored to deal prop-
erly with every section of the country.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not want to interrupt
the gentleman, but I wish to say this: he seems
to say that no gentleman on this floor could cite
a case where service had been curtailed or discon-
tinued without full and fair consideration.
Mr. YULEE. No , sir; the Senator misunder-
stood me. I said I doubted if any gentleman could
rise upon this floor and state a case of complaint
for curtailment for which the Department could
not show a good leason. I said I doubted that,
and I doubted it for the reason that I am informed
by the officer who has charge of that branch of
the service that he gave his diligent and careful
attention to the subject during a period of nearly
three months, and the curtailments were all made
after the fullest consideration by him.
Mr. COLLAMER. That may have been upon
consideration of the statement made to him by the
special agent, but they were not made upon ex-
amination of the routes discontinued and'the in-
comes and the services on those routes. The pub-
lic service is to be determined, in a great measure,
• by the amount of postage on the route. That is
the way wo determine the wants of a route, by
the amount of postage it pays. Now, I say that
these routes were discontinued without examina-
tion of the routes themselves. I know it to be true,
because I have shown the very cases, and they
were corrected.
Mr. YULEE. I will ask my friend from Ver-
mont a question: does he not believe that many
and most of the curtailments made by the Depart-
ment in his State were properly made, discreetly
made, and such as he would have made himself?
Mr. COLLAMER. As to most of them 
Mr. YULEE. I will relievo the Senator, be-
cause that is a delicate question, as he is the rep-
resentative of the State 
Mr. COLLAMER. Not at all.
Mr. "V ULEE. But does not the Senator believe
some of them to be right r
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly.
Mr. YULEE. Very well; that is enough.
Mr. COLLAMER. Some of them I would not
restore.
Mr. It ULEE. I say, then, the admission that
there is a single case known to the Senator in
which the curtailment was right and proper to be
made is a sufficient reason for the rejection of this
proposition.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not think so.
Mr. YULEE. The presumption is, there are
more; and the certainty is, if you pass this pro-
vision as it stands, you are reinstating a service
which ought to have been discontinued, and which
ought to remain discontinued.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to show in what
an extraordinary manner this growth of expend-
iture has occurred, within the last ten years, in
this Government. In 1840 the whole cost of the
administration of the Post Office Department was
$4,718,000. In 1850, it was $5,212,000, an increase
of only about half a million during that time from
1840 to 1850; and no complaint was made in the
country that the Department was not giving to
the country as much increase of service as it could
prudently do. Now, what is the fact? While it
had only increased about five hundred thousand
dollars during that period of ten years, it has
leaped during the next period of ten years from
five to fifteen million, trebling in its cost.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him whether he is not aware that
from 1840 to 1851 the Department, by law, was
bound to keep within its income ? That was the
law. They had no appropriation, except $200,000
a year for carrying the departmental service. They
had none, with that exception, but the appropri-
ation of their own money; and docs he not know
that from 1851 to this time that has been cut off?
Mr. Y'ULEE. In reply to that, I say that I do
not know that they were limited. I think the
Senator will find that there is no law, and never
has been a law upon the statute-book, which
obliged tlieni to confine themselves to the amount
of their receipts. It was undoubtedly so contem •
plated in the original structure of the office, and
the law indicates that purpose. There were no
appropriations made for it, except occasionally,
and for very small amounts. There were occa-
sional cases. If the Senator thinks otherwise, I
stand corrected.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do. When in the De-
partment I so understood it. By the act of 1836
it is provided that the Postmaster General shall
make estimates, and state the heads of those esti-
mates. That statute of 1836 then provides that
the appropriation made by Congress for the Post
Office Department shall be confined to those items
in his estimates, anditshallbe considered as pay-
able only out of" the revenues of the Department
in the Treasury. That is the act of 1836.
Mr. YULEE. Exactly; but that did not limit
him.
Mr. COLLAMER. It did, entirely to that.
Mr. YULEE. It was not so considered by the
Department, and deficiencies did occur. They
could not draw anything from the Treasury They
