1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
lectcd and collated, and-which the large commer-
cial intercourse he himself had had with those
naitions in early life enabled him to collect better
than any other man in the United States, has
be^n of very great benefit to the country. I can-
not judge of it myself, and do not pretend to ex-
press an opinion on any information which I have
collected personally; but we have the testimony
of Jifr. Clayton, who was certainly one of the
most intelligent and honorable men in the coun-
try; a man largely connected with the operations
of this Government, and a member of the Senate
for many years, and Secretary of State for some
time; a man who understood perhaps the com-
mercial relations of this Government as well as
any other man of his day—he bears testimony to
the importance of the information which was col-
lected and furnished by Mr. Palmer to the Gov-
ernment.
Now, the honorable Senator from North Caro-
lina says this was all voluntary on the part of
Mr. Palmer. Admit it for the sake of the argu-
ment; does it follow, because he collected a large
amount of valuable information, and tendered it to
the use of the Government, that he is not to be
paid for it, if that information is valuable to the
Government? Any man who makes an invention
of a machine or anything of tlmt sort, does it vol-
untarily; but he comes to the Government and
asks for compensation. He does not get compen-
sation, to be sure, in the shape of money paid by
the Government, but he gets compensation under
the law which gives to him a patent right for
many years. He obtains the patent right, and is
thereby remunerated for his invention; but he
comes voluntarily before the Government to pre-
sent his invention, and to enlighten the country
in regard to it. It is not because a man volunta-
rily presents information of this sort to the Gov-
ernment that he is to be deprived of uny compen-
sation for it. If you were to act oil that principle,
you would never give a patent to an inventor, be-
cause he voluntarily comes to you for the purpose
of enlightening and adding to the encouragement
of commerce or manufactures.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I should like to ask for
information, for I want to understand the case.
Has Mr. Palmer been deprived in any way,, by
our action, of a copy right to his book, if he chose
to publish it?
Mr. IVERSON. I will speak of that point in
a few minutes, and show the Senator the history
of the case. I think that, although the informa-
tion may have been,in the first place, voluntarily
communicated by Mr. Palmer to various Presi-
dents and Secretaries of State, yet still, if it be an
admitted fact that the information has been of
service to the Government, 111 a spirit of liber-
ality, as well as justice, we ought to compensate
him.
But, sir, Ml. Palmer was actually employed by
the Government. All his services were not of a
voluntary character. It has been stated by the Sen-
ator from Vermont—and it is true, and I will show
the resolutions of the Senate under which he was
employed—that Mr. Palmer was here at the in-
stance of the Secretary of State, superintending
the printing of a document which was ordered by
the Senate to be printed. The Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Bracg] says that he was here a
longer time than was necessary. I do not know
how that was. It may or may not have been so.
At any rate, the fact is established that he was
here at the request and instance of the Secretary
of State, superintending the printing of documents
containing information which the Secretary of
State and the Administration thought to be of vast
importance to the Government; and being here
employed at the request of the Secretary, it jvas
no fault, probably, of his that he was detained
here eight or nine months. He states the fact that
he was detained here, at his own expense, to su-
perintend the printing of the report alluded to;
and certainly, if lie was detained here at the re-
quest of the Government, if he was brought here
and kept here at their request to superintend the
printing of an important document, it appears to
me that he ought to be remunerated for those ser-
vices for the time thus spent.
Mr. FOOT. duite a large outline map of those
countries was also prepared by him during that
time.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to ask whether there
is any evidence of his being kept here to superin-
tend the printing of a document at the request of
the Government, except his own statement?
Mr. BRAGG. There is nothing but his own
statement as to the time he was here.
Mr. IVERSON. I am not very familiar with
the facts; but my impression is that he was re-
quested to stay here .by the Secretary of State.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not see it so stated in the
report.
Mr. FOOT. It will be observed in the report
that Mr. Clayton himself stated, on presenting
Mr. Palmer's memorial, that he remained herein
the employment and service of the Government,
at the request of three Secretaries. It was well un-
derstood that Mr. Clayton himself was one of
those three. In 1 elation to his invitation to come
from New York to Washington to promote the
action of the Government, in reference to the sub-
jects contained in the documents which he had
communicated to them, I have before me a cer-
tificate from Mr. Walker himself, testifying the
fact that Mr. Palmer did come here from New
York at his invitation.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator from Ver-
mont will observe, if he will read the statement
of Mr. Clayton critically, that he does not state
that he knew, of his own knowledge, that Mr.
Palmer was here 011 this business, or that his
action received the approbation of three Secretaries
of State; but ho merely says:
" I present the petition of Aaron Ilaight Palmer, praying
compensation"—
That is, the petition prays for
" Compensation for services rendered by him, in commu-
nication, and by and under tiie direction, and with the ap-
probation, of three Secretaries of State.''
That is to say, Mr. Palmer alleges in his peti-
tion, which Mr. Clayton presented, that he had
performed this duty under the direction and with
the approbation of three Secretaries of State; but
I do not understand that Mr. Clayton says he had
done this.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. Clayton was one of the three
Secretaries referred to; clearly known to be so to
each and every member of the Senate; and, if if
had not been true, Mr. Clayton would probably
have denied it.
Mr. IVERSON. I leave that question to be
replied to by those members of the committee who
sit on the other side, who are more familiar with
the facts of the case than I am; but now I want
to refer to the history of the proposition to print
Mr. Palmer's document, which the Senator from
North Carolina has characterized, in the language
of Mr. Benton, as " the"battle of the books." The
Senator is misled in relation to some of the points
winch he has stated. On the 16th day of Janu-
ary, 1850, I find by the Journal:
tk Mr. IUm i.in submitted tlie'following resolutions for con-
sideration :
" Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested to
communicate to the Senate such information or particulars
as may have come to his knowledge respecting the deten-
tion, imprisonment, and barbarous treatment, by the J apan-
ese iinpeiial and provincial authorities, of American sea-
men who have the misfortune to be shipwrecked on the
coasts of Japan and its dependencies, which are now fre-
quented by a large American whaling fleet in the peaceful
pursuit of their lawful enterprise.
" Resolved, That the Secretary of State be also requested
to eommunicatc to the Senate such recent and reliable in-
formation in the possession of the Department of State as
relate-* to the independent oriental nations, and tiieir capa-
bilities for a profitable American commerce ; and that he
report 011 tlie expediency of the appointment of a special dip-
lomatic agent, or commissioner of the United State.-., to be
vested with authontyto open amicable relations and make
commercial treaties witli the sovereigns of those nations."
These resolutions were offered on the 16th of
January, 1850, and laid 011 the table. The sec-
ond resolution calls upon the Secretary of State
to communicate to the Senate all valuable recent
information which he might have in relation to
the oriental nations which would have a bearing
on the future commerce of the United States with
those countries. It may be that it had reference
to the statements or documents or memoirs which
had been drawn up by Mr. Palmer, at the request
of the former Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Walker, and then in the Department of State.
Mr. BRAGG. Allow me one word, just there.
Mr. Clayton says, in his report, that that me-,
moir, containing eight hundred pages, as it ap-
pears, was a resume merely of various papers
which this Mr. Palmer had submitted to the De-
partment from time to time; in other words, it was
his book which he wanted to publish in 1845, and
of which a prospectus is given here. He says he
was preparing them for about three months—
from some time in January up to some time in
April—after that resolution passed. Everybody
knows that Mr. Palmer could not have written a
book of that kind in that time. It was the book
written in 1845, and which he wanted to have
published when he was before the Senate before,
with the memoir addressed to Mr, Polk. It is
the same book; and that resolution was so framed
as to bring in the book, and it came in with the
report of the Secretary of State; and then it was
that there was a proposition here to have the
book printed. It had been before Congress dur-
ing Mr. Walker's secretaryship, and there was
a proposition to appropriate $10,000 to publish
the book. It has been here in various ways. I
did not state them all.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator's statement does
not differ from my own. All this information,
all this documentary evidence in relation to the
trade of the oriental nations, all that had been filed
by Mr. Palmer in the State and Treasury Depart-
ments for several years previous was called for
It may have been made up of detachcd particles.
This resolution calls on the Secretary of State to
report to the Senate all the "recent and reliable
information in possession of the Department of
State, with respect to the independent oriental na-
tions, and their capabilities for a profitable Amer-
ican commerce." On the 21st day of February,
of the same year,
"The Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions sub-
mitted by Mr. Hamlin, relating to the conduct of the au-
thorities uf Jap.111; which were amended and agreed to, as
follows:
" Resolved, That the Secretary ot State be requested to
communicate to the Senate such information or particulars
as may have come to his knowledge, respecting the deten-
tion, imprisonment, and barbarous treatment by the Ja-
panese imperial and provincial authorities, of American
seamen who have tlie misfortune to be shipwrecked on the
coasts of Japan and its dependencies, whieh aie now fre-
quented by a large American whaling fleet, in the peaceful
pursuit of their lawful enterprise.
" Resolved, That the Secietaiy of State beals-o requested
to communicate to the Senate sueh recent and reliable in-
formation, in the possession of the Department of State, as
relates to the Independent oriental nations, and their capa ■
bilities for a profitable American commerce."
The resolution passed the Senate on the 21st of
February, calling on the Secretary of State to
communicate all this Information. It was com-
municated; and, on the 13th day of June, there-
after, a resolution was submitted in these words:
Resolved, That Mr. Palmer have leave to withdraw,
take out a copyright for, and print on his own account,
tho documents entitled ' A Comprehensive View of the
Pnneipai Independent Maritime Countries of tlie Eabt,>
which accompanied the repoit of the Secretary of Stale to
the Senate, under date of the 23rl of April last, and retired
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and that the Sec-
retary of the Senate be, and he is hereby, authorized to sub-
scribe for -—~ copies of the work under the above title, for
the use of the Senate: Provided, The same shall be deliv-
ered by Mr. Palmer at a price not exceeding, per copy, the
rate for priming, lithographing, and binding public docu-
ments for tho Senate, in 1819, with twenty per cent- dis-
count."
This report had been submitted in April by Mr.
Clayton; and it is stated amongst the papers, and
I think conclusively proved, that Mr. Palmer was
employed by Mr. Clayton to prepare this book or
report to go to the Senate, in accordancc with the
resolution of February 21, 1850, calling for all
recent reliable information which he had in his
Department in relation to the oriental nations.
That statement was made, comprising eight hun-
dred pages. It took Mr. Palmer, it seems, three
or fourmonths—from February,at any rate,until
April—to prepare the report which was sent in by
Mr. Clayton. Then in June a resolution wnsin-
troduced, doubtless at the instance of Mr. Palmer,
to authorize him to withdraw this report and to
print it at his own expense, and that the Secretary
of the Senate should be authorized to subscribe
for a number "of copies, provided Mr. Palmer
should furnish them at a certain price. What was
done with that resolution? It certainly would
seem that Mr. Palmer ought to have been permit-
ted to print this work at his own expense. The
resolution was to authorize him to withdraw the
report, and to withdraw the documents he had
prepared and sent in with Mr. Clayton's report,
and to print them at his own expense; butitalso
authorized the Secretary to subscribe for a num-
