APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 19,
36th Cong.... 1st
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
terest, due to these last-mentioned contractors, as
well as to make the necessary appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
current fiscal year.
The failure to pass the Post Office bill necessa-
rily gives birth to serious reflections. Congress,
by refusing to pass the general appropriation bills
necessary to carry on the Government, may not
only arrest its action, but might even destroy its
existence. The Army, the Navy, the Judiciary,
in short, every department of the Government,
can no longer perform their functions if Congress
refuse the money necessary for their support. If
this failure should teach the country the necessity
ef electing a full Congress, in sufficient time to
enable the President to convene them in any emer-
gency, even immediately after the old Congress
has expired, it will have been productive of great
good. In a time of sudden and alarming danger,
foreign or domestic, which all nations must ex-
pect to encounter in their progress, the very sal-
vation of our institutions may be staked upon the
assembling of Congress 'without delay. If, under
such circumstances, the President should find
himself in the condition in which he was placed
at the close of the last Congress, with nearly half
the States of the Union destitute of Representa-
tives, the consequences might be disastrous. I,
therefore, recommend to Congress to carry into
effect the provisions of the Constitution, oil this
subject, and to pass a law appointing some day,
previous to the 4th March ill each year of odd num-
ber, for the election of Representatives through-
out all the States. They have already appointed
a day for the election of electors for President and
Vice. President, and this measure has been ap-
proved by the country.
I Would again express a most decided opinion
in favor of the construction of a Pacific railroad,
for the reasons stated in my last two annual mes-
sages. When I reflect upon what would lie the
defenseless condition of our States and Territo-
ries west of the Rocky Mountains in case of a war
with a naval Power sufficiently strong to inter-
rupt all intercourse witli them by the routes across
the Isthmus, I am still more convinced than ever of
the vast importance of this railroad. I have never
doubted the constitutional competency of Con-
gress to provide for its construction, but this ex-
clusively under die war-making power. Resides,
the Constitution expressly requires, as an imper-
ative duty, that " the United States shall protect
each of them [the States] against invasion. I am
at a loss to conceive how this protection can be
afforded to California and Oregon against such a
naval Power by any other means. I repeat the
opinion contained in my last annual message, that
it would be inexpedient for the Government to
undertake this great work by agents of its own
appointment and under its direct and exclusive
control. This would increase the patronage of
the Executive to a dangerous extent, and would
foster a system of jobbing and corruption which
110 vigilance; on the part of Federal officials could
prevent. The construction of this road ought,
therefore, to be intrusted to incorporated com-
panies, or other agencies,, who would exercise
that active and vigilant supervision over it which
can be inspired alone by a sense of corporate and
individual interest. I venture to assert, that the
additional cost of transporting troops, munitions
, «f war, and necessary supplies for the Army across
the vast intervening plains to our possessions on
the Pacific coast, would be greater in such a war
than the whole amount required to construct the
road. And yet this resort would, after all, be
inadequate for their defense and protection.
Weha\e yet scarcely recovered from the habits
of cxtravagantexpenditure. produced by our over-
flowing Treasury, during several years prior to
the commencement of my administration. The
financial reverses which we have since experi-
enced ought to teach us all to scrutinize our ex-
penditures with the greatest vigilance, and to re-
duce them to the lowest possible point. The
Executive Departments of the Government have
devoted themselves to the accomplishment of this
object with considerable success, as will appear
from their different reports and estimates. To
these I invite the scrutiny of Congress, for the
purpose of reducing them still lower, if this be
practicable, consistent with the great public inter-
ests of the country. In aid of the policy of re-
trenchment, I pledge myself to examine closely
the bills appropriating lands or money, so that
if any of these should inadvertently pass both
Houses, as must sometimes be the case, I may
afford them an opportunity for reconsideration.
At the same time, we ought never to forget that
true public economy consists, not in withholding
the means necessary to accomplish important na-
tional objects confided to us by the Constitution,
but in taking care that the money appropriated
for these purposes shall be faithfully and frugally
expended.
It will appear, from the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, that it is extremely doubtful, to
say the least, whether we shall be able to pass
through the present and the next fiscal year with-
out providing additional revenue. This can only
be accomplished by strictly confining the appro-
priations within the estimates of the different De-
partments, without making an allowance for any
additional expenditures which Congress may
think proper, in their discretion, to"kuthorize, and
without providing for the redemption of any por-
tion of the $20,000,000 of Treasury notes which
have been already issued. In the event of a de-
ficiency, which 1 consider probable, this ought
never to be supplied by a resort to additional loans.
It would be a ruinous practice in the days of peace
and prosperity, to go on increasing the national
debt to meet the ordinary expenses of the Gov-
ernment. This policy would cripple our resources
and impair oui crcdit, in case the existence of war
should render it nccessary to borrow money.
Should such a deficiency occur as I apprehend,
I would recommend that the necessary revenue
be raised by an increase of our present duties on
imports. I need not repeat the opinions expressed
in my last annual message, as to the best mode
and manner of accomplishing this object, and shall
now merely observe that these have since under-
gone no change.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
will explain in detail the operations of that De-
partment of the Government.
The receipts into the Treasury from all sources
during the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1859, in-
cluding the loan authorized by the act of 14tli
June, 1858, and the issues of Treasury notes au-
thorized by existing laws, were eighty-one mil-
lion six hundred and ninety-two thousand four
hundred and seventy-one dollars and one cent,
($81,692,471 01,) which sum with the balance of
six million three hundred and ninety-eight thou-
sand three hundred and sixteen dollars and ten
cents (|ti,398,316 10) remaining in the Treasury
at the commencement of that fiscal year, made an
aggregate, for the service of the year, of eighty-
eight million ninety thousand seven hundred
and eighty-seven dollars and eleven cents,
(§88,090,787 II.)
The public, expenditures during the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1859, amounted to eighty-three
million seven hundred and fifty-one thousand
five hundred and eleven dollars and fifty-seven
cents, ($83,751,511 57.) Of this sum, seventeen
million four hundred and five thousand two hun-
dred and eighty-five dollars and forty-four cents
($17,405,285 44) were applied to the payment of
interest on the public debt and the redemption of
the issues of Treasury notes. The expenditures
for all other branches of the public ser\ice during
that fiscal year were, therefore, sixty-six million
three hundred and forty-six thousand two hun-
dred and twenty-six dollars and thirteen cents,
(466,340,226 13.)
The balance remaining in the Treasury on the 1st
July, 1859, being the commencement of the pres-
ent fiscal year, was four million three hundred and
thirty-nine thousand two hundred and seventy-
five dollars and fifty-four cents, (§4,339,275 54.)
The receipts into the Treasury during the first
quarter of the present fiscal year, commencing
July I, 1859, were twenty million six' hundred
and eighteen thousand eight hundred and sixty-
five dollars and eighty-five cents (§20,618,865 85.)
Of this amount three million eight hundred
and twenty-one thousand three hundred dollars
(■$3,821,300) was received on account of the loan
and the issue of Treasury notes—the amount of
sixteen million seven hundred and ninety-seven
thousand five hundred and sixty-five dollars and
eighty-five cents ($16,797,565 85) having been re-
received during the quarter from the ordinary
sources of public revenue. The estimated receipts
for the remaining three quarters of the present
fiscal year to 30th June, 1860, are fifty million
four hundred and twenty-six thousand four hun-
dred dollars, ($50,426,400.) Of this amount it is
estimated that five million seven hundred and fifty-
six thousand four hundred dollars ($5,756,400)
will be reccivcfl for Treasury notes which may
be reissued under the fifth section of the act of
3d March last, and one million one hundred and
seventy thousand dollars ($1,170,000) on account
of the loan authorized by the act of June 14,
1858—making six million lime hundred and
twenty-six thousand four hundred dollars
($6,926,400) from these extraordinary sources,
and forty-three million five hundred thousand dol-
lars ($43,500,000) from the ordinary sourccs of
the public, revenue—making an aggregate, with
the balance in the Treasury on the 1st July, 1859,
of seventy-five million three hundred and eighty-
four thousand five hundred and forty-one dollars
and eighty-nine cents (§75,384,541 89) for the
estimated means of the present fiscal year ending
30th June, 1860.
The expenditures during the first quarter of the
present fiscal year were twenty million seven thou-
sand one hundred and seventy-four dollars and
seventy-six cents, ($20,007,174 76.) Four mil-
lion six hundred and sixty-four thousand three
hundred and sixty-six dollars and seventy-six
cents ($4,664,366 76) of this sum were applied
to the payment of interest on the public debt and
the redemption of the issues of Treasury notes,
and the remainder, being fifteen million three hun-
hundred and forty-two thousand eight hundred
and eight dollars, ($15,342,808,) were applied to
ordinary expenditures during the quarter. The
estimated expenditures during the remaining three
quarters, to June, 30, 1860, are forty million nine
hundred and ninety-five thousand five hundred
and fifty-eight dollars and twenty-three cents,
($40,995,558 23.) Of which sum two million
eight hundred and eighty-six thousand six hun-
dred and twenty-one dollars and thirty-four cents
($2,886,621 34) are estimated for the interest on
the public debt. The ascertained and estimated
expenditures for the fiscal year ending 30th Junfc,
I860, on account of the public, debt, are, accord-
ingly, seven million five hundred and fifty thou-
sand nine hundred and eighty-eight dollars and
ten cents, ($7,550,988 10;) and for the ordinary
expenditures of the Government fifty-three mil-
lion four hundred and fifty-one thousand seven
hundred and forty-four dollars and eighty-nine
cents, ($53,451,744 89,) making an aggregate of
sixty-one million two thousand seven hundred
and thirty-two dollars and ninety-nine cents,
($61,002,732 99;) leaving an estimated balance in
the Treasury on the 30th June, 1860, of fourteen
million three hundred and eighty-one thousand
eight hundred and eight dollars and forty cents,
($14,381,808 40.)
The estimated receipts during the next fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1861, are sixty-six million
two hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars,
($66,225,000,) which, with the balance estimated,
as before stated, as remaining in the Treasury on
the 30th June, 1860, will make an aggregate for
the service of the next fiscal year of eighty mil-
lion six hundred and six thousand eight hundred
and eight dollars and forty cents ($80,606,808 40.)
The estimated expenditures during the next
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1861, are sixty-six
million seven hundred and fourteen thousand nine
hundred and twenty-eight dollars and seveuly-
ninecents,($66,714,928 79.) Ofthisamount,three
million three hundred and eighty-six thousand
six hundred and twenty-one dollars and thirty-
four cents ($3,386,621 34) will be required to pay
the interest on the public debt; leaving the sum
of sixty-three million three, hundred and twenty-
eight thousand three hundred and seven dollars
and forty-five cents ($63,328,307 45) for the esti-
mated ordinary expenditures during the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1861. Upon these estimates a
balance will be left in the Treasury on the 30th
June, 1861, of thirteen million eight hundred and
