1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were probably limited to that amount, but not by-
law They were not limited in the discretion as
to the amount of scrvice they would put in oper-
ation; but it will be found, by reference to the
reports of successive Postmasters General, tha,t
they were striving to keep within that, atid that
they were resting themselves upon the principle,
as a proper principle, that the Department should
sustain itself.
Mr.COLLAMER. I understood that it was con-
fined to the appropriations, and we could get.noth-
ing but that appropriated. We.couM get nothing
- at all except the postal money.
Mr. YULEE. Exactly; Jo get nothing but the
postal money, and to co,me to Congress for any-
thing beyond that; but there was no limitation
by law, or any express direction by the Depart-
ment, to limit themselves to the receipts. It was
only a policy of the Department. However, that
is not material.
Mr. President, I think it is enough to show that
the extraordinary increase within the last ten
years, and the yet more extraordinary increase
within the last two years, called for some reform.
It was the unanimous voice of Congress, at the
last session, that reform was necessary in the De-
partment; but as soon a,s the Department lays its
hands on the expenditures, and attempts to arrest
the stream, and for the first time succeeds in turn-
ing the tide of growing expenditure, the attempt
is made to set back all that reform; and to do it
under circumstances that carry with it go strong
a censure upon the action of the Department, that
no Postmaster General will ever venture again
upon any effort to reduce expenditures which will
involve him m the maledictions of the contractors
and their agents. If Congress does not sustain
the action of the Department now, we must bid
faiewell for the future to any attempt at reform
by the administration in the Department, and
must look altogether to legislation for the arrest
and reduction of expenditures in that branch of
the Government. I think it has been found, and
will yet be found, that it is impossible to make
any effective reform in the expenditures of any
branch of the Government by legislation alone.
Now, sir, placing at the disposition of Senators
the table which exhibits the reductions in the va-
rious States, I pass, for a moment only, to that
clause of the provision from the House which is
objected to by my colleague, and the gentleman
from South Carolina. I allude to that clause of
it which provides expressly for a contract with
the steamship Isabel—notwith the ownersof the
Isabel, but with the steamship Isabel, which may
go down in the sea to-morrow, and stop the route;
for the scrvice is only to be by her. I support the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance. It is similar m its terms to the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Itoaus at the last session, and which
was adopted by the Senate, with the concurrence
of the Senator from South Carolina, and by lus
vote. It is nearly in the same words; and the
circumstances in the case are these: in 1847, when
the colonization of Oregon was becoming a mat-
ter of desire, it was moved by myself, I think,
that a route be established from Charleston by
the way of St. Augustine and Key West and Ha-
vana, to Chagres and Oregon, the object being to
communicate" with the colony, then young and
growing, and the growth of which was a matter
of political importance to the Government. Ad-
vertisement was made for that scrvice. No bid
was made within the sum required. A proposi-
tion was made from Charleston, by the owners
of the Isabel, for a service under the art of 1843,
for four years, between Charleston and Havana,
touclungat Key West; and Mr. Johnson, the then
Postmaster General, accepted that, subject to the
approbation of Congress, lor the period of four
years, and upon the ground, as he stated to Con-
gress, that it formed a part of the route to Oregon.
Congress authorized it to go into effect. There
was no requirement that it should be a war ves-
sel. The law of 1845. under which the contract
was given, only provided that the contractor
should sell to the Government whenever they re-
quired their vessel, and that was all. The prop-
osition that it should be a war vessel was made
by the contractor when he made his offer. It was
his own proposition that he would do the scrvice
lor four yeais, and build such a vessel. When
that was about cxpiiing, Congress, as I said be-
fore, as a matter of compromise with the Sloo
contractors, agreed to keep this service in oper-
ation while the Sloo contract existed. It was,
thereupon continued; and upon successive adver-
tisements offered to the lowest bidder, from thne
to time, do\yn tp the expiration of the S)oo con-
tract, when all authority to .continue it in service
ceased by the express enactment of .Congress;
and that will be found in the acts of 1851.
No Wj.then, was it right in the Postmaster-gen-
eral to adopt the course he did ? Mr. Bsown, his
predecessor, callcd the attention of Congress to.the
fact that the contract was about to expire,and rec-
ommended that it should be continued as a coast-
wise service; butatthesametimc expressly recom-
mended that it should be let to the lowest bidder,
and the provision which wa,s reported from the
committee was drawn up at the Department.
No\y, what was the action of Congress, and was
that action an indication and direction to the De-
partment? The Senate adopted the provision au-
thorizing the continuance of that service, under
contract, to the lowest bidder, and when it wept
to the House it was put upon a vote and was de-
feated. Here, after having been reported by the
committee, it w$s advocated by tlfe Senator from
South Carolina, who was satisfied with it at that
time; and 1 have here whatoccurred in the House.
It is very short, and therefore I will read it, and
it is a proper part of the record to go with the case,
because it indicated to the Postmaster General the
will of Congress upon the subject, that this route
should not be separated from the'general system
that had been adopted that based the service upon
the postages. The amendment came up for con-
sideration in the House, and the following pro-
ceedings took place:
"Mr. Clark, of 3Vew Voile. I would inquire whether
tlic money is payable in postages, or m cash ?
"Mr. Piiem's, of Missouri. The amendment of the Sen-
ate propo«e« to change the existing law.
"Mi. Claric, of Now York. It icpeals the act of lant
session a^ to this route, and leaves it in foiec as to northern
routes. Is that it?
uMr. Piiem's, of Missouri. It repeals it to the extent
mentioned heie. If the gentleman desires my opinion as
to tins amendment, I am leady to give it.
" Mr. Clark, of New York. There ought to be the same
law for the North and the South.
" Mr. piiei.rs, of Mis«ouri. 1 am Willing to give my opin-
ion of it. 1 &hould recommend the House to reject the
amendment.
'• Mr. Miles. It is very true, a* the gentleman from New
Yoik suggests, that this amendment does diseiimlnate in
favor of tins route; and t ric.>ire to make a very few re-
marks."
And he goes on to vindicate it, giving his rea-
sons for it.
' Mr. Piiri.rs, of Missouri. I would Mig<*i*st to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina that dw/usMon is not in order,
as th^ ptcviou- (juration has been oidered.
" Alt Mir.rs. YVr>||, I will t-ny nothing more.
u Mr. Clark, of New Voik. i desire to say that I am
not opposed to this ioute, but I want the New York routes
to stand upon the same looting."'
The amendment was not concurred in. There,
then, the House—the matter being brought dis-
tinctly to thcirnotice—had refused to discriminate
this route from all others. Mr. Brown, the then
Postmaster General, advertised for the scrvice lim-
ited to two years and to the postages, and the
present Postmaster General was called upon to
open those bids. There was no bid within the re-
quirement of the law, and therefore he could not
put it in operation. It was afterwards proposed
to him that he should discriminate, and treat it
as a coastwise service. There is no such service
known technically m the Deparlment -as coast-
wise service; buthe could notdiSLriminate. Why?
He could not without partiality, if the law had
permitted him. Now York had five steamers a
month to Havana for postages; New Orleans had
eight trips a month for postages. He could not
separate the case of Charleston from New York
and New Orleans, and give other than the postages
to the steamers from those cities, when he gave
only the postages to the others. But, then, it was
said to be a domestic route. The answer to that
was, that it had not been established as a route
by Congress. The Constitution vests in Con-
gress, and in Congress only, the power to estab-
lish post routes. The route between Charleston
and Key West had never been established as a
post route; and therefore it was not in the power
of the Department to treat it as a domestic route.
It was impossible it could avoid coming to Con-
gress; but it has got here, and I am in favor of
the amendment as it stands. It is the same which
we recommended at the last session,, and-the
same which, upon my motion, was adopted by
the Senate. Why should we discriminate .in
favor of this particular vessel? it hajs received
during .the twelve years ?orae six or s,even hun-
dred thousand dollars,and the return hagbeen.less
than ope hundred thousand dollars, Itias netted,
as the Senator from Maryland.has faid,j§ome fiy.e
or $ix hundred thousand dollars,, and surely thai
is cnoygh to give to one individual. Suppose she
was fitted for other than a Tnerquatile vessel. I
am very sure the owners of the vessel would be
ycry .sorry to have it considered that she is not in
a condition suitable for mercantile purposes; for
that would destroy her commercial value, destroy
it by th.eir own declaration that she was unfit for
commercial purposes. Why should, that be an
argument? under the contract with Collins, and
under the contract with Sloo, the express pro-
vision was made—and it ?yas made through the
Navy Department—that the vessels should be war
vessels; but when their contracts expired, they
did not pretend to claim on that ground; and itu?
perfectly well known that the idea of these"mail
steamers being suited to wax purposes js a per-
fect farce. She cannot be more so than the Adri-
atic. They may be suitable for transport vessels;
but certainly not for guns. The objections which
I make to it, and the reason I prefer the amend-
ment of the Committee <?# Finance, is one which
does not apply to thi$ jine. U is because any
other course would l^e th.e revival of that mon-
strous and odious and dangerous lobby system
here which had culminated to such a degree that
it became the unanimous sense of Congress thajt
they jvould forever afterwards stop legislative
grants, and stop all inducements to the quest of
legislative grants by not only refusing to make
grants to individuals, but refusing to specify the
amount for service upon the water. They stood
upon the rule that whatever service the Depart-
ment thought advisable to bo put in operation,
should be oifercd to the lowest bjdder; that thus
no individual should have inducement or invita-
tion to come here to create a lobby influence for
the purpose of inducing from Congress special
grants, amounting to a special privilege, a special
contribution from the Treasury to individuals. *It
is for that reason, and because any other course
than that recommended by the Committee on Fi-
nance will be the revival of the system which had
received the unanimous stamp of reprobation by
all parties m Congress three or four years ago,
that I favor the amendment.
Mr. President, I trust that the whole clause as
itcomes from the House will be stricken out, and
the question proposed by the Finance Committee
will occur afterwards.
Mr. GREEN. Before tho Senator takes his
seat, I should like to know one item. I desire to
understand what is the amount of reduction in
Florida.
Mr. YULEE. The Postmaster General has
stated that in those States in which the Jettings
were to take place for service to commence on ttie
1st of July, 1859, the reductions were made in
making up the advertised scrvice, and in the let-
tings.
Mr. GREEN. How much was the reduction ?
Mr. YULEE. The reduction in Florida?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. You have the ability to see here
in the table which 1 have before me. The whole
scrvice in Florida is very little, and has been very
little, as this table will show. There, and in Vir-
ginia and South Carolina and Georgia, the reduc-
tion is very little, for the reason that is stated m
the report of the Postmaster General.
Mr. GREEN. I asked a simple question.
Mr. YULEE. Very well, sir, you shall hear
it. In the whole State of Florida the total ser-
vice 
Mr. GREEN. The reduction is what I asked
for.
Mr. YULEE. You will hear. The whole cost
of scrvice in Florida is $157,000, and $60,000 of
that is for a service from New Orleans to Key
West, making for the whole State less than one
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. GREEN Is that the reduction > „
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; there is rio reduction.
Mr. GREEN. Was there no reduction there ?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; on the conmuv, you
will find that there was a smdfl increase, simply
