1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from the Helper book read at the Clerk's table.
That is the point of the thing; and I think that
this House, after five weeks of excited and in-
flammatory discussion,should be anxious to com*
up and take a vote on the matter. My sugges-
tion is this: the gentleman from Missouri says
that he will not withdraw his resolution under any
circumstances; I take it for granted that when his
resolution comes before the House it will be in
order to move the substitute to which I have re-
ferred or a proposition of the same character, and
that the House will then be brought to a vote on
the subject. Why not vote now and save the de-
lay and the irritating speeches which will con-
tinue to be hung on it. I learn that the gentlemen
who have made the points of order which overlie
the resolution of the gentleman from Missouri
are willing to waive their precedence and allow
an) mcmberof the conference committee,to which
allusion is made, to submit their substitute to this
House. It is tiic most expeditious way of reach-
ing the matter and settling it.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Do I understand
that the substitute has been prepared by the con-
ference committee ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I so understand.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I hope, then, that
my collcaguc will permit it to be read.
Air. CLARK, of Missouri. I will have noth-
ing to do with it.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Let it be read for
information.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have not heard the re-
marks of the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I will repeat
them for'my friend from North Carolina. I said
that I thought the organization of the House was
impeded by the difficulty of getting at the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri about the
Helper hook. 1 suggested that the New York
Herald had stated that a substitute was agreed
upon by a conference committee.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Allow mo n word
right there. The gentleman from Maryland says
he understands that the New York Herald pub-
lishes a substitute that has been agreed on. I
merely want to express my astonishment here in
my place, that the New York Herald should be
better informed about the action of the House in
reference to the proposition I have offeied than
myself. [Laughter.] I want to express my aston-
ishment and my regret that any friends who have
cooperated with me have taken the liberty to say
that they think more of the correspondence of the
New York Herald bearing on this important sub-
ject, than they did of me. I have had no hand in
that proposition; I never saw or read it except
through the Herald. I had no information of it;
I will not say that I have a contempt for it; but 1
will say I know nothing about it, care little about
it, and I scorn it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have nothing
to say as to the opinions the gentleman from
Missouri entertains in that connection. I know .
nothing about the way in which the Now York
Herald informs itself of such matters; but I re-
ferred to it simply because a discussion had just
sprung up upon the subject of the resolution, and
because 1 thought it a good chance to ask the in-
troduction of the substitute.
I will now finish the statement I was making to
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Wins-
i.ow.] A debate sprung up this morning upon
the resolution of the gentleman from Missouri,
about the Helper book, and I suggested that if we
could get a vote on the subject-matter of that res-
olution, v/e should remove out of the way a point
of difficulty to the organization. 1 stated that I
had seen the substance of that resolution m the
New York Herald, ana it seemed to me to con-
tain the substance of the whole matter. I have
now been furnished, I suppose by oi2C of the mem-
bers of that committee, with a draft of the reso-
tion.
Mr. NOELL. How was that committee con-
stituted ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. My friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] can befc'ter inform
you.
Mr. WINSLOW. I will explain the whole
matter.
A Voice. Where did that paper come from?
Mr. WINSLOW. I do not know where that
papar camp from.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. It was sent to
me by a member of the committee, I presume.
Mr. WINSLOW. Does not the gentleman rec-
ollect who handed it to him?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 did not notice
who handed it to me. I was speaking at the mo-
ment.
Mr. GILMER. That is the original draft. I
this moment received it from the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Clark,] and handed it over
to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,]
and I think my friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Winslow] ought to have known where that
paper was, and where it must have come from.
Mr. WINSLOW. I was just as much at a
loss to know where it came from, as I was as
to where the New York Herald got its informa-
tion.
Mr. GILMER. I have not seen the paper from
the time the gentlemen agreed upon it until now;
but with the permission of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr Harris,] I will state the circum-
stances under which that paper was agreed to.
This gathering of friends was iiota matter sought
by me; but I was advised that friends representing
the different political sentiments in this Congress,
(leavingouttheRepublican party,) were requested
to confer together. We met—not all whose names
were suggested, but nearly all—I believe, ten m
number. Our meeting together was certainly for
good, for quiet, and for peace. After consulting
together, we came to the conclusion, among;*other
things, that, as a substitute for the resolution be-
fore the House «nd the various points of order,
we would endeavor to prevail upon our friends
upon all sides to withdraw their various points of
order, and the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Winslow] was to present to the House,
with the consent, if possible, of the gentleman
from Missouri, tins resolution which we then
agreed upon as a substitute for the resolution of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark;] and I beg
leave to say that this was not to be binding upon
anybody nr all—binding upon no party, but a
mere suggestion to be presented to the House, to
their reason and good sense.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. WINSLO W. If the gentleman from Ma-
ryland will allow me, I will say a few words upon
this subject.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I will say just
here that I am utterly ignorant of the details of
this matter.
Mr. GILMER. I am not yet through; and
as I am upon the floor by the indulgence of the
gentleman from Maryland, I will continue a few
moments more. I will state very briefly all I do-
sire to state. Those gentlemen were unanimously
of opinion that the resolution which was agreed
to be presented, under the circumstances which
I have stated, would put an end to this discus-
sion, and would embrace all that any conserva-
tive man, whether from the East, West, North,
or South, would desire to have said upon that
subject. I was of that opinion then ; I am of that
opinion now; and I believe if our friends who i
have made those points of order will withdraw I
them, 1 think the House will readily put an end !
to this discussion, whether my friend from Mis- j
soun [Mr. Clark] agree to it or not; for I did not;
believe my friend from Missouri would withdraw !
las resolution, and he now says he will not. Hut ]
if everybody would icmani silent, I thought we 1
would force, kindly, upon my friend from Mis- '
souri the resolution agreed upon by that com-
mittee.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I wish to say a
word, with the permission of the gentleman from
North Carolina.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I prefer to keep
the control of the floor.
Mr. GILMER. I prefer to go on, with the ;
consent of my friend from Maryland. j
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I have the floor, J
I understand, by the consent of the gentleman i
froi£ North Carolina, and I beg my friend from j
Maryland to allow me a moment. j
The CLERK. Will the gentleman permit the j
Clerk to make a statement? j
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 want to say a few words, ;
but I seem to find greater difficulty in getting the j
floor than any other gentleman around ]
Mr. GILMER. I am upon the floor by the]
eourtesy of the gentleman fiom Maryland, and I 1
do not want that courtesy abided, I am $ot yflt
through.
Mr. CLARK, of Missquri. I beg gentlemen
to allow me to m^ke one remark in reference \q
this matter.
The CLERK. The gentleman will siispe&<|
until the Clerk 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
from North Carolina spoke of not expecting me
to withdraw my resolution. In that he is correct.
He says that all agreed upon the point that the
embarrassment which is thrown around the res-
olution might, perhaps, be done away if I should
withdrawn, and perhaps the House would make
me withdraw it kindly. I understand by that
that the substitute can bo voted in over my res-
olution. 4
I want to say once for all that I offered that res-?
olution in good faith. I have been acting here in
good faith. I have announced from the beginning*
and I announce again this morning, that I wilf
vote for any conservative national man outside
of the Republican party for Speaker, if wo can
effect any purpose by it. I represent a Democrat^
constituency. I adhere to the rules and regula-
tions of that party, and feel myself bound by
party laws and by party obligations, as far as, is
consistent with my duty. If it be the purpose of
this side of the House, in conjunction with other
gentlemen, to modify my resolution, thqy have
the power, as a matter of course; but they will
have to do it over my protest and over my dis-
cussion. I intend, if I have thqpower, to put down
any and all attempts to evade a square vote on my
resolution. It must be met fairly and squarqly by
my own party as well as by every other party of
the House.
Mr. GILMER. I want to say one word fur-
ther. The inquiry is made, how the resolution
came to be m the Herald. I state to my friend
that I do not know. I have never seen the reso-
lution since the hour of our separation. But 1
will say this: 1 have stated to several of my party
friends what we had determined to propose; and
it may be that some of our other friends did the
same thing; and in that way it was telegraphed
to the paper. 1 recollect seeing the statement in
the New York Herald, on Tuesday morning. The
resolution is there quoted, bi^t not precisely, ac-
cording to my memory. There is some difference.
We did agree upon it. It was the agreement and
understanding that my friend from North Carolina
[Mr. Winslow] was to present it as being the con-
curring sentiment and wish of all the ten gentlemen
present. He was to beg the gentlemen who have
submitted points of order to withdraw them, and
my friend from Missouri to withdraw his resolu-
tion, and to ask the House to take a vote on the
resolution agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, sought the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from North Carolina is undoubtedly entitled to
my courtesy.
Mr. GILMER. An allusion has been made, in
a manner which does great injustice to twenty-
four honorable members of this House, for which
there is no foundation and in which there is no
truth. It is but just to them that I should explain
that the substitute which I offered embodied the
sentiment of the party with which I act; and the
man who intimates that it was offered with the
design of covering anybody or any party, does
himself gross injustice and indulges m a delusion.
It was offered, nor, to cover any party o# individ-
ual, but because it recites many things which are
useful, and ought to be called to the attention of
Congress and the nation; and further, because
it covers every possible declaration, so far as the
Helper book is concerned, that is covered in the
resolution of the gentleman from Missouri. Just
as well might we^say that the reading of a chap-
ter of the Holy Scriptures was intended to operate
for evil or wrong, as to say that this resolution
by way of amendment was intended to cover the
sentiments or acts of any party or any man. How
was that substitute received ? Did it receive any
more favor at the hands of the Republicans than
the original resolution did? What was the first
motion made on the Republican side of the House ?
It was, as the Journal shows, to lay both the
original resolution and the substitute on the table.
And I believe that motion received from the lie-
fc«tf)Ucans a unanimous affirmative vote. But, sir,
I to find, when we came to compare
