1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1449
ber of copies. On the same day that the resolu-
tion which I last read was submitted,
•'The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution by
unanimous consent; and,
" Tiie blank having been tilled with ' fifteen hundred,'
and a further amendment being proposed,
"On motion of Mr. Clay,
" Ordered, That it iie on the table."
Thafwas the end of the whole proceeding.
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken; it was not the end of the proceeding at all.
It was not satisfactory to Mr. Palmer's friends
that the matter should take that direction; and it
was brought up at a subsequent day, as the Sen-
ator will find on further examination; and then there
was aproposition to authorize the Secretary to sub-
scribe for five thousand copies, at two dollars a
copy. Subsequently the amount was reduced to
three thousand copies. That failed; and the Sen-
ate made an order, as I have already stated, to re-
turn the book to the State Department. That was
the end of it. I know what I say.
Mr. IVERSON. I admit that a subsequent pro-
ceeding was had ; but the Senator does not dispute
the fact that this memoir prepared by Mr. Palmer
and given to the Government, and sent to this body
with the report of Mr. Clayton, never has been
given back to Mr. Palmer. It has been retained
by the Government from that day to this; he never
has been permitted to print itat his own expense,
or for his own benefit. That is the fact. Here
was a proposition made in 1850 to authorize him
to withdraw the paper and print it at his own ex-
pense; and when it was proposed to authorize the
Secretary of the Senate to subscribe for fifteen hun-
dred copies, the Senate refused to pass the reso-
lution; and it was laid on the table, on motion of
Mr. Clay.
Mr. BRAGG. I dislike to interrupt my friend,
but I hope he will allow me to ask him a ques-
tion. He states that Mr. Palmer has never had
an opportunity to print this book. I ask whether
Mr. Palmer has ever applied for it? In the de-
bate from which I read, his friends refused to
let him take the book. They considered it in
the possession of the Government, having been
communicated by the Secretary of State. They
were anxious to get it printed. He wanted to put
it upon Congress, and have the book published
at the public expense. Finally, to get rid of.it, a
resolution was passed to have it returned to the
State Department. 'Vow, 1' want to know if Mr.
Palmer has applied to the State Department for
the book, and whether it has been refused to
him ?
Mr. IVERSON. I again say that Mr. Palmer
applied by this resolution, in 1850, to have the
paper returned to him; and Congress refused to
return it. Here was a resolution offered, in ex-
press terms authorizing him to withdraw the paper
for his own benefit; and, on motion of Mr. Clay,
of Kentucky, the resolution was laid on the table;
and the Senate refused to permit him to withdraw
the paper. The paper then did not belong to Mr.
Palmer. The very moment he gave it to the Sec-
retary of State, it became the property of the Uni-
ted States; and when it was reported here by Mr.
Clayton, it became the property of the Govern-
ment; and he had then no more right to withdraw
it, or use it for his own benefit, than I had, or any
other man in the country; and I ask the Senator
to show me that Mr. Palmer has ever been per-
mitted by the Government to use this paper for
his own benefit.
When, at a subsequent day, a proposition was
made to authorize him to print it and to subscribe
for so many copies, the Senate refused to pass
the resolution authorizing him to print it and to
subscribe for copies; and instead of allowing Mr.
Palmer to withdraw the paper and to print it for
his own benefit, the Senate refused to do that,
and sent it back to the State Department to be
kept there by the Government. Whose property
is it? Will the Senator from North Carolina
declare that these papers now belong to Mr.
Palmer ? No, sir, they belong to theGovernment
of the United States; he can no more withdraw
them than the Senator from North Carolina can
withdraw them, and he never has been permitted
to avail himself of the benefit of the intellect and
trouble and labor which he has expended on the
work. The Government lias deprived him of the
use of it. It has refused to permit him to got
back the papers he prepared with so much labor,
and so much care—papers which have conferred
benefits on the country and have been considered
important by its most exalted officials.
Itappears to me that, under these circumstances,
as he was undoubtedly kept here at his own ex-
pense to work for the Government, giving to the
Government the benefit of his previous labors,
of his information, of his mind, and of his man-
ual labor, it is hard to say that the Government
should avail itself of the services, of the informa-
tion, and intellect of a citizen, conferring import-
ant benefits upon the country, and then turn him
loose and say we are not responsible to him for a
dollar. Sir, I think it is unjust and ungenerous,
and, for my own part, I shall vote for this bill to
pay him $3,000. We could not very well arrive
really at the correct amount, and we followed the
example of former committees, that reported in
favor of §.3,000. It is an arbitrary sum, I admit;
but, taking into consideration the fact that he was
here for many months—more than a year—and
leaving out of view the time, labor, and mental
power which he expended upon this work prioij
to the time he was kept here in Washington city
at the instance of the Government—he was here,
at least, employed for the benefit of the Govern-
ment, and I understand at the instance of the
Government, at least for a portion of the time, in
obedience to a resolution of the Senate—it seems
to me that he is justly entitled to some compen-
sation, and I cannot say that $3,000 is an unrea-
sonable amount.
Mr. CLAY. I have only a word to say on this
subject. The Senator from Georgia repeats what
was said by the Senator from "Vermont: that the
information given the Government by this claim-
ant was very valuable.
Mr. IVERSON. I did not express that opin-
ion myself. I say that I rely on the opinion ex-
pressed by Mr. Clayton and other distinguished
persons, with better information and a better
chance to judge than myself.
Mr. CLAYl Well, sir, I challenged both Sen-
ators, and I do it again, to show what advantage
his communications have been to this Govern-
ment. I deny that the Government has derived
the slightest profit from them, and 1 defy (hem to
show that the Government has enjoyed any ad-
vantage Yv'hatever. They talk about the com-
mercial advantages that have resulted, the profit-
able trade that has been opened with Japan; and
yet they cannot show wherein we have imported
anything from Japan. I have yet to learn that
any trade has been opened with Japan. One ves-
sel, I am told, came into Sail Francisco. What it
was freighted with, whether it promised to open
any profitable trade, no one can tell.
Now, sir, I have traced the history of this claim
somewhat since it has been under discussion, and
I find that, like a pauper wandering from parish
to parish for a settlement, Mr. Palmer has been
before four committees before he found one that
would recognize his claim. First, he was before
the Library Committee; they refused to print his
book or to print his memorial. Then it went to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and they
asked to be discharged from its consideration.
Then it was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce; they, in like manner, asked to be dis-
charged from its consideration. Lastly, it went
to the Committee on Claims, and they recommend
now, it seems, that we shall pay him §3,000; and
for what? All that we can get in response to
that question is, " for valuable information;" but
wherein valuable, or how valuable, no one is able
to explain. We have the ipse dixit of Mr. Clay-
ton that it is valuable, and that is the whole of it.
Now, sir, the Senator from North Carolina has
suggested reasons for the opinion which he lias
foimed, and which I think must be entertained by
a majority of the Senate, that all these calls upon
this gentleman for information weie at his own
instance and request. He suggested the various
resolutions calling for information. He came
here, apparently called by Mr. Walker at one
time, but doubtless it was at his ow'hi suggestion.
He has been here, I believe, almost ever since._ I
am sure I have seen him, and heard from him
during the last seven winters I have been at tins
Capitol.
Mr. IVERSON. He lives here.
Mr. CLAY. I am told he now lives here. I
dare say he was attending to his own business,
seeking his own interest, and not that of the Gov-
ernment At all events, I think the Government
has compensated him amply for whatever inform-
ation he has furnished. It is very clear that the
Go-vernmenthas derived no valuable consideration
from this party—none whatever. On the other
hand it appears that the Government published
his memorial, and along, with that has published
a prospectus of the work which he proposed to
print. Thus he has been advertised at the Gov-
ernment expense, and in addition to that it ap-
pears that they gave him two hundred and fifty
copies of his memorial. If we vote this, in niy
opinion, we vote a pure gratuity.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, this bill seems
to have met with opposition from a peculiar quar-
ter. It seems that Senators cannot understand
that a merchant can give valuable information to
the Departments of this Government when they
contemplate fitting out an expedition to ascertain
what commercial relations we can form with dis-
tant nations, and that the information cannot be
worth anything unless Congress see fit to publish
it for the benefit of the world; and from the fact
that this information was not published, and large
numbers of copies purchased for the benefit of
the Government, it follows, of course, that they
consider the information worthless. I do not con-
sider that that necessarily follows at all. The
Government of the United States was about to fit
out an expedition to Japan, it seems, and sought
for such information as would enable them to
do it most economically, and to ascertain whatits
probable results would be. The Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] asks me what is the evidence
that the Government sought it. The evidence is
a certificate from the Secretary of the Treasury
that he invited this man here to give him this in-
formation—Mr. Walker in the early part of Mr.
Polk's administration; and the further evidence is,
that the Secretary of State under General Taylor
reported this to Congress, and stated that he had
given it to three Secretaries, of whom he was one.
Certainly it was a matter within his knowledge.
At any rate, this information was published by
the Senate, and we know the fact.
This man was requested to confer with Com-
modore Perry when the Government fitted out
the Japan expedition. In this way he may have
given all the information that the Department
wanted, to enable them to understand whether
they were justified in fitting out the expedition
Now the Senator from Alabama wants to know
what the commercial statistics prove that we get
in dollars and cents by this. Is no information
worth anything unless there is a return in your
Treasury books? We have made this expedition;
we have found out this distant country; we have
made treaties with it, and we have not yet real-
ized the results. The returns of this labor arc far
distant. When an expedition is fitted out to find
an open polar sea, which is said to exist, we con-
tribute money, we do anything to get the inform-
ation; but when do you expect to have any com-
merce with the north pole? There is nothing
grown there. But there is valuable geographical
information got by these expeditions, and we pay
for them.
So with the expedition to Japan. Have not
the commercial nations sent their exploring par-
ties around the world from season to season,and
from period to period in the world's history, and
do they ever bring any returns in money ? There
never was any expected in that way ; but this is
the way the geography of the world is found out,
and this is the way the commerce of the world is
ascertained; and our nation ought to be willing
to contribute something towards this information
as well as other nations. Nations derive some
honor, some credit from these expeditions; and
if this man has imparted valuable information,
as there is abundant evidence that lie has, he may
have saved the Government a hundred thousand
dollars. We must not expect, it is not reason-
able that we should expect, that every expedition
we fit out to open new sources of commercial re-
sources, will give us a return in dollars and cents
the moment the ships that go to explore a coun-
try come back. If men are called upon to coil-
tribute information, and they do contribute it, I
agree that a great deal is done for the mere van-
ity—if you please to call it so—the mere fame of
displaying knowledge and communicating inform-
ation; but when afterwards such a man finds him-
self in circumstances to require pay, and asks
for pay, it is but liberal and just that we should
