1450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
allow him treasonable compensation. The com-
mittee hare arrived at this sum, which is not a
very liberal one, as I think. This man has been
here a, great while. I know books are stated to
hate been written by him, amounting to eight
hundred pages. I have not seen any of them, to
be sure. But We hajre thought $3,000 would be
reasonable. Information has been obtained, an
expedition has been fitted out, and we have spent
fifty-fold more money in printing the books that
were the result of that expedition, than the allow-
ance now proposed. It would bo just as reason-
able for us to require, if we had fitted out Dr.
Kane's expedition, to have the Treasury books
in three years afterwards show the result by what
we imported, just as much as in the case of the
Japan expedition. We are going now, it has
been said, to entertain some Japanese noblemen;
and we must do things that will not bear the test
of the scrutiny of a man like the Senator from
North Carolina. If he comes here and under-
takes to drive everything down to the hard pan
for the money, ho will mid that there are many
things we do for which we get no immediate
money returns. Why should we pay money to
entertain Japanese noblemen ? We must do some-
thing a little different from this scale of dollars
and cents. We must pay people for information,
even although we may not havo it result in profit
the first year after it is given.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, 1 desire to say
a word or two on this bill, as I had occasion to
examine the claim a year or two ago, and origin-
ally made the report which has been read to the
Senate. The memorial of this party states that
he was employed by Mr. Walker, then Secretary
of the Treasury, in 1848, for a certain purpose to
furnish information. Now, I understand that ob-
jection is made that this information was commu-
nicated voluntarily on the part of the memorialist,
andthathe is, therefore,not to be paid. WeJ], Mr.
President, let us look at tliat position for a mo-
ment, and sec whether that meets the case. Sup-
pose this man had been preparing his information
from 1845 to 1848—supposing he came from INTew
York to Washington and laid that information
voluntarily before the Secretary ofStatc—he would
then he entitled to no compensation for coming
here; he came on his own motion; but after he
gets here, if the Secretary of State uses that in-
formation, and it becomes valuable to the Gov-
ernment, should he not be paid for it? 1 hold in
my hand the certificate of that Secretary—Mr.
Walker—who says this information was valuable
to him. He says:
" The fiiet* stated in the hotly of the hitter are correct,
and tile inlormatiou and Muustic- furnished by Mr. Paltrier,
in connection with our ooimncioial intercourse with Asia,
wore niO't valuable; ami important."
If wo inert it. upon that point, that ho came vol-
untarily to Washington from Now York, and yet
communicated valuable information to the [Secre-
tary of State, which was for the benefit of the
Government, should we not pay him? Is it al-
ways necessary that we send for a man to coma
here, before wc pay him anything ? We have had
the benefit; wc have had the product of his labor;
now, why should he not be paid ? If 1 go a little
further in this memorial, if I come to the time
when Mr. Clayton was Secretary of State, he
says, in his memorial, that he completed a series
of papt-rs containing geographical descriptions of
many oriental nations, enumerating, among them,
the empire of Japan. Now, what says Mr. Clay-
ton ? lie says—tins is Mr. Clayton's own lan-
guage, when he had the memorial in his hand—
" l only wish to s;iy, <(■; an act of in [(<■■: to this finntle-
man, that, liom all the info.in.-ition which ! Ii.ive h.ul ;in
opportunity of jeceivinj; hi-retutorc in anorho! po.inon'-—
That was when he was Secretary of State. That
was the other position which Mr. Clayton held.
Now, from all the information which he acquired
in another position, that is, when he was Secre-
taiy of State, Mr. Clayton said:
" 1 believe he is entitled to more credit forgetting tip the
Jnjian expedition than any other mail I have "heard ot."
Mr. Palmer sets forth that he furnished in-
formation to Mr. Clayton. Years afterwards, in
1855, Mr. Clayton takes his memorial and thus
substantiates it: he says "as ail act of justice;"
and he wants to say that Mr. Palmer had done
more than any other man he over heard of in re-
gard to that expedition.
Nov/ what shall we pay this man for these ser-
vices ? He has done more than any other man
that has been heard of, in regard to this matter.
What shall we pay him ? It does not appear by
the Treasury books to have been worth anything
in the result; but you paid Commodore Perry
$20,000 for carrying out that expedition. Palmer
furnished more information than anybody else for
it, and when it was successfully carried out, you
paid $20,000 for it. Then what shall we pay for
the information which led to it? It is said it is
not worth anything; we have got no good from it.
Why not be as liberal to the man who furnished
the information, or in part so; why not do some-
thing proportionate for him to what you did for
Commodore Perry> And that was not all you did
! for Commodore Perry; you gave himalarge num-
' ber of copies of his own work—two hundred and
fifty copies I am informed—as a compliment to
him, to bestow them on his friends, or do what
he pleased with them. I think he bestowed them
among his friends. Why then should we not re-
ward "ibis man for his services and labor? But I
do not rest there. I want to call the attention of
gentlemen who make this objection, to the report
and to the memorial. The report says:
"Mr. Palmer fuither iepres>ents that, in pursuance of
ccitajii resolutions, presented by Mr. Hamlin, chairman of
the Senate Committee oa Commerce, and adopted by the
Senate, on the 21st of Februaiy, 1850, calling on the Secre-
tary of Suite for information respecting the barbarous treat-
ment of shipwrecked American seamen in Japan; al?o,
in regard to the independent oriental nations, and their ca-
pabilities for a profitable American commcrce, &c., he was
employed by Mr. Clayton to assist him in picparing Ins an-
swer to said resolutions, and that he was diligently em-
ployed for about three months m that business."
He was employed by Mr. Clayton. Now, the
objection is, that*he was notomployed. Gentle-
men say it rests on the statement of Palmer alone
that he was employed. I want to call attention
to this point. Was he employed, or not, by Mr.
Clayton to assist in preparing his answer to the
resolutions? Here is Mr. Clayton's report, copied
into this. Here is what Mr. Clayton himself said
in regard to that. If you turn to the, last page of
the report, you will find, in Mr. Clayton's own
language:
"He claims compensation for nine months' services, m
which he way neces^aitly detained during that year (1848)
in the preparation of the map, and coi reeling the proof-
sheets of the usual, as well as extra, nurnbeis of copies of
said memoir ordered by the Senate; and also for four months'
services in preparing a repoit, illustrated by uspecial chart,
for the Secretary of State, under a resolution of the Senate
of the 16th January, iSoO."
Was that in the book that was to be published ?
| A spocial chart was prepared by him for that re-
; port. Mr. Clayton concludes:
u fn view of the highly meritorious and valuable services
thu^ icndcrvl by Mr i'almer, and their important results In
pieparing the way for opening new marts m the East to
oui commeice, your committee have come to the conclu-
sion that lift is justlv entitled to thousand dollars, in
coin pen^arion for such sci vices and expenses; and they ac-
cordingly repoit a bill allowing the same, and lccommend
its parage."
That is the report of Mr. Clayton himself, after
Mr. Palmer had said lie was employed. Is it
not confirmation strong from Mr. Clayton's own
mouth, that he was employed ? And vet it is said
we do not owe him anything. You had his ser-
vice for three or four months, at the request of
Lhe Secretary of State in this instance, and you
have not paid him a dollar. But you say you
have given him certain books. What was that
in payment of this service? Now, why not pay
the. man what wc owe him ? Why delay it, and
make him stand here in the Halls of Congress
until he has grown old and tottering, before you
acknowledge and pay him for his services, and
then refuse to pay interest in the end ? Mr. Presi-
dent, I have only to say that I think this claim
eminently just, and the services here named arc
proposed to be paid for at a small sum. I hope
the bill will pass.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I did not in-
tend to say anything on the subject of this bill,
and 1 have purposely forborne, f know Mr. Pal-
mer. He is a very civil, obliging gentleman, and
has scraped together a good deal of information on
the subject of commerce, possible as well as act-
ual commerce, with these oriental countries. But I
have known somethingofthese manuscripts which
he pieparcd many years ago, and I recollect very
well the debate we had in this body ten years ago,
allow what seem to me to be misconceptions to pass
unnoticed. I have before me the paper on the avi-
on this subject, and 1 do not know that I ought to
thorityof which it is assurried that this gentleman
came here toWashington by invitation of a high of-
ficer of the Government, in order to prepare inform-
ation valuable and important to the Government.
I had seen various little pamphlets ofMr. Palmer's
long before I kftew of him in connection with this
affair at Washington. It seems from this letter,
which he has addressed to Mr. Walker, that in
1847, Mr. Walker being in New York, there was
an interview between him and Mr. Palmer.
Whetherthatinterview was sought bjr Mr. Walker
or Mr. Palmer, is not alleged. I take it for granted
that it was, as hundreds of other interviews have
been, soughtby Mr. Palmer; and that after stating
to Mr. Walker that he was preparing certain
manuscripts on this subject, with a view to pre-
sent them to the Government, Mr. Walker ex-
pressed a desire to examine them, and then Mr.
Walker expressed an opinion that perhaps Mr.
Palmer had better come on to Washington, and
presentthepapersto the Government. This he did;
and that is the ground of the claim of Mr. Palmer
against the Government now for the preparation
of these papers for the Government.
The truth is, and it is very well known by those
who were in Congress at that time, that m 1850
Mr. Palmer, who supposed himself to possess
peculiar information in regard to these subjects,
was desirous of being appointed to some sort of
a diplomatic mission in these oriental islands and
countries, I do not know which one, but some-
where; and that he was recommended to the Gov-
ernment for some such place. Doubtless, these
documents, thus prepared by him with a view to
be presented to the Government, were intended
to enforce his claims to such a mission, and to
justify, as I dare say they very amply would have
done, the Government in giving him such an ap-
pointment. Theydid not, however, give him the
appointment. Probably, if they had, we should
never have heard of this claim.
All that Mr. Walker certifies to is that the in-
formation is valuable. It is interesting and val-
uable, I dare say, to some people. I have read
some of it with a good deal of interest. Well
now, in regard to the Secretary of State, if the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] were here, I
should be very glad to know from him how it was
that he happened to call for this information from
the State Department? Doubtless he was soli-
cited by Mr. Palmer himself, or if not, by some
friend of his, for this is no new thing. Members
of the Senate who have been here a number of
years, know very well how these things are got
before the public, and how, afterwards, they be-
come the foundation of a claim. I have seen sev-
eral cases where papers have been prepared first
in the shape of memorials, perhaps, then of re-
ports, not made by an officer of the Government,
out by a private individual, of which, finally,
there is, by some contrivance or other, a deposit
made in some of the Departments. Then a mem-
ber of Congress is importuned to make a call on
the Secretary for that information. Then the in-
formation comes here—and formerly it was, of
course, printed by the Senate—and the next thing
wc hear is, that there is a claim for compensation.
One case of that sort passed in the last Congress.
I said iiotffing about it, but I always thought it
was exceedingly improper. These volunteers in
the service of tfie Government ought not to be
allowed to press their work upon us, and then ob-
tain compensation for it. Possibly Mr. Palmer's
manuscript or report, which came "here first m the
shape of a memorial, was once or twice before
the Library Committee, who, ns T stated ten years
ago, were rather glad to got rid of it. The Library
Committee of that day wen.* very much averse to
publishing books,or publishing anything, in shoit,
but what might properly he called documents—
reports of officers of the 'Government of one class
or another. Nothing was done by that committee
on the subject; ^and finally, in 1S50, Mr. Footc,
of Mississippi, introduced his celebrated resolu-
tion upon which the great'{battle of the books"
took place between Mr. Kenton and himself. The
Senator from North Carolina has correctly stated
what took place upon that occasion and subse-
quently.
There is really, I think, no foundation in strict
justice for this claim; but I do notkno\v whether
it would not have been wise to have paid some-
thing for it ten years ago, arid I am not sur© that
it would not be wise to pay something now, for
