1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
this claim will be urged in smcula saculorum; at
all events, as long as Mr. Palmer lives, I have no
doubt; and if the gentleman who reported this bill
would accept an amendment to pay $1,000,1 be-
lieve I should vote for it, as an economical dispo-
sition of the subject; but if it is claimed as a mat-
ter of right, I know too much about it to be able
to vote for it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BRAGG. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bingham, Bright,
Brown, Chandler, Claik, Collamer, Oiiuendcn, Duikee,
Fessen'dcn, Foot, I-Tmlan, Iverson, Rice, Seward, Sim-
mons, Ten Eyck," Wade, and Wilkinson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Biag*?,C!ay, Fitch, Fltzpatrick,Grimes,
Hammond, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Nicholson,
Pearco, Polk, Powell, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Slidell, and
Yulec—1G.
So the bill was passed.
ELI W. GOFF.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 113) for the relief of Eli W. GofT.
Mr. FOOT. I have charge of that bill, and
there are certain important papers that I omitted
to bring with me; and I desire that it may lie over
for the present.
There being no objection, the bill was passed
over.
BLOCKER, DAVIS, AND GURLEY.
The bill (S. No. 114) for the relief of R. F.
Blocker, E. J. Gurley, and J. F. Davis, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to require the Secretary
of War to pay to R. F. Blocker, E. J. Gurley,
and J. F. Davis, the sum of $1,000 in full for their
claim against the United States for their profes-
sional services in defending Lieutenant Anderson
and his detachment, who were arrested and tried
for a criminal offense, alleged to have been com-
mitted while acting under orders of their com-
manding officer in Texas in 1854.
Mr FESSENDEN. Let us hear the report
read.
The Secretary read the report of the Committee
on Military Affairs; from which it appears that
on the 16th of April, 1854, Captain Richard H.
Anderson, United States Army, received written
instructions from Brevet Brigadier General Har-
ney to proceed to Fort Gibson with a detachment
of four non-commissioned officers and twelve pri-
vates and arrest Assistant Surgeon Josephus M.
Stcincr, of the medical corps, United States Army,
and convey him to Austin for trial by court-mar-
tial, for mutiny and insubordination in killing
Major R. A. Arnold, his superior officer. These
written instructions stated " that II.P. Brewster,
Esq., a gentleman of legal learning, would accom-
pany him, and give such advice as the exigencies
of the mission might require." But sickness in
Mr. Brewster's family so detained*him that Cap-
tain Anderson went upon his mission without any
legal adviser, and arrested Dr. Steiner, while he
was claimed by the sheriff of the county as his
prisoner under an indictment for the murder of
Major Arnold. In returning to Austin with the
prisoner m his custody. Captain Andersen yielded
to the request of Dr. Steiner to pass Waco on his
way, which is not on the most direct road from
Fort Gibson to Austin; and while at Waco, Cap-
tain Anderson and his detachment were arrested
by legal process under a charge of rescuing the
prisoner (Dr. Steiner). from the custody of the
sheriff of Hill county. Captain Anderson was
taken before a court of inquiry upon a charge the
punishment of which was "hard labor in the
penitentiary not less than five nor more than ten
years." Under these circumstances, he employed
the petitioners to defend him and his men, and
advised his superior officer of what had been done.
Captain Anderson was held to answer the charge;
the men were discharged. The petitioners also
defended Captain Andeisou in the district court
of Hill county, and the trial resulted in his ac-
quittal. The claim for these services is regarded
as reasonable and fair by several practicing attor-
neys, who£e letter accompanies the petition.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The facts are all fully
set forth in the report which has been read. It is
a case that occurred in Texas, and one of some
notoriety. This man Steiner committed a homi-
cide on one of his superiors. The only difficulty |
in the allowance of the claim at the Department j
was, that the officer in charge diverged somewhat !
from the usual route directed by the Secretary of j
War, and therefore he did not consider himself i
authorized to pay the account. It underwent the j
supervision of the committee on two occasions, j
The service was performed, and the difficulty was !
in ascertaining the compensation. The committee j
thought $1,000 was sufficient, and were unanimous 1
in recommending the payment of that sum. j
The bill was reported to the Senate without j
amendment. !
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not understand why so !
many lawyers were employed in this matter." i
Mr. FITZPATRICK. There were three coun- j
gel employed. There was a great deal of litiga- [
tion,as the Senator would find by reading the i
testimony. Two of them we understand to be a
firm, and there was one other gentleman employed.
They claimed a much larger amount—$5,000. We
scaled it down to what wc thought a reasonable
rate.
Mr. SIMMONS. Has the committee allowed
them the usual charges for such services?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The usual charges cus-
tomarily allowed by the Department in such cases.
The oill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
SHELDON MCKNIGHT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, next
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 30) for the
relief of Sheldon McKnight. It proposes to di-
rect the Postmaster General to pay to Sheldon Mc-
Knight, for carrying the United States mail from
Cleveland, Ohio, and Detroit, Michigan, to Mack-
inaw, Sault Ste. Marie, Marquette, Copper Har- ;
bor, Eagle Harbor, Eagle River, and Ontonagon,
Michigan, La Pointe and Superior, Wisconsin,
during the years-from 1849 to 1857, inclusive, in
all cases where it is shown to the satisfaction of
the Postmaster General that the mail was carried
by authority of the postmasters or agents of the
Department, and without a contract with the De-
partment, an amount equal per trip to that now
allowed by the Department for the same service,
deducting therefrom the amount heretofore paid. ,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I tlimk bills ought to '
be passed with great caution which mention no
sum whatever. We do not know what we are
voting. I should like to know of the chairman of
the committee who reported the bill what is the
amount. I think in all such bills the amount ought
to be stated in order that Congress may know
what they are doing. To say he shall be paid as
much as has been allowed to somebody else for do-
ing such a thing, without mentioning any amount
at all, is not the way to legislate; and I am a little
surprised that a bill in such an unsatisfactory form
should be reported by so able a committee as that
presided over by my friend from Florida, [Mr.
Yulee.] 1 desire to know the amount.
Mr. YULEE. I am sorry not to deserve in
this case the compliment of having given any par-
ticular attention to the case. It was reported dur-
ing my absence from the city. I am not informed
sufficiently of the facts to be able to answer the
inquiries m relation to it, beyond what the report
may show. The Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] who is a member of the committee,
and who is not now in his seat, examined the case
and made the report, as 1 was informed, accom-
panied by the bill which has just now been read.
The report, 1 presume, contains a statement of the
facts. Beyond that, I can say nothing, as I have
not particularly given my attention to the case.
Mr. SIMMONS. Perhaps the bill had better
be laid by until the Senator from New Hdmp- !
shire is here. ["Oh, no.''] j
Mr. RICE. I gave, at the last session, a good ;
deal of attention to this claim. At the present j
session it was referred to another member of the
committee. Mr. McKnight has carried the mail
from Detroit through to the head of Lake Supe-
rior, I do not know for how long a lime, but the -
distance for the round trip is two thousand miles. _
He carried the mail at the request and by author- ;
ity of the postmasters upon the route. T am not ;
enabled to explain to the Senate why a contract ]
was not made by the Department with him di- j
rectly; but I know the papers show that he per- j
formed the service and that he did it in accordance ;
with the request of the postmasters, and of the !
special agents of the Department. I know the
testimony shows that he received no compensa-
tion for that service. I know, furthermore, that
when the present Postmaster General came into
power, he at once promptly entered into a contract
with Mr-McKnight, making it a'governmental
contract, and allowing him $100 for the round
trip.
Now, let me state to the Senate that the round
trip embraces two thousand miles for #100—the
cheapest service performed on this earth, and the
most dangerous service. Not only has he car-
ried the mails there since the completion of the
canal at the Sault Ste. Marie, but prior to that
lie constructed a railroad connecting the lower
lakes with Lake Superior, at his own private ex-
pense, over which he transported the mails. He
and two other gentlemen carried all these mails
in his boat and two others, and accommodated a
population of fifty thousand people: andno other
fifty thousand upon this continent have contrib-
uted so much to the resources of the country as
the fifty thousand supplied by the mails in the
basin of Lake Superior; and no other fifty thou-
sand people have received so small a benefit from
the Government as they.
I admit I cannot understand why it was that
the powers that were did not make a contract
directly with Mr. McIJnight; but the evidence
before the committee was positive that this gentle-
man had carried the mails. He carried them upon
contracts made with the postmasters upon the
route, and upon contracts with the several agents
of the Department; but why these contracts were
never perfected here, I do notunderstand. When
the present Postmaster General came into office
he ^ry promptly stepped forward and said itwas
a cheap service, and entered into a contract for
the future. Now ail that Mr. McKnight asks is,
that he shall be paid the same for carrying the
mails under contiact with the postmasters that ho
is allowed by the Postmaster General; and when
you take into consideration that these boats, the
most magnificent boats that float on our waters,
make only twelve or thirteen round trips in the
year, and that each round trip is two thousand
miles, and the service is done for $100 a trip, let
us give the amount now allowed by the Depart-
ment. They ask no more than the Department
admits-thcy are entitled to.
Mr. WADE. This claim is of a similar char-
acter to one that was passed at the last Congress.
That was the claim of Captain Turner, who I
believe carried the mails at the same time and to
the same extent.
Mr. RICE. There were three boats engaged.
Mr. WADE. Captain Turner's claim was al-
lowed. I investigated that claim at the time very
fairly. It came before the Senate, and the bill
then passed. Although I did not investigate this
particular claim, I could not fail to sec that Mc-
Knight stood on precisely the same ground.
There was no contract with the Government; but
I believe there was evidence in that, and I believe
there is in this case, that the Postmaster General
authorized the postmasters along the route to em-
ploy some of these lake captains to carry the
mail, and they, of course, did carry it, supposing
that that was contract enough, and that the Gov-
ernment would recognize what they had done, and
pay them for it. I believe the Department in that
case supposed that the services were rendered at
a low and cheap rate, in comparison to what they
had contracted for in other cases, and that claim
was adjusted and paid, 1 think, to the amount of
some twentj' thousand dollars. This, standing
on the same ground, it seems to me, ought to
faie the same way. That is all I have to say
about it. I do not wish to go into particulars, but
I know it stands on the same principle.
Mr. YULEE. I find, on looking at the bill,
that it contains such a limitation as the Senator
from Kentucky requires. Although the amount
is not named to which the claim shall be limited,
the Postmaster General is limited to the amount
which he is now paying for the same service on
proof that the service was performed.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I want to say one word.
This bill passed the Senate, under the supervis-
ion of my predecessor, Mr Stuart, unanimously
twice; and it also passed the House of Represent-
atives last year, but did not get the approval of
the President. The next bill to it is similar
