1860.
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
doctrines of proscription and intolerance which
it cannot be denied are asserted in the extracts
from the Helper book which had been read at the
Clerk's table. There was but one sentiment upon
the subject. Sir, there was not a gentleman pres-
ent who was not ready there or anywhere to de-
clare that any man who would not upon a proper
occasion disavow such sentiments, was unfit to
be Speaker of the House. A man who in his
heart approved such doctrines, inciting to slave
insurrection, agrarianism, and to commercial and
social non-intercourse, would not, as wo all know,
be generally regarded as worthy of being intrusted
with the powers of a constable.
But, sir, there were suggestions made of this
character. It was intimated that the resolution
of my friend from Missouri, and 1 say it with the
utmost respect, was unnecessarily harsh in its
terms. The opinion was expressed by more than
one gentleman, that the resolution of my friend
from Missouri, did not take notice of the alleged
disclaimer of the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman.] The opinion seemed to prevail
in that conference that the Opposition elements of
this House could at least be just to the honorable
gentleman who was the nominee of the Republican
organization. There were differences of opinion
upon many subjects which came under discussion;
but there appeared to be but one opinion on the
point that the circumstances of the case called for
a disclaimer from the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, and that the disclaimer which had been
made by him (though naturally and necessarily
restrained by Ins position) was partial and not
equal to the occasion. Sir, by common consent,
an effort was made to settle upon the terms of a
resolution which should embrace the substance of
both the pending propositions, and to which the
gentlemen presentand thoir political friends could
give their assent. No person not present was to
be committed; it was stated over and over again
that there were no authorized representatives of
any faction except of the great anti-Lccompton
Democratic faction, winch was represented by
myself and my friend from New Jersey, [Mr.
Riggs.] My friend from New Jersey [Mr.
Adrain] was at home sick. [Laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 will merely state, as the gen-
tleman made a departure yesterday from the small
hand of anti-Lccompton Democrats, that here-
after he speaks and acts for himself. [Laughter.]
I utterly disclaimed going into that conferenceon
that day, and the gentleman and my colleague
[Mr. Riggs] went in, representing themselves
■jntirely.
Mr. CLARIv, of New York. I certainly rep-
resented myself. [Laughter.]
The effort proceeded to adjust the form of a res-
olution which all the gentlemen present should
vote for; and the resolution which has been read
was agreed upon. It was not the work of any
one man, but it was the work of each and every
man. One portion is the language of one man,
and another portion is the language of another
man. An hour, perhaps, was spent m the discus-
sion of the phraseology of the resolution. Care
was bestowed as to each and every word. I feel
at liberty to say that every gentleman there pres-
ent did, in the most explicit manner, give his as-
sent to that resolution. For the truth of that
statement, I appeal to the high-minded gentlemen
who were present The paper wns in my hand-
writing. I had acted as the draughtsman. T
struck out a word at the dictation of one gentle-
man, and inserted another word at the dictation
of another gentleman; and from the circumstance
that the paper was somewhat illegible and some-
what interlincated, I undertook to havoit copied,
to the end that my friend from North Carolina
[Mr. Wi.vuow] might tak<* the copy, submit it
to the honorable gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Clark,] and, if it met the approbation of that
gentleman, and no one doubted that it would, it
was expected that he would offer it in lieu of his
resolution now before the House, and that it would
likewise be accepted by my friend from North
Carolina [Mr. Gilmer]"in lieu of his proposition.
It was expected that the se^eial points of order
standing in the way would be removed, and that
the House would be brought to the point where
every gentleman must assume the responsibility
of determining his action in favor of or against
the plurality rule, in the event that a Speaker could
not be elected by a majority. I took the paper;
I was especially requested by several gentlemen,
and among others by my honorable friend from
Mississippi, [Governor IVIcRae,] to call upon and
confer with my anti-Lccompton colleague from
New Jersey, [Mr. Adrain.] I did call upon him;
and I acquainted him with the fact that a resolu-
tion had been agreed on to which his assent was
requested; but f am not going to say whether he
did or did notassent to it; that is private. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. I will say that what the gen-
tleman now siates is strictly true.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I never state any-
thing that is not. [Laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. I did not intend to insinuate
that the gentleman overdoes, because we all know
him to be a gentleman of great truth and honor.
He did show me the resolution.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Stop right there.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. And I gave my assent to it.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I did not say so;
1 would not have said so for this Capitol full of
gold. [Laughter.] It was a private conversation
—a confidential conversation with my dear friend
from New Jersey. [Renewed laughter.] I would
not have said it for the world.
Mr. ADRAIN. I do not violate any confidence
reposed in mc by the gentleman from New York.
I am the last man here to do a dishonorable act
like that. I would not violate private confidence
in regard to the resolution; and have never spoken
of the resolution to any person until now, in reply
to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Every gentle-
man present at that conference knew that it was
necessary in order that the resolution should be
carried—for none of us contemplated that the Re-
publican party wouid vote for it, [laughter]—that
it should receivo the approbation of my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Dams,] and my friend from
New Jeisoy, [Mr. Adrain,] who stands as a
breakwater here between the two contending fac-
tions of this House. Of course I violated no con-
fidence, but did my duty when I laid that resolu-
tion before my friend from New Jersey; and so
strong is the power which he has over me, that
if he had dissented I would, perhaps, have re-
called my assent.
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman from New
York attributes to me a power which I did not
before suppose I possessed. Yesterday the gen-
tleman wandered off from me like the prodigal
son, but 1 hope he will soon return, and, as he
said yesterday,lay his bones with luskindred,"
the anfi-Lecompton Democrats. I do not sup-
pose that he meant by that that the anti-Lecomp-
ton Democrats are dead, but that hereafter we
will act together, standing up strongly and firmly
to our political principles.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. On my way from
the room of my friend, [Mr. Adrain,] who was
confined by sickness, I met the honorable gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] who had
left that conference before this resolution was
agreed upon, and 1 think before the subject-mat-
ter came under discussion. Upon my own re-
sponsibility I took the liberty to submit this res-
olution to the honorable gentleman from Georgia,
for he was entitled to know what had transpired
at that conference after he had left it. I subse-
quently conversed upon the subject with my
friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.,] who
had offered a resolution which was alleged to be
a barrier m the way of reaching that of the gen-
tleman from Missouri. It was stated in that con-
ference that it had been represented to the House
and to the country that my friend from North
Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] offered his resolution for
the purpose of preventing this House from com-
ing to a vote upon the very pioper resolution of
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark.]
One object of tins resolution (which was de-
signed to combine the substance of both the other
resolutions in clear, unexceptionable, and inoffen-
sive language) was that my friend from North
Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] might be exonerated from
a charge which every gentleman felt to be utterly
unfounded. How the fact that this resolution
had been agreed upon became notorious I do not
know, and I cannot imagine, unless some gentle-
man who was in that conference felt at liberty to
state the fact. Imagine my surprise, when, on
the next day, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] informed me that there had been a
conference; that a resolution was there agreed
upon, and that he knew of it about the hour that
the conference broke.
I have sought, as far as I can, to exonerate
every gentleman there present from imputation,
(although none has, I think, been intended to be
cast upon any of them,) and now I call upon the
distinguished gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
McRae] to give his recollection of the transac-
tion. 1 he final understanding was that the res-
olution, when engrossed, was to be given to the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr, Winslow,]
who was to obtain the approval of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] or,at his pleasure,
to hand it to that gentleman, that he might him-
self offer it as a substitute for his own.
Mr. McRAE. As I was one of the committee
of consultation by which this resolution was
agreed upon, I wish to state the real merits of the
question m reference to what brought about the
agreement upon this resolution which has not yet
been brought before this House. The resolution
was a consequence growing out of certain action
to be taken precedent to it. The purpose for
which this committee metin the first instance was
to ascertain whether the members of the com-
mittee could agree upon some one person upon
whom the parties they respectively represented
could concentrate their votes, with a view to an
organization of this House. That was the object
of the consultation originally. It was ascertained
after long and deliberate consultation by the com-
mittee, that there could be no agreement, that
there could be no solution of the question as to
how the House could organize, by concentrating*
the votes of the different parties upon a single
person. That fact we arrived at conclusively and
distinctly.
After that conclusion was arrived at, the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] left the com-
mittee room, and then the suggestion was made
that possibly the three parties represented by the
committee might be brought to act in concert upon
some other question, which, by having their har-
monious action upon several votes of this House,
showing a united organization of all the elements
of opposition to the Republican party might bring
about a harmony of feeling, which might lead to
an organization by a concentration of the votes of
those parties upon some one person. The reso-
lution itself was but a part of the programme
which was to be carried out, and it was the last
act of the programme. What was the first act?
It was thought that it would be a desirabh* thing,
if the southern Opposition, the anti-Lccompton
Democrats, and the Democrats proper, coula bo
brought to vote unitedly against the plurality rule.
That was the first part of the programme. The
understanding was, that the first proposition which
was to be made by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Winslow,] who acted as chairman
upon our part, was, before the resolution was pre-
sented, to vote down the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] to
amend the Journal. It was thought, if that could
be done, if an united vote of the three parties upon
it could be had, it would tend to produce that state
of harmony among them which would result in
good m the future.
Mr. HASKIN. I wish to ask the gentleman
one question connected with this subject.
Mi. McRAE. When I get through, then the
gentleman can ask the question. *
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to know if youranti-
Lecompton friend from New York [Mr. Clark]
agreed to this proposition?
Mr. McRAE. I tell the gentleman, when I get
through I will answer the question.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I hope the gen-
tleman from Mississippi will not answer the ques-
tion. I do not know that it is any of his [Mr.
Haskin's>] business.
Mr. McRAE. I said that when I got through
I would answer the question. I hope the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Clark] will not con-
sider himself unsafe in my hands.
What was then the next step which was to he
taken by these united parties, after voting down
the resolution of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to amend the Journal? It was to vote down
the proposition which went to the result ot bring-
ing about a vote upon the plurality rule. That
was the first vote to be taken, and wo could not
