THE CONGRESSIONAL GHLGBB.
May 28,
could stand the lire of its own batteries. That is
a war ship!
Mr. -HAMMOND. Do you say that of the'
Isabel ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The Isabel is but a small cock-
boat. [Laughter.]
. Mr. YUL'EE. The Isabel was not required to
be a. war vessel. It was under a different law.
- Mr. TOOMBS. That was merely a scheme by
the friends of the measure to cram it down the
throats of Congress. I was here,and knowabout
it.' They would notviolatethe principle of making
the Post Office Depa-r^ient depend upon the post-
ages; an<3 so, at first, when they started the Pan-
ama and Astoria line, they said it was necessary
for naval purposes, necessary for defense; and
that, if we established the steamers, we could, by
knocking down the top decks, at once have fifteen
or twenty first-class frigates. That was the story,
as you will fmd by the debates. We first lent the
contractors money to build the vessels, as in the
case of the Collins ships; and we did not get the
money back until we made the last settlement
with them; and then we only got it by withhold-
ing some of the postage money just before the
concern failed, and came to a settlement here re-
cently during the present Administration.
Mr. YULEE. In this very bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. In this bill, it seems, on strik-
ing the balance, they are entitled to $88,000. This
if the final settlemefit of their account. They
could not put a piank in one of their vessels but
for the motley of the Government. They did not
pretend to build the vessels according to the con-
tract. They were condemned, but they got them
taken by Congress; and afterwards you raised
their compensation from $388,000 to $475,000 a
year by congressional contract. That is your
history. First they took a contract. They could
.not carry it nut; and you lent them money. Then
yon increased theirpricefrom |,388,000 to $475,000
a year. That is the history ot your congressional
contracts. When, after they had been four"'or
five years in operation, you took the increased
price away from them under the law of the land,
the thing burst up.
It appears very clearly that the mails between
Havana, Savannah, and Charleston, in the Isa-
bel, will not pay for themselves; and this Gov-
ernment is called upon to pay $50,000 a year to
maintain that correspondence. I will not do It.
I deny the whole policy upon which your pres-
ent postal system stands. 1 say it is a delusion.
The enterprising, intelligent commercial classes,
the lawyers, the newspapers, the politicians, are
endeavoring to throw the cost of their business
upon hones'- labor. They levy pence out of pov-
eily, in oidrr to maintain gloated wealth; and
those who maintain this system stand up before
a free people and talk of cheap postage, and of
its benefit to the people. My friend from South
Carolina is wrong in supposing that the rural
people are the only people who pay this. Why,
sir, every man who supports himself by labor
in New York or New England is plundered by
this system a great deal worse than the mail in
the country he and 1 represent, because they defy
foreign production; they make their own food
and their own clothing; they live at home, mid
do not have much to do with letters. 1 speak of
the contribution to a fund to which all contribute.
You take a laboring man in New York, who la-
bors for two dollars a day, and by your system
you make him a partner with Moses II. Grinnell
& Co. in letters, lie may not know how to
write his name, while the postage of the other
gentleman is $2,000 a year. Do they pay accord-
ing to their property? No; because he probably
consumes as much sugar and clothes and other
articles as Mr. Grinnell, if he is an industrious
man and can afford himself the ordinary cloth-
ing. You levy out of him according to his con-
sumption. You make your own poor give cheap
postage to your wealthy manufacturer, to your
merchants, and to all the enterprising classes,
North and South, for it is not sectional at all; it
is the same thing at the South as at the North. I
once illustrated it here with myself and the man-
ager of my estate. I write a thousand letters
where he writes one. If you lay your duty on
sugar, he consumes more sugar than I do, for he
has a larger family and his means are large enough
for his consumption and to give them as much as
they want. You make him my partner m post-
age, whereas my portion might be a thousand
dollars to his ten cents. It is a trick, a scheme,
a device, which has been used in all ages and
countries, by which the enterprising, the active,
rob labor of its own gains, and then go through
the country crying for the protection of labor.
Mr. GREEN. So far as the latter part of the
argument of the Senator from Georgia is con-
cerned, I have no complaint to make. If his ob-
ject be to raise the rate of postage so that it will
pay for the general system, supplying the neces-
sary wan ts of the whole country, I am with him. If
his object be to reform abuses, to retrench the frank-
ing privilege, and to establish a system which,
from its genial influence, shall commend itself to
the whole country, I am still with him. But that
is not the proposition before the Senate. The
question before the Senate is a proviso in the first
section of the House bill. That proviso contains
three propositions. The motion of the Commit-
tee on Finance is to strike out the whole proviso.
It is proper to amend it before it is stricken out,
and it is proper to discuss these three propositions
in their regular order, and see whether tney com-
mend themselves to us, under existing eircum-
stanccs, as adapted to the wants of the country
and the condition of the Treasury. The first is:
'• Provided, That the Postmaster General is hereby di-
rected to tcstore the inland service on all the routes under
contract on the 4th of March, 1859, unless the same have
expired by their ®\vn limitation, or where improved *>erviee
ovei j-aid loutes h<« been furnished by railtoads or other-
wise."
To avoid all misconception with regard to this
first clause in the proviso—for it resolves itself
into three clauses, excepting certain limitations
imposed on all—I think it would be well, perhaps,
to insert these words, after the word "routes,"
" or for the accommodation of the same locality."
Sometimes the routes are changed, not in conse-
quence of the opening of a railroad, but in con-
sequence of other modes of communication. The
result is to accommodate the same localities. In
all such eases, I would not go for restoring the old
route, and leaving the new still in force, if the
public are accommodated, and accommodated at
reasonable rates, it is all that we should ask; but
there is one thing thatliesat the foundation of the
whole of this proposition, and that has not been
looked at. We are charged here with ccnsuring
tile Postmaster General. Not one word of it is
correct. It is said, if we vote this, we vote an
implied censure on Mr. Holt, the Postmaster Gen-
eral. Not at all. We are charged here with suc-
cumbing to the importunities of contractors. I
have never seen one, nor have I received a word
from one, on the subject. If any other Senator
has, ho is of age, let him speak for himself.
I merely make these remarks to throw off the
rubbish that has been brought in here to cotifuse
and influence. Senators to stumble and fall, not at'
the real merits of the case, but in consequence of
an attempt to mislead their minds. The Post-
master General hasacertaiii amount of discretion
vested in him by the law. The law is very sim-
ple. Did he exercise that in the manner contem-
plated by the law of 1836? I say he did not, and
when I say that, I do not mean to impugn his
motives or call ill question his judgment. I say
lie was forced, under circumstances of a very pe-
culiar character, in which 110 man, not even the
Senator from Georgia, could have exorcised his
judgment. He was left without an appropriation.
Thequestion with him was, shall the whole'postal
service fail, or shall I apply the knife in such a
manner as to take off the least important, so far
as 1 can? Under this pressure of necessity he
acted so as to keep up the residue of the service
until Congress met. That was the real consid-
eration that operated on the mind of the Post-
master General. It was not that this route or
the other route is not necessary for the public
wants; it is not that the public service requires
this retrenchment; but it was, as the country
knows, " Congress has left me without appropri-
ation, I must devise ways and means to keep up
the most important branch of the service;" and
it was the common expectation of everybody—
and I believe, of the Postmaster General—that,
when Congress met, the service would be re-
stored.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will ask the Senator if lie did
not have just as much money to keep up the dis-
charged routes as he did the others ?
' "Mr. GREEN. I'will answer the Senator. -If
he had discontinued the others ho would; but fre
had not the samewproportion of money to keep
them all up as he had a part.
Mr. TOOMBS. He had not one dollar for any.
Mr. GREEN. I say he had, and used it. There
were certain amounts of certificates that were is-
sued and sold in the market, and which enabled
the parties to receive the money and keep up their
mail service. By multiplying those certificates,
you lessened their value; they would sell for less;
and the ability to keep up the service would not
exist as it otherwise would. Is it not so ?
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not so if a man is ablo
to pay them all.
Mr. GREEN. I know in what manner this
service was kept up. I know these certificates
were issued. I know they were made assignable;
and I know the assignee eould collect in his own
name; and I know that their value in the market
depended on the amount thrown out, together
with the probability that Congress would discharge
its duty, and make an appropriation to pay them.
Under those circumstances, the more that were
issued the less they were worth. I say, then, tho
Postmaster General was cutting off the servico
because he had not money to keep it up; and, by
thus cutting it off, the certificates issued to the
others were made more valuable than if he had
issued to all indiscriminately.
But it is said he has performed very important
service for tho public. Perhaps ho has. I have
no complaint to make of the Postmaster General.
I know one very important route that lie cut down.
It was the route from Lagrange to Newark—fc^ty
miles—carried once a week, and had to pay one
month's for nothing. He saved $12 75 in the
year. I give him credit for it; but look at the
railroad routes carrying mails twice a day and
getting double pay for no service whatever. I
venture this assertion, and I challenge contradic-
tion, that there is but one line of railroad routes
in the United States that, underany circumstances,
demands more than a daily mail. Here was a
double mail, twice a day, morning and evening,
from the city of Washington, by Cincinnati, to
the city of St. Louis, at $2*50 a mile. Once a day
brought the whole mail, and the evening mail or
the morning mail has brought nothing. I know
this from the postmaster who kept the accounts
and made the return. The Postmaster General
wrote to him, remonstrating, " Why is it you do
not return the second mail each day?" He an-
swered," There is no second mail; one mail brings
it all."
Mr. YULEE. Is the Senator willing that the
twice daily mail to St. Louis shall be cut down ?
Mr. GREEN. I am, if you cut down every-
body else. Not only that, but I went to Mr. Holt
and proposed to do it; but I said, " Do not cut
down these little one-horse mails throughout the
country. You will save money by cutting them
down, but by saving $12 75 you incommode the
people nil over the country."
Mr. YULEE. Will you support a bill to that
effect?
Mr. GREEN. I will support a bill that thera
shall be but one daily mail on any railroad.
Mr. YULEE. I will bring it in.
Mr. GREEN. I begged the Postmaster Gen-
eral to act on the suggestion, because in thus doing
1 knew I did not lessen the public accommodation.
One mail a day carries the whole mail matter nine
times out of ten, and if the people know there is
but one mail a day, it will carry the whole of it.
Sometimes, when a steamer is about to sail from
the city of New York, and important dispatches
have to be sent out from the city of Washington,
perhaps it might be advisable to have a mail twice
a day from the city of Washington to the city of
New York, the great shipping port of the Union,
whence dispatches and information arc to be sent
to Europe. I will not call in question that; but
I do say, and I say it emphatically, in view of the
public wants of the country, that no other rail-
road route ought to have more than a daily mail.
Missouri has been paraded here as though she
was complaining more than other States. Mr.
President, I was not aware of that fact. I have
said that I have no doubt the Postmaster General
may have committed errors. To err is human,
and I believe that they will result from the ac-
tion, over a large extended space of country like
ours, of any Department; (pid I never impugned
