1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
greatly diminished, the civil employes in the ser-
vice were almost entirely expensed with, and large
reductions were made in the expenditure for for-
age and keep of the animals of the Army, by sell-
ing at public auction, after due advertisement in
the newspapers, such as were not absolutely es-
sential for the use of the Army.
I have conformed the estimates for the ensuing
year to the standard of the last congressional
appropriations, and have, therefore, reduced them
very nearly two million dollars below those sub-
mitted last year, and half a million below the
actual appropriations made at the last session of
Congress. *
In the year 1855, Congress increased the nu-
merical strength of the Army by adding to it four
regiments, two of which were cavalry. In the
year 1857, the pay of the Army was increased
about thirty per cent. From these two causes
the necessary expenditures for the Army were
largely augmented. This increase arose from a
necessity that still continues, and was decreed by
Congress itself. In addition to these reasons for
larger Army expenses, the rise in the price of
every article of consumption required for its sup-
port has also tended to swell the aggregate sum
for the maintenance of our Army. Neither the
strength of the Army nor the expenditures for its
support and operations, have been enlarged, in
proportion to the growth of the population, the
extension of the frontiers requiring defense, or
the cost of most articles of military supplies.
To arrive at proper conclusions on this question
of expenditures, they must be compared with the
service rendered; and, m this view, a comparison
with any previous time may be confidently chal-
lenged. The present Army has work to do which
might employ, usefully and actively, five tunes
its numerical force; it does that work effectively,
and at a cost certainly not incommensurate with
its value and benefit to the country. The whole
cost of the Army proper, for its entire support and
maintenance, reaches the sum of ($13,098,725 72,)
thirteen million ninety-eight thousand seven hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars and seventy-two
cents. With the help of such legislation as is
asked for, the above sum would be materially
reduced.
Large sums are necessarily and unavoidably
expended every year for objects it is impossible
to foresee or estimate for. During the past year,
the extra expenses incurred for the suppression
of Indian hostilities in Washington and Oregon
amounted to $298,539 11 beyond what would have
occurred but for these wars. Heavy expenses
are likewise incurred for escorts to parties en-
gaged upon service not pertaining to the legitimate
duties of the Army. These sums amounted last
year to over seventy thousand dollars; so it will
be seen that the expenditure of over three hundred
and seventy thousand dollars was imposed upon
the War Department for these objects which could
not be foreseen.
ORDNANCE, ARMS AND EQUIPMENTS.
I have ordered the estimates from the Bureau of
Ordnance to be made mainly in conformity to the
policy which the action of the last Congress seemed
to indicate by its appropriations. I cannot for-
bear to express the opinion, however, that to
abridge the manufacture of arms is, to say the
least, a measure of very doubtful economy, and
may prove in the end to be both dangerous and
expensive. A foreign wor would create an im-
mediate demand for ail immense number of arms,
probably enough neai ly to strip all our arsenals and
to require the purchase of further supplies from
private manufacturers, at whose mercy the Gov-
ernment would be, in the emergencies of war.
Besides the manufacture of arms, other expenses
arc necessarily incurred in experiments and im-
provements m them, which are of the greatest
importance to the service of the country. That
constant progress in the improvement of arms and
other appliances of warfare which has of late char-
acterized the military service of other nations, has
been, up to this time, no less active in ours. The
experiments which have been in progress for some
time past, to ascertain the fitness of iron for the
construction of gun-carriages for sea-coast and
garrison cannon, have resulted m complete suc-
cess. They demonstrate the practicability of using
iron in place of wood for the fabrication of such
carriages, not only to very great advantage in
point of economy, but also in quality. The ulti-
mate saving in money to the country by this man-
ufacture can hardly be estimated. Gun-carriages
heretofore have not only been expensive, but it
has been found impossible to preserve the wood
of which they were constructed from decay; so
that cach gun in all our forts must be remounted
once every ten years to be fit for scrvicc. The
substitution of iron ftfr wood has remedied this
perfectly, and the gun-carriage may now be con-
sidered as indestructible. Models of wrought iron
sea-coast and garrison carriages have accordingly
been adopted, and iron will be used in their fab-
rication hereafter.
Improvement has been introduced, also, in the
forms of cannon, greatly increasing their endur-
ance under repeated discharges, and rendering
them consequently more reliable for service. In
view of the not unfrequent accidents from the
bursting of iron cannon, and the disastrous con-
sequences that may result therefrom, it is impor-
tant that the adopted models should be the best
calculated for strength, and that none but the best
materials should be used in, and the best processes
applied to, thenffabrication. Experiments to as-
certain the best model have been instituted and
carried on with satisfactory results. They arc
still in progress, with special reference to a class
of cannon of heavier caliber, for the more com-
plete determination of the best method of distrib-
uting the given weight of metal throughout the
different parts of the cannon, so as to obtain the
greatest strength. To secure effectually the best
material and mode of fabrication will require the
establishment of a national foundry, and 1 again
urge this important measure, and repeat the rec-
ommendation, so often heretofore made, for the
requisite legislation to effect it.
The subject of rifled cannon and projectiles has
received much attention, and careful experiments
have been instituted to test a variety ol such con-
trivances. It is not deemed advisable to proceed
to the manufacture of such cannon, beyond those
required for experimental purposes, until full and
fair trials shall have demonstrated, practically,
which of the various inventions possesses most
advantages, or whether a combination of the ad-
vantages peculiar to several of them, may not fur-
nish the best Government model.
New patterns of horse equipments for all the
mounted troops have been adopted, and their man-
ufacture has been commenced to the extent per-
mitted by the appropriation applicable thereto. It
is, however, insufficient to meet the wants of the
servicc in this respect, inconsequence of its reduc-
tion below the estimate. The new pattern was
adopted after careful consideration of the views on
the subject of experienced officers of the mounted
service, taken in connection with 'the question of
the greatest economy compatible with fitness for
that, service.
The operations at the national armories and the
arsenals, in the manufacture of small arms and
other supplies pertaining to this branch of tho
War Department, are stated in detail in the ac-
companying report of the Colonel of Ordnanc.
I desire to call attention to the existing law for
arming and equipping the whole body of the mi-
litia of the United States, which was passed in
1808. The provision then made for the purpose
remains the same at this day, and is insufficient
for its effectual accomplishment. This is evinced
by frequent requisitions and urgent applications
from States and Territories for advances of arms
and equipments beyond their regular quotas.
15REECH-LOADING ARMS.
Under the appropriations heretofore made by
Congress to encourage experiments in breech-
loading arms, very important results have been
arrived at. The ingenuity and invention dis-
played upon the subject are truly surprising, and
it is risking little to say thai the arm has been
nearly,ifnot entirely,perfected by several ofthese
plans. These aims commend themselves very
strongly for their great range and accuracy of fire
i at long distances; for the rapidity with which they
i can be fired: and their exemption from injury by
exposure to long-continued rains. With the best
breech-loading arm, one skillful man would be
equal to two, probably three, armed with the ordi-
nary muzzle-loading gun. True policy requires
that steps should be taken to introduce these arms
gradually into our service; and to this end, prep-
arations ought to be made for their manufacture
in the public arsenals.
NATIONAL DEFENSES.
Iii the statement B, herewith submitted, will be
found an estimate for other objects beside those
which pertain to the Army proper, although the
work is done under the supervision of Army offi-
cers generally, and the disbursements are made
by them. These estimates I have caused to be
made in conformity to the appropriation of the
last Congress, and to the p"bhey which those ap-
propriations seemed to establish. The policy is
founded in a strict economy, and I sec no reason
to depart from it; but, at the same time, I feel
bound to submit the estimates proposed by the
chief engineer for the prosecution of the sea-coast
defenses, that Congress may have the daia upon
which to act undcrstandingly, if they should sec
fit, in their wisdom, to reverse the policy of their
predecessors.
I have seen no cause, however, since the date
of my last report, to change its suggestions of econ-
omy in our system of fortifications. It does not
appear necessary to request considerable appro-
priations for additional masonry works. Such
as are not strong enough to offer a good defense
against shipping may, when the emergency arises,
! be rcinforced at a small expense by earthen bat-
teries, properly combined with them for mutual
support, and of such extent as to give an aggre-
gate armament of sufficient power.
My sentiments arc likewise unchanged in re-
gard to the propriety of making some provision
to sccurc our sea-ports from the attacks of forces
that may debark on the coast, and seek to attain
them by routes not commanded by the channel
forts. I regard the slatislics of the combined
naval and military operations of the French in the
recent Italian war as indications of the correctness
of my.estimate of our danger from such attacks,
and as warranting the renewal of my recommend-
ation to Congress to take steps toward carrying
out the plan sketched in my last report for the
defense of New York, in particular, from such
attempts. The appended memoir on American
Fortifications, prepared at my instance by Lieu-
tenant Morton, of the engineer corps, explains
the details of the plan in question, with the aid of
an accurate topographical map. It also contains
an analysis of the general subject of coast defense,
which I deem worthy of your notice.
It is eminently desirable that our completed
permanent forts should be lit with gas, and I rec-
ommend that a small appropriation be made to
introduce it into the most important ones without
delay. By that improvement the risk would be
diminished of accidental fires breaking out m the
officers' quarters or the barracks, now to be ap-
prehended front the vicinity of the magazines.
The introduction proposed may also be recom-
mended on the ground of economy. The post of
! West Point has been lighted in tins manner with
i satisfactory results.
PAYMENT OF VOLUNTEERS.
There are large claims before the Government
for pay alleged to be due to volunteer troops
called out at various times and different places for
the suppression of Indian hostilities. It is due
alike to the claimants and to the Government, that
these claims should be settled, by payment when
they are just, and a final rejection when they are
not. The action of Congress is necessary before
such an adjustment can tyke place.
EXPLORATION AND SURVEYS.
A report is presented from the officer in charge
of the office of explorations and surveys, oxhibite
in0, the operations that have been conducted under
this officer during the past year.
The military road from Fort Walla-Walla to
Fort Benton, for which a special appropriation
was made, has been commenced, and nearly two
hundred and sixty miles of it completed. Steam-
