THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixtii Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1860.
New Series.....No. 28,
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I renew my de-
mand for the floor. I am entitled to it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
the gentleman proceeding further until members
shall have resumed their seats.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Does the Clerk
recognize my right to the floor?
The CLERK. The Clerk does; but the Clerk
also asks the gentleman to suspend his remarks
until order is restored.
Mr. PEYTON. Order has been restored, and I
hope that thegentleinan will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the gentleman yield
the floor to me ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I think not; I
do not want to excite further dispute, but to calm
this difficulty.
The CLERK. The Clerk will make a state-
ment to the House. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Harris] was upon the floor by the
unanimous consent of the House, and he yielded
it to ceitain gentlemen for explanation. After the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. McRae] had
concluded his explanation, the gentleman from
Maryland was by the consent of the House en-
titled to the floor to proceed with his remarks.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I wish to pro-
ceed now.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to say that if these
tilings are to continue in the future, I must bring
a double-barreled shot-gun into the House with
me. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am sorry to
find that my friend from Louisiana is disposed to
make game of the House. [Renewed laughter.]
I do not know, Mr. Clerk, precisely how this
excitement sprang up. I Had nothing to do with
it myself; but I think the very best evidence the
members of the House can now give of their con-
sciousness of what is due to their own self-re-
spect, and of their recognition of the imperative
necessity resting upon them to preserve that de-
corum which is due both to the body of which
they arc members, and the people they represent,
is to show, by their conduct now, that these tem-
porary excitements can be quieted as speedily as
they arc raised, and to determine that never again
will they permit such a scene to be renewed upon
this floor. [Applause in the galleries.]
Now, Mr. Clerk, I am not surprised that there
should be some passion and excitement evinced
at this session, in view of some peculiar circum-
stances that have occurred in the country and in
the House; and it is natural that the discussions
of the House upon these delicate and alarming
subjects, should have exhibited the excited feel-
ing they were so well calculated to produce; but,
however much gentlemen may have felt justified
in speaking under such impulses under these cir-
cumstances, I know there is not a man here who
is not capable of rising above all these personal and
sectional irritations, and showing himself, what
we all ought to be, the decorous and dignified
Representatives of a great nation. [Applause m
the galleries.]
Now, I want to say a word on the subject which
preceded this sharp discussion.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the gentleman let me
say a single word ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I prefer not now.
I say it with great courtesy. I prefer not to do
so at this moment.
Mr. CLEMENS. One word.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I will not. [Ap-
plause in the galleries.] I have manifested a dis-
position, as the House has seen, during the whole
. morning, to be courteous in the extreme to every
gentleman who desired to speak while I held the
floor. At what I conceive to be a better time, I
will give the gentleman from Virginia an oppor-
tunity to say what he desires to say. I do not
want to yield the floor at present to any one. I
want the House to get over this flurry, ana go to
something else. I want to change the current of
feeling, that there may be no renewal inside the
walls of this House of any of these personal alter-
cations.
28
When I raised the point upon which this whole
discussion sprang up, I did not dream, I assure
you, that I was going to bring out the different
gentlemen of that conference committee in any
explanations as to what had occurred in their
meeting, I only proposed to call the attention of
the House to what I thought a most sensible and
excellent resolution on the subject of the Helper
book; and this discussion has shown that the
various gentlemen of the different parties on that
conference committee concur with me in the view
that it is a good and fitting resolution for this
House to adopt. The reason I propose to bring
up that substitute, in preference to asking a direct
vote on the proposition of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, is this: I understand that those who have
charge of the points of order which take prece-
denceof the resolution of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, are willing to withdraw them for this sub-
stitute; and now, without further discussion, I put
it to the good sense of the House whether it will
not achieve a practical and desirable result by
allowing these gentlemen to withdraw the motions
and points of order that precede the resolution of
the gentleman from Missouri; and then let a vote
be taken at once on this resolution, as a substitute
for that of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Clark,] and the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Gilmer.] And I ask tfie gentlemen who
have raised these points of order, whether or not
they are willing to withdraw them 5 I believe my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] raised
a point in connection with the plurality rule, and
1 ask him if he will waive its precedence m this
view3
Mr. HICKMAN. I have always said I will
not be any harrier, at any time, to the organiza-
tion of tlus House; and 1 am perfectly willing, so
far as I am concerned, to dispose of all questions
upon the Journal without further debate; or I am
perfectly willing that they should all be with-
drawn, if, by doing so, gentlemen think an organ-
ization of the House can be advanced.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I would like to
know of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] who, I believe, has pending a prc-
liminnry point of order, whether he is willing to
waive it?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am willing
to take a vote upon that point of order instantly *
without further debate; and, if the House thinks
anything but the election of a Speaker ism order,
to vote upon the pending resolutions with pleas-
ure; but I cannot depart from the principle which
1 have stood by for five weeks, without stultifying
myself. 1 am willing to vote upon it without fur-
ther debate; and if it is overruled to vote upon
the resolution the gentleman proposes to submit.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. If the House
would allow a vote now to be taken upon that
point of order, the matter would be relieved of
one great difficulty. I think the point might as
well be voted upon at this time as any other. I
do not hear any objection to it at all.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 did not under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania to raise
a point of order at all.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania I did make
the point that all these resolutions wen- out of
order, and X say it now. They arc so, according
to my judgment.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the gentleman from
Maryland allow me to move that the House now
proceed to a ballot foi Speaker?
Mr. NOELL. Will not the point of order of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania cut off the res-
olution of the gentleman from Missouri?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 will not, as far
as I am concerned, yield to another ballot, until I
have exhausted all my power to bring the House,
to a vote upon my resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the gentleman
from Maryland through ?
Mr. HARRIS,of Maryland. Not quite.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I trust the
gentleman will allow no further interruption.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania insists upon a vote upon his
point of order, and the House-will not allow it to be
taken, I suppose, in the position of things here, the
Clerk not feeling himself authorized to make any
decision upon points of order, and where, upon any
objection, members may get up and debate as long
as they please, there is no hope of netting a vote
upon this resolution to-day. I had been told that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
would waive his point, as Mr. Hickman, bis col-
league, had waived his, and that we should be
able to reach a vote upon the resolution at once.
But, as he declines, I will, whenever it becomes
possible, offer the resolution which has been read
at the Clerk's desk as a substitute for the pend-
ing resolution.
1 will say one word more, and then I will yield
to the gentlertianfrom Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,]
who is a member of that committee, and who de-
sires to make an explanation. But before I do so,
I will yield, in advance, with great pleasure, to
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens ,] who
wished me to do so a few moments ago.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist upon my point of
order, if the floor is to be yielded to any gentle-
man not a member of that committee.
Mr. CLEMENS. I only desire to sa^, and the
gentleman from Kentucky will not object to it,
that I have witnessed here to-day what I trust,
as a member of this House, and as a member of
the Virginia delegation, it may never be my for-
tune to witness again, whether in public or private
life. Standing about four feet from the gentleman
from New York—I mean Mr. Haskin—and when
he replied to the remark made by his colleague
that u it was none of his business," and said that
he had impertinently said something which he •
ought not to have said, he put his hand upon his
breast, his coat buttoned by two brass but-
tons 
[Loud cries of" Order'" " Order!*' all over the
Hall.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I did not yield
the floor with the expectation that the gentleman
would make any renewed reference to the matter
which transpired a short time ago, and from which
I have endeavored to draw the attention of the
House. I thought the gentleman merely desired
to make a personal explanation, and I decline to
yield the floor to him for such a purpose. I sur-
render it to my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Hill.]
Mr. HILL. Then I have the floor by the per-
mission of the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. BURNETT. I was opposed to the floor
being yielded to the gentleman from Virginia; but
I now insist that the floor having been yielded to
him, he is entitled to it, and cannot be deprived
of it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The remarks of the
gentleman from Virginia have a tendency to add
fuel to the fire, and to increase the excitement and
persona) fueling which prevails. I object to them.
[Cries of "Order!'' "Urder!"]
Mr. CLEMENS. Yielding to the solicitations
of my colleagues and other gentlemen, I suspend
for the present the lemarks I intended to make
with the distinct enunciation that whenever I can
in a proper form bring before the country the facts
which transpired in this House a few moments
ago, and for which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haskin] ought to be politically responsible
to his constituents, I shall do it. [Loud cries of
" Order !" and great confusion m the Hall.]
.Mr. McPHERSON. I wish to state 
The CLERK. The Clerk will entertain no
proposition until gentlemen take their seats.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Clerk, it certainly was no ex-
pectation of mine that the events of to-day would
have followed the meeting of that committee of
consultation. If 1 had thought it would have pro-
diiccd such disorder, 1 would never have consented
to be one of its members. [Noise and confusion
in the Hail.] ) wish what I say to be heard, i
think it may interest gentlemen m connection with
what transpired in that committee, how it hap-
pened to come together, and how its action hap-
pened to be as it was. I never in my life aspired
