434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
io get up a committee of that sort. I was, how-
ever, invited by a distinguished member of the
Democratic party to meet certain gentlemen,kt a
particular place and time indicated, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining if anything could be agreed
upon by the respective parties who were here, in
opposition to the Republican party, to facilitate
the organization of the House. I very freely ex-
pressed, at the time, my apprehension that noth-
ing of that character could be effected; but I was
willing to confer with gentlemen, and to see what
might be done to bring about so desirable a re-
sult.
The committee met, and, after discussing vari-
ous subjects in connection with the possibility of
electing a member of the Democratic party or of
the American party or of the anti-Lecompton
Democratic party Speaker of the House, and ut-
terly despairing of agreeing on any plan to accom-
plish such a result, we proceeded to other con-
siderations.
The only reason why I now choose to advert
to what was done on that occasion is, because,
perhaps, it is in a great degree attributable to
something which I brought before the committee.
After my colleague [Mr. Crawford] left the com-
mittee, 1 mentioned an objection that had been
argued on the Democratic side of the House as
an objection to the election of the distinguished
gentleman from .North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,]
who had been so often voted for by the American
party. I inquired of the Democratic members
present whether it was true, that Mr. Gilmer
was peculiarly obnoxious to the Democratic party
because of his opposition to the Lecompton bill,
or whether it was for some other reason ? I said
that I had heard it asserted on the Democratic
side of the Chamber, that it was because he had
offered his substitute lor the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] as it was
believed, for the purpose of breaking the force of
that resolution as an intended blow at the Repub-
lican party. It was not considered on that occa- :
sion that such was the chief objection to Mr.
Gilmer. I brought this matter before the com-
mittee, and we conferred upon it. It was an object
of patriotic interest, tn my judgment, to see if j
somethingcould not bo done that would harmonize ]
the friends of the resolution of the gentleman from •
Missouri, and the friends of the substitute offered 1
by the gentleman from North Carolina. The j
resolution that was agreed upon has been made !
known to the House. I do not scruple to say j
here that the preamble and resolution were, in
some degree, the work of my own hands in con-
junction with other gentlemen; and I take this
occasion to state that the sentiments of both still
meet my approbation. It is no matter of objection
to them in my mind—but rather a recommenda-
tion—that they may have been more agreeable, to
the Republican side of the Chamber, than the ;
resolution of the gentleman from Missouri. '
For my own part i would be glad to see every j
member of this House conservative enough, true 1
enough to the Constitution and the host interests of
the country, to sustain, as I believe his duty should J
compel him to do, that preamble and resolution, i
That was the opinion of all present. It seemed •
a happy thought with most of them, and agreeable :
to all. Imagine my surprise in taking up the New
York papers on Tuesday morning, to discover a :
partial report of what had transpired in the com-
mittee. j was confounded, because, bke the gen- 1
tleman from North Caiolma, I had seen no pos-
sibility of there being any one concealed within ;
the chamber where the meeting took place, to
have reported what we had done. No one \\
knew me would be!ie\<> nv capable of givmir
foimation of what had occurred, when ii was
agreed that it was not to be mad** public. I had
never spoken of the action of that committee, nor ,
even of its having assembled, until alter i saw it 1
in a New York paper, and until after I saw it :
stated who were there. It was correctly stated
es to six gentlemen out of the ten, four names be-
ing omitted, my own name being one of the six.
The resolution was in character similar to the ■
one which wasactuallyadopted. This, of course,
.surprised me. I do not say how it got out unless ■
some gentleman had carelessly confided too much
ro a friend, and that friend had given it to the
winds, or intrusted it to a newspaper reporter, ,
which is about the same thing  j
A Member. Worse. ;
■ who
• m-
Mr. HILL. Yes, worse—unless he had given
it to the lightning reporters. Now, sir, I stated
very frankly what occurrcd. I was exceedingly
rejoiced to find nine gentlemen, representing dif-
ferent political organizations, coming together;
and who, if they could not agree as to who could
be elected Speaker, and could not see a probabil-
ity of electing a man belonging to either of these
three political organizations of which I have
spoken—the Democratic, anti-Lecompton Dem-
ocratic, or American—that they could agree upon
such a resolution as we did adopt, calculated to
have a healing and soothing influence upon this
House. It had occurred to me before, and on
this occasion I repeat it, that the extreme resolu-
tion of my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,]
even if just, was impolitic, and for these reasons:
thatif perchance it could be adopted bythe House,
it would be only by a majority of one or two
votes, at furthest, and then if, after the adoption
of the resolution, the plurality rule should obtain,
of which I had great fears, and if, under the plu-
rality rule, the distinguished gentleman from Olno,
the nominee of the Republican party, should be
elected Speaker of this House, it would present
the humiliating spectacle to this nation that the
majority of this House had declared him to be
unfit to be Speaker, and yet, after having done
so, under the operation of the plurality rule he
should be placed in that chair.
1 do not desire to see this state of things. It
would be exceedingly awkward, it seems to me,
for intercourse of a friendly character to go on
between the occupant of that chair and the mem-
bers of this House who had stigmatized hnn for
acts he had done as unworthy to occupy it.
Then, again, if the resolution failed of adop-
tion, what would bo the effect of that? Why it
would go abroad to the country, that it was no
matter of objection with the American House of
Representatives to a candidate for the Speaker-
ship, that he had indorsed this incendiary book,
of which so much has been said; and notwith-
standing it was charged upon him, that he had
advocated and sought to give publicity and force
to the incendiary sentiments contained in that
work, the House had determined that he was
worthy of being Speaker and did not merit cen-
sure for having given his influence to that book.
Taking this view of the subject, I did not think
it could effect any practical good, and hence I
doubted the propriety of the adoption of that res-
olution at all. And licrc I repeat, that the reso-
lution which met the approbation of that self-con-
stituted committee of conference, who spoke for
nobody but themselves, (I certainly never as-
sumed to speak for any one but myself,) does
contain my sentiments. I think that any gen-
tleman who to-day believes that those extracts
which have been read from the Helper book con-
vey correct sentiments, who desires the wicked
purposes and objects of that author to be carried
out, and who vindicates that work here to-day, is
not fit to be Speaker of the American Congress.
I trust that the honorable John Sherman himself
will not disagree with me m that opinion. I will
state, in perfect frankness, that it is no objection
to the resolution, in my opinion, that Mr. Sher-
man himself could stand upon it. I think that it,
m fact, covers all that is contained in the resolu-
tion of th" gentleman from Missouri, stripped of
the obnoxious character of that resolution, whieh
deprives Mr. Sherman of all chance for explana-
tion, as I conceive, and leaves his error, as one
for which no atonement can be made, no matter
if he Iv ever so penitent.
Something hos been said m this heated debate
about this "Sabbath committee," 1 believe by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haskin.]
Well", sir, we did meet on Sunday; and i happen
to have been brought up myself by, I think, as
religious a father as any gentleman on this floor
could boast of; a gentleman who was for sixty
yeais and more a leading member of one church;
arid he taught me a lesson which I have never
forgotten: it was that practical religion belonged
to no particular day; that the man who had any
'religion worth naming would carry it with him
all the time- from Monday morning to Monday
morning again. I am not such a stickler about
the Sabbath day as some gentlemen may be. It
is a holy day, and I believe u to be an invaluable
one, especially to the laboring men of this Chris-
tian world; but if I can be instrumental in doing
good to my country on that day, I think I am
performing both a patriotic and religious work.
Mr. LAMAR. I will merely suggest to the
gentleman that it is said there are no Sundays in
revolutionary times. I believe the battle of which
the 8th of January is the anniversary was fought
on Sunday.
Mr. HILL. That is a very happy suggestion,
and I thank my friend for it. It was at first sug-
gested that the committee should meet on Satur-
day evening, but the House adjourned late and
we could not get them together. That is the ex-
planation 1 have to make.
Now, sir, these preliminary matters have been
stated by the distinguished gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. McRae,] and I will not refer to
them. This was to be our crowning work—the
adoption of this resolution was all we could ac-
complish; and we were to endeavor to get our
respective friends to vote for it, to strive to pro-
duce a better state of feeling, if possible. I con-
fess that one great purpose 1 had in view was to
disabuse the Democratic mind, not only of the
House, but of the country, in regard to Hon.
John A. Gilmer, of Nortli Carolina, in relation
to his having attempted to shield, in any manner,
or to relieve the Republican party, or any of those
gentlemen who signed the recommendation of the
Helper book, from any censure they might meiit,
provided they adhered to this inconsiderate and
improper recommendation.
While talking on this subject, I beg to make
one more remark, and that, is in relation to the
resolution of my friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Gilmer.] I stated with equal frankness before the
committee that, while I approved every sentiment
contained in those resolutions, J knew very well
that there are gentlemen upon this floor, for whom
I have the highest regard, who do not reverence
these platforms of the Democracy and the old
Whip, party in 1852, nor the settlement made in
1850, commonly called the compromise, as I rev-
erence them. 1 am unwilling to say that no gen-
tleman upon this side of the Chamber who dis-
agrees with me on those questions is worthy to be
the Speaker of this House. I know that there are
gentlemen of high character and capacity who
have very little, if any, regard at all for the com-
promise measures of 1850; that there are many
southern gentlemen who look upon them as the
reverse of the opinion held of them by northern
gentlemen; that some southern men regard them
as a concession to the North, while certain ex-
treme northern men look upon them as a surren-
der to the South. It is a mere matter of opinion;
and I am unwilling to say, because a gentleman
holds that opinion, that he is unworthy to be
Speaker of this House.
On Tuesday, after having seen this publication,
I called on the distinguished chairman of the con-
feieiH'c committee, Governor Win slow, of Noith
Carolina, to know why he did not proceed in the
work which lie had carved out? I received from
him the same reasons that he has given here to-
day. It had got abroad he said, and I will not
repeat what he said about his not feeling the same
interest in it as he did the day before.
Mr. HASKLIN. With the gentleman's consent,
I would like to have the floor for five minutes, for
a personal explanation. I want to say a word or
two in reference to the scene which took place
here sometime since, which has been referred to
bythe gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Clkmens,]
and which I regret as much as any member upon
thjyp floor.
Air. BURNETT. I object, unless the gentle-
man from New York will say that, in his expla-
nation, he will not indulge in any reflections upon
any member upon this floor.
Mr. HASK1N. I do say so.
Mi. Clerk, 1 want to make a personal explana-
tion that will put me right before this House, the
country, and my constituents. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Clemens] has alluded to the
fact, that a fire-arm had fallen upon the floor of
this Chamber, while I was addressing the House.
It is due to truth to state, that while I was upon
the floor, excited perhaps, because of what I con-
ceived at the time to be a harsh and unjust retnaik
of my-"colleague, [Mr. Clark,] a pistol which I
had ill the breast-pocket of my coat accidentally
fell to the floor. Permit me to add, that no man
who knows me at home, would believe for one
moment, that 1 could ever use a pistol in any
