12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
boats can navigate the Oregon river to Port Walla-
Walla, and. the Missouri river to Fort Benton,
thus affording, excepting for the distance of six
hundred miles, a line of steamboat communica-
tion between the Atlantic and Pacific across the
widest portion of our possessions. Without con-
sidering the facilities which the construction of a
road over the interval referred to would afford to
emigrants traversing that portion of the continent,
in a military point of view it is of very great im-
portance. Among the most powerful of our Indian
tribes are those which inhabit the regions at either
end of the proposed line. To keep these Indians
in subjection, to have the moans of transporting
troops and materials rapidly and at small cost
from one section to the other, and to build up
communities on the upper waters of the Oregon
and Missouri strong enough to dispense with
military protection and to furnish supplies to a
column inarching over, are objects that render
the work a measure of sound economy, if not of
necessity itself. A further appropriation for its
completion is now necessary. Reliable informa-
tion has been recently furnished to the Depart-
ment of the existence of great mineral wealth in
the mountains through which a portion of the
road passes.
The experiment of sinking artesian wells upon
the public lands has been further prosecuted, but
still without attaining the desired results; and, the
appropriation for the object having become ex-
hausted, it was directed that the work should be
suspended. The details of the experiments are
setfoitlim the accompanying reports. It may
be considered now as demonstrated that, to bring
water from subterranean streams, to overflow the
surface of the great western plains, is, for any
reasonable amount of expenditure, impracticable.
An expedition was organized, during the past
season, to explore the country in the vicinity of
the San Juan river of Mew Mexico, and to search
for a practicable route through that region, be-
tween Santa Fe and the southern settlements of
Utah. This duty has been completed, but the
results have not yet been laid before the Depart-
ment.
A second expedition was sent into the Terri-
tory of Nebraska to explore certain tributaries of
tile Yellow Stone, the sources of that river, and
of the Missouri. A portion of its labors has
been accomplished, awl the operations will be re-
sumed in the ensuing spring.
A large amount of geographical and scientific
information has been added, at small cost, through
the labors of the different field parties, to our
knowledge of the resources of the regions west of
the Mississippi. Considerable tracts of country
yet remain unknown, and the economy of con-
tinuing these explorations is evident, when it is
considered that they open the country to travel;
develop its mineral and agricultural wealth;
shorten, and afford new information concerning
emigrantrout.es, and designate those portions of,
the wild territory that are susceptible of settle-
ment. Very great benefits to the whole country
would be derived, beyond all doubt, by furnish-
ing from the office of explorations and surveys a
moderate supply of geographical maps of the
United States and Territories. An opportunity
now presents itself by which the preparation of a
complete geographical map, by some of the ablest
men of science in America, can be secured at a
very reasonable rate of compensation. No simi-
lar expenditure would result in anything like an
equal benefit to the country at large.
Experience has demonstrated that, to insure the
most effective and economical performance of the
duties connected with reoonnoissanc.es, surveys,
and explorations, a company of enlisted men, of
a similar organization to that of the sappers and
miners, should be added to the corps of topo-
graphical engineers. These men would be. under
the command and instruction of the officers of that
corps, and would furnish to parties in the field,
with a groat saving of public money, thoroughly
trained assistants m place of inexperienced'em-
ployes. I would recommend that such a company,
not to exceed fifty in number, should be estab-
lished by law.
I would respectfully invite your attention to the
report of Lieutenant Michler, who, under assign-
ment of the War Department, was engaged upon
the survey of an inter-oceanic ship canal near the
Isthmus of Darien, via the Atrato and Truando
rivers. Since his return from the scene of his field
operations, considerable progress has been made
in the reduction of observations and preparing the
maps, until the want of means compelled him to
suspend progress and discharge the computers and
draughtsmen. The valuable information procured
by Lieutenant Michler should not be left in its
unfinished condition in the archives of the bureau,
to prevent which a smalf appropriation will be
required.
The wagon road upon the thirty-fifth parallel,
reaching from Fort Smith, Arkansas, to the Col-
orado of the West, is completed as far as the
appropriations would do it. It is now sufficient
for any travel of troops, military supplies, or emi-
grants. This route abounds in grass and water;
offering very great advantages at this time for
travel, which will be still further enhanced when
the posts contemplated shall have been added to
those already on the line.
Affairs in the Territory of Utah remain very
much as at the date of my last annual report. The
army is inactive, and stands in fhe attitude of a
menacing force towards a conquered and sullen
people. I am satisfied that the preservation of
right and justice, through the means of any juris-
prudence known or recognized by the people of
the United States, is impossible in that Territory.
It is governed, practically, by a system which is
in total disregard of the laws or Constitution of
the land. The. laws of the Mormon church and
the will of the hierarchy are alone potential there.
Beyond a mere outward show of acquiescence in
Federal authority, they are as irresponsible to it
as any foreign nation.
There is, in the presentattitude of affairs, scarce-
ly any necessity for the presence of troops in
Utah, and they will be otherwise disposed of in
the coming season. There are no complaints of
Indian hostilities towards the Mormon people.
All other Territories and people upon our vast !
frontiers suffer from Indian depredations, but the j
Mormon people enjoy an immunity from all their j
outrages. For the protection of these people j
against Indians, there is no necessity for the pros- i
ence of a single soldier. Murders and robberies i
of the most atrocious character have been pei- ,
petrated in the Territory upon emigrants from the |
States journeying towards the Pacific, and in some
of the most shocking instances by white men dis- ;
guised as Indians. The general impression, so I
far as I have been able to ascertain it, among ;
those having opportunity to know, is that these j
murders are tin1 work of the Mormon people them- I
selves, sanctioned, if not directed, by the author- \
ity of the Mormon church. j
I cannot commend 111 terms too high the wise
prudence and officerlike conduct of the general
commanding the army m Utah. The discipline !
of his command is admirable, and its efficiency j
is unsurpassed. Much has been done through i
the army under command of General Johnston ;
towards improving the roads in Utah, and to ejivo
to the public a fuller knowledge of the condition \
and resources,of the Territory. Captain J. H.
Simpson, of the topographical engineers, has, I
during the past season, explored and opened two t
new routes from Camp Floyd to California, either [
of which is about two hundred and fifty miles ]
shorter than the old emigrant route by the way 1
of the Humboldt river, and far better for grass,
wood, and water. Over both these routes he con- !
ducted a party of sixty-five men and a train of 1
fourteen wagons, and, since his return to Camp !
Floyd, many emigrants with large herds of cattle I
have passed over tile route by which he returned, j
which is the better of the two. Itineraries for 1
both have been furnished to the public through i
the press in California and Utah. The savingln !
time of tiv.v 1 by these roads to emigrants for Cal-
ifornia is about fifteen days, and for the mails
about four. The saving 111 stock and draught
cattle on these routes over those formerly trav-
eled, owing to pure water and abundant grass, is
estimated at twenty-five per cent. Captain Simp-
son has also, under the instructions of General i
Johnston, found a new wagon road pass from the
valley of the Great S^t Lake, by the way of the
Timpanagos river valley and Des Chesnes fork of
the Uinta river, into the valley of Green river,
which will shorten the route pursued by Colonel
Loring from Camp Floyd to Santa Fe probably
as much as eighty miles; and should a practicable
pass be found through the Rocky Mountains, by
the way of White river, through the middle part
between the headwaters of the Arkansas and the
Cache La Poudre, a tributary of the Platte, a
wagon road will be obtained through the Pike's
Peak gold region, which will be considerably
shorter to the States than any we now have.
More than the usual amount of disturbance has
occurred during the past summer upon nearly the
whole line of our Texan frontier. Brevet Major
General Twiggs, then the commander of that de-
partment, during the early spring, issued orders
for the abandonment of Fort Brown, and the con-
centration of the troops at other points upon the
frontier higher up the Rio Grande. Doubtless
that officer supposed that no danger was likely
to follow from withdrawing the troops from a
point opposite to a large and flourishing Mexican
town at a time when we were at peace with that
country. But these well-grounded expectations
were disappointed. The banditti which abound
in that part of Mexico mustered their forces,
crossed the river, and, after plundering some
ranchos in the neighborhood, threatened to sack
and burn the town of Brownsville. Immediately
upon receiving information of the danger which
threatened the inhabitants, a force sufficient for
their protection was sent to their defense. There
is every reason to believe that tranquillity is re-
stored to that quarter of the State.
The condition of things along the whole extent
of our Mexican boundary, some sixteen hundred
miles in length, demands imperatively that Con-
gress should adopt a policy which shall give peace
and security to our citizens, and render punish-
ment for crimes committed upon them by Mexi-
can banditti, and savages residing within Mexican
territory, prompt and certain. The chaotic con-
dition of the Mexican Government throughout the
northern provinces renders every hope of the res-
toration of order by public authority utterly vain.
Indeed, the local governments, if they deserve the
name, encourage and perpetrate many of these
wrongs. Our teriitory has been entered by them,
our citizens have been robbed and murdered,
whilst the perpetrators of the crimes pass across
the borders, and claim immunity from pursuit and
chastisement by our troops under the treaty stip-
ulations of peace between the two Confederacies.
These treaty stipulations, so far as they protect
our citizens in the territories of Mexico, are con-
temned and despised. Our people, either resident
or transient in their territories, are imprisoned,
robbed, and banished without even the form of
trial, and with 110 moie authority than the arbi-
trary order of some potty usurper who may hold
temporarily a local command. This condition of
things is no less hurtful to Mexican interests than
to our own. Their settlements have rapidly re-
ceded before the incursions of the Indian tribes,
which, from the anarchy that prevails, they are
unable to repel; and in some places deserts many
hundred miles in extent have been created by the
savages out of settlements once prosperous, happy,
and secure. These wastes abound in climate,
soil, and mineral wealth unsurpassed by any on
the continent; and instead of affording a home for
a thrifty and peaceful population, constitute a har-
bor and a hiding-place for savages and banditti,
where they live securely, and from whence they
issue at will to ravage our country and murder
our people. Any action of Congress which would
remedy this state of things would be a groat ben-
efit to the Mexican people and a blessing to our
own.
HARPER S FERIty.
The recent conspiracy and effort at insurrection
and plunder attempted at Harper's Ferry con-
stitutes altogether one of the most surprising and
startling episodes in the history of our country.
A fanatical man, stimulated to recklessness and
desperation by the constant teachings and intem-
perate appeals of wild and treasonable enthusiasts,
unrestrained by the Constitution and laws of the
