1454:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
law he- has no right to look into the accounts.
Mr. Woodson is charged with losing two sacks
of public documents, and he is able at this time
to explain their loss satisfactorily.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Is there any report ac-
companying the bill ?
The SPEAKER. There is not. .
Mr, CRAIG, of Missouri. I have a written
report, but I left it upon my table at my room.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Does not the bill provide
for the payment of some money to Colonel Wood-
son ?
; Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If the gentleman
will listen for a moment. I will explain the whole
matteV. Colonel Woodson was a mail contractor
under the late Postmaster General. He was re-
ported by some postmaster out West for having
lost two sacks of public documents belonging to
the Delegate from Utah. Before ho had an oppor-
tunity to explain the loss, his accounts were set-
tled". • The late Postmaster General having- gone
out of office, the present Postmaster General says
that, under the law, he cannot reopen Colonel
Woodson's accounts. Colonel Woodson is now
prepared to make an explanation of the loss of
these books. The bill does not make an appro-
priation, but merely authorizes the Postmaster
General to hear the explanation that Colonel
Woodson has to make.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Does it not authorize the
payment of money ?
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. Two thousand dol-
lai's of Colonel Woodson'spay was withheld as a
stoppage, as it is called, for the loss of these two
sacks of public documents. He neglected, during
the time of the late' Postmaster General, to make
his excuse; but he is ready to make it at this time.
But the present Postmaster General tells us that
the law requires him to leave untouched the ac-
counts adjusted and settled under his predecessors.
He is willing to hear what excuse Colonel Wood-
son has to make, but he cannot do so under the
law.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Let the bill be again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Was not this claim reject-
ed by the last House of Representatives?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. No, sir.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am under the impres-
sion that this bill was defeated at the last session.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, at the last ses-
sion, unanimously authorized me to report a lull
for the relief of Samuel H. Woodson. 1 presented
the bill to the House; but it was not considered,
because, being taken up on objection day, the
single objection of a gentleman from Pennsylvania
prevented its passage. I did not get the iloor af- |
terwmds during that session. i
Mr. BURNETT. Ideshe the gentleman from [
Missouri to tell the llou.sc whether he has any !
statement from the Post OfKee Department allow- |
ing that this House ought to consider and pass
this bill?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have a verbal
statement from the clerk who acted upon the ac-
counts of Colonel Woodson.
Mr. TAPPAN. As this bill is likely to lead to
discussion, I call for the regular order of business.
Mr. CR.A1G, of Missouri. It will not lead to
discussion. 1 will only say one word in reply to
the gentleman from Kentucky. The officer who
acted upon Colonel Woodson's account has in-
formed me, in conversation, that if he had under-
stood the case at the time as he now understands
it, he would not have acted as he did. It is a
manifestly just bill, and ought to pass. I believe
I could get a letter from that officer in five min-
utes.
Mr. HATTON. The statement of the gentle-
man from Missouri is amply sufficient and satis-
factory.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri will get a report from the Post Office De-
partment on the subject, withdrawing the bill for
the time for that purpose, I will make no objec-
tion to the bill. It seems to me that a bill direct-
ing the Post Office Department to reopen and re-
adjustaccountslike this one of Colonel Woodson,
carries with it an implied direction to the Depart-
ment that the account shall be .readjusted, upon
the principles set up by the party himself. There
is no report, and 110 communication from the De-
partment on the subject, lam not familiar enough
with the laws regulating the Post Office Depart-
ment, and the conduct of mail carriers, to say
upon what law or laws the Postmaster General
deducts §2,000 for the loss of two bags of public
documents. I cannot inform the Hpuse why he
deducts 01,000 a bag.
Mr. TAPPAN. I call for the regular order of
business
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order of
business, and the question is upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to refer the bill to
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
harvey allen.
Mr. ADAMS, of Kentucky, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported a
bill for the relief of Harvey Allen, of Wisconsin;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
metropolitan gas light company.
Mr. CARTER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the in-
corporation of the Metropolitan Gas Light Com-
pany.
Mr. BARR. That is not a private bill, and I
object.
ground for public schools.
Mr. CARTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill directing the conveyance of a lot
of ground for the use of public schools in the city
of Washington; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
east washington library association.
Mr. CARTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill to incorporate the East Washing-
ton Library Association.
Mr. ASHMORE. These are not private bills,
and I object to them.
Mr. CARTER. Dees the Speaker decide that
this is not a private bill?
The SPEAKER. He does not. If it refers to
a private corporation, it is a private bill.
The bill was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
metropolitan oas light company—again.
Mr. CARTER. I now report the bill for in-
corporating the Metropolitan Gas Light Company
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. FLORENCE. Thatisapublicbill,though
the corpoiation may, in the estimation of the
Speaker, be private; and I have no doubt it is,
judging from the price they charge for gas.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
a piivate bill.
The bill was then read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
german benevolent society.
Mr. EDGER.TON. I am instructed, by the
Committee for the District of Columbia to. report
a bill extending the chartoi'incorporatingtheGer-
man Benevolent Society of the city of Washing-
ton, ill the District of Columbia, approved July
27, 1442; and to ask that the same bo pat upon
its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Air. EDGERTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
john ripley's limits.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to have entered a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the sev-
eral bills for the relief of the heirs of Major John
Ripley, and ofthe legal representatives of Francis
Chaudonet, were passed this morning.
The motion was entered.
sheets & carter.
Mr. BARRETT I move that the Commit-
tee of the Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of the adverse report of the
Court of Claims No. 205, vipon the petition of
Lydia R. Shreve and Walker R. Carter, admin-
istrators of Henry M. Shreve, and that the same
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reference to these adverse
reports of the Court of Claims, I would like to
know whether the report accompanying the decis-
ion of the Court of Claims accompanies the case.
The SPEAKER. All the papers in the case go
with the reference.
Mr. HOUSTON. I find occasionally upon the
Calendar claims reported favorably by the com-
mittee, which have been adversely reported upon
by the Court of Claims, while only the action
of the committee is cited on the Calendar; so
that those of us who do not act specially upon
the case in the committee, are not advised of all
thp facts. Therefore, I desire that the report of
the court shall follow the case, so that the whole
action upon it may go with it to the committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. There are often errors in
the Calendar. It often happens that there is equity
in a claim, and the court so report, and their re-
port comes hero as an adverse report, while it is
m no way an adverse report. Therefore, it is
proper that all the papers coming from the court
should follow the case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Alabama that lie supposes
that all the papers in the case should be printed.
"ross wilkins and others.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, an act (S. No. 66) to author-
ize and direct the settlement of the accounts of
Ross Wilkins, James Withered, and Solomon
Sibley; which was laid on the table.
sieur de bonne and others.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, an act (S. No. 92) authorizing the
court to adjudicate the claim of the legal repre-
sentatives of the Sieur de Bonne and the Cheva-
lier de Repentigny to certain lands at Sault Ste.
Marie, in the State of Michigan; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
ulizabeth m. cocke.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back, with an amendment, an
act (S. No. 81) for the relief of Elizabeth M. Cocke,
widow of James H. Cocke, late marshal ofthe dis-
trict of Texas.
The bill which was read, after reciting that the
United States, on the 29th of April, 1857, recov-
ered judgment against Elizabeth M. Cocke, ad-
ministratrix of James H. Cocke, late marshal,
and his sureties, before the district court for the
eastern district ofTexas, for the sum of$2,041 93,
and it being made to appear that it would be just
and equitable that the collection of the judgment
should not at this time be enforced, directs that
no execution for the amount of the principal and
interest due on said judgment shall be issued, and
that the same be suspended until sufficient time
be allowed under the laws and according to the
usual form of legal proceedings in Texas for the
administratrix to prosecute to a final judgment a
suit against Henry B. Martin, deputy marshal of
James H. Cocke, who received and embezzled the
money for which said judgment in favor of the
United States vs. Elizabeth M. Cocke, adminis-
tratrix, was rendered.
The following is the amendment reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert us
follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and hereby is, au-
thorizedto stay the ib&uanee of execution on said judgment
for such time as in bis opinion will enable said administra-
trix to piosecute to final judgment a suit against Henry B.
Martin, deputy marshal of said James H. Cocke, who re-
ceived and embezzled the money for which said judgment
in favor of the Uryted States r,s. said Elizabeth M. Cocke,
administratrix, as aforesaid, was rendered: Provided, how-
ever, That betore such stay of execution shall be granted,
the securities of said James II. Cocke shall enter their con-
sent thereto on the records of the court in which said judg-
ment was rendered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was read the third time, and passed
