1859.]
36tii Coxa... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
13
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
land, by the precepts of religion, by the appeals
of humanity or of mercy, formed a conspiracy to
make a sudden descent upon the people of har-
per's Perry, to rob the arsenal, plunder the public
property, and stir up servile insurrection. The
plan devised, and the mode of executing it, were
such as to promise every hope of success. The
conspirators rented a farm in the Suite of Mary-
land J within a few miles of Harper's Ferry, where
they remained for some months, apparently fol-
lowing peaceful, probably useful pursuits; during
which time they look effectual means to conciliate
lift kind feelings of the people of the adjacent
country, and particularly those of the village of
Harper's Ferry. They became perfectly familiar
with all the localities of the place, streets, houses,
arsenals, and workshops, so that its contemplated
seizure might bo effected at any hour of the night
without confusion or any unusual movement cal-
culated to attract attention or arouse suspicion.
They knew, perfectly, the universal and unsus-
pecting security of the entire population. Up to
the night of that attack there never was a man
within the Commonwealth of Virginia who we'nt
to his bed with the slightest apprehension of
danger from attack by citizens of the United States
in any number, from any region, or for any pur-
pose whatever. The sense of profound security
was perfeq£ and absolute. Having also no appre-
hension whatever of the slave population, (and
this assurance was fully justified by the event,)
nothing could be more favorable for the consum-
mation of the diabolical designs of the conspira-
tors. Having cut the telegraphic wires, they en-
tered, under the cover of night, unmolested and
unobserved, into the village, seized upon the sol-
itary watchman placed at the arsenal as protection
against fire only, and possessed tliemseKrs, speed-
ily, of all the buildings containing anns or suitable
for defense. The next movement was to seize
the principal men of the place, with whom their
long residence near there had made them ac-
quainted, and confine them secui.'Iy under their
own control. These arrests were made singly,
and in every instance by seveiel perfectly armed
men, who conveyed their prisoners to the place
of confinement. This process w:>s carried on
throughout the night, and extended, not only to
the village, but to the country around.
When the morningcame,and the state of things
was partially discovered, the people of the village
gathered to the scene of confusion about the ar-
senal. The conspirators now commenced a fire
upon the citizens. Then, for the first time did the
atrocious designs of these men folly appear; and,
strange as it may seem, it was only then discov-
ered that the citizens of the place were almost
wholly without arms and ammunition of any sort.
Presently, however, some arms and ammunition,
not in possession of the plunderers, were found,
when the men of the village, and those who had
assembled fiom the neighborhood, arming them-
selves, immediately returned the fire of the assail-
ants, with such effect that in the course of a few
hours they were driven from their positions, and
all either killed or wounded, with the exception
of the leader and half a dozen others of his party,
who were drive,n into an engine-house, whither
they fled for security. They carried along with
them ten or twelve of the prisoners they had
taken the night before, who were to be used as
hostages, tss tin- robbers alleged, to prevent the
fire of the citizens outside from being directed to-
wards themselves in the house where they had
taken shelter.
Throughout the whole day on Monday, from
twelve o'clock, at which time intelligence of the
outbreak reached this city, the most exag^eroted
accounts were received of the state of things at
Harper s Ferry, and the number of persons en-
gc^cl m it. Prompt measures, however, were
tihen, and Bicva Colonel Robert E. Lee, of ihe
iLv-t cavalry, was* at once summoned to take com-
mand of a detachment of marines and two com-
panies of volunteers from Frederick, Maryland,
who had promptly offered their &ervices. The
troops left this city by the afternoon tram, and,
takiur up the volunteers on the way, reached the
seee,_ of action during the night.
Tlx1 next morning, at an early houi, Colonel
Lee gave orders to the marines to attack and carry
the house where the collimators were strongly
barricaded, which was very promptly and gal-
lantly done, with the loss of one man killed, an-
other wounded. Colonel Lee's report of his pro-
ceedings is herewith communicated, which gives
all other information on the subject thought to be
of interest.
J have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD,
Secretary of War.
The President.
Report of tiie Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department, December 2, 1859.
Sir: In the month of February last the expe-
dition to Paraguay was brought to a successful
issue. By your direction I had taken the neces-
sary steps to concentrate a strong naval force of
19 vessels, carrying 200 guns and 2,500 men, well
supplied with ammunition, small arms, and what-
ever was necessary to its succcss, in the waters
of the La Plata. It consisted of the frigate Sa-
bine, Flag-officer W. B. Shubnek, Captain H.
A. Adams; the frigate St. Lawrence, Flag-officer
F. Forrest, Captain J. B. Hulhthe sloops-of-war
Falmouth. Commander E. Farrand, and Preble,
Commander T. A. Jenkins; the brigs Dolphin,
Commander Charles Steedman, Bambridgc,Lieu-
tciiant Commanding F. B. Renshaw, ancl Perry,
Lieutenant Commanding Pv. L. Tilghman; the
steamers Memphis, Commander J. B. Maiohand;
Atalanta, Commander D. B. Ridgcly; Caledonia,
Commander A. £,. Case; Southern Star, Com-
mander A. M. Pennoek; Westernport, Com-
mander T. T. Hunter;*Fulton, Lieutenant Com-
manding J. J. Almy; Water Witch, Lieutenant
Commanding It. B. Peg nun; the M. W. Chapm,
Lieutenant Commanding W.Ronckcndorff; Met-
aeomet, Lieutenant Commanding W. H. Ma-
comb; the revenue steamei HaiuetLauc, Captain
John Faunse; and the aimed store-ships Supply,
Lieutenant Commanding F. Stanly, and Release,
Lieutenant Commanding W. A. Parker.
The frigate Sabine, with Flag-officer Shubrick,
to whom the expedition was intrusted, and Mr.
Bowlm, the special Commissioner to Paraguay,
left New York October 17, 1858, arrived at the
La Plata December 18, and found most of the ves-
sels comprising the expedition already there. On
the 30th of the same month, Mr. Bowlin and Flag-
officer Shubrick left Monte video, with the steamers
Fulton and Water Witch, to nscend the river, and
on the 25th of January arrived with them at As-
suuc.ion, the capital of Paidguay. On the JLOth of
February the Commissioner took formal leave of
the President of Paraguay, having fully accom-
plished the objects of his mission. The^relations
of the two countries having been restored and
placed upon the most cordial footing, a new com-
mercial treaty and a special convention having
byen executed, and satisfactory apologies and in-
demnities made, the Fulton and Water Witch,
with the Commissioner and Flag -officer, on the
morning of the J3th of February proceeded down
the river. All the vessels intended for the expe-
dition and enpn'ohj of ascending the river, except-
ing two of the leust importance, were above Ro-
sano m time to have acted in case of necessity.
The ifulton, Water Witch, Hamet Lane, Ata-
lantd, Westernport, Memphis, Caledonia, South-
ern Stnr, Preble, Dolphin, Perry, Bainbndge, Re-
lease, Supply, and the Argentina, carrying 1,740
men, exclusive of commanding officers, and 78
g-uns, including 23 9-inch shell guns, and one
11-inch shell gun, had overcome the currents,
shoals, sand-bars, and other difficulties and ob-
structions of a long and tedious river navigation,
wer<' reported ready for service, nnd were in a
position to operate against Paraguay. To the zeal,
energy, discretion,nnd court! ousend gallani b< ar-
ing of Flag-officer Shubrick and the oi^ieers under
his command, in conducting an expedition f'-r
into the interior of a remote country, encounter-
ing not only great physical difficulties, bat the
fears and apprehensions and prejudices of numer-
ous vStates, and to the good conduct of the brave
men under their command, is the country largely
indebted nst only for the success of the enterprise
but for the friendly feeding towards the United
States which now prevails in all that part of South
America.
The expense of the expedition was defrayed
out of the ordinary appropriations for the naval
service, cxcept the sum of $289,000 appropriated
by Congress on the 3d of march lost, to pay for
the charter or purchase of the six screw-steamers
and one side-wheel steamer, which, from the de-
ficiency of light-draught vessels in the Navy capa-
ble of navigating the Parana and the Paraguay, it
had become necessary to charter for the occasion.
They were chartered accordingly for six months
or longer, with theprivilcge of an election on the
part of the United States to convert- the charter
into a purchase at stipulated prices, and to apply
all payments for the use of the vessels in part pay-
ment of the purchase money. The sums due for
the use of them amounted to $137,693, and the
balance, $151,307, woutd effect'a purchase of these
seven vessels. The election was made, and by
the payment of that sum the Department was re-
leased from its contract to restore them to their
former condition, and they became the property
of the Government. They have since been fitted'
for the service m which they are now engaged.
Five of them are employed on the coasts of Africa
and Cuba; one between the Washington andGos-
port navy-yards, in lieu of the Water Witch,
which has also been sent to the coast of Cuba;
and the other, the side-wheel steamer, in the La
Plata and its tributaries, as part of the Brazil
squadron. The cost of maintaining these seven
vessels in commission is not much greater than
that of maintaining a single steam frigate.
suppression- op thk african slave trade.
The purchase of these steamers enabled the
Dcpaitment to adopt more efficient measures for
the suppression of the African slave trade. Being
of light drought, those on the African slave coast
will enter harbors and rivers where the slave
traffic originates, while those on the coast of Cuba
will frequent its harbors, cruise in the track of
the slave traders on both sides of the island, and
will be very sure to intercept such as may escape
the vigilance of the former. Eight steamers have
been detailed to suppress this trade, four to cruise
on the coast of Guinea, and an equal number on
the coast of Cuba, two on each side of the island.
It is intended to employ another steamer to cruise
between New Orleans, Mobile, Pehsacola, and
Key West, for that and other purposes, as soon
as she can be spared from other objects. To en-
able the African squadron, now consisting of three
sloops-of-war and four steamers, to be constantly
m the neighborhood of the plae.es where the traffic
is carried on, the depot of naval supplies has been
removed from Porto Praya, in latitude north 15°,
near Cape de Verde, to St. Paul de Loando, in lat-
itude south S°. Under the former arrangement,
the vessels of the squadron, then sailing vessels
only, m seas where calms prevail, were most of
the time employed in making the voyage from
the ppper cruising ground to Porto jPraya for
supplies, and back again to the cruising ground,
ancl the voyage was scarcely performed before it
became necessary to repeat it; while, under the
picsent anangement it will seldom be necessary
for them to be absent, and then for a short time
only. This constant presence of a squadron of
steam vessels on the coast of Africa, and a sim-
ilar provision on the coast of Cuba, will render
the slave traffic so daugerous for American ves-
sels that few will be willing to embark m it. What
the effect of breaking up the trade will be upon
the United States or Cuba it is not necessary to
inquire; certainly under the laws of Congress and
our treaty obligations, it is the duty of the exec-
utive Government to see that our citizens shall not
bo engaged in it, and that our flag shall not be
used for its purposes.
increase of the nivy.
Since the commencement of the present Admin-
istration, twenty steam vessels have been added
to the Navy—thirteen by construction, and the
aforementioned seven by purchase. Those au-
thorized to be built by the act of March 3, 1857,
are the Lancaster, Pcnsacola, Brooklyn, Hartford,
and Richmond. The Lancaster and Hartford are,
respectively, the flag-ships of the Pacific and East
India squadrons. The Brooklyn is attached to
the Home squadron. The Pensacola and the
Richmond are ready for th.Jr- machinery, and as
soon it is eroded on them will be ready for
