2400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28.
I -will make my contract with you; provided that
I ma f curtail that'service if I irad it, in my judg-
ment, necessary, making all-proper reductions of
pay accordingly." The contracts'Were always
made in that way; but up to 1836 tftefrd'was no
provision made bylaw or in the contracts for the
increase of service, and the Department ugedf to
doitbyaddingjnereased service when they thought
it necessary, and they hadno restriction' Or limit-
ation in relation to the amount of extra allow-
ance they might make for this extra service, and
therefore they made it just in their o^vn discre-
tion, in their own way. It Was ascertained, or
supposed to be ascertained, in 1836, that great
abuses had-grown up under that. It was said that
contracts- werfe made for short services and rare
services, and then applications would be made for
an increase of servicc, perhaps, by the contractors
themselves* and" the Department would allow an
increase,doubling the service, say fromtri-wcekly
to daily, arid allow three or four times as much
as was paid for the previous service. In 1836 an
act was passed which required that whenever ad-
ditionalservice was imposed on any contractor, his
allowance for that service should be pro rata in
proportion to the rate he was already receiving;
and then, inasmuch as that was not in the con-
tracts at that time, after that it was always put
in that way, that they might be curtailed, and
that they could be added to by allowing pro rata
increase of compensation; but inasmuch as the
contracts then existing did not have a provision
for incieased service, a provision was made in the
act that when increased service was required it
should be advertised. That was in relation to
existing contracts; but in those afterwards en-
tered into, the power was reserved of providing
for an increase of service on increasing the com-
pensation pro rata. I see not why the Depart-
ment, at any period by that act of 1836, was in
any way trenched upon in relation to this power
of curtailing service. Nobody complained that
injustice had been done by curtailing service. It
was by having additional service and unreason-
able compensation therefor. That is what occa-
sioned the statute of 1836.
Now, Mr. President, to bring these principles
a little to the case in hand, the Post Office De-
partment has curtailed the service from what it
Was a year ago-last spring, when Congress ad-
journed, m consequence, no doubt, of the fact
that it was short of funds, for the appropriations
had failed. 1 do not say that all the service that
has been curtailed was cut down alone on that
account. 1 do not think that is so. 1 suppose
the Department, in making curtailment, had to
work as well as the means and force it had on
hand would enable it to do. ft was utterly im-
possible, with the force it had on hand, anil the
duties they had to perform, to s;o over all the
contracts in the United States; look into the va-
rious divisions—of which there are four in the
contract office—and examine each route, and ascer-
tain how that route stood in relation to its own
incomes of postage, and in relation to the special
services and the expenses attending it. The^e
was no time to do that; but I have no doubt it
Was done to some extent, and on all the import-
ant routes. It is impossible ever to make me be-
lieve that, in the time they had to do that, the tiling
was done in that manner in detail. It was im~-
practicable.
Besides, 1 have certain evidence that it was not
so, as I had occasion to suggest to the chairman
of the Post Office Committee. 1 personally know,
that in the division whore J live, routes weie
stricken off by some rule, I do not know what—
some average rule, I suppose—not, perhaps, the
most important in the country; but where the
offices between the termini, not counting in the
termini, were able to pay, and did pay, the wfiole
expenses of the route for daily service.
If we pass this act striking off the proviso, it
is said, still the Postmaster General may restore
these routes. Now, I will ask you how? If they
have been improperly reduced, it is said, the Post-
master General may restore them. How will he
do it? lie has got his estimates for the appropri-
ations with these routes cut off; and then the
$300,000 which, it is said, was pat into the bill to
provide for restoring some of them, we are told,
is to be cut off too. Then, if this provision for
the restoring of the routes is stricken out, and the
means withheld from him to establish them, how
can they be restored? To riiv mind, that is-not
the way to treat the subject. It is pretty difficult
to see'how any man, the head of a Department,
Can eves be charged with any covert or sinister
purpose in reducing the .service. It gives nobody
any money; it takes money away from people.
That can hardly ever be the ^foundation for any
charge of sinister purpose in the head of the De-
partment by a reduction of the service. The case
of an increase might be different. Formerly it
was said that there was great injury in that way;
but now, under the prorata law of 1836, there can
be very little of that, though there may be some.
There can be nothing of that kind iriiputcd to the
head of the Department now. There cannot be
any such motive. "When we say to him, v' Re-
store things as they Were, and we will give you
the money as we should have given it at that
time." we just say to him, " Now, go on and do
your duty; examine your routes; pass on the re-
spective merits of them, each one on its own found-
ation, and see what can be curtailed, what can bo
discontinued, what ought to be discontinued,"
and no more. Certainly this is depriving him of
no power which he had before. He will have time
to do it even with the present force, though I
think entirely different from the Senator from
Iowa, who seems to suppose that there are a great
many unemployed and lazy men about that de-
partment. If there are, they have got there since
I knew anything about it. I believe they are pretty
hard worked there anyway; but, with such force
as he has, ho will obtain such information as he
can get in relation to the respective routes to pass
on their respective merits, aiul then make such
curtailment as is necessary.
I would not vote to strike out this proviso. It
ought to be amended and arranged for the occa-
sion. To strike it all out seems to me to be reck-
less. To say that we'will let it stand altogether
is also objectionable. Not but that he can go on
and fix the routes and service in the country all
right, if we pass itj ust as itis; but the trouble is this:
here are some routes going across the continent,
which have been mentioned—that, for instance,
going from Kansas—that have been discontinued,
and tins would restore them, unless it was done
under some statute. 1 think there have been oth-
ers of these routes curtailed, not on account of
the service, probably properly curtailed. Some
of them. 1 think, ouicht to be discontinued alto-
gether, if they can be; and they should be exj
cop ted out of the operation of thus lestoung clause.
Theie is another instance. I believe there is a
case of service on the Mississippi river, where
the supplies have been furnished by land service
much better and at a cheaper rate. We should
not restore that.
I think the committee should ascertain what of
these important routes have been discontinued
on their merits, that clearly ought never to be re-
stored, and except them out of the restoration. I
have not the materials at hand, nor the time suf-
ficient here, to make these propositions of amend-
ment which I think the clause needs; but I think
it should receive them; and, in this aspect, it is
not right, on the one side, to pass it without any
exception to it, as it now stands; neither is it, on
the other side, proper to throw it all up, and re-
store all these diHuicnt services along with those
which really have merit in them, and ought to be
restored. I desire, therefore, that the committee
should either take it in hand, or in some other
way make the necessary amendment, so that it
will effect somewhat the fair purposes for which
it was really designed.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I agree with very
much that the Senator from Vermont has said in
icgard to this amendment. I would not propose
to strike out the whole proviso; because I believe
there are pro visions in it that, if properly amended,
ought to be in the bill. When it came up in the
Committee on Finance I entertained this opin-
ion; but it was deemed best to bring it before the
Senate; and as it was passed in the other House
by a very large majority, it was supposed that in
a committee of conference all cases such as he
has alluded to could be provided for, and there
could be that kind of discrimination which was
necessary to make the bill such a one as should
pass through the two Houses of Congress. Now,
in regard to the local service in my own State,
I have not a solitary doubt that every route that
was discontinued or curtailed there was wrong-
fully curtailed. 'J'here has not been a route in
the State of California, for the last five years—
none of the main routes, at least—where the con-
tractors did not .carry the mail oftener than the
contract required, under that regulation of the
Department v^hich provides that, if a contractor
runs his stages oftener than he contracts to carry
the mail, he shall carry the mail every time.
Mr. COXXA&IER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me for a few moments? There was one
point on which I desired to speak for a' minute,
and I will do it now, as I do not desire to con-
sume time again. One feature which, to mymind,
it is desifable to preserve in the proviso of the
House, is the provision that, where men haveact-
ually done the service, they shall bo paid. That
brings me to some light from our history. In 1835
the Post Office Department entirely ran under, as
the phrase is; became swamped, and was incapa-
ble of proceeding; it ran in debt; it actually boi-
rowed money without authority of law under the
administiation, nominally, of Mr. Barry. In the
latter part of 1835, or the beginning of 1836, Mr.
Kendall was put in charge of the Department m
itSembarrassed condition. Mr. Kendall took very
nearly the same course that Mr. Holt has taken
now. He curtailed the entire service throughout
the whole country. We had no railroads then.
It was curtailed on all, even the most important
routes—cut down from daily to tri-weekly ser-
vicc, forinstance, and from three times a week to
once a week. That was the course throughout
the whole country at that time. It docs not fol-
low that when you stop a man's running every
day, and put him to running three times a week,
it only costs him one half as much. He may be so
conditioned that if you let him run only three
times a week, he will have more mail matter than
he can carry,'whereas if he carries it every day,
he could take it all. For instance, ho runs three
times a week, and can carry the mail in a certain
conveyance, but if he only goes once a week, it
may .so accumulate that he cannot carry it in that
conveyance, and he is immediately put to more
expense. Therefore, it is not necessarily true
that that is always the right rule of curtailment.
Again, Mr. President, it is astanding rule in the
Post Office Department that we never must per-
mit a stage or any other conveyance to go ahead
of the mail. You destroy the mail in that way
and all your news, all yourinformation, goes by
puvate conveyance, and the mail is of no conse-
quence—it comes too late. Therefore, in every
contract that is made in the Department, there is
a provision put in that the man shall run, say,
three times a week, and carry the mail; and it is
further provided, that if he runs more frequently,
he shall carry the mail without pay. That is his
contract; for, as I said before, it will not do to
have regular stages running without the mail and
ahead of the mail.
Now, to call back that history: on all these im-
portant routes through this country, when Mr.
Kendall curtailed the service, the contractors still
continued to carry the mail on the great routes
between our large cities and towns. The mail
which had been carried in stages every day was
curtailed to three times a week, but they carried
it every day, because they ran for passengers;
and, under their contracts, if they went more fre-
quently than the time contracted for, they were
bound to carry the mail. They carried the mail,
for you would not let them go with passengers
ahead of the mail; and, m point of fact, they car-
ried it every day, as they did before the service
was curtailed. "What was the effect? The coun-
try had the mails as it had before, and the ulti-
mate effect was, that when the Department came
out of its embarrassment, the contractors came to
Congress and they were paid. They were paid
all over the country.
Mr. POLK. The Senator will allow me to say
! that there is one exception, which I hope at some
time to bring before the Senate—a gentleman now
living in Missouri, who foimcrly was a citizen of
Kcntu<ky and an acquaintance of the Senator
from Kentucky—a Mr. Scott.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then he has been made a
scapegoat and an exception. They have been
paid throughout the whole country, so far as the
' matter has come to my knowledge. The lesson
I read from it is this: that where you curtail the
service, and the men actually do the duty, and the
country has availed of that service, you will al-
