14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
36th Cong.... 1st
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
sea. These ships'have steam power as auxiliary
to sails; are armed with heavy nine, ten, and
eleven-inch Dahlgren shell guns, and will have
the speed of twelve statute miles an hour at sea
under steam alone.
The seven steam screw sloops-of-war, Mohican,
Narragansett, Iroquois, Wyoming, Pawnee, Da-
cotah, and Seminole, and the side-wheel steamer
Saginaw, which were authorized by the act of
Juno 12, 1858, have been launched, and are all in
commission except the Pawnee, the Dacotah, and
the Seminole, which are waiting for their ma-
chinery. In these ships, steam is the principal
motive power, and sails auxiliary. The contract-
ors for the machinery have guarantied the speed
for the Pawnee, sixteen statute miles an hour; for
the Dacotah, fifteen miles, %oth under heavy pen-
alties; for the other five eighty revolutions of the
propeller in a minute, a velocity which, in the
Wyoming, the only one yet tried, has given four-
teen miles an hour, without the vise of sails. The
draught of four of them is thirteen feet; of the
other three, ten feet; and the armament consists
principally of heavy shell guns. The side-wheel
steamer Saginaw has a draught of seven feet only,
and will carry a light armament of 32 and 24-
pounders.
The Pensacola and the Seminole have been built
at the navy-yard in Florida, and are the first ships-
of-war constructed there. They are fully equal
in construction to those which have been built at
the other navy-yards, and are highly creditable
to that establishment. It has given full proof that
it is able to build a ship-of-war in the best man-
ner, and that, in point of economy, as well as skill,
it is not inferior to any other. Situated, as it is,
on the Gulf of Mexico, in the vicinity of the
waters where our ships must be much employed
for the protection of some of the greatest interests
of the country, it eminently deserves, certainly
as much as others, the fostering care of Congress.
The machinery for these vessels has necessarily
been constructed at other establishments.
The Saginaw has been built on the Pacific side,
at the Marc Island navy-yard, in California. It
has been well and economically built, both the
vessel and the machinery. It proves the compe-
tency of the Government to meet the demands of
the Navy, both for construction and repair, in the
Pacific ocean, without doubling Cape Horn. We
can undoubtedly construct, repair, and maintain
a Pacific squadron, from the timber and other re-
sources of California and Oregon, with but little
aid from the Atlantic side, and that aid can be
furnished, without much inconvenience, by the
comparatively short way of the Isthmus. The
voyage around Cape Horn is long, tedious, and
expensive, and though it may be often necessary
to be repeated for many reasons, and, among
others, for the advantages to be derived from the
presence of a ship-of-war at various points on the
route, yet ltisobvious that the efficiency of a naval
force in the Pacific will be much enhanced by the
policy of maintaining an efficient navy-yard 011
that coast.
Although our naval force has been thus in-
creased by the addition of twenty steam vessels,
yet I beg leave, most respectfully to renew the
recommendation which I had the honor to make
a year ago of a still further increase of the Navy.
The cost of these twenty steam vessels has been
less than five million dollars, while the sum re-
tained in the Treasury by the policy adopted at the
last session of Congress, of suspending improve-
ments in the navy-yards and restricting the appro-
priation for equipment and repair, has amounted,
during the present fiscal year, to more than three
million dollars; and if Congress shall continue
the policy of suspending these improvements dur-
ing the next fiscal year, according to the estimates
now submitted, there will be retained in the Treas-
ury a million and a half or two million more.
Thus it may be said that the Treasury will be
nearly or quite indemnified for the cost of this in-
crease of twenty steam vessels in the Navy, by a
corresponding retrenchment of naval expenditure.
But, independently of any consideration of this
kind, the protection of our coast and coasting
trade on the Atlantic and Pacific sides of the con-
tinent, of five millions of commercial tonnage, six
hundred millions of foreign exports and imports,
and of American citizens and interests in all parts
of the world, imperatively requires a more efficient
and powerful naval force than wo now have at
command. Instead of perpetuating old vessels
which never can be made effective in naval war-
fare, or expending millions in constructing a few
largo ships which are likely to perish or be super-
seded before they will be wanted, it is earnestly
recommended to prosecute with vigor the line of
policy which has been adopted by Congress, and
to add to the Navy a much larger number of steam-
ships, which can be maintained at comparatively
small cost, are a constant and pressing necessity
at home and abroad, can go wherever tlicy may
be needed, and can insure protection and security
to our widely extended coast, our rapidly increas-
ing commerce, and to American citizens and impr-
ests wherever they may be found. It is a source
of extreme regret ana mortification that we are
now at times obliged to sit by passively and see,
in some foreign countries, citizens of the United
States imprisoned, plundered, and murdered, be-
cause the Executive has not the means to protect
or redress them. I beg leave to refer to the views
expressed in my last annual report, and, without
repeating them now, to urge them again with re-
newed earnestness.
MARINE CORPS, ETC.
The increase of the Navy which has for some
years past been gradually taking place, and its
increased activity, have rendered necessary a cor-
responding increase in its marine, medical, and
pursers' departments. The marine corps is an
indispensable branch of the naval service. It fur-
nishes the guard of every naval station, of every
receiving ship, and of evgry ship-of-war of the
United States that goes to sea. Athomc, we have
had occasion to appreciate its prompt and discip-
lined energy in maintaining law, order, and gov-
ernment against outbreaks of illegal violence. It
is a gallant little band, upon which rest the most
widely extended duties at home and in every sea
and clime, without sufficient numbers to perform
them. Very much the same may be said of the
medical corps of the Navy. They are designed
to be guardians of the life and health of the offi-
cers, seamen, marines, and others in this branch
of the public service, not only at shore stations,
but at sea when far removed from other medical
aid, exposed themselves also to the hazards of
sea and climate. And yet the Government has
not authorized a sufficient number of them to per-
form the necessary duty, and officers and men arc
sometimes obliged, while in remote service, to
forego the additional chances of life and health,
which competent medical assistance usually af-
fords. In the pursers' department we find the
same deficiency. Not only are duties imposed
on the naval officer which are not appropriate or
congenial to his profession, or to his position in
command, but, contrary to our most cherished
public policy, the public moneys are taken from
the public Treasury and placed 111 individual hands
without bond or surety. I beg leave to refer to
facts and suggestions on those subjects presented
in the last annual report from this Department,
and to renew the recommendations which I then
made.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
The Naval Academy continues under theluper-
intendence of Captain George S. Blake, and I have
the most gratifying evidence of the proficiency of
the pupils in all the branches of their profession.
Twenty acting midshipmen graduated in June;
one hundred and thirty-three have since been per-
mitted to be examined for admission; and of these,
eighty-six were found qualified and admitted.
For the purpose of increasing the efficiency of
the Navy, without materially increasing the an-
nual charge upon the Treasury, I have transferred
the new members of the fourth class of acting
midshipmen to the sloop-of-war "Plymouth,"
attached to 'the academy, thereby enlarging the
accommodations provided there without the ex-
pense of new buildings; and arrangements have
been already made to accommodate eighty-five
pupils and their instructors on board of that vessel.
This measure is a decided improvement, [thas
been accomplished with great facility, and at incon-
siderable expense. Itsubjects the pupilsto stricter
discipline and closer supervision. At the outset
of their studies it introduces and attaches them to
naval life, and makes every part of a ship-of-war,
and their duties connected with it, as familiar as
household words. Itenablesthe Department more
fully to carry into effect the act of Congress of
August 3, 1848, which authorizes the number of
464 midshipmen, being, at the time of the passage
of that act, two to each congressional and territo-
rial district. At the close of the last academic
year there were but one hundred and ninety-seven
midshipmen in the Navy. The deficiency of so
many young, active, and efficient naval officers in
this important grade has been felt in the discipline
of the service. It has been partially supplied 1^
rating enlisted seamen and landsmen as masters'
mates to the number of about one hundred and
sixty, at an annual expense of more than ยง60,000,
to perform the proper duties of midshipmen. It
must be obvious that here is a wide door open for
improvement, as the expense to the Government
of masters' mates is about as great as that of mid-
shipmen, while in the place of these enlisted men
will be substituted well-taught and well-disciplined
graduates of the Naval Academy.
The board of officers appointed to witness the
annual examinations have made a highly favor-
able report of the general management, discipline,
and police of the academy. They recommend
that no candidate be admitted under the age of fif-
teen, instead of fourteen, as the requirement now
is; that the time of reporting for admission be the
1st of June, instead of the 20th of September; that
the French and Spanish languages enter into the
final examination of midshipmen, and have due
weightin determining their relative standing; that,
besides the practice-ship, a small screw steamer
be attached to the academy; that the pupils be
instructed in the duties of engineering, in the man-
ufacture of fireworks, and all ordnance matter in
which gunpowder and its constituents enter; that
a short course of naval architecture be introduced;
and they make other suggestions, which, in their
opinion, would increase the theoretical and prac-
tical knowledge of the pupils of the academy.
The sloop-of-war Plymouth, Commander T. T.
Craven, has made the annual cruise with 107 of
the acting midshipmen. She visited the ports of
Plymouth, in England; Brest, in France; Cadiz,in
Spain; and Funchal, in Madeira'. The great Gov-
ernment establishments of Plymouth and Brest
were visited by the acting midshipmen on the in-
vitation of the authorities in command at those
places. Commander Craven's report, which is
herewith submitted, affords evidence of a hij h
degree of proficiency on the part of the pupils m
their practical duties. Those of the first class
were intrusted with the navigation of the ship,
and acquitted themselves in a very creditable
manner.
SQUADRONS.
The Home squadron, under the command of
Flag-officer W. McCIaney, consists of the steam
frigate Roanoke, Captain W. H. Gardner; the
frigate Sabine, Captain H. A. Adams; the steam
sloop-of-war Brooklyn, Captain D. G. Farragut;
the sloop-of-war Savannah, Captain Jos. Jarvis;
Saratoga, Commander Thomas Turner; James-
town, Commander C. H. A. H. Kennedy; St.
Louis, Commander C.'H. Poor; Preble, Com-
mander T. A. Jenkins; the steamers Crusader,
Lieutenant Commanding J.N. Mail; Mohawk,
Lieutenant Commanding T. A. Craven; Wvan-
dott, Lieutenant Commanding F. Stanly; Water
Witch, Lieutenant Commanding L. C. Sartori;
and store-ship Relief, Commander B. M. Dove;
Flag-officer J. M. Mcintosh, who commanded
the squadron until January, was then at his own
request, 011 account of ill-health, detached from the
command. The Fulton was ordered to the coast
of Cuba to cruise for slavers, but having been
disabled, the Water Witch has taken her place.
On the 25th of November, 1858, Flag-officer
Mcintosh arrived at San Juan de Nicaragua in
the steam frigate Roanoke. Learning that two
officers from the British steam frigate Valorous,
then lying in that port, had a few days before
visited the steamer Washington 011 her arrival
there with passengers bound to California, and
while on board closely questioned her command-
er, he opened a correspondence with the senior
British officer present, requesting an explanation.
It was given in a frank and candid manner. The
visit was avowed to be one of friendly inquiry,
