436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IB,
day indicate any decisive result, I will give way.
But I know very well that a ballot would only
result in prolonging our sitting, and giving us
additional labor, without doing any good, I in-
sist that now, after the two gentlemen from New
York have made their explanations, this House
is in no condition to do anything but to adjourn
and go quietly to their homes—I might say that
some of us should go to a quiet place and ask par-
don in a quiet manner from a higher Power for
the offenses of the day. But that, perhaps, is not
my business. Let us, therefore, adjourn.
Mr. McRAE. Before the gentleman makes his
motion to adjourn I wish to say this, and it is due
to myself to say, that the difficulty which arose
here grew out of an interrogatory propounded to
me by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. H as-
kin.] I hope the House will soe that I am not at
all responsible for the excitement and difficulty
that grew up; but that it originated from a col-
lision between the two gentlemen from New York.
[Several voices, "Oh, yes!"]
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Everybody that knows
anything of the genial nature of my friend from
Mississippi, knows that he never could be the will-
ful cause of disturbance anywhere. It was one
of those accidental exhibitions of feelingwhich
nobody can anticipate; and to the credit of hu-
manity be it spoken, I believe there is not a man
here who does not regret the occurrences of this
morning. They are inseparable from all political
bodies. " Men are but children of alargor growth,"
and I think it complimentary to us to say, that
during the exciting scenes of the last five weeks,
we have been able to preserve generally good
order and decorum. 1 now move an adjournment.
_ Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Withhold the mo-
tion for a moment.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have no objection to
doing So.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Believing the gen-
tleman from the Mansfield district of Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to be a man ot fairness and candor, I
interpreted his reply, some weeks ago, to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] into a dis-
tinct and full disavowal of the sentiments of the.
" Helper book,"of which yo much has been said,
and I so stated, and so it stands upon the record.
If, however, I misunderstood him — if he meant
to-day that there should be a doubt as to the
character or extent of the disavowal—certainly I
do not desire to be bound further by my state-
ment.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I believe I will not con-
sent to any more discussion. I wish to get the
House into good temper, and I think that the
motion which I am about to submit will do much
good, and tend to tranquillize the mind of the
House, t therefore move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes past three o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 13, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
bj the Rev. J. L. Elliott.
fiie Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated the question to be on the
admissibility of the resolution proposed to be in-
troduced by Mr. Edwards on the 10th instant.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 desire to occupy
the attention of the House for about five min-
utes. It would seem from the character of the
debate of yesterday that then: was something cry
terrible in the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Clark.] I am one of those
who think that that resolution, m sentiment and
in phrase, is incapable of amendment, and only
to be injured by modification. I will read it to
the House, and I desire to have it reported m the
proceedings, that the country may see exactly
why it is overlaid as it has been by so much that
has been said in connection with it. The reso-
lution is as follows;
Revolted, That the doctrine* and sentiments of a cer-
tain book called the " Impending Crista of the youth," pur-
porting to have* beenwutten by one Ilinton R. Helper, are
insurrectionary and hostile to the peace and tranquillity
of the country; and no member of this iIoiu<e who has
indorsed or recommended the doctrines and sentiments
therein affirmed, is fit to be Speakei of this House.
Now, sir, there are two propositions in this res-
olution, and only two. The first proposition is:
that the doctrines of the Helper book are insur-
rectionary and hostile to the peace of the country.
Now, I put it to every gentleman on this floor, I
do not care whether he comes from the North or
the South, is-not this affirmation true to the very
letter?
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to answer the gen-
tleman's question in part.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let me go on.
Mr. BINGHAM. I thought the gentleman
asked a question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do ask the gen-
tleman a question. He proposes, as I understand
him, to answer in part. Sir, I put the question,
and I shall he glad to hear the gentleman upon
that point as soon as I get through with my com-
ments upon the other branch of the proposition.
I submit to this House, I submit to every gentle-
man here, whether this affirmation is not true to
the letter. Is it not insurrectionary? Is it not
hostile to the peace of the country? I am per-
fectly willing to leave it to the country to settle
that question.
The next proposition is: that no member of this
House, who has indorsed or recommended the
doctrine or sentiments therein affirmed, is fit to be
Speaker of this House. "Well, I submit that ques-
tion to the House; I submit it tf  the country. I
ask, is it not true, the presiding officer of" this
House, holding, as he necessarily must, inter-
course with members of the House, frequently
of the most intimate character—is it not tiue, I
say, to the letter that a man entertaining these in -
surrectionary sentiments hostile to the peace of
the country, is unfit to preside over this body?
Now, if the gentleman from Ohio wishes to answer
the question, m whole or in part, I yield the floor
to him.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have only to say this: that
the resolution of the gentleman from Missouri, as
the gentleman from Virginia well knows, and the
House and the country well know, denounces
the whole Helper book, without exception, as an
incendiary production. The gentleman will, there-
fore, remember that this resolution, which he in-
dorses, denounces the last will and testament of
Washington giving liberty to his bondsmen, and
which is incorporated m, and made part of, that
book, the k< Impending Crisis." 1 wish the gen-
tleman to remember, further, that this resolution
denounces the unanimous sentiment of the con-
vention of Virginia in 1774, instructing its dele-
gates to the Congress in Philadelphia of that year,
which is also incorporated m-jJiat book in these
words: *
" The abolition of domestic slavery i« the greatest object
of desire m the^c colonic* ^
and which also declared that the further importa-
tion of slaves should be excluded—a practice
" mjuiioMs to the lasting interests of the Amcncan States,
and the rights ot human nature."
I wish the gentleman further to remember that
this resolution of the gentleman from Missouri
denounces also the tiuthful and forcible words—
forcible because they are true—of the late distin-
guished Governor of Virginia, Mr. McDowell,
when he said:
" You may place your slave where you please; you may
dry up to your uttermost the fountains of his knowledge,
and cloud it over with artificial night; you may yoke htm
to your laboiri a-s the ox which liveth oniytovvoik and
worl<( th only to live; you may put him under any process
which, without desttoying hi1-Value a^ a slave, will debase
and cru<*h hun a* a nUional bema; vou mav do thi^.and the
idea that he was bom to be free will survive it all,' foi it is
allied to hi* hope of immoitahu."
I wish the gentleman from Virginia to remem-
ber also that this resolution denounces, because it
is made a part of that book, the living sentiment
of Jefferson, copied from his Notes on Virginia,
wherem lie says:
A I tremble tor my country when I reflect that Cod is
ju«t; that his justice cannot sleep foiever;" x
•■'tliatxn the content with the slave'' when he ftukes for
hi-; liberty. the Almighty has no attribute which can take
sidc^ with us in such a content "
I ask the gentleman to remember also that the
denunciation contained in that resolution is a de-
! nunciation of the words of the Continental Con-
; gross, when they were about to enter upon a seven
]j years' struggle for independence, which they em-
i bodied in theirarticlesofassociation,andby which
ij they denounced as the enemies of American lib-
il erty all who persisted in the importation of slaves,
and declared that with such they would hold no
intercourse. What were those articles but the
proclamation for liberty, signed and approved by
the Representatives of every State in the Confed-
eracy?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the gentleman
propose to go on and make an elaborate speech ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will say to the gentleman
further, that your resolution denounces also the
Declaration of Independence itself, which is in-
corporated in that book, and which declares that—
" We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men
are crcated equal; that they are endowed by their Creator
with certain unalienable rights, among which are the rights
to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that govern-
ments are instituted among men to protect these rights, de-
riving their just poweis from the consent of the governed;
aud that whenever any form of government becomes de-
structive of those ends, it is the right of the people to alter
or abolish it.*'
I ask the gentleman to remember that that bold
word tkabolish"isthere. Abolition,if you please,
is incorporated in that memorable declaration, for
which his fathers and mine went through the
storm and darkness of the Revolution. I adopt
the words as mine: when any form of govern-
ment becomes destructive to these rights of life
or liberty, it is the duty of the people to abol-
ish it. Now, I ask the gentleman whether he is
ready to repudiate these sentiments, and to de-
nounce them as incendiary? If he docs not, then
lie cannot vote for the resolution of the gentle-
man from Missouri.
Mr. NOELL. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me to ask the gentleman from Ohio a
question?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would rather do
it myself. My remarks will be too much pro-
tracted by these habitual interruptions I propose
to deal with that gentleman myself; and first let it
be understood, and let it go to the country, that
that gentleman indorses the Helper book.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg to ask the gentleman
from Virginia if he repudiates the sentiments to
which I have referred ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is not the
question.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is the question which
I put to the gentleman from Virginia, and which
is raised by the resolution of the gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish it to be un-
derstood that the honorable member indorses the
Helper book.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; say what you
please.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. And the man that
does it deserves the detestation and scorn and in-
dignation of every party and every man in the
American Union. [Applause in the galleries.]
And now, sir, I will proceed to show it. I will
say, however, in the outset, that the gentleman
refers to the sentiments of distinguished revolu-
tionary men, and asks me if I repudiate them. Sir,
many of those sentiments, of course, I repudiate.
[Derisive laughter from the Republicans.] Many
of those sentiments are false in philosophy and
unsound in fact. But, sir, to come down to the
point at which I was when I gave way to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, 1 say that, when I make a bar-
gain, I stand by it. The gentleman does not. He
makes a contract, receives the benefit of it, and
then spurns the obligation. If Jefferson, in his
Notes on Virginia, entertained certain notions upon
the suhjcct of slavery, what has that to do with
the Federal Constitution ? I ask the gentleman
what this or that opinion of this or that man has
to do with the Federal compact, which adjusts the
very question between us? When the Federal
Convention assembled, one of its first obligations
and duties was to adjust this very slavery ques-
tion. They did adjustit. They gave, in a variety
of clauses, guarantees to satisfy those who pos-
sessed that interest, and without those guarantees
this Union could not have been formed. I ask
the member if that is not the fact?
Mr. BINGHAM. What is that >
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the question,
whether the Federal Convention did not undertake
to adjust this question of slavery, and did not, by
various clauses of the Constitution, undertake to
adjust it?
Mr. BINGITAM. I say, flatly, that they did
no such thing; but, on the contrary, repudiated
the word when it was offered.
