THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30.
JONATHAN W. SWIIs'T. "
' Mr. POSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill granting a pension to Jonathan W.
Swift, of the United States Navy; which wag read
a first, and second time, referred to a Committee
. of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
CHARLES GOODSI'EED.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill granting a pension to Charles Good-
speed, a soldier of the war of 1812; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee. of the "VJfhole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
EITISIA C. DEMAY.
Mr. POSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a. bill for the relief of Effisia C. Demay,
widow of Charles F. V. Demay; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
•of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
MARGARET WHITEHEAD.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Margaret White-
head ; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
, RUFUS CALL, JK.
Mr. POSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill granting a pension to Rufus Call,
jr., a soldier in the war with Great Britain; which
Was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JAMES DENNIS AND OTHERS.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, also
made adverse reports in the cases of James Den-
nis, Joseph Perkins, Ware Tibbs, Conrad Du-
val], Jacob W. Moore, and Joseph Brewer; which
Were laid on the table, and ordered to bo printed.
GREGORY PATH.
Mr. FLORENCE, from tlieosame committee,
repoitci a bill granting a pension to Gregory
Patti; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
HESTER S. BARTON.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
also reported a hill granting a pension to Hester
Sergeant Barton; which was lead a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
NAVAL ASYLUM BENEFICIARIES.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
also reported back a memorial of the beneficiaries
of the United States Naval Asylum, and moved that
it be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
EDWARD RUMJIERY.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Edward Rummery;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
MRS. FERGUSON SMITH.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported
a biHTor the relief of Mrs. Feiguson Smith; which
was read a first and second nine, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, oidered to be printed.
MARY BULLOCK.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, from the same
committee, also neported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Mary Bullock; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
george walker's children.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, from the
same committee, also reported a bill forthc relief
of the surviving children of George Walker, de-
ceased; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
LOUISIANA LAND CLAIM.
Mr. BLAIR, from the .Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report in the case
of the heirs of Don Carlos de Villamont, for con-
firmation of certain land claims in the State of
Louisiana; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
MRS. JANE VENABLE.
Mr. BARKSDALE, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, made an adverse report on t[ie
memorial of the members of the Tennessee Le-
gislature, in the caseofMrs. Jane Venable; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
RETURN OF UNDELIVERED LETTERS.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a privileged question.
I call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the hill (S. No. 302) in relation to the re-
turn of undelivered letters in the post offices was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. This bill has already been consid-
ered in the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and they have instructed me to ask that
the bill may be brought before the House and be
passed. The bill was drawn up by Judge Col-
lamer., a former Postmaster General. The Post
Office Department have no objection to its passage,
and I hope there will be no objection here to its
being passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
commit the bill to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I will say a few words upon
the Subject of this bill. The number of dead let-
ters is constantly increasing, and now amounts to
two million five hundred thousand a year. It has
bccomc a great burden upon the Post Office De-
partment, and a great expense to the Government.
This bill provides that if the writer of the let-
ter shall indorse on the back of it a direction that
it shall be returned to him if undelivered, instead
of incurring the expense of advertising and of
sending it to the dead letter office to be destroyed,
it shall, after remaining uncalled-for thirty days,
be returned to the person who wrote it.
Mr. MILES. Is it necessary that the writer of
the letter should indorse upon it the direction that
it shall be returned?
Mr. COLFAX. That is a provision made in
this bill.
Mr. MILES. If that is to be done, it seems
to me that this bill will have very little value in it.
Of course very few persons will take the trouble
of doing that.
Mr. COLFAX. It could not be told who wrote
the letter, unless his name was indorsed upon it.
Mr. MILES. It seems to me that there would
be very few who would give sucli directions.
Mr. COLFAX. There are very many persons
who would give such a direction. For instance,
John Smith & Co. write to a man to pay their
taxes; the man is dead, or has gone away. They
do not see the paper in which the letter is adver-
tised; and the letter goes to the dead letter office,
and is destroyed. This bill would permitfjohn
Smith & Co. to indorse on the letter the direction
under which, after having remained uncalled-for
thirty days, it would be returned to them, instead
of going to the dead letter office. Another in-
stance: a wife writes to a husband, who is mining
in Pike's Peak or California, that he must hasten
his return, to save his property from sacrifice,or
to see a child, rapidly declining. She directs it to
the post office he instructed her to address him at;
but when it arrives, he may be prospecting hun-
dreds of miles off, with no intention of returning
there till the close of the season. The return of
her letter to her, after twenty or thirty days' wait-
ing, and not called for, lets her know that he has
not received her notice, and warns her that she
must write to him elsewhere. In this way, and
many others that might bo named, it will tend to
increase the number of letters sent through the
mails.
On all the letters advertised at the various post
offices of the country, the Government has now to
pay one cent for advertising, which is a dead
loss to it on those that finally become dead letters.
They pour into the dead letter office here by the
million, are there examined by clerks, and all
letters which do not contain valuables are de-
stroyed. They may contain information of the
greatest interest, or business of the greatest im-
portance, or may be misdirected to Washington,
la., (Iowa,) when Washington, Ind., (Indiana,)
is intended; and there is no remedy.
Under this bill, all uncalled-for letters indorsed
as required will neither be advertised nor sent to
the dead letter office; but will be returned to the
writers, saving expense to the Government, in-
ducing other letters to be written in their stead,
and assisting in rendering the Post Office Depart-
ment more of a convenience to the public—the
great object which the Post Office Committee de-
sire to attain. ,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The evil is one
which has been and is felt by commercial com-
munities, and I am glad that this bill has been
brought forward for its correction. It is the prac-
tice, 111 the city of New York and elsewhere, at
this time, to give the directions which have been
indicated, and I understand it is now the design
to give that practice the sanction of law.
Mr. COLFAX. I will state that the bill was
dr&wn up by Senator Collamer, a former Post-
master General. It has likewise received the
unanimous approbation of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads of this House, as well
as of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads of the Senate. I consulted the officers of
the Post Office Department about it this morning,
and I am fully satisfied that it ought to pass.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does it apply to
dead letters alone ?
Mr. COLFAX. It is to prevent letters becom-
ing dead letters; and provides for sending them
back to the writers after a certain time.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The bill does not
go as far, I think, as it ought to be made to go.
Mr. COLFAX. The Post Office Department
have informed us that they would, during this
session, lay before the House, through the Com-
mittee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads, other
reforms for lessening the number of dead letters.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I understand that
only tkose letters which contain money and other
valuables are now returned to the writers. It
seems to me that the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads might, with great advantage to
the revenues of the Department, provide for the
return of all letters to the writers, with the post-
age to be paid by them.
Mr. COLFAX. It would require a large addi-
tion to the staff of the office to do that. That,
however, can be considered hereafter.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES E. ANDERSON.
Mr.MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Aifairs, reported a bill for the
relief of Charles E. Anderson; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and,-with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
SOLOMON WHIPPLE.
Mr. NIBLACK, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, made an adverse report in the case of Sol-
omon Whipple, of Albany, New York; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
MARIA BUNNELL.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Patents to move that that committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Maria Bunnell, widow of Isaiah Bun-
nell, and that it be laid upon the table.
"The motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FROM SERVING ON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I find by
the Globe that I am appointed as one of the mem-
bers of the committee, raised under the resolution
