1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then what is the
use of these provisions of the Constitution ? 1
put the question to the gentleman: What is the
use of the provisions to be found in the Constitu-
tion on that subject? What are those clauses ?
First, is that which gives that property represent-
ation. Why ? That it should be protected. Next,
sir, it authorized the importation of slaves up to
1808. Why? Was it to free them when they got
here ? It provided for the reclamation of our slaves
that the whole Union should be, as to this ques-
tion, the same as a State where it existed; that the
power to reclaim fugitive slaves should be guaran -
tied and secured beyond peradventure. What is
the use of those provisions ?
But the gentleman says that they expressly re-
pudiated the term. I put the question to him:
Does not this clause in reference to fugitives from
labor give a right to reclaim ouf slaves when they
get from our possession ? Was it not so designed?
Speak—answer. Was it not so designed ? Do I
understand you to say no ? What was it here for}
Tellme;tell me. Speak. [Laughter.] I demand
that you, as an American Representative, stand
up here and respond to my question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Whenever the gentleman
addresses me as his peer, I will respond; but 1 wish
him to know that I am not his slave.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. To be sure! I would
make you do better than you do if you were.
[Laughter.] You would get what you need. [Re-
newed laughter.] But let that pass.
Now, gentlemen, this aside. Engaged here in
a most solemn duty, in council upon the interests
of a great Republic, let me go back to this first
branch of this proposition. I read it:
Resolved, That the doctrincs and sentiments of a certain
book oallnl "The Impending Crisis of the South," pur-
porting to have been written by one Ilmtori R. Helper, are
insunertionary and hostile to the peace and tranquillity of
the country.
It has nothing to do with the opinions of men.
It has nothing to do with the past theories of
distinguished plnlanthiopists. It is a declaration
founded upon our existing compact of Union. It
avers that the insurrectionary doctrincs therein
contained are destructive of the peace and tran-
quillity of the country, as affirmed by the Con-
stitution And why'1 Because those doctrines are
directly in the teeth of the solemn stipulations
made m our sacred covenant. Yet, agentleman—
a Representative of the people—comos here to legis-
late under the Constitution, which he has taken
an oath to support, and says that it involves no
breach whatever of our peacc and tranquillity—
none of that danger which threatens to engulf our
form of Government. I say, then, that the gen-
tleman does not respond to the question. We
deal with it as a subsisting fact. We refer to an
existing compact; and yet the gentleman meets
this view by going back to the abstract and theo-
retical opinions of distinguished men m former
days.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman seems hurt
that 1 do not respond to his interrogatories. 1 say
that I regret this discussion as much as the gen-
tleman can, but I am not going to shrink from it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Answer. u
Mr. BINGHAM. Let me answer in my own -i
way—or does the gentleman propose to direct ;|
me? " M
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will direct you ji
to take your seat until I'have taken mine. ij
Mr. I3INGHAM. J am ^lad the gentleman is ^
exhibiting his manners. [Laughtei.] ij
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir; take your ij
seat. [|
Mr. Clerk and gentlemen of this House, what i
did General Washington do after this compact
went into operation? I have shown on a former
occasion that he claimed the benefit of the fugi-
tive slave law in his own person, and that it was
denied to him, I think, by the State of Massachu-
setts. I have shown, on a former occasion, that
Mr. Jefferson, who is anxiously and persistently
quoted by gentlemen, and even in the Helper
book, retained his slaves to the day of his death,
and that on the Missouri question he said, espe-
cially, that it burst upon him like afire bell m the
night. He regarded it as the death knell of our
institutions. Notwithstanding that, gentlemen
will take up his-theories m the very face of his
dractice and subsequent opinions.
I say, then, that here is the proclamation of a
fact which the heart of the American people will,
at least, respond to affirmatively. I put the ques-
tionagain; I will read the resolution:
Resolved, That the doctrines and sentiments of a cer-
tain book called " The Impending Crisis of the South," pur-
posing to have been written by one Hinton It. Helper, are
insurrectionary and hostile to the peace and tranquillity of
the country.
Let this go forth to the country and let the
American people pass upon it. I have no fears of
the verdict they will render.
I come next to the second clause:
And no member of this House who has indorsed or rec-
ommended the doctrines and sentiments therein affirmed
is fit to be Spf'nker of thk House.
I maintain that branch of the resolution. I in-
sist, sir, that no man who entertains the doctrines
and sentiments of the Helper book is fit to be the
presiding officer of this House. I cheerfully sub-
mit that point to the gentleman and the country.
Mr. Clerk, when the resolution before the House
was offered, it was supported by my able friend
from Missouri [Mr. Clark] in a variety of views
striking and conclusive. On that very occasion
he read a condensation of the general results of
the Helper book. He did so, I suppose, that the
House might see upon what grounds he predica-
ted his resolution. Every member of this House,
whether he read it or not, knew perfectly well,
sir, what was the substance of the objectionable
matter in that book, and the persons who felt
themselves aggrieved or who were lovers of their
country had the opportunity of rising in their
places and putting their heels in scorn and indig-
nation upon its atrocious doctrincs.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I understand the gentle-
man to say that every member of this House
knows what is the substance of the doctrines in-
culcated m that book, whether he has read it or
not. I should like (hegentleman to enlighten me
how 1 am to know the doctrines of that hook which
I have never read ami never seen, except when in the
hands of gentlemen upon the other side, who read
extracts ftom it to the House ? With none of its
doctrines am I familiar, except the abstract prop-
ositions which have been read by the gentleman
from Missouri. Docs the gentleman expect me,
or any other member on this side of the House,
to stultify myself by voting to condemn doctrincs
which I have not heard or read, and the purport
of which I do not know? That is the chief com-
plaint I make to all this. There may be, and I
have no doubt there are, sentiments in that book
which I would utterly condemn; but I say now,
I never have read that book; nor do I believe there
is any powei m this House, or in the country,
that can compel me to r^ad it, until about ten
years after tins time, and th<-n f may be compelled
to read it, as a matter of history, to see what has
caused tins great tempest in a teapot. f
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I thought it was
the duty of a gentleman who comes here to main-
tain the interests of a great people, to enlighten
himself upon all subjects of" interest to them.
Mr. McKNIGHT. If I thought that book-
was o part of the legislation of this country, or
pertained to it, I would endeavor to enlighten
myself concerning it; but as it has nothing to do
with our legislation, I hhall not read it.
Mr. HATTON. I do not know how long the
gentleman from Virginia intends to address the
House, but my understanding was that he rose
only to a personal explanation. I have no objec-
tion to that, but 1 object to his making a speech.
I have already given way two days m succession.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I believe when I
got the floor this morning the gentleman was not
on it—was not present to avail himself of his
right. Of course, I will give way to the gentle-
man at the enrhest possible moment.
Mr. HATTON. When the gentleman took
the floor I understood it was for the purpose* of
making a personal explanation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not say I
wanted to make a personal explanation.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania must re-
member that this work was published two years
ago; that it was published expressly for the pur-
pose of being read, that it might operate upon the
election of I860. The gentlemen remembers, at
any rate, that when this subject was brought be-
fore this House, it was m the form I have stated,
to wit: I stated that the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Clark] read a printed epitome of the Im-
pending Crisis, as circulated in the country, in
order that the House might see what was its char-
acter. Now, I repeat to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] that the question is and was, is a
man who indorses the sentiments which were thus
read in his face, and in the face of this House, fit
to be Speaker of this House? That is the ques-
tion. 1 maintain that he is not. But, sir, aftfer
those sentiments were read in this House, after
the gentleman from Missouri had illustrated and'
explained them, the gentleman who is the nominee
of the opposite side of the House rose in his place,
feelingitnecessary for him to say something. And
what did he say? He said that which left his
opinions in a fog, as an inference, and left a field
for his friends to interpose and protect him sub-
sequently, and left us all still in doubt. And now,
one of the grounds taken by him as a reason why
he did not on that former occasion respond fully,
is the pcndency of this resolution. Let me say,
as it has been said in substancc before, if this res-
olution is so obnoxious, he should not have opened
his mouth at all; but, as he did open his mouth,
he ought to have opened it in a way that would
have given us some information.
Mr. Clerk, I will touch another subject in this
connection which has created a good deal of diffi-
culty. After this resolution had been introduced
forashorttime, the honorable member from North
Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] introduced an amend-
ment. I was grieved to see it. The mover of that
amendment could not have disapproved of this
resolution. He will not stand in iiis place upon
this floor And say that this resolution aid not em-
body his sentiments. I say, I was grieved that lie
should have offered such an amendment as he did,
because it placed him in the position of seeming
to break t^c force of the blow upon the Republi-
can side of the House. The gentleman may not
have intended to do so, but that is the effect. It
has that appearance, and that is one of the diffi-
culties, perhaps, the gentleman has in combining
the votes of this side of the House. But the gen-
tleman did more; when the resolution was offered,
affirming distinct propositions which he will not
gainsay, he sought to break their distinctness and
avert their force by the introduction of his amend-
ment. I think hc.did not so intend, but that is
the appearancc of it to another, and it has hurt
him.
I mention this view of the subject, because I
desire to have another thing understood; and I
shall go rapidly over it in order to give way to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Hatton.] And
what is that? The gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Gilmer,] or at least his friends, com-
plain that the Democratic side of this House did
not go to his support. I say the gentlemen may
complain of that, and even complain with some
show of reason; but we have evinced at least as
much liberality of disposition upon our side as
they have upon their side; and we do think it
is a little hard that we should be required to go
in a solid column to the support of the minority
side of this House, and that the minority side at
the same time should claim the right to select
the person for whom we should all vote. We
are not only required to go for that side of the
House, but for a man who never has evinced a
liberality which would justify this call upon our
side. It seems to us a perfectly plain matter, if
they ask us to support them, that they should
allow us to select among them the candidate we
would be willing to support. If they will allow
us to select the man among them, the probability
is very great that we would present an unbroken
column. But the gentleman knows, and the other
side of the House knows, that there arc some of
our northern friends who cannot vote for an Amer-
ican. It would be their death at home; and the
idea of bringing us to the support of a man who
cannot command our entire vote, and who cannot
by any possibility be elected, is simply out of the
question. I would have no difficulty, I say here,
if we could concentrate our votes upon him, under
existing circumstances, in giving my support to
the gentleman from North Carolina. But it is a
most unreasonable demand, in the first place, that
we should be required to go over to him in a solid
column; and secondly, that they should select
among them the man for whom we should go.
Arid that gentleman, too, a man who has never
evinced the slightest liberality towards our side
of the House, by ever throwing his vote for us.
