1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
adversely to this claim, he -can do so in no better
Way than I propose.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will reflect for one moment, he will find
that the easiest mode to get rid of this question is to
pursue the course which I suggest. There is al-
ready on the'Private Calendar a bill reported for
the benefit of David Myerle Let the casego over.
I am willing to agree to that, and proposed it at
the start.
Mr. TAPPAN. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky allow the last clause of the report to be read ?
Mf. BURNETT. I. have no objection to that.
The Clerk rc'ad the clause. The Court of Claims
say in it that it is difficult to estimate, with accu-
racy, what would be an equitable sum to be paid
under the circumstances; but that if Congress
should be of opinion that justice required the
claimant to be indemnified to any extent, it was
for Congress to determine-thc amount.
- Mr. TAPPAN. It appears, as I stated, that
there is, in fact,-no adverse report from the Court
of Claims. But rather than have time consumed
by the reading of this report, I have no objection
that the matter shall lie over for the present'.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to the
reference. How is the investigation of the ques-
tion to be made by Congress? Oil that report?
Certainly not; but by a standing committee of
the House.
Mr. WALTON. The committee has already
reported it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I know it has.
The bill was passed over informally.
ADVERSE REPORTS FROM THE COURT 01? CLAIMS.
Mr. TAPPAN. I am anxious to dispose of
all the cases reported adversely from the Court
of Claims; and I propose to move that all of them
shall be laid aside, to -be reported to the House
with a recommendation that the reports be con-
curred in, except in those cases where gentlemen
may see fit to make a different motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
from New Hampshire to propose to let all the
adverse reports from the Cotirt of Claims go to
the House with a recommendation that the adverse
reports be concurred, in. •
Mr. TAPPAN.* Yes; excepting in those cases
where any gentleman makes a different motion,
and cRn give any good reason why the reports
should not be concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. In those cases where gcji-
tlemen do not wish the adverse reports concurred
in, what do-they propose to do ? Leave them on
the Calend&f'i
Mr.TAPPAN. I am perfectly willing to leave
that matter to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to have all these
cases reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that the reports of the Court of Claims be
concurred in; but I am unwilling to have.any of
these adversely-reported cases brought into the
House, and the report noil-concurred in. If a
case is to be reported on favorably, I want to have
an investigation of it. \
The CHAIRMAN. Then, the motion of the
gentleman from New Hampshire is, that all the
cases reported adversely by the Court of Claims
be reported to the House with a recommendation
that the House concur in the reports.
Mr. TAPPAN. That motion does not, of
course, include the first case- on the Calendar—
David Myerle's—which lies over.
Mr. BURNETT. If there be any gentleman j
who does not wish the House to concur m the re- j
port of the Court of Claims in any particular |
case, he may move to except it from this general
motion.
There being no objection to Mr. Tappam's prop- 1
osition, the following cases on the Calendar were :
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a |
recommendation that the reports of the Court of i
Claims be concurred in: i
An adverse report upon the petition of Joseph
Stokely and others, heirs of Nehemiah Stolcely;
An adverse report upon the petition of Jere-
miah M. Williams and others, heirs of Thomas
Williams;
An adverse report upon the petition of James
Thompson, surviving partner of C. M. Strader
&Co.;
An adverse repsrt upon the petition of Robert
Harrison;
An adverse report upon the petition of Abra-
ham R. Woolley; v
An adverse report upon the petition of the own-
ers and officers of the brig General Armstrong;
An'adverse report upon the petition of N. and
B. Goddard, executors of Nathaniel Goddard;
An adverse report upon the petition of Joseph
Clymer;
An adverse report upon the petition of Dennis
Cronans;
An adverse report upon the petition of C. An-
sart's heirs;
An adverse report upon the petition of J. L.
Worden;
An adverse report upon the petition of John H.
Waggaman;
An adverse report upon the petition of Thomas
C. Nye;
$.11 adverse report upon the petition of Mary
E. D. Blaney, administratrix of George Blaney;
An adverse report upon the petition of the State
of Alabama;
An adverse report upon the petition of Isaac
Bowman and George Bnnleer, surviving executors
of Isaac Bowman, deceased;
An adverse report upon the petition of James
H. McCulloh, executor of James McCulloh;
An adverse report upon the petition of the heirs
of Dr. James Thatcher;
An adverse report upon the petition of Henry
W. Morris;
An adverse report upon the petition of Alman-
zon Huston;
An adverse report upon the petition of the heirs
of Dr. George Yates;
An adverse report upon the petition of Charles
V. Stuart;
An adverse report upon the petition of Martin
B. Lewis;
An adverse report upon the petition of George
MeDougal;
An adverse report upon the petition of Herman
Hooker and others, representatives of James
Hooker, deceased; '
Ail adverse report upon the petition of Charles
St. John Chubb, executor of Lewis Warrington
and others.
An adverse report upon the petition of David
G. Barnitz, administrator of Lieutenant Colonel
David Grier;
An adverse report upon the petition of Samuel
F. Holbrook;
An adverse report upon the petition of James
McCormiclt;
An ad verse report upon the petition of Nathan-
iel Riddiek, administrator of Colonel Willis Rid-
dick;
An adverse report-upon the petition of Nancy
D. Holkar, administratrix of John Holkar;
An adverse report upon the petition of H. J.
Anderson, administratrix of Elbert Anderson;
An adverse report upon the petition of Lydia
R. Shreve and Walker R. Carter, administrators
of Henry M. Shreve;
An adverse report upon the petition of S. Cal-
vert Ford;
An adverse report upon the petition of Erastus
Williams, administrator of Elisha Tracey;
An adverse report upon the petition of Thomas
E. King;
An adverse report upon the petition ofFernando
Samaniegto;
An adverse report upon the petition of Nehe-
miah B. Northorp, administrator of John Lang-
don ;
An adverse report upon the petition of Willis
Bcnefield;
An adverse report upon the petition of Alexis
Port;
An adverse report upon the petition of George
N. Butt, survivor of Butt &. Black;
An adverse report upon the petition of James
Kearney;
An adverse report upon the petition of Elliott
Woodbury and Ezra Foster;
An adverse report upon the petition of Rufus
L. Baker;
An adverse report upon the petition of Harriet
B. Macomb, administratrix of General Alexan-
der Macomb, deceased;
An adverse report upon the petition of Rufus
Van Brunt;
An adverse report upon the petition of Peter N.
Pailletj
An adverse report upon the petition of William
H. Chase; ;
Art adverse report upon the petition of Richard
Steenburg;
An adverse report upon the petition of James
Valentine;
An adverse report upon the petition of William
Aubery;
An adverse report upon the petition of Israel
Ketcham;
An adverse report upon the petition of Richard
W. Meade, administrator of R. W. Meade, de-
ceased;
An adverse report upon the petition of Anthony
Addison, administrator of Margaret Leitch;
An adverse report upon the petition of Bias P.
Alviso;
An adverse report upon the petition of D. D.
Davidson, administrator of Daniel .Delozier;
An adverse report upon the petition of JVJary
Williams, widow of James Williams;
An adverse report upon the petition of Asbury
Kirk and others, heirs and legal representatives
of John Campbell;
An adverse report upon the petition of Edward
D. Tippett;
An adverse report upon the petition of Carlisle
& Cox, administrators of C. P. Van Ness, de-
ceased;
An adverse report upon the petition of John H.
Reilly, administrator of William Reilly;
An adverse report upon the petition of J. W.
Deeble;
An adverse report upon the petition of Hopkins
Lightner, executor of Stephen Pleasanton;
An adverse report upon the petition of Samuel
A. Smith;
An adverse report upon the petition of Josiah
F. Polk;  
An ad verse report upon the petition of Abraham
Martin;
An adverse report upon the petition of Sarah
B. Webber, administratrix of John A. Webber;
An adverse report upon the petition of Charles
A. Dubois de Luchet; and
An adverse report upon the petition of John A.
Merrill.
ANSON BART.
A bill (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of Anson
Dart.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department to pay, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Anson Dart, late superintendent of Indian
affairs in theTerritory of Oregon, the sum of §4,000
per annum, deducting therefrom §2,500 per annum
already received, for the time he served as such su-
perintendent, being from July 1,1850, to May 4,
1853; and also to settle with him upon principle^
of equity and justice, so as to indemnify him for
all moneys paid and expenses incurred by him for
the use and benefit of the Government, for the ser-
vices of an extra assistant clerk six months, and
for the board of the Indian interpreters employed
by him during his term of office as superintend-
ent.
The report wait read. It appears therefrom that
Anson Dart asks provision for the payment of
moneys due him for services rendered and ex-
penses incurred while in the discharge of his du-
ties connected with the Indian superintendency in
the country now including the State of Oregon and
the Territory of Washington", and presents the
following specification of his claims: 1. He asks to
be allowed the difference between his salary, as re-
ceived by him as superintendent as aforesaid, and
the salary established during his term of office for
the superintendent of Indian affairs in California.
2. To be allowed the amount paid by him for an
assistant clerk, for six months' service, to aid him
in his negotiation of Indian treaties. 3. To be al-
lowed for board of interpreters and of clerks em-
ployed by him ill his official business. 4. For his
j traveling expenses in returning to Washington to
j settle his accounts after his office had terminated.
5. For interest on moneys paid by him for the use
of the Government from time of payment. In sup-
port of his petition and of his several claims, the
facts were established that he was appointed su-
perintendent in June, 1850, and served as such
from July 1,1850, until May 4,1853, and duiing
that period had under his superintendency the In-
dian affairs in all the country now included in the
State of Oregon and Territory of Washington, as
