1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«
1459
set forth in his petition; that he was a faithful and
efficient officer, and discharged his duties to the sat-
isfaction of the Government; that during his term
of office peace and quiet were maintainedfeamong
all the Indian tribes under his care, and between
them and the white people around them, without
any resort to force, and without any extraordinary
expenditures.
At the time of his appointment to the office,the
salary, as fixed by law, was $2,500 per annum;
but that he accepted the appointment only upon
the assurance from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and from the Committee on Indian Affairs
in the Senate, that, in a bill then about to be re-
ported, establishing; the office and the pay of su-
perintendent of Indian affairs in California, a pro-
vision would be included which should make the
pay for each of the two superintendences of equal
amount. That while he was absent, engaged in
the duties of his office, a bill passed establishing
'the pay of the superintendent aforesaid in Cali-
fornia, at $4,000 per annum, but which, through
inadvertence or accident, when reported, did not'
include a change of the salary of the superintend-
<U)t, in Oregon, although such change had the
sanction and approval of the Indian bureau at the
time. Letters from Hon. D. R. Atchison, then
chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Af-
fairs; from Hon. Luke Lea, Commissioner; and
from Hon. Thomas Corwm, then Secretary of
the Treasury, confirm these statements. That,
apart from the understanding and expectation
aforesaid, the salary of $2,-500, in the then condi-
tion of the country, was an inadequate compensa-
tion for the services rendered and expenses incurred
by Mr. Dart. It was in evidence before the com-
mittee that at that early period, in that remote Ter-
ritory, the expenses of living were very large, no
less so than in California, and that the duties of
thesuperintendency were increased in 1851, by the
reorganization oftHe Indian department, by which
three treaty commissioners, at salaries of eight dol-
lars each per day, were dispensed with, and their
duties transferred to the superintendent, without
providing for him any additional compensation;
and that under this new law, Mr. Dart negotiated
not less than thirteen Indian treaties. That he
was also, as superintendent, the disbursing agent
for six Indian agencies, and that no money com-
mitted to him has ever been lost to the Govern-
ment, or is unaccounted for. That by the trans-
fer of the duties of the treaty commissioners, it
became necessary that the superintendent should
employ interpreters, and also additional clerk ser-
vice. That he^employed such interpreters, and
also an extra clerk for six months, at an expense
of $750, for which last he has not yet been al-
lowed. That by reason of the great expense ot
living, and the high price of labor in that distant
and then uncultivated and unsettled country, he
could not procure the necessary services of inter-
preters without furnishing-their .board, in addi-
tion to their stated pay. That this extra clerk
service and increased expense of interpreters may
be regarded as within the discretion allowed to
the superintendent by the terms of his instructions
from the Department of the Interior on his enter-
ing upon his office—instructions somewhat gen-
eral and indefinite, but referring much to' his dis-
cretion and judgment when he should arrive at
his post and should ascertain the necessities of his
position.
Mr. OLIN. I shall feel constrained to object
to the passage of the bill, except it is to be
subject to amendment. If these moneys were
properly expended, there is no reason why the
proper accounting officer should not allow them
at the Department. It would, therefore, require
no bill to be passed for this purpose. As to the
other clause of the bill, which provides that tho
man's salary shall be laised to the amount at
which the salary of the superintendent in Cali-
fornia was subsequently fixed by law, there is no
equity in that claim, any more than there would
be in'the claim of every other officer of the Gov-
ernment for back pay where the salary of the
office was afterwards raised.
Mr. EDWARDS. As I was instructed to
make the report in this case, I suppose itdevolvcs :
on me, there being objection to the bill, to state
somewhat the grounds on which the confljjuttce !
have acted. Mr. Dart was appointed superin- !
tendent of Indian affairs in 1850. He served hi I
that office for three years—from 1850 to 1853. !
His sphere of action was the Territory of Oregon,
comprising what is now the State of Oregon and
the Territory of Washington. He wfts the first
Indian agent that represented the Government in
that capacity on the western slope of the Rocky
Mountains. The Indians were very numerous in
the country, and the white population very sparse
—the census, which was taken after Mr. Dart
went there showing that there were only some
nine or ten thousand white inhabitants there. TWl
office was therefore one of \ery considerable re-
sponsibility, and involved very great personal
sacrifices.
In reference to the first clausc of the bill, I will
say that it was in evidence before the committee
that Mr. Dart, in consultation with Mr. Atchison,
the chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian
Affairs; with Mr. Lea, the then Commissioner of
Indian Affairs; and with Mr. Corwin, the then
Secretary of the Treasury, was promised—so far
as these gentlemen could promise—thatifhe would
at once enter on the discharge of these duties, the
salary, which was then nominally $£,500, should
be fixed at whatever salary would be allowed to
the superintendent of Indian affairs in California,
in a bill, the passagr^of which was then soon ex-
pected.
The committee was fully satisfied of these facts,
and all the members who were present—a consid-
erable majority of the committee—unanimously
concurred on all the points embraced m the bill.
Letters were laid before the committee from Mr.
Atchison, Mr. Lea, and Mr. Corwin, showing
that Dr. Dart accepted the office on the express
understanding that he should receive the same
salary as would be fixed for the superintendent
of Indian affairs in California; vnd therefore the
committee recommend that the difference shall be
allowed him.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New Hamshire a question, I under-
stand him to say that this superintendent of In-
dian affairs was in Oregon'for three years, and
that one reason why he accepted the office, was
bccause of a promise on the part of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs and of Sir. Corwin, and
perhaps of a member of a committee of the Senate,
that they would use their efforts to have the salary
raised to $4.U00 a year. Now, I desire to ask the
gentleman why the claimant could not have been
informed, and if he wos not informed, of the fail-
ure of Congress to raise the salaiy? lie knew
that fact; and why, if he was not satisfied with
the salary of $2,500, did he hold the office for
three years, when Congress failed to raise the
salary as he expected it would do when he accepted
the appointment? Why did not he resign if ho
was dissatisfied with the pay5
Mr. EDWARDS. If the Mouse will bear with
me, I shall be happy to answer any questions
which may be propounded to me. I will now
; answer the question of the gentleman from Geor-
I gin. The claimant, was appointed in 1850, and the
! salary of the superintendents in California was
i not fixed until 1852. It was one of those things
, which had been expected to be done by Congress:
j but which had been delayed, as not unfrequently
( happens. I do not mean to say that the assurance
, of those gentlemen that the salary would be raised
j is binding upon the Government; but I do say,
• that it was clearly proved before the commit-
! tee that there was a distinct understanding that
i the salary would be raised between the claimant
i and those gentlemen who had charge of the Indian
| affairs of the country; and that lie had a right to
suppose they had sufficient inilucncc to make good
, the encouragement which they had given to him.
That is the ground upon which we put his case.
; But the gentleman from Georgia says that Mr.
i Dart might have resigned his office. I have said i
i that the salary for the superintendents of Indian ;
: affairs in California -was not fixed until 1852. In j
1853 his term of office expired; and on his return, ;
he immediately presented his case to those who, J
he supposed, might perhaps relieve him, under j
these .circumstances.
Let me say here, that if was proved that in
1852, when this salary for the superintendents in j
California was established, the Commissioner of '
Indians Affairs did then address a letter to the j
Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, roc- j
ogmzing these assurances that had been given to ,
Mr. Dart, and recommending that they should be ;
carried out; but that letter was received the day \
after the bill in relation to the California superin-
tendents had passed through the Senate, without
including this provision.
I make these statements, believing that they
will impress the House', as they did the commit-
tee, that there is a strong equity in the claim, and
that it is but just that.thc bill shall be passed.
I desire now to say that when this claim was
first presented it was referred to a committee of
the. Senate, consisting of gentlemen who would be
of the highest authority in this House. It con-
sisted of Mr. Bell, of Tennessee; Mr. Rusk, of
Texas; Mr. Dodge, of Wisconsin; and Mr. Sjs-
bastjun*. That committee reported in favor of al-
lowing the claim; and Mr. Bell at that tiriic used
the language in relation to Mr. Dart which I now
ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Mr. Beli.. I wish to call the attention of the Senata
to one other fact, in confirmation of what has been said by
the Senator from Wisconsin and the Senator ftom Texas.
The committee took into consideration the principle stated
by the Senator from Virginia, that increased compensation
ihould not be allowed for services previously performed;
but they thought tiiis case was fairly exempt fiwm the op-
eration of that principle. We all admit that it is bad pol-
icy to make extia compensation to officers after their duties
have been discharged, and they are out of office. In this
cat-e, however, it seemed to the committee that there was
v >iy strong evidence—evidence which it was seaieely pos-
sible to tesiit—that this gentleman accepted the office with
the expectation, and with a positive promise, that his com-
pensation should be increased at that session of Congress;
! and that it was not increased inconscqucneeofan accident.
| u I under>tandfuither,asstated by the honorable Senator
i fiom Wisconsin, that during the three years while thisgen-
I tlemen was at the head of the Oicgon &uperintendcncy,Ue
[ pre&eived peace in*a large extent of country now cowprib-
{ mg the Territoues of Oregon and Washington. 1 do not
j beiievo there wa«s a<-ingle Indian distuibanco in that region
: while he was in office. My opinion has always been that
j it depended to a great extent on the officers of the Govern-
j ment whether oi not we had Indian wars, particulaily in
a countiv where the Indians are so small and are so much
j bioken up as they are in this region. I may, however, bo
I mis-taken in that. 1 do not wish to cast censmeon any
! one j but I think this gentleman is entitled to some divine-
tion for his services. In addition to the increased compen-
sation which it is proposed to allow him, I should be will-
ing, if it weie possible, to confci on him some testimonial.
When other officers who come here asking fer increased
compensation shall be able to show that they performed ah
j oidnous duties as this gentleman did, when lie encountered
. all the difficulties and privations of a new count v. at great
j personal expense, I should be willing to provide for their
I cases as coming within the same category."
j Mr. EDWARDS. I have now said all that I
! desire to say upon the first item of the claim,
j! The second item is, that he be allowed jjfb
amount paid by him for an assistant clerk for six
■ j months. Itwas in evidence before the committee
| that there were three Indian commissioneis when
j he went to Oregon,and that they were allowed to
i employ a clerk; that their offices were abrogated
I and their duties imposed upon him, and that, in
j addition to the regular clerk allowed to him os
j superintendent, he was obliged, in negotiatingthe
i treaties, to have the services of an additional clerk
; for six months. He negotiated thirteen Indian
; treaties during his period of service, and there is
] the evidence of the chief justice of the Territory
; that this extra service was necessary. The pres-
j' ent Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Thompson,
made a communication to a former committee
j1 from the Commissioner under him, stating that
this was a proper expenditure on the part of Dr.
\\ Dart, and was, in his judgment, required by tho
l! circumstances, and that it ought now to be al-
ji lowed. But, Mr. Chairman, he had not tho
; authority to allow it. This is not an appeal to the
j: legal judgment of this House, but to its good
!; sense'and discretion, to tjie equities of the case.
j: The next item in the account is, that hCtillowcd
j! for the board of interpreters. And here let me
ij say only, that m the negotiation of these trca-
;; tics, these interpreters were necessary—were ab-
ii solutely indispensable. Nothingcould have been
11 done without them. The pay provided by law
for them was but £500 a,year; and it is in evi-
dence by the chief justice of the Territory, that
they could not procure their board at that time in
the Territory for less than the entire amount of the
salary. The whole wus but ten dollars a week,
and their board was from ten to twelve dollars.
If any man in this House supposes that the ser-
vices of these individuals could have been ob-
tained on the terms proscribed by the law, then
they will say that this additional allowance was
unreasonable and unnecessary. Itwas proved to
the satisfaction of the committee that, without
the additional compensation, the services of these %
