2404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr.'FITCH. Not upon the printing of Post
Office blanks. Cannot the man see the distinction
when it is iaid down in the law itself?
Mr. CHANDLER. I read the evidence show-
ing that there were six orders given in one day.
How many orders could the Postmaster General
give,if six in one day, and six compositions in one
day, were not too much ? How many orders does
that make in a year ? It makes over two thou-
sand, andhc is paying composition on everyone.
Here is positive evidence that the Postmaster
General permitted six orders a day, when he
might just as well have given orders for all his
Post Office blanks, or at least orders for every
month, for ail the Post Office blanks he would
need for the month. A dollar a thousand was
low enough for printing them, but it was this
constructive plundering of the Treasury against
which we could not guard, and have not been
able to guard. I will not occupy the time of the
Senate now; I will resume this question when the
proper occasion comes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire to the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POLK. Before the vote is taken, I intended
to say a few words, and I shall say but a few
words. I had intended to vote for so much of the
amendment offered by the Committee on Finance
as comes up on the division, which has the effect
of bringing the vote on the question of striking out;
yet if I were satisfied that a suggestion, in the way
of an inquiry, pui by the Senator from Vermont,
is true, I could not so vote. That is, if i were
satisfied that, after striking out this clause, the
Postmaster General would be without discretion
to restore any mail service, I could not vote to
strike out; but, on inquiry from those whom I
suppose to know, I find that if the appropriation
which has been referred to, of §300,000, is contin-
ued in the bill, the effect will be to allow the Post-
master General to exercise a salutary and wise
discretion, which he can exercise better than any-
body else—much better than Congress can—as to
what routes ought to be restored. That being
the case, I shall be disposed to vote for striking
out. The Senator from Vermont asked, can ho
restore them ? If J, were satisfied that he could not
restore, I could not vote for striking out the por-
tion which the Committee on Finance propose to
strike out in the bill as it came from the House.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that I dis-
tinctly understand the gentleman. The proposi-
tion from the committee is to strike out that pro-
vision in the House bill which restores this service.
My view would be that, by passing the bill as it
is, and restoring the service, you still leave to the
Postmaster General the power he had before in
relation to these routes, as well as all others, and
that he could then discontinue what of them he
pleased on their merits; but I have heard some
gentlemen insist that if we restore these routes by
law, then he could not himself discontinue any
of them. I have heard that urged, but I have not
heard it urged here in debate. To me there does
not seem to be anything at all in that. It seems
to me that merely restoring this service leaves him
in statu quo, and he will discontinue those routes
he thinks proper to discontinue, on the merits of
each particular case. Now, in relation to the
§300,000, it is proposed by the committee, if 1
understand, if the Senate strike this clause out,
to strike out the $300,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That will be for the Senate to
say. If they prefer to leave it in, in order that
the Postmaster General may have the discretion
to restore such as he thinks proper to restore, the
Senate can so determine.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know they can; but the
gentleman knows very well that the arguments
and views of the chairman of the committee are
powerful here; and therefore the prospect of get-
ting it done will be very light when he avows to
us that he means to strike it out.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a matter for the con-
sideration of the Senate. If it seems to be the
wish of the Senate that we should have this addi-
tional appropriation, in order to let the Postmaster
General exercise that discretion, I am not opposed
to it. An additional appropriation of $300,000
cannot make much difference when he has power
to incur liabilities to such an amount as he has.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have prepared an amend-
ment which I have put in the hands of the
Senator from Ohio, as I do not wish to speak any
more about this bill. I desire it to be provided,
before this is stricken out, that notwithstanding
this proviso, he shall have the power to discon-
tinue any of this service thus restored, the same
as the other service.
Mr. POLK. I was about to observe, that I sup-
posed that if the $300,000, which has been referred
to, shall be continued in the appropriation bill,
then, undoubtedly, the Postmaster General, if this
clause is stricken out, will have it perfectly in his
power to restore; and that being the case, I am
disposed to vote for this amendment proposed by
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator will indulge
me. The only effect of that will be, that it would
enable him to restore all that service except that
which he has entirely discontinued; and after he
has dismissed the contractor he could not restore
it, except by new advertisement.
Mr. POLK. I vote for the amendment, first,
because I understand by that provision that the
Postmaster General is enabled hereafter to exer-
cise a sound and wise discretion, which he ought
to exercise, and in the exercise of which, I think,
lie will renew many of these mail routes. On the
other hand, if we retain the clause, he will cer-
tainly look on it as a congressional verdict of both
Houses of Congress, that his action in the diminu-
tion or curtailment of the service has been wrong,
has been injurious; that it has met the condemna-
tion of Congress. Now, sir, I am not willing to
put that officer in that condition. I believe him
to be a conscientious, faithful, and upright officer,
and a man who is well qualified to perform the
duties of the position he occupies; and I say that,
although I believe my own State has suffered from
his action more than any other State in the Union;
and on that I wish to say a few words.
it has been said that the reduction or the cur-
tailments—I take the table that stands connected
\Vith the Postmaster General's report, and 1 look
at the curtailments as being somewhat different
from the reductions; for it seems, from the subse-
quent report that ha* been made, that the deduc-
tions contemplated by the comprehensive use of
thatword arc more than the diminution of moneys
paid for the service, as shown m the annual re-
port—under the head of curtailments in Mis-
souri, there were curtailments to the amount of
§126,000. The reduction was greater than that;
but I am speaking now of' curtailments; and that
was equal to about one fifth part of the whole
amount of money expended for carrying the mails
in the State of Missouri.
The next largest reduction was in Texas; and
in Texas it was §85,459, which was about one
sixth part; but ill Missouri and in Texas the
amount was greater than in any other of the
States. I am one of those who believe that it is
not true that in all cases in which the curtailment
has been made in Missouri, the particular facts
of each individual case (and I think I know of
one certainly) justified the curtailments; but the
Postmaster General acted on his best discretion,
and in order to make his means go as far as pos-
sible to meet the emergencies in which ho was
placed. I believe, confidently, that when he has
means in his power, and has an opportunity of
looking over the whole field, he will restore these
and many other cases. I believe that he will re-
store these as far as the exigencies of the public
service and the means at his command will enable
him to make the restoration.
Now, sir, I was sorry to hear the statement
made by the Senator from Iowa, that there were
employes in the Post Office Department—I was
sorry, because I cannot think it is so—whose time
devoted to the performance of duties m the places
which they held is not more than twelve hours in
a month. I think it is due to the Postmaster Gen-
eral, it is due to the public service, that, if the Sen-
ator from Iowa knew of any such case as that, he
should have specified it. I think it was due to
me; because I would be as ready as that Senator,
or any other Senator can be, to correct that evil,
just as soon as it shall be pointed out.
Sir, I know, so far from there being a disposi-
tion to be free and lavish m the expenditure of the
public money by the Postmaster General, that in
my own State it is not only the reverse, but I
think it is the reverse to an extent that cannot be
justified. I will take the post office in my own
city of St. Louis. The surplus profits and emol-
uments of that .office are the third in the United
States. New York is the first, Boston is the sec-
ond, and St. Louis is the third; and yet there is
not furniture enough in the office to transact the
business of the office, and we have not been able
to get it, and I apprehend we shall not be able to
get it until Congress shall make an appropriation
for that purpose, which I hope they will make at
the present session, as soon as a favorable oppor-
tunity arises. I think that Senators, in speaking
in the general and in this indefinite way, ought to
specify the case, so that their fellow-Senators may
be enabled to apply the remedy. I, for one, am
not only willing, but anxious, to remedy any such
evil as has been in the general indicated by the
Senator from Iowa.
One other word of explanation I think it is
proper I should make, in regard to this great
overland mail service. I have listened with a
good deal of interest to what has been said on this
subject, especially as to what was said by the
Senator from Georgia, in which he spoke of this
service running coincident with the local service
for some four hundred miles, and I suppose the
fact is the Postmaster General curtailed on those
local routes. If he did not in that particular in-
stance, he has not curtailed as much as I think he
ought to have done. He has not curtailed on the
great overland mail route, because, as has been
well said, it was a congressional contract, and not
a departmental contract.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I will state to the Senator
that these local mail contracts could not be alto-
gether curtailed, because the overland mail only
carried the letters. Therefore, he could not do it
with propriety.
Mr. POLK. I do not profess to know what
the facts in each particular case of these local con-
tracts may be; but I am speaking in reference to
my impression produced by what was said by the
Senator from Georgia. Then, Mr. President,this
fact was referred to by the Senator from Mary-
land, and was drawn from the report of the Post-
master General, which I suppose to be correct in
that respect, that while the overland mail service
was, for the first year of its operation, costing the
Government §600,000, the amount realized from
it was only $,27,229 94. 1 am sorry I have not
some statistics with me which, I believe, I have in
my possession; but I will refer to one fact, which
1 will speak of upon recollection. More than a
month ago there were brought into the city of St.
Louis, by the overland route, upwards of fifteen
thousand letters. That, at ten cents a letter, which
is the postage on them, would make §1,500. That
mail comes into St. Louis twice a week, bringing,
on an average, that much. It goes out twice a
week, and takes out, on an average, that much.
Thus, for the fifty-two weeks in the year, at §1,500
a trip, we should have §312,000 as the income of
that service more than a month ago. Thus it had
run up from nothing to §27,229 at the time the
Postmaster General made the report, until at the
date to which I refer it had reached §312,000. It
will go on increasing, I have not the least doubt,
though I never did think the line was located on
the route which ought to have been selected for
it, until, before the contract expires, it will yield
enough to pay the annual expenditure that the
Government is compelled to make for it. It will
be borne in mind that when that route started it
was a grand experiment. Sir, there is not the
parallel of it on the face of the globe. The sun
does not shine upon such an enterprise. It runs
nearly three thousand miles, and most of that dis-
tance it runs through a desert, a savage country,
which is not only savage in the sense that it is un-
cultivated, but it is savage in the sense that it is
roamed over by the savages. It has never failed
to make its time, and always gone inside of the
time, I think, in every instance. When the first
trip was made, it was considered such a hopeless
experiment that I believe no letter, as such, forthe
purpose of bona fide communication for the trans-
mission of intelligence between a citizen on the
eastern side of the Rocky Mountains and a citizen
on the western side, was sent at all. There was
a letter of greeting sent. It turned out, however,
that the very first effort was a success, and it has
never failed to be a success in every succeeding
trip that has been made on that route.
Mr. President, for a good part of the tune that
is referred to by the Postmaster General, m whicn
