1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
persons could not be obtained. This allowance
■wras approved by the same authority to which I
have" already referred—that of Secretary Thomp-
son.
Now, sir, I will take up but little more of the
time of the committee upon this claim, for I know
that members are impatient in the consideration
of these private claims; but, sir, although this
claim may be of little importance in the view of
the House, it is important to the claimant; it is
his all. From the time he left Oregon he has been
attempting to get this tardy justice done him by
this Government. He has had thereportsof five
committees in his favor. Bills have passed the
House for his relief, and they have passed the
Senate; butit has been impossible to gettheaction
of both Houses in the same session. There is so
much difficulty in the manner of transacting our
business, that it is almost impossible to obtain,
not merely for the claims without merit, but to
obtain for the honest claims, the necessary action
of both branches in the same Congress.
Mr. Chairman, I liope that this bill, which
has been before thd House now for some four
weeks, may receive the speedy action of the
House, and may go to the Senate, that the peti-
tioner may receive that justice which-has here-
tofore been denied him, merely for want of neces-
sary attention. It was fully proved that he was
a faithful officer; that he managed the affairs of
the agency with great economy; that the whole
expenditures of his agency, including authorized
presents and supplies to the Indians, did not ex-
coed $24,000 ayear;that peace wain preserved dur-
ing Ins entire administration between the Indian
tribes,and between them and the white population
around them; that he negotiated thirteen Indian
treaties; and was the disbursing agent for six In-
dian agencies, and that all the money placed at his
disposal had been fully accounted for. Surely,
then, it is not too much to ask, in these days of
defalcation and dereliction of duty, thata faithful
public officer should receive at leastjustice on his
application to this House.
Mr. BURNETT. I have examined this case
carefully and attentively. I did it at the instance
of the claimant. I was exceedingly anxious to
do him justice, as I trust I am to do every man
justice who may have a claim against this Gov-
ernment; but I must confess, I arrived at a differ-
typt conclusion from the gentleman who has re-
ported this bill.
"What are the faots? In 1848 the Territory of
Oregon was organized. Ry a law then in force,
the Governor of that Territory was ex officio the
superintendent of Indian affairs. He discharged
the duties of both offices up to the time of the es-
tablishment of the office of superintendent of In-
dian affairs for the Territories of Oregon and
Washington. That is a matter of fact.
This is no new claim before Congress; it is one
that lias been pending for years; and, in my judg-
ment, it has neither law nor justice in it. The
facts are these: this gentleman' accepted the office
of superintendent of" Indian affairs in 1850, with
the full knowledge, on his part, that the salary
was $2,500 a year. He accepted and entered upon
the discharge of his duty, and for the three years
discharged his duties in'thatoffice faithfully. His
salary of $2,500 a year was paid out of the Treas-
ury,in accordance with law. And now what does
he ask of this House ? He asks that we shall pay
him f1,500 more. For what? The salary of the
superintendent of Indian affairs now for Oregon
and Washington is only $9,500. .That-is the
amount which the present superintendent receives.
You are asked to pay this man more than you
pay the Governors of the Territories—to pay him
more than you pay the judges of the Territory of
Utah. You are asked to pay lum §],500 a year
additional for each of the three years in which he
held office there, with the full knowledge and un-
derstanding on his part what his compensation
was to be. If gentlemen are prepared to do this,
I ask if they will not do it in every case where an
officer thinks his salary is not adequate to the
duties he has performed? Why, sir, it has been
contended for years that'the salary of the minister
fq China was not adequate, and that it ought to
be increased; and gentlemen have gone out there
with the expectation that the salary would be in-
creased; btJt I ask you if, for that reason, we
should be justified in going back and increasing
0 their salary ?
Well, sir, what else ? This man, who went out
there and continued to hold office for three years,
says that Vhen he went, there he had a vague
promise made himby the Commissioner oflndian
Affairs, and by some other persons, whose names
I do not now remember, that his salary would be
increased to $4,000 per annum. But it was not
done. Why, then, if he was not satisfied with
the compensation which he was receiving, did he
A>t resign and go hot/io r
Mr. EDWARDS. The gentleman, perhaps,
did not understand the remark I made, in reply
to a question that was propounded to me, that
the salary of the superintendent oflndian affairs
was not fixed for California until 1852—after Mr.
Dart had gone to Oregon.
Mr. BURNETT. Suppose it was not. He
entered upon the discharge of his duties with a
full knowledge of what the salary was to be, and
he has no claim, either in equity or in law, upon
this House, that we should go back and pay him
this $1,500 additional salary. Now, I ask the
gentleman what, from 1848 down to the time of
the establishment by law of this Indian superin-
tendency, was the salary of the Governor, who dis-
charged, ex officio, the duties of superintendent of
Indian affairs ? In 1850, I believe, this superin-
tendency was established. In 1855, if I am not
mistaken, the law establishing the supcrintend-
ency was repealed, and again the Governor was
made, cx officio, superintendent of Indian affairs.
Mr. STOUT. I will state to the gentleman that
he is in error m relation to that matter. The law
was changed in 1855, 1 believe, which provided
that the Governor should be superintendent of
Indian affairs; and again, the superintendent of
Indian affairs was appointed whose jurisdiction
included both Oregon and Washington Territo-
ries.
Mr. BURNETT. We have now a superin-
tendent of Indian affairs whose duties cover both
Oregon and Washington, and who receives pre-
cisely the same salary that was paid to Dr. Dart.
The salary has never been any higher. We find
that there are a number of gentlemen who are
willing to take mese offices at the salaries affixed
to them by the law; and that, after they have held
them for some time, they come to Congress and
ask for increase of salaries. 1 am, and have al-
ways been, opposed to this increase of salaries.
So much for that branch of the case.
Mr. Chairman, the bill ought to fail upon the
increase of salary demanded; but there is another
objection to the bill. If the claimant employed a
cleric for six months, and the services of that clerk
were needed, then he ought to be paid the amount
which Tie is out of pocket on that account. If a
clerk was necessary, then I am willing to go for
that part of the bill. I am willing that he shall
be paid the $>750, which he says is due for clerk
hire. The law fixes the pay of interpreters. It
provides that they shall receive so much. It was
the law when this claiment accepted the office.
Here in this claim there is a vague and indefinite
charge on that account, when there is no reason
why it should not be definite and exact. And
then there is not only a charge of $750 for clerk
hire, but there is a vague charge in addition to that
for extra clerk hire. He does not state the num-
ber of clerks, or the time they were employed, or
the duties that they performed. We are not told
whethcrthc clerks were necessary, or what service
they did for the country.
This account is to be settled upon terms, of
equity and justice. Now, sir, I would like ftn-
tlemen to tell me whether in that phrase " equity
and justice" they include the payment of inter-
est? If this claim be passed, and the account is
settled at the Treasury, is it the design of gentle-
men that interest shall be allowed on the amount of
the claim ? If the law authorized the payment of
these sums now asked for by Mr. Dart, then he
would have received them at the time, and there
would have been no necessity for him to come to
Congress; butthc law did not authorize theirpay-
ment, and what Congress gives him, it gives him
outside of law and in the exercise of its legis-
lative discretion; and I hold that interest cannot
be claimed with any justice, and I insist that it
ought not to be allowed. 3
What does this claimant ask at our hands ?
First, that we shall give him an increase of salary;
secondly, that we shall allow him for clerk hire,
when he givesus no proof that it was needed; and,
in the third place, that we shall allow him for board
of interpreters. The?e are two charges for clerk
hire, and we have no statement of the amount on
that lie®. In addition to all that, we are asked
to allow him Interest. Is this a claim, Mr. Chair-
man, that appeals to the equity and justice of the
Representatives of the people ? Is this a proper
matter for the exercise of the discretion of this
House in making such a grant? I do not think
that it is. Gentlemen on the other side admit
that we arc asked to pay to this claimant money
which the law would not allow him. We are act-
ing upon our sound discretion. While 1 will
always vote for just claims upon the Treasury,
which may not come within the provisions of the
law, I cannot be induced to vote for any that are
evidently unjustand unfounded. I therefore can-
not vote for this claim of Anson Dart.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Mr. Chair-
man, I regret that my friend from Kentucky
should feel called upon to oppose this bill. If*
there ever was a just private claim before Con-
gress, then this is one. Let me state the facts in
this case. In 1850, Anson Dart, then,as now, a
citizen of the State of Wisconsin, was appointed
a superintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon.
Previous to that time, he had received an appoint-
ment to the position of charge d 'affaires to the
Argentine Confederation. There"is a letter on
file from Mr. Clayton, then Secretary of State,
stating that his appointment was agreed upon to
that office, with a salary of $4,500 perannumand
an outfit of a like amount. About that time this
superintendency oflndian affairs for Oregon wan
created, and it was desirable to have some gentle-
man to fill that place who was acquainted with
Indian affairs; some gentleman who had experi-
ence among the Indians.
Dr. Dart was solicited to accept the office of
superintendent and to forego his appointment to
the Argentine Confederation. Thereason fortius
was his known fitness for the appointment, by
reason of his high character and familiarity with
all matters pertaining to-,the Indians. A brother-
in-law of George Catlin, the celebrated painter,
and in company with him, he had visited nearly
all the Indian tribes from the frontiers of Mexico
to "the Red River of the North, and had acquired
a familiarity with the language and manners of
the red man such as few other persons possessed.
Dr. Dart declined to accept this appointment, and
urged as a reason the utter inadequacy of the
salary, and signified his unwillingness to yield
up his appointment as a minister to South Amer-
ica. Mr. Ewing, then Secretary of the Interior;
Mr. Luke Lea, then Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs; and Mr. Atchison, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, assured
him that, if he would take the appointment, the
salary of that superintendency should be raised
to the amount proposed to be given as salary to
the superintendent of Indian affairs for Califor-
nia—an office about to be established. ^
Mr. CRAWFORD. Upon what authority was
that assurance given ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will an-
swer the gentleman. Thd Hon. Daniel Wells, jr.,
a Representative' of the State of Wisconsin in the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, when this bill was pend-
ing, made a statement, which I will repeat for the
information of the House. 1 read from the Con-
gressional Globe. He said " that ho had called
upon Mr. Lea, the Commissioner of- Indian Af-
fairs at the time of Dr. Dart's appointment, and
asked him what was the understanding between
Dr. Dart and himself when the? appointment was
made. He replied that Dr. Dart had declined to
accept it, on account of the smallness of the sal-
ary. He stated further, that several conversa-
tions took place between Mr.Lca, Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and Mr. Atchison, chairman of
the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, and Dr.
Dart; and that, finally, Dr. Dart was assured, if
he accepted the appointment and went to Oregon,
that provision would be made to give him a sal-
ary of §4,500." The salary was afterwards fixed
for the superintendent of Indian affairs for Cali-
fornia at $4,000, and not $4,500, as was expected.
Mr. CRAWFORD. What authority had the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to pledge the
American Congress to raise this salary to the
amount stated?
WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. None at
all, sir.
