440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
man in the Democratic party who is a national
man, be he a Lecompton or an anti-Lecompton
Demociat. That is all I desired to say.
Mr. HATTON. Believing, sir, that the dis-
cussion which has been progressing in this House
for nearly six weeks, has been, so far as an or-
ganization is concerned, wholly'profitless, it has
been my fixed purpose not to participate m it.
This purpose has been well known to gentlemen
upon this side of the House, and was not changed
until after I heard the speech of my colleague, [Mr.
Wright.] I think proper now to submit a few
remarks to the House.
Who is responsible for the delay in the organ-
ization of this body? I am not. The party with
which it is my pride and pleasure here to act is
not. Those gentlemen, or a number of them,
who have undertaken to speak for the Democratic
party, have roundly asserted that their party was
not responsible for it. The distinguished gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mi\McRae] struck the
key-note, and it has been caught up by other gen-
tlemen, and two of my colleagues have repeated
it. Distinguishing, Mr. Clerk, between the ar-
guments of these gentlemen and the gentlemen
themselves, I am sure they will not consider me
discourteous when I say that their reasoning has
scarcely risen above respectable sophistry.
What is the object which they claim to be so
anxious to attain ? The defeat of Mr. Sherman.
That, they would have the country to understand,
is the paramount consideration with them. Their
denunciations of his party audits policy have been
bitter. In the contemplation of his election they
have grown indignant and eloquent. The triumph
of Republicanism in hits election will, they say,
put in peril the lives and property of our constit-
uencies. The rights and honor of the South, they
declare, must be vindicated by his defeat.
Now, if they desire to accomplish this groat
end; if the defeat of the Republican party is their
great object; I submit it to them that they should
adopt the means by which that object can be ef-
fected. In the common affairs of fife, when men
decline to do the only thing by \*hic.h they can
attain a given end, the world is apt to think that
they do not want to accomplish it.
Now, Mr. Clerk, can Mr. Sherman be defeated?
If he can, is there more than one way by which
that can be done? If there be but one way, and
Democrats decline to follow m that track, the coun-
try will say that they are not much in earnest.
Can any regular Democrat—one of the ninety on
this side of the House—be elected ? It is admitted
in argument that the votes of the regular De-
mocracy and of the southern Opposition party
cannot elect.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I just desire to say
that the southern Oppositionists and the Demo-
cratic party proper combined do not constitute a
majority of the House; but if they unite, we will
be certain to get enough from the other small party
to elect.
Mr. HATTON. Aha! [Laughter.] Meaning
no disrespect to the distinguished gentleman from
Virginia, I repeat " aha!" He indorses what T
have said, that the-regular Democracy and the
southern Opposition party cannot elcct. The gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. McRae,] in his
argument addressed to the House some weeks ago,
stated such to be the case. But he said that, if
the friends of the South would join their shields
with the regular Democracy, some refractory
members of the Democratic party would be brought
into position. I do not intend to make any re-
marks that will render it necessary for any one of
the anti-Lecompton Democrats to inteirupt me;
but I will suggest that, when the srcntlcman from
Mississippi [Mr. Davis] rose in his place the other
day, and said that, so soon as the southern Op-
position party took position with the regular De-
mocracy, those anti-Lecompton men would come
instantly and take their position with us, and
make an election, one of those gentlemen got up
and said:
" Without m^aninjj any disrespect 'to the gentleman, he
i-5 dMfcunimg what he had 110 right to assume."
The House will recollect that.
I wish to make another suggestion. When the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botei.er] nomin-
ated his colleague, [Mr. Millson,] it was sup-
posed by many members that there was about to
be a union of the regular Democracy and the south-
ern Opposition party. It was then announced
by one of the anti-Lecompton Democrats, [Mr.
Clark, of New Yoik,] that an election could not
be had on that gentleman. Now, I say to the
honorable gentleman from Mississippi that he
must excuse us from going into a series of experi-
ments on members of his own party,to ascertain
how they will vote. When some gentleman of
that party can rise in his place and say, by author-
ity, that he can promise votes enough, with ours,
to elcct a Democrat, then, and not till then, can
there be any propriety in' the invitation which
they extend to us to join our votes to theirs.
Now, Mr. Clerk, there cannot be an election by
the union of the southern Opposition and the reg- i
alar Democracy; and so far as our going to the
Democracy is concerned, until there can be an
election by their party on receiving our votes, for
my single self, meaning no unkindncss to any-
body, I decline to vote with them. I have reasons
which are satisfactory to myself, for this course,
with which, for the present, it is unnecessary to
trouble this House.
The southern Opposition cannot elcct a regular
Democrat if they give him their entire vote. This
is a fact, about which there is no necessity of ar-
gument. But is there any way by which Mr.
Sherman, the candidate of the Republican party,
ran he defeated? There is no way except for
" southern and national men to rise in their maj-
esty," as a Democratic member has told us to do,
and, disregarding petty political distinctions, to
unite upon Mr. Gilmer, or some one of the south-
ern Opposition party. Now, when a man comes
to me, as many have done, and says " we are all
southern men; between us there is but a slight
difference of opinion, and that upon immaterial
questions," I meet him kindly; but when it is an-
nounced m argument, that it will not do to elect a
southern Know Nothing, to use the courteous and
elegantphraseology of my colleague, I doubt very
much 
Mr. WRIGHT. I want to know of my col-
league if his party in Tennessee are not known
by that more than by any other name?
Mr. HATTON. It was stated to my colleague
the other day that we ignored that expression,
and that the name we have applied to ourselves,
is the southern Opposition. Now, your party is
j sometimes called the Locofoco party, but I do not,
on the floor, ehoose to so characterize it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask my colleague if, before
his party made its last change of name, it was not
known as the Know Nothing part)0
Mr. HATTON. I will have no argument with
my colleague about the expression to which I have
made reference. I alluded in pleasantry to the
name he chose to gi\c me; I carc nothing about it;
I certainly have no feeling about it-, and if he will
just keep quiet, 1 will proceed with my remarks.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire simply to say, that
in terming my colleague's party the Know Noth-
ing party, I meant no disrespect at all,either to him
or to any member of his party; and I interrupted
him now only bccause I thought he did not treat
me with proper courtesy in referring to what he
i termed my elegant and courteous phrase, in a
sneering way.
Mr. HATTON. Very well: I hope the gen-
tleman will m future class us as the southern Op-
position. Now. sir, to return to the argument,
which has been slightly broken in upon by my
colleague's interruptions. 1 repeat that there is no
mode but one by which any member in this body
can be elected over Mr. Sherman. I propose to
show that on three several occasions this could have
been done, had the Democratic party given us
their votes. Upon the HJth day of December there
was a ballot, in which were east two hundred and
twenty-seven votes; one hundred and fourteen were
necessnry to elect, of which Mr. Gilmer, of the
State of North Carolina, received thirty-six votes;
Mr. Bocock received eighty-six votes; making
m all one hundred and twenty-two—eight more
than was necessary for an election. Upon the 22d
day of the same month, a ballot was had, in which
two hundred and twenty-three votes were cast—
one hundred and twelve necessary to a choice.
Mr. Millsox received seventy-nine and Mr. Gil-
mer received thirty-six, and there were five scat-
tering Democratic votes, making in all one hun-
dred and twenty—eight more tlmn was necessary
to an election. Upon the 9th day of the present
month, a ballot was had, in which two hundred
and nineteen votes were cast; one hundred and
ten being necessary to an election. Mr. Hamil-
ton received eighty-eight, Mr. Gilmer twenty-
two, Mr. Stokes one; in all, one hundred and
eleven—one more than was necessary to elect.
Mr. Gilmer, on these ballotings, was receiving
the votes of members from New Jersey and Penn-
sylvania, putting it in the power of the Democ-
racy to elect him if they had felt disposed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman will
permit me to remark right here, that if Mr. Gil-
mer's vote on that last ballot had been cast for
Mr. Hamilton, he would now have been Speaker
of this House.
Mr. HATTON. I thank the gentleman very
much for the interruption, because it enables me
to make a remark in relation to a statement made
the other day by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] which I might otherwise have
forgotten. The ^ntlemon stated that, upon this
ballot, those who voted for Mr. Gilmer could
have come within one vote of electing Mr. Ham-
ilton. But the gentleman did not take into con-
sideration the fact that the votes of Mr. Nixon,
of New Jersey, and Mr. Morris, of Pennsylva-
nia, were included in Mr. Gilmer's vote, and that
those gentlemen do not belong to the southern
Opposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am sure the gentleman
would not misrepresent me.
Mr. HATTON. Certainly not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I will correct the gen-
tleman, by saying that the vote to which I re-
ferred was on Saturday; and that upon that vote
Mr. Nixon and Mr. Morris did not vote for Mr.
Gilmer.
Mr. HATTON. Then I beg the gentleman*s
pardon. He has set himself right. But on the
ballot to which he refers, the vole of Mr. Gilmer
would not have elected Mr. Hamilton, falling
short one vote.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say a single word.
Mr. HATTON. I do hope, Mr Clerk, that
unless I misstate the position of gentlemen, or
unless I misstate the facts, I shall not be inter-
luphd.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow me
to explain, I will not detain him but a minute.
Mr. HATTON. Tf I have misstated any fact,
I will allow the gentleman to correct me: but, sir,
I have not interrupted any gentleman during this
discussion, and I do not like to be interrupted un-
less I misstate facts.
Mr. LOGAN. I will not interrupt the gentle-
man; but I desire to say in explanation 
Mr. HATTON. Iwant no explanation.
Mr. LOGAN. What I desired to refer to was
the position of the Democratic party in the North-
1 west, and particularly in the State from which I
come.
Mr. HATTON. I do not want to discuss the
politics of the gentleman's district or State. It
has nothing to do with my aigument; and the gentle-
man will excuse me if I decline to be interrupted.
I do not mean to be unkind to the gentleman, with
whom I have not the honor of an acquaintance.
Now, Mr. Clerk, it is demonstrated that the
united vote cast for the Democratic candidate, and
the vote cast for the candidate of the southern
Opposition, would have elected a southern man
over Joiin Sherman. Here is a point in my argu-
ment where 1 choose to rest for one moment. I
submit to Democrats whether it is possible that
the great Democratic party, which, to use the lan-
guage of its prophets and apostles, is the only
j hope of the South, of the Union, and of theCon-
I stituQon, is indifferent between the election of
i John Sherman and a southern man, Mr. Gilmer,
who has been declared by gentlemen of the Dem-
ocratic party in all his personal relations of life
to be above reproach; who is distinguished for his
high moral and social qualities; and who is, I un-
derstand, the largest slaveholder in this body.
Is it possible, sir, that this great Democratic party
is indifferent between his election and the election
of Mr. Sherman, the mdorser," as they style
him, " of the Helper book"—a book in which
our Democratic friends say, and I agree with
them, there arc doctrines at war with the Union,
the Constitution, and the rights and honor of the
South?
My colleague, [Mr. A\ery,] in the argument
he addressed to the House some ten days ago,
suggested a reason why he did not feel disposed
to cast his vote for Mr. Gilmer. Another col-
