1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2405
ho puts the earnings at $27,229, no letter was al-
lowed, by the instructions from the Department,
(if I am not mistaken, and I do not think I am,) to
be carried over that route, unless it was marked
on the back of the letter to be transmitted by this
overland route. Notwithstanding that, when the
experiment was shown to have been a success, the
postage increased, until now that restriction is
taken off, and the earnings of it have run up, as
I said, a month ago, to the rate of over three hun-
dred thousand dollars a year. I say this, Mr.
President, because I think there are wrong im-
pressions in regard to this overland route. The
Senator from Georgia spoke of its only carrying
so many letters as could be put in the pocket of a
man who rode on a mustang pony. The Senator
from Georgia is not so well informed on that sub-
ject as he is on most other subjects that he ad-
dresses the Senate upon, I am afraid. Sir, it has
got to be the most reliable mode of communication
between the Atlantic and the Pacific, and that not-
withstanding the immense distance that it is com-
pelled to travel.
Besides, Mr. President, I think it was out of
place to mention this contract in connection with
the question now before the Senate. It is a con-
gressional contract. These parties, on their part,
have kept it faithfully. They have never failed
to perform the service. I do not think that, in the
discussion upon the amendment that is now be-
fore the Senate, it is proper to refer to that con-
tract at all. The time will come, perhaps, when
it may be proper; but when we do corae to it, it
will be found that the Government, on its side, will
be called upon to keep its faith with these con-
tractors, who, on theirside, have scrupulouslyand
conscientiously kept their faitli. They have never
failed to perform the service, although they have
been subjcct to depredations by the Indians, and
have lost very heavily by having their stock run
off by the Indians.
Mr. President, there is one other matter that I
wish to refer to. I am in favor of this amendment
offered by the committee, on the ground that, as
the House bill stands, there is another provision
contained in it which—I think differently from the
Senator from Vermont on that point—is objection-
able; and that is that provision which requires
payment to be made for carrying the mail where
ever it has been carried, notwithstanding there
may have been a curtailment. Instances of this
soil probably have occurred. 1 know in some
instances—in one at least—this curtailment was
made, and it was made under such circumstances
as compelled the parties who had the contract to
give it up and submit to a sacrifice, a sale of their
stock, and a heavy loss on tlicir investment in
stock and stations on the line. Other parties
bought them out, bought their stock, bought their
contracts, and bought on the faith that they were
to receive the curtailed compensation that was al-
lowed by the Department. They have gone on,
it may be, and have carried the mail; but in car-
rying it, they have done so, I suppose it is but
fair to presume, with an expectation that tiiey
would be paid according to the rate that was al-
lowed by the Department at the time they made
the purchase; and now we increase it, we give
them a bonus just to the extent of that increase.
The Senator from Vermont said another thing
which is very true, and I hope the Senator will
bear it in mind, not only in regard to this partic-
ular amendment, but in regard to other cases to
which it may apply. The mail that is carried, in
many instances, and in some instances I know,
.is just about enough, if it goes weekly, for in-
stance, to load a four-mule post coach. The con-
tractor has gone on and carried to a certain point.
He has been prompt in carrying the mail; and at
that point the Postmaster General steps in and
curtails it. The amount of mail service is not
decreased at all. Instead of carrying it weekly,
for instance, he carries it semi-monthly only;
but the amount that is to be carried is just as
much as before the curtailment took place. Now
when the party wishes to start out semi-monthly
with his mail, instead of carrying it in one four-
mule post coach, lie must put on two more mules
in order to carry it; and he not only doesnot carry
it at any reduction of expense, but at an increase
of expense. I hope the Senate will not forget that
that fact exists as such in many instances in which
curtailment has been made.
Now, sir, I say that, notwithstanding the on-
erous way in which this curtailment has operated,
and especially in my own State, (and I believe it
has been felt more sever)y in Missouri than any
other State in the Union, and I have briefly hinted
at the facts which show it,) yet I think that, look-
ing at the interests of the service, the condition
which this Department occupies, the means which
it has the control of, the necessity of the public,
we had better take the amendment offered by the
Committee on Finance, and leave, by other enact-
ments, funds at the disposition of the Postmaster
General, by which he may be enabled to restore
the mail, in so far as, upon his good judgment,
the public interests may require it to be restored;
and I have no doubt that it will be restored to all
necessary remedial extent.
Mr. RICE. I wish to call the attention of the
honorable Senator from Vermont" to one word.
I understood him to say, a few moments ago,
that the Postmaster General had not the power
to reinstate or restore service upon routes which
had been discontinued.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said this; where he has
discontinued the service, and this statute passes
restoring that service, some gentlemen insist that,
inasmuch as it is restored by law, he cannotagain
discontinue it. I do not think it is so; but to pro-
vide against that, I shall propose an amendment
declaring that it shall have no such effect.
Mr. RICE. 1 wish to state, in answer to the
question of the Senator from Missouri, that the
practice of the Department has been this: the De-
partment discontinues a route; it has the power
to restore it, and has frequently done so, giving
it to the same contractor whenever the service
requires it. That was one point. That has been
the custom. I wish now to call the attention of
the Senator from Vermont to one other point,
which has not been touched upon here, and that
is this: if the proviso remains in the bill, the
Postmastei General will be compelled to lestoie
all the scrvice, but I agree with him that he can,
the next day or the next week, whenever he shall
deem it necessary, discontinue it again; but the
point is, whenever he shall discontinue any such
service, he must give one month's extra pay to
the contractor; thus creating a heavy expense,
paying a large amount without any service
whatever.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. .SLIDELL. Before the Senate adjourns,
I hope the Senator from Virginia will consent that
the consideration of the bill be postponed until
Wednesday.
Mr. HUNTER. I will not be in the Senator's
way to-morrow, as it is a personal matter. There
is no necessity for postponing the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 28, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PACIFIC ItAILItOAD.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 646) to secure contracts and make provision
for the safe, certain, and more speedy transporta-
tion, by railroad, of mails, troops, munitions of
war, military and naval stores between the At-
lantic and those of the Pacific States, and for
other purposes; it having been assigned for this
day as a special order.
Mr. CORWIN. I move to postpone the spe-
cial order until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. It is already a special order
for to-morrow.
Mr. CORWIN. I move, then, to make it the
special order for Tuesday and Wednesday.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask if there is not a special
order for Wednesday already?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
Wednesday has been assigned as a special order
for the printing bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the postponement.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill was made a special
order for to-day and to-morrow by the unanimous
consent of the House. Do I understand that it
can be postponed without general consent?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it
may be.
Mr. HOUSTON. By a majority vote?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope it will not be postponed.
Mr. ELIOT. This is suspension day; it ought
to be postponed.
Mr. CURTIS. I want a fair understanding in
reference to this matter. There is no subject that '
can come before the House of more importance
than that we have now before us. I am not going,
however, to make any factious opposition, if it is
the will of the House that we shall devote Tues-
day and Wednesday to it, instead of to-day and
to-morrow; but if Wednesday is to be devoted
to a special order already made for that day, so
as to give but one day for the consideration of this
matter, I shall resist the postponement by every
legitimate means in my power.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is already one special order pending for
Wednesday.
Mr. CURTIS. I should like to inquire of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, why he wishes
to have this business postponed. There must be
some matter of very great importance that would
induce the gentleman to postpone the Pacific rail-
road bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say a single, word.
When the Pacific railroad bill was made a special
order for Monday and Tuesday of this week, a
single objection would have defeated the order.
I consented to the assignment of these two days
only because it included Monday, which, as every
one knows, is usually wasted. I did it to prevent
a repetition of the general and disreputable scram-
ble which occurred on Monday last, disgraceful
alike to the House and the country. But for the
fact that the order covered this day, I should not
have consented. Now, I ask if it is fair, when
these days have been set apart under those cir-
cumstances, for the House to postpone the special
order?
Mr. CORWIN. I should be very sorry to see
the House precipitated into a scene of confusion
such as is apprehended by the gentleman from
Alabama. But my object is to do some business;
not to create turmoil. I have been informed, hav-
ing been unfortunately absent for the last two or
three weeks, that this special order has been dis-
cussed to some extent; and I am informed that
there is a very general disposition manifested to
have a little ttme to consider this very important
measure. I suppose there arc very few men in this
House who object in, toto to some Pacific railroad,
though every gentleman desires to have his par-
ticular bill passed.,
Now, sir, there is the light-house bill, which,
as I understand, it is impossible to get at unless
we have an opportunity to move a suspension of
the rules. This is suspension day, and I do not
think it is proper that the House should, by the
consideration of the special order on this day,
prohibit, in this emergency, attention being given
to other business which can be attended to only
on suspension day. I therefore move to postpone
the spccial order until Wednesday.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to amend
that motion by substituting Tuesday and Thurs-
day, Wednesday having been already designated
for the consideration of another special order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair
one question. Was any member of the House
entitled to the floor when the House last had this
question under consideration ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Texas
had the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the gentleman from
Ohio could not have the floor to move to postpone.
Mr. REAGAN. I have yielded the floor.
Mr. CORWIN. I will accept the amendment
of the gentleman from New York. I move that
the special order be postponed untilTuesday and
Thursday.
Mr. REAGAN. I understand that Wednesday
has been fixed for the consideration of another
special order; and if we fix Thursday for the con-
sideration of the Pacific railroad bill as a special
order, I desiie to know if that spccial order, hav-
ing been first set apart, will not prevent the Pa-
cific railroad from coming up on Thursday ?
