442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Mr. HATTON. I do not remember distinctly,
but I believe that he got all the votes but one.
. Mr- MOORE, of Alabama. My recollection
is not that way.
Mr. HATTON. It is certain that he could get
them all, whenever there is any probability of
electing him.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. The gentleman has
stated thatMr. Boteleii was nominated before the
withdrawal of Mr. Bocock.
Mr. HATTON. I did not state that.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I took the re-
sponsibility of putting Mr. Boteler in nomina-
tion, and I did so without the dictation of any
caucus, or because of any consultation with my
own party as a party. I nominated Mr. Boteler
because I had then, as I have now, confidence in
him as a true southern man. But, sir, I want it
to be understood that the nomination of Mr.
Boteler was not made until after Mr. Bocock
had withdrawn from the contest.
Mr. HATTON. I have been noticing some
of the alleged difficulties 'stated by gentlemen to
be in the way of giving their support to Mr. Gil-
mer, of North Carolina. Among other things,
he is an American The point I desire to make
here is, that the same objection was made to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Boteler.] He is
a good and true man; but for the Democracy to
elect him—to vote for one of the American party—
would be to make " this House a slaughter-house
of northwestern Democracy." This was the lan-
guage of a Democrat upon this floor. Again, sir, it
was said by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
McRae,] in his argument, that it was unreason-
able to expect that eighty-eight regular Democrats
would go over to a party that could command only
twenty-three votes. Another reason he assigned
was that the American party had not the control
of a single State government. With all deference
to the gentleman, I will say that 1 think that has
no legitimate connection with the argument which
we are addressing to each other, as southern gen-
tlemen. If Mr. Gilmer is one of the South, in ,
the language of the honorable gentleman from i
South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] "if he is one of the
one hundred and twenty that stand upon tins floor
in oppositon to the Republican party," 1 do not
think there is then any great weight 111 the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Mississippi.
Now, sir, because I happen to be one of twenty-
three, and he happens to be one of eighty-eight,
is no reason, as I understand it, why my position
as a southern man should not be quite as good as
his. With all kindness to the gentleman, I sug-
gest that I represent quite as many people, as much
of intelligence and virtue, as he, and, perhaps, of
property. Yes, sir; my district is quite as large
and quite as important as the one he so ably rep-
resents, and as southern Representatives our po-
sitions are the same. Then why, in view of his
argument, any distinctions between us ill determ-
ining the claims of the one or I he oilier to a given
office >
But he says we are to go over to him to unite
the South. I have great respect for the opinion
of that distinguished gentleman, [Mr. McRae;]
but I submit to him, if there is anything to be
accomplished by a union of the South, whether
that object could not quite as well be attained by the
Democrats uniting with the southern Opposition,
especially when the union of the Democrats with
the Opposition teill make a southern man Speaker:
while our union with them in a united vot  will
be but an empty parade, having 110 piactical re-
sult following it.
My object is to set the party witlf which I am
acting right before the House and the country.
Now, sir, my colleague [Mr. Wright] the other
day, in his reply to the speech of Ins colleague,
[Mr. Stokes,] said that lie was astonished that,
in the arguments addressed to the House by the
southern Opposition party, 110 war had been made
upon the Republican party, but that all our shafts
had been directed at the men of the Democratic
party. My colleague did nothsten to the speeches
of his colleagues, nor read them, or certainly he
would not have made that statement. Mr. Nel-
son, in his speech, did make war upon the Repub-"
lican party. He said they had avowed certain
doctrines which he did not mdoise, but which he
repudiated, and most decidedly condemned. Such,
also, was the character of the remarks of Mr.
Stokes. I assure my colleague [Mr. Wright]
that he is doing those gentlemen and my party in-
justice in endeavoring to create the impression that
there is no antagonism between those colleagues of
his and the Republican party. He asks, why aie
we attacking the Democratic party ? Now, i de-
sire the attention of the House a moment in this
connection. When wc'assembled here, the pur-
pose of those with whom I act was to take no part
m any discussion between parties in this House,
but, if possible, to go practically to work, and se-
cure an organization. What was done? Why,
gentlemen upon this side of the House rose at
once, and, in their arguments, said to us, "you
ought to unite with us; you are but a fragment;
we are a great party; you are doing yourselves
injustice, and doing the South injustice, m not
taking a position at once with us." The news-
papers printed in this city also commenced their
assaults upon us, when we had made no attack
upon anybody.
The States and Union of this city, on the 19th
December, used this language:
"The Crisis—The honor of the Democratic party im-
peratively demands tliat its Representatives 111 the House
shall carefully avoid the advancement to the Speakership
of any member of that body who is imbued with Know Noth-
ing proclivities.
" The honor of the Democratic party imperatively de-
mands that its Repiesentatives in the House shall exert all
their influence to prevent the elevation of any member of
that body who affiliates with Know Notlnngism to a posi-
tion fiom wlueli it is possible for him to be translated, in
virtue of such position, to the Presidency of the United
States.
''The honor of the Democratic party imperatively de-
mands that its Representatives in the House shall adhere
faithfully to the end—whatever the end—to the uneompio-
misuiK hostility wllicll animated it m the congressional
elections of the present and last years, against the demoral-
izing and disunionizing tendencies of Knovi Nothingism 111
the South and abolitionism in the North."
Again, on the 20th of December, the same
paper, speaking of the Republican and American
parties, says:
"There is no good in either. If they were put into 'a
ba<? and severely shaken,' no mortal could tell 'which
would come out first.' Thoy are alike the enemies of the
State, and both must be politically crushed, if that invincible
Demociacy winch has imparted to the State all the honor
and glory which it enjoys in its prosperity and greatness, if
the fc>rate is to bo pruseived in its pnsttne integrity.
Kor the Deinocmey to coalesce with either as a meas-
ure of expediency, would be to get a grease spot upon its
unsullied garment, which would bignify in all coming time
that it had fx'rn m .shabby company.-'
Mr. REAGAN. With the permission of the
gentleman, Mr Clerk, I desire to say that I think
the action of the Democratic members upon this
floor ought to be better evidence to the gentleman
of the manner in which his party is regarded by
the Democracy than any editorial of any news-
paper. I think their action here a more legit-
imate exposition of their aims than anything
coming from outside this House.
Mr. I-4ATTON. I thank the gentleman for
what ho has said,as it suggests to me a remark I
might otherwise have omitted to make. I appre-
ciate the kindness extended to my party by certain
Democratic members upon this floor. But I say
this: as a party they have given no indication of
a purpose to unite, in any event, upon our can-
didate; so far from that, it has been announced by
Democrats upon this floor, that to unite in the elec-
tion of a Know Nothing or American would be—
ivhut? The utter destruction of their party at home;
a sacrifice they did not feel disposed to make.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, made a remark which
was inaudible to the reporters.
Mr. HATTON. Such a union, I have shown,
the Democratic press has declared would be—so
far as thO Democratic paify is concerned—"to
get a grease spot upon its unsullied garments."
Mr. Clerk, my colleague, [Mr. Wright,] I re-
peat, has complained of Ins colleague [Mr. Stokes.]
for making war on the Democracy. Neither he nor
I are makingwaronanybody,butsimplyrcpelling
the attack made upon us. No one will deny that
the party with which it is my pride to act here,
has been traduced and vilified most shamefully by
the party press of this city. I know that many
of our Democratic friends repudiateand condemn
what these papers have said; but still honorable
gentlemen will excuse us if we do not quietly and
patiently remain in our seats, day after day and
week after week, submitting to these indignities
without indicating some feeling of resentment.
A gentleman may be pursuaded; he cannot bo
driven by a lash.
Now, Mr. Clerk, it has been said that our party
is not a national party, and this has been assigned
as one of the reasons why the Democrats could
not unite on one of our men. I do not propose to
eKscuss its doctrines. It is a party in favor of the
Union and the Constitution, and of the enforce-
ment of the laws enacted by Congress, so long as
they remain on the statute-book, or until they have
been declared, by the Federal judiciary, unconsti-
tutional and void.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will my colleague allow me
one word here ? He says his party is a national
party 
Mr. HATTON. I intend to be just as cour-
teous as I know how; but I can anticipate the
character of my colleague 5s question, and I do not
think it pertinent to my argument.
Mr. WRIGHT. Let me ask it first, and then
you can decide whether you will answer it.
Mr. HATTON. Well, go ahead.
Mr. WRIGHT. My colleague says his party
is a national party, and yet he insisted a few
minutes ago that his party should be called by
its proper name—the southern Opposition party.
Now, 1 want my colleague to tell me how it is that
a northern man could belong to a party that is
the southern Opposition; ana how that can be a
national party?
Mr. HATTON. My party is national in its
views. It is national m the position that it occu-
pies. It is national m the comprehensiveness of its
doctrines—of its principles,which are broad enough
for all conservative, national men, in whatever
section of the country they may live. It stands
here to-day in antagonism both to the Republican
and to the Democratic parties. With the Repub-
lican party, with its platfoim of principles, it can
have neither sympathy nor association. To the
Democratic party, as it stands before the country,
it is also in antagonism. We are at arm's-length
towards both, regarding neither as national, but
both as sectional. We have been taken to task for
not making war upon the Republicans, and my
colleague [Mr. Wright] seems to think it very
strange that his colleague [Mr. StokesJ did not
devote himself to an argument to demonstrate to
the country that he stands in opposition to the
Republican party. His opposition could not be
misapprehended, and no denunciation was neces-
sary to show that he was opposed to it. He char-
acterized it as sectional, and avowed his purpose
to have nothing to do with any sectional party.
Without he desired to rival others in the mere bit-
terness of denunciation, more was wholly unne-
cessary.
Now, sir, if I were disposed to engage with my
colleague in an argument in regard to the respect-
ive positions occupied by Ins party and mine, I
might demonstrate that upon no single question of
public policy, upon no single issue of legislation,
is liis party national; not one.
I have an editorial in my hand, written by a
member of this House, for whose talents I have
much esteem, in which he declares that the Demo-
cratic party is not agreed upon any single question of
national politics.
A Member. Who is he ?
Mr. HATTON. The gentleman from Virginia,
Mr. Pryor. Yes, sir, in making a survey of
the antagonistic positions occupied by the differ-
ent plenumts of what once constituted the Demo-
cratic party, ho comes to the conclusion, and so
declares, that there is no such party as the Demo-
| crane party: that it has disintegrated, is demor-
| alized. has ceased as a party to exist.
Now, Mr. Clerk, without proposing to make
war upon the Democratic party, or anybody else,
I wish to take a position m reference to a ques-
tion that has been matter of much discussion here:
the question of the Union. I ask the attention of
my honorable colleagues from Tennessee while I
read from a document which I hold in my hand, in
reference to the Union:
" iWame wc cannot gut our constitutional li^ht^, I do
not intend to be one ol' those who will violate the Consti-
tution.
I ask my Democratic colleagues whether they
indorse or repudiate that sentiment. I desire a
response. I have reason for putting the interrog-
atory to my colleagues, and hope they will reply
to it. They decline. My colleague, [Mr. Nel-
son*,] for declaring on this floor his allegiance to
*Spocch of Hon. Andrew Johnson, delivered in the
Senate on the 12th of December, 1859.
