1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1463
upon the failure of the river and harbor appropri-
ation bill was discontinued, and the boats, tools,
and materials sold. After tire decease ofOolonel
McClellan, until the discontinuance of the work,
his place was supplied by Mr. R. W. W. Byrd,
'civil engineer. On closing up the accounts, it ap-
peared that, after appropriating the proceeds of the
sales, and exhausting tire original appropriation,
there remained some balances, which there were
no funds to pay. A-portion of the compensa-
tion due to the assistant engineer, and the pay of
the foreman upon the work; small accounts due
to sundry citizens for'powder &c., used in their
operations; medical and surgical attentions to a
laborer injured while in the employ of the Gov-
ernment, under circumstances which rendered it
proper for the engineer, in his judgment, to provide
for his treatment; these are the accounts and items
for the auditing of which this bill provides.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was ac-
cordingly laid aside.
ADVERSE REPORTS FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. TAPPAN. A list, containing certain ad-
verse reports from the Court of Claims, has been
handed me, which I am instructed to ask the
committee to except from the number to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
the adverse decisions of the court be confirmed.
I present first the case of J. L.Wordena—adverse
report No. 170.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit to the Chair, and
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, whether
that is in accordance with the agreement which
has been made in reference to these adverse re-
ports. The motion was adopted, at the instance
of the gentleman from New Hampshire himself,
that all these adverse reports should belaid aside,
to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that the decision of the Court of Claims
be confirmed; giving gentlemen, at the time, the
■ privilege of excepting from the general order
any particular case which they might designate.
Yet the gentleman now himself proposes to vio-
late that agreement, by coming in now with a list
of other cases, which lie asks the committee to
liave referred to committees of the House.
Mr. TAPPAN. On the contrary, what I no wask
is strictly in accordance with the proposal which
I made, and which the committee adopted, in ref-
erence to these adverse reports. It was expressly
stated that any gentleman who might wish to ex-
cept any particular cases, should be at liberty to
designate them. I have no interest in this claim,
and know nothing about it. I simply make the
motion, as I have been requested to do.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to understand
this matter. Does the right to go back and take
cases out of the list extend to the entire sitting of
the committee for the day?
Mr. TAPPAN. That is my understanding.
Mr. CRAWFORD. My understanding was
that these adverse reports were all to be laid aside,
to be reported to the House with the recommen-
dation that the decision of the court be confirmed,
with tfie exception of such as should be desig-
■ nated at the time. —
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so understood
it, and has acted upon that understanding.
Mr. TAPPAN. That was certainly not my
understanding; and such an understanding would
have been doing great injustice, for there was no
time for members to select the cases which they
might wish to except from the long list, without
taking some time to go over it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If that be the understand-
ing, what do we gain by the order which was
made at the instance of the gentleman from New
Hampshire himself? It would have been better to
have taken up each case and acted upon it sepa-
rately. * .
Mr. TAPPAN. Not at all. The. number of
cases that will be excepted will be comparatively
few. The great body of the cases willbe reported
under the agreement which was made. I have not
more than half a dozen myself. The gentleman
must see that it is so.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is the very thing the
gentleman cannot see.
Mr. TAPPAN. I am as anxious to get these
cases oft' the Calendar as any gentleman can be;
but I do not see any other course than the one I
have proposed by which justice can be done. I
think thatitis right that such of those eases should
be referred to some of the standing committees of
the House as it is desired should be. That was
my understanding. I make the motion, and the
committee can do as they please in reference to the
matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that
he understood the agreement of the committee as
the gentleman from Georgia has stated it: thatno
cases were to be exempted, except such as were
named at the time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I ask the Chair to
enforce that understanding.
Mr.TAPPAN. Why, Mr. Chairman, no such
understanding has been acted on. Gentlemen
have been permitted to move that bills be excepted
from the general list since the committee have
passed from the consideration of the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Only in two instances;
and then the gentlemen waited, at the request of
the Chair, until the bill which was then undfcr
consideration should have been disposed of.
Mr. TAPPAN. I heard nothing of the kind.
The CHAIRMAN. Both gentlemen camc to
the Chair in reference to the cases which they
proposed to except; and they delayed bringing
them before the committee at the request of the
Chair.
Mr. TAPPAN. Of course, I could not be a
party to any such understanding as that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will put the
question upon the motion of the gentleman from
New Hampshire, if he desires it. The gentleman
moves that adverse report No. 170 of the Court
of Claims be reported to the House with a rec-
ommendation that it be referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If that course is pursued,
I would suggest that we can accomplish the same
with less irregularity by going back and taking
up the eases one by one as they occur on the Cal-
endar.
Mr TAPPAN. I should much prefer that the
four or five cases which I have here should be dis-
posed of as I have indicated. I had the list here
with me when I came, but I did not refer to it. I
should have disposed of all my cases before this
time if I had been allowed to go on.
Mr. BURNETT. I think we shall consume
much less time by going back and taking up the
cases as they occur.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to going back.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that he had better go forward, and not
consume any more time on these adverse reports.
Mr. TAPPAN. They have got to be disposed
of some time, and I do not know why we may
not as well do it now.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, I hope the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire will be permitted
to make his motion.
Mr.TAPPAN. Very well; I will not consume
five minutes. I now move that report No. 170
be rcpoited to the House with the recommcnda-
' tion that it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BURNETT.' Now I ask the gentleman
whether he can give this committee any reason
why this case should not go to the House with
the recommendation that the decision of the Court
of Claims be confirmed ?
Mr. TAPPAN. No reason whatever. I have
said that I know nothing about the claim.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I hope the motion of
the gentleman from New Hampshire will not be
agreed to.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. I now move that that case
be reported to the House with a recommendation
to concur in the leport of the Court of Claims.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not neces-
sary. It will go there with the others, under the
order already adopted.
JOHN II. WAGOAMAX.
Mr. TAPPAN. I now make the same motion
in reference to report No. 171, upon the petition
of John H. Waggaman.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman whether
he can give any reason why the committee should
not come to the same decision in this case as in
the last?
Mr. TAPPAN. I know nothing about this
case. I have made the motion,as I have been re- ,
quested to do.
The motion was disagreed to.
THOMAS C. NYE.
Mr. TAPPAN. I make the same motion in
reference to adverse report No. 177, upon the pe-
tition of Thomas C. Nye.
The motion was not agreed to.
MARY WILLIAMS. f
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the adverse report
of the Court of Claims (No. 231) upon the peti-
-tion of Mary Williams, widow of James Wil-
liams, be exempted from the general order, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. It
is a claim for remuneration for property lost and
destroyed during the Florida war m 1836, in con-
sequence of its having been taken for public use
by military officers of the United States.
" Mr. BURNETT. That case has been before
(.he Court of Claims, and it has been investigated
and passed upon adversely. 1 move that it be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that the report of the Court of Claims
be concurred in.
Mr. CURTIS. I.protest against its going to the
Committee on Military Affairs. We have now
more business than we can get through with. *
Mr. Burnett's motion was agreed to; and the •
bill was laid aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that the adverse report of
the Court of Claims bo concurred in. *
THOMAS ATKINSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 234) for the relief of Thomas
Atkinson, of Parke county, Indiana.
Mr. BURNETT. I objected to that claim when
it was last up. Subsequently I investigated, and
I am satisfied thai it is meritorious, and ought to
be passed. I move that it be laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
ROBERT JOHNSTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 238) for the relief of Robert
Johnston.
The bill was read. It authorizes Robert John-
ston, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to locate, on
| any of the public landsoftheUnited States subject
to location with military bounty land warrants, the
following described bounty land warrants hereto-
fore issued under and by virtue of the act of Feb-
ruary 11, 1847: No. 35885, issued to Charles H.
Burns; No. 35913, issued to John Hurr;*No.
35918, issued to John Lehman; No. 35919, issued
to Amos Lightner; No. 37176, issued to Henry
Wells; No.38712, issued to Jesse C.Moore; No.
38713, issued to Thomas T. Mahan*/No. 38726,
issued to James Smith; No. 39755,-issued to
James Deal; No. 39756, issued to William E.
Fennimore; No. 39759, issued to John C. Hardy;
No. 44379, issued to Samuel K. Worms; No.
44698, issued to Bagshaw Barsly; No. 44853,
issued to John Kolk; No. 44859, issued to Charles
Corragin; No. 44875, issued to Ludolph Wede-
meyer; No. 44876, issued to Daniel Meyer; No.
44877, issued to Frederick Meyer; No. 44878,
issued to Henry E. Layton; No. 44880, issued to
Daniel Adams; No. 45729, issued to Jeremiah
Gcnsmer; No. 45731, issued to George M. New-
ell; No. 45866, issued to John Randolph; and
No. 55298,issued toJohn Wallace, the discharges
received by said soldiers after the conclusion of
their respective terms of service having, as is al-
leged, .been purchased from them for a valuable
consideration: provided, that if it shall hereafter
appear that the soldiers did not, in whole or in
part, receive a fair and valuable consideration for
such discharge, it shall be lawful for them, or
their heirs, to assert their claims respectively m a
court of law, and the particular tracts, selected in
satisfaction of the warrants aforesaid, shall sever-
ally be subject to such claims in law or equity,
and the patents which may issue for such tracts
shall certify accordingly: and provided further,
that any assignment made of either of the land
warrants, or the locations thereof, prior to the is-
suing of patents, shall be absolutely null and void
in law and equity.
It appears from the report, which was read, that
during the summer or fall of the year 1848 Rob-
ert Johnston purchased twenty-four discharges
