1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
3 6th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Meport of the Postmaster .General.
Senate & .Ho. of Bess.
during the last year, on 26,010 miles of railroad,
at a cost varying from $50 to $375 per mile, for
transportation alone—the aggregate expenditure
for this class of service being §3,243,974. To
this is superadded the salaries of express, route
agents, and messengers, amounting to $626,174
per annum. Accompanied and delivered as the
mails are, by the agents of the Department, the
service performed by the road is little beyond that
which it performs for the shipper of a barrel of
flour or a sack of grain. Why, then, is a com-
pensation exacted for this scrvice, which is so ex-
orbitant, as compared with what would be de-
manded of a private citizen for the conveyance of
a similar amount of freight ? In Canada, the com-
pensation paid to the railroads, for the conveyance
of the mail, is §30 per mile for day, and $40 per
mile for night service, and §70 when the two ser-
vices arc combined. For this a separate car is
furnished, which is fitted up as a traveling post
office, and serves for sorting and distributing the
mails by the way. If the mails are sent as ordi-
nary freight, under the guard of either an agent
of the company or of the post office, the charge
is but two cents per mile, when the weight does
not exceed two hundred pounds, and for any ad-
ditional weight, paymentis made in the same pro-
portion. No reason is perceived why, except
upon our great trunk routes, a higher rate of com-
pensation should be submitted to by our Govern-
ment than is paid by that of Canada. Even on
this latter class of roads, the present rates are
much too high, but on the remainder, where the
mails are light, they are oppressivelyextravagant.
The rapid multiplication of railroads—on all of
which the law provides that the mails shall be
carried—is constantly increasing the evil com-
plained of. These roads are m every direction,
penetrating comparatively sparsely-populated por-
tions of the country, and connecting with small
towns, where the correspondence is necessarily
limited; and, if they are all to continue to enjoy
this enormous subsidy at the hands of the De-
partment, however unimportant the mails carried,
no very strong hope of dijscnthrallment from its
present embarrassments can be indulged. The
remedy is to be found in an amendment of the act
of March 3, 1845, which I would respectfully
urge upon the consideration of Congress. A re-
duction of thirty-three and a third per cent, upon
the maximum rates fixed by that act, would still
leave a very liberal compensation to this class of
contractors. Should Congress express their con-
currence m this view, it cannot be believed that
the intelligent and public-spirited citizens, who
have the control of these roads, will continue to
insist on terms which it must be manifest to them,
as it is to all, the resources of the Department do
not enable it to meet.
Another grievance resulting from the railroad
system, consists in the disinclination of many of
these companies to assume upon themselves the
obligations imposed on all other contractors in the
service of the Department. Of the three hundred
and eighteen railroad routes in the United States,
there are one hundred and thirty-seven on which
the mails arc transported without contract. These
routes are the most important, from their length
and the weight of the mails transmitted upon them,
and yet the incorporated companies controlling
them peremptorily refuse to enter into those en-
gagements with the Department which the law
and the highest interests of the postal scrvice de-
mand. This ground was early taken by railroad
companies, and, rather than inaugurate a series
of controversies which might be protractcd, and
interrupt the regular conveyance and delivery of
the mails, the Department has yielded, though
constantly protesting against this lawless course.
The consequence has been that they have carried
the mails when and as they pleased, departing
and arriving at such hours, and moving at such
speed, as was agreeable to them. It is true, that
a few of the companies have manifested a liberal
spirit in cooperating with the Department in the
arrangement of the schedules, but they have done
this rather as a courtesy than as an acknowledg-
ment of any obligation on their part to do so. The
adjustment of the schedules is of the very essencc
of the postal organization, and upon its exercise
the harmony and success of the whole system
depend. If-this right is to be given over to the
vacillating counsels and conflicting interests of
the numerous railroad companies, the servicc must
lose its dignity and power, and wide-spread de-
rangement and inefficiency necessarily ensue.
The law regulating the transfer of the mails to
these roads contemplates that the Department
shall make a contract evidencing the terms on
which the scrvice is accepted; and the act of
1836 declares that "no person, whose bid for
the transportation of the mail may be accepted,
shall receive any pay until he shall have exe-
cuted his contract according to law and the reg-
ulations of the Department." The course here-
tofore pursued, of recognizing and paying the
claims of these roads, in the absence of any con-
tract, has been in disregard of the statute cited,
and it has been equally at variance with sound
policy. The public weal, as well as the law, re-
quires that railroad companies, as carriers of the
msuls, shall be "subjected to the same wholesome
discipline to which all other contractors are sub-
jected. As fully explained in the accompanying
report of the Auditor, to which reference is had,
their failure to enter into these contracts creates
serious and perplexing embarrassments in the col-
lection of the revenues of the Department which
should not be submitted to. With every dispo-
sition to deal with them most liberally, and with
a full recognition of their value as postal agents,
and of their incalculable power in developing the
resources of our country and promoting1 the en-
terprises of its material civilization, still it is man-
ifest that theirprcsentattitude—seemingly defiant
in its tone, as it is disorganizing in its tendencies
—cannot be endured without humiliation to the
Government, and without serious peri) to those
great interests which it is the mission of this De-
partment to uphold and advance. If they can suc-
cessfully Maintain the position they now occupy,
then they control at will the movements of the
mails, and virtually the Department is adminis-
tered by them, instead of by its appointed head.
Entertaining these views, proposals will be invited
from the different railroads, and the companies
will be notified that after the 31st day of March,
1860, the mails will be delivered to them only on
condition of their entering into formal agreements,
containing on their part the usual stipulations for
the faithful performance of the service. The re-
mote day mentioned has been named, in order
that the Department, in the execution of the new
contracts proposed, might avail itself of anjr mod-
ification of the act of 1845 which may, ill the
meantime, have occurred.
PORTLAND AXD NEW ORLEANS MAIL.
Congress, by an act approved June 14, 1858,
authorized the 'Postmaster General " to make such
arrangements for the transmission of the great
through mails between PortlandandNewOrleans,
as will insure the most speedy and certain con-
nection, including in the route for one of the daily
mails as many of the sea-board commercial cities
as may be consistent with the greatest dispatch."
The irregularities and delays which had so long
distinguished the transportation of ibis trunk mail,
no doubt led to the enactment of this law. The
subjoined table will exhibit the average period oc-
cupied in its conveyance between New York and
New Orleans, during the past year,as well as the
number of failures to arrive withm schedule time
on the two routes designated.
Southwestern via Knoxville.
Schedule time, 5 days.
Actual time, 5 days 22 £ hours.
AuivdJs m schedule lime, 241.
" out ot il 389.
Atlantic via Wilmington*
Schedule time, days.
Acltnl average, 6 days hours.
Amvata in schedule time, 403.
" out of " 286.
Sharing fully the conviction which seems to
have been entertained by Congress as to the ne-
cessity of putting this service on a better footing
than it has heretofore attained, proposals were
solicited for carrying this mail on the basis of a
complete guarantee—no payment to be made for
any trip on which there should be a failure to
arrive within schedule time. As Congress named
only the terminal points of the route, the same
course was pursued in the invitation for propo-
sals, and the parties bidding were thus left free
to select and designate that for which they pro-
posed. Offers were accordingly made for the char-
acter of service required on four different route3,
namely: -
1  via Boston and Springfield, Massachusetts,
Albany and Buffalo, New York, Cleveland, Co-
lumbus, and Cincinnati, Ohio, Cairo, Illinois,
Jackson,, Tennessee, and Canton, Mississippi;
or via route as above, and via Pittsburg,.Penn-
sylvania, with a branch to and from New York
city, connecting at Albany or at Philadelphia, as
the Postmaster General may prefer; or via route
as above, with branches from Crestline, Ohio,by
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, to Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, and from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, to
Baltimore, Maryland, and also a branch to and
from New York city, connecting at Albany or
Philadelphia, as the Postmaster General i$ay
prefer. ,
2. Via Portsmouth, New Hampshire, Boston,
Worcester, and Springfield, Massachusetts, Hart-
ford and New Haven, Connecticut, New York,
New York, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Baltimore
and Cumberland, Maryland, Bcnwood, Virginia,
Bell Air and Columbus, Ohio, Cairo, Illinois, Co-
lumbus, Kentucky, Jackson, and Grand Junc-
tion, Tennessee, and Jackson, Mississippi, with a
branch from the Washington Junction to Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
3. Via Portsmouth, New Hampshire, Boston
and Springfield, Massachusetts, Hartford and
New Haven, Connecticut, New York, New York,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Baltimore/ Mary-
land, Washington, District of Columbia, Alex-
andriaand Lynchburg, Virginia, Knoxville, Chat-
tanooga, and Grand Junction, Tennessee, and
Canton, Mississippi.
4. Via Portsmouth, New Hampshire, Boston,
and Springfield, Massachusetts, Hartford and
New Haven, Connecticut, New York, New York,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Baltimore, Mary-
land, Washington, District of Columbitt, Rich-
mond, Petersburg, and Norfolk, Virginia, Wil-
mington, North Carolina, Charleston, South Car-
olina, Savannah, Georgia, and Fernandina and
Cedar Keys, Florida. Norfolk to be supplied by
steamboat from Baltimore, Maryland, and hy
railroad from Weldon, North Carolina, making
two lines between Baltimore and Weldon—-one
via Norfolk, and one via Washington city, Rich-
mond, and Petersburg; Savannah to be connected
with the main line by steamers from Fernandina
through the inland passage, and a branch mail to
be conveyed once a week by steamer from Cedar
Keys to Key West, Florida, and to be extended
to Havana, for the postages, if desired by the
Department.
(Jongrcss evidently contemplated the ultimate
establishment of several routes between the ter-
mini mentioned,- but as the service is an experi-
ment and one attended with very heavy expense,
it'is deemed advisable to. establish but one for the
present; Which that should be, must depend oil
a variety of considerations, the force of which can
only be ascertained by a careful comparison of
the time and compensation proposed, m connec-
tion with the intermediate population and corre-
spondence to be served by the routes. While the
legal authority for executing this contract may
be regarded as fully conferred by the statute re-
ferred to, yet the amount of compensation de-
manded waa so much greater than had been anti-
cipated, that I did not feel justified, in view of the
embarrassments of the Department, to incur so
heavy a liability without submitting the matter
. to the consideration of Congress. As a postal
enterprise, this yields to none in its magnitude
and importance, and the Department shares the
general solicitude for its success. I trust that
Congress will either give its express sanction to
the specific contract suggested, by voting the ne-
cessary appropriation, or will indicate for the De-
partment such a coursc of administration as shall
warrant it in closing with some one of the propo-
sals which have been received and are now held
under advisement.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER MAILS.
The service between St. Paul and New Orleans
was performed during the past year at an aggre-
gate cost of $>328,278. Its earnings were too in-
considerable to be the subject of serious comment *
