1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
-from soldiers of the late war with Mexico, hav-
ing paid the sum ofVeighty dollars for each dis-
charge ; that he was engaged in the brokerage or
banking business in Philadelphia, and was impor-
tuned by the soldiers who were in that city at that
time to purchase their discbarges, but hesitated be-
causeit was not in the regular line of his business;
that he was unacquainted with the law regulating
the transfer of the soldiers' interest and title to
bounty lands, as was shown by evidence, but was
advised and believed that a general power of at-
torney, acknowledged before an alderman, author-
ising him to receive and dispose of the warrants
to be issued, was sufficient to vest the title to the
warrants, and that upon the discharges being for-
warded to the Pension Office, accompanied by the
powers of attorney, the Commissioner of Pen-
sions would issue the warrants directly to him. It
appears that he had the powers of attorney so ac-
knowledged and executed before Chancey Bulk-
ley, an alderman of Philadelphia, each soldier
being examined, and declaring his intention to
Convey his bounty land warrant; and that soon
aQy he became possessed of said discharges and
powers of attorney, he made application to the
Commissioner of Pensions for the issue of the
warrants to himself; but that the warrants were
issued on each of said discharges in the names of
said soldiers, and to the care of the said Robert
Johnston,as follows: No. 38712, Jesse C. Moorcf
• No. 49740, John C. Hardy, (39759;) No. 55298,
John Wallace; No, 45729, Jeremiah 'Gensmer;
No. 42737,William E. Fonnimore,'(39756;) No.
39746, John Lehman, (35918;) No. 37176, Henry
Wells;No. 45731, George M, Newell: No. 44880,
Daniel Adams; No. 44875,Ludolph Wedemeyer;
No. 44876, Daniel Meyer; No. 45866, John Ran-
doph; No. 44859, Charles Corragin; No. 35885,
Charles H. Burns; No. 35919, Amos Lightner;
No. 44878, Henry E. Lay ton; No. 38726, James
Smith; No. 35913, John Hurr; No. 39755, James
Deal; No. 44379, Samuel K. Worms; No. 44698,
BagshawBarsley; No. 38713, Thomas T. Mahai); j
No. 44853, John Kolk; No. ^4877, Frederick
Meyer.
It appears that all the above warrants were duly
received, and have ever since been in the posses-
sion of Robert Johnston; and that it was notuntil
after the discharges and powers of attorney were
forwarded by him that he became aware of the
fact that ho could not by law transfer and dispose
of the warrants under the powers of attorney
which had been executed to him by the above-
named soldiers. This information was first ob-
tained from the Commissioner of Pensions byway
of re£ly to the application made by him for the
issue of the warrants to him direct. But owing
to the press of business in the Pension Office, this
reply was not communicated to him for several
months after the application was made by him.
It appears.that lie has made search for these sol-
diers, but has been unable to find any of them.
They_ were generally young men, whose homes
were in different sections of the country, and they
have long since left the city of Philadelphia. Eight
years have elapsed, and 110 caveats have been en-
tered upon saiu warrants.
Mr. McaUEEN. That bill was examined
last year by the Committee on Public Lands with
great care; and I believe that it provides for the
satisfaction of a just claim. I applied to the Land
Office for information oil the subject, and by the
evidence of gentlemen certified to be worthy of
every credit, it was made perfectly clear that these
discharges were transferred to. Johnston for a val-
uable consideration. I would have reported in
favor of the claim at the last session, b,ut the
committee did not meet after I had authority to
prepare the bill. No injury can result from the
passage of the bill. It is just. I move, therefore, ,
that it be laid aside, to be reported to the House
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was-ngreed to.
EBEN S. IIANSCOMB.
A bill (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Kben
S. Hanscdmb.
The bill was read. ItauthorizesEben S. Hans- j
comb to enter thesoutheast quarter of section six- '
teen, township twenty-eight north, range twenty- i
four west, in the district of lands subject to sale j
at Forest City, State of Minnesota, upon his pay- j
ment of the usual minimum of $1 25 per acre, and j
directs the Commissioner of the General Land !
Office to issue a patent on said entry; and it also
authorizes the superintendent of public schools in
Minnesota to select an equal quanti ty of other lands
in that State for the use of public schools, in lieu
of the lands herein granted.
Mr. ALDRICH. I will, with the consent of
the House, state briefly the reasons for this bill.
I am well acquainted with Mr. Hanscomb. He
lives not more than five miles from my house. It
isrightandpropertliatthebill should pass. [Cries
of " Then lotus lay it aside !"] Very well, then; I
move that it be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
CASSIUS M. CfcAY.
A bill (H. R. No. 240) for the relief of Cassius
M. Clay.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Cassius M. Clay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $1,599 79, in full for property
destroyed and lost in Mexico, and in reimburse-
ment of the amount of a judgment, costs and in-
terest, recovered againt him by Eliza Bowles for
trespass in executing a military order of his supe-
rior officer in 1846.
It appears from the report of the committee,
which was read, that the petitioner was a captain
in the Kentucky regiment of cavalry, under the
command of Colonel Marshall, in the war with
Mexico. The first claim is for the reimbursement
of the amount of a judgment recovered against
him in the courts of Kentucky by Eliza Bowles
for trespass upon her property, committed in the
execution of an order of his superior officer for
the arrest of deserters. This amounted, in Octo-
ber, 1848, with costs and interest, to $533 20,
when it was paid by the petitioner. The second
claim is for property destroyed in Mexico, in 1846.
In this case itappears that he was ordered by Col-
onel Marshall to disperse a band of robbers who
were threatening the train from Camargo to Mon-
terey. The execution of this order compelled him
to'leave behind him property which was lost for
want of personal attention, and before he had ac-
complished his orders he was taken prisoner, thus
losing what property he had with him. This case
was brought before Congress as early as 1848.
At that time the Committee* of Claims of the
House of Representatives reported, with a bill for
his relief, on account of property destroyed m
Mexico, to the amount of $760. In 1849 the same
committee reported again in his favor. In 1855
the Committee of Claims reported in favor of the
first claim set forth in this report, but adversely
on the second claim.
The adverse report of the Court of Claims is
based upon a want of authority to grant relief in
such cases, saying that " the power to relieve in
such cases belongs, we think, exclusively to Con-
gress." At the first session of the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, the report of the Court of Claims in this
case, with a bill for the relief of the petitioner,
was brought before the House, and after consid-
erable discussion, in which Colonel Marshall
made statements before the House in regard to
the claim, the bill was passed by yeas and nays—
97 to 63.
Mr. HOARD. I move that the bill be laid aside,
to be reported to the Iftiuse with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. BURNETT. This bill is in favor of a
gentleman of my^ State, Mr. Clay. It seems that
the Court of Claims have acted on that part of the
claim to be paid the amount of judgment obtained
against him, for a trespass upon certain property
in Louisville. The whole question, I suppose,
was before that court, and the argument which
has been used time and again upon this floor in
reference to these opinions of the Court of Claims,
applies with all its force to this claim. No reason
is given why this should be taken out of the reg-
ular course of these claims.
Hero is a judgment that has been obtained
against this officer in an action of trespass before
the court in Louisville, Kentucky, and Which he
has satisfied. The allegation is, that he made the
trespass in dischargeofhisduty,underorderfrom
his superior officer to arrest deserters. The ques-
tion went to the Court of Claims, and upon the
proof adduced, that court makes an adverse re-
port. The case is then referred to a committee of
this House, and they report that the claim ought
to be allowed, thus reversing the action of the
Court of Claims.
Mr.HOARD. The court did not report against
the claim; but only that they had not jurisdiction
over it; that the power to relieve in such cases be-
longed exclusively to Congress. The law did not
authorize it to be paid.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman says that
that court did not have jurisdiction of the case
because the law did not authorize the claim to be
paid. Yes, sir, we are asked to take money from
the Treasury, and'put it into the gockets of this
officer, who has been tried-by a court of compe-
tent jurisdiction in Kentucky for trespass upon
-private rights, and had judgment rendered against
him. Although he is from my State, I cannot
vote to pay him the amount appropriated in this
bill. I will not vote to pay the judgment rendered
against an officer by a court of competent juris-
diction for having trespassed upon the rights ol
private citizens.
The other branch of the claim is for losses sus-
tained in Mexico. From the report of the com-
mittee we are informed that Mr. Clay lost certain
property in Mexico. The amount of the loss is
given in gross. There is no specification, and the
claim is loose and indefinite. I do. not think it is
right, and I must vote against it.
Mr. MALLORY. I know that my colleage is
usually very watchful and sagacious m matters of
this sort, and I oppose any position he assumes,
upon private claims, with diffidence. I think,
however, he is in error here. In reference to the
first part of the claim, there is no doubt that Mr.
Clay should be indemified for the loss of property
he sustained in Mexico. I understand my col-
league is in favor of that.
Mr. BURNETT. My colleague misunderstands
me. _ If the proof shows that lie lost property in
Mexico, then he ought to be indemnified. In this
case, the report does not say what was the char-
acter of the property he lost, or what was its
value.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand the amount is
proved, that the items were specified, and the
whole matter ascertained by that committee, and
that they reported the amount in that bill.
In reference to the other branch of the bill, I
think it is a well-settled principle that where an
officer in the discharge of his duty incurs an ex-
pense, or even damages, it is the custom of the
Government to indemnify him. In this case, Cap-
tain Clay, of the cavalry regiment of Kentucky,
was ordered by a superior officer to arrest a de-
serter while in encampment at Louisville. In the
execution of that order, he found it necessary to
entefa house. He forced the doors, and arrested
the deserter. He was sued for that act, and dam-
ages were recovered against him. Now, I say,
if there ever was a claim of that character before
Congress which the Government out to pay, that
is this case. I hope the claim will pass.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to say one word just
here. In reference to the second branch of that
claim, we have a general law upon the subject. I
think, myself, it is not such a law as can he ex-
ecuted. I had the honor, a short time since, to
introduce a general bill to authorize the Govern-
ment to pay for horses lost in the war with Mex-
ico. This morning, the. Committee on Military
Affairs unanimously reported against that bill.
Now I wish it understood, that if the Missouri
volunteers are not to be paid for their losses in
that war, I shall vote against every bill intended
to give relief in individual cases for the same kind
of losses.
There is a law in reference to this subject upon
our statute-books, but it is wholly ineffectual.
The troops of Doniphan and Price, which went
from Missouri, lost all their hoises, and have not
been able to geta dollar in remuneration. Notwith-
standing this state of affairs, when a bill is intro-
duced into this House, to meet this case, it is re-
ported against unanimously by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
state to the House that the precise state of facts
stated by the gentleman fron* Missouri, in regard
to the volunteers of Missouri who lost their horses
■and property in the Mexican war, exists in Illi-
nois. There are to-day hundreds of thousands of
dollars justly due to citizens of Illinois and Wis-
consin, for horses and other property lost during
that war, and not a dollar of it can be got under
