444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
or the institutions of the South, I will not com-
promise my dignity or ideas of propriety by re-
torting their scurrility with congenial ribaldry.
No, sir. I believe what was taught me when quite
a youth, that gasconading defiance and truckling
servility are equally remote from true dignity.
The sentiments upon the Union which have
been announced by my colleague, [Mr. Nelson,]
in the speech which he delivered upon this floor,
are the sentiments of the people of the State of
Tennessee. When I say this, I do not want any
southern gentleman upon this floor to conclude
that the people of my State are less sensitive to
the appreciation of their rights, or less determ-
ined to maintain them, than the people of any other
State in this Union.
I will institute no comparison. I will indulge
in no encomium on the men of Tennessee. They
need none. At the battle of King's Mountain,
the Horse Shoe, Taladega, New Orleans, Mon-
terey, Cerro Gordo, and the battles of the valley
of Mexico, they gave to the world some indica-
tions of the metal of which they are made. And
if ever a sectional war is forced upon them, I say
to the House, without boasting, that they will
not suffer by comparing their actions with those
of the people of other States, whose Representa-
tives on this floor have expressed themselves so
ready for the struggle. For their country and a
glorious fame, they have shown themselves ready
to lay down their lives. In the destruction of
the Union they can see neither profit nor honor.
In its willful dismemberment they behold only
the folly of the drunken suicide, who falls not
upon the weapon of his foe, but upon his own
dagger. For the lessons of Washington, who
taught them to " cherish a cordial, habitual, im-
movable attachment to theUnion,"they have not
lost all respcct. For the teachings of Jackson,
who said " itmustbeprescrvcd,"thcy have quite
as much regard as for the advice of those who
seem careless of its srlory and stand readv to sur-
render it.
Mr. MILES. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee whether he will suspend his remarks for
the present, m order to move to proceed to a bal-
lot, with the understanding that he will subse-
quently be entitled to the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that. There are
other gentlemen who desire the floor, and I hope
the gentleman will proceed with his remarks. I
understand lie has nearly concluded.
Mr. HATTON. I have said already that I did
not want to interrupt the action of the House;
and if it be the desire of the House to ballot now,
I will certainly yield for that purpose.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that, if the gen-
tleman yieid the floor, he must yield it entirely.
I want it myself.
Mr. BARKSDALE. i understand from the
gentleman from Tennessee that he bus almost
concluded his speech. There are several gentle-
men who desire to speak. I shall seek the floor
when he has fmishedspeakmg, and I hope he wil!
go on now without any opposition on the part of
gentlemen on this side of the House.
Mr. HATTON. There, are conflicting requests
made of me by different gentlemen on "the floor;
and, as I cannot accommodate them all, I choose
to give way for a ballot, and then I will finish the
remarks which I intended to make.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Tennessee
will take notice that objections are made by sev-
eral gentlemen to his yielding the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. CRAWFORD. And it can only be done
by unanimous consent.
The CLERK. Unless it is done by unanimous
consent, the gentleman will not bo entitled to the
floor again when the House resumes the discus-
sion.
Mr. McRAE. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, I want to make a single
remark. It is well known that 1 never interrupt
gentlemen who are speaking, and I do not now
rise to interrupt the gentleman, as there is a recess
in his remarks. The gentleman has done me the
honor to compliment me by referring, at some
length, to a speech which I mode in regard to the
organization of the House; and I wish to say that
! shall seek an opportunity, at another time, to
pay him the same compliment. I see a number of
gentlemen, who have not spoken, who desire to
obtain the floor. I think, as I said yesterday, I
will be able to convince the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] that Democrats would not
support him, and I think I will prove that also to
the satisfaction of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. HATTON. I am always open to convic-
tion, and have a high estimate of the gentleman's
ability "to make the bad appear the better part;"
but still I am quite incredulous.
Mr. Clerk, when interrupted by the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina, I was just con-
cluding what I had to say in connection with the
question of the Union. As perilous as some gen-
tlemen seem, at this day, to regard the announce-
ment by a southern man, I desire to make it, and
have it put unmistakably upon the record, that I
am forthe maintenance of thisUnion. There are
tho.se who say "mark the man who sings halle-
lujahs to the Union." 1 have no hallelujahs to
sing, no eulogiums to pronounce; but I have a
sentiment to offer—it was the sentiment of Wash-
ington: "The Union—the palladium of your lib-
erties; never surrender it."
And now, sir, if there be one of this corps of
self-constituted markers present, let him fix his
brand on my humble brow. I will bear it as an
honorable scar received in my early manhood,
not in a factious opposition to the Government of
my country, but in an honest vindication of its
unity and its integrity. And now, sir, in order
that we may have a ballot I yield the floor
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. PENNINGTON obtained the floor.
Mr.WINSLOW. With the permission of my
friend from New Jersey, I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. LEAKE. I move to amend, by striking
out Monday and inserting Tuesday. I do this
in no factious spirit, but in the belief" that if mem-
bers have two or three days to rest and reflect,
tlicy will come back in abetter spirit than they are
now in.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I gave way not for a
motion to adjourn, but for a motion that, when
the House do adjourn, itadjourn to meet on Mon-
day.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand the gentle-
man from New Jersey docs not desire to occupy
the floor longer than ten or fifteen minutes. I hope
he will be allowed to go on and make his speech.
Mr. GROW. No such amendment as that
offered by the gentleman from Virginia [Mi.
Leake] can be made. A motion to adjourn to a
particular day is an independent motion. If it be
voted down, another one can be made; but it is a
motion which cannot be amended.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is right. The motion cannot be amended.
Mr. LEAKE. I differ with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania and with the Clerk; but I withdraw
my proposition, because 1 do not wish to come
into collision with such high authonties.
Mr. CAREY demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion that when the House adjourn it be to
meet on Monday next; but did not insist on the
demand, and said motion was agreed to.
THE PLURALITY RULE.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Mr. Clerk, I desire to
say a word in relation to the organization of the
House, and on that subject alone; for I must be
permitted io say that I am among the number of
those who believe that all discussion aside from
the main question is against the spirit and mean-
ing of the parliamentary law, as it certainly is of
no practical utility. There is no question before j
the House on which a vote on any of the great |
matters involved m the debates can be taken. Be- 1
sides, it must stiike the common sense of every I
man in the country that the idea of two hundred j
and thirty-seven members assembling here and
rushing at once into a discussion* of all things on
the earth and under the earth, [laughter,] of things
visible and invisible, of tilings true and untrue,
without a head to the body, without the members
being sworn, and without one step being reached
toward an organization, is a most extraordinary
and extravagant course of proceduie.
How can the House be organized? There arc
four distinct party organizations in it; and I gay
for them all, that we have no right to blame one
another for our votes here. Our constituents may
do so, but we have no right to say to a gentleman
of the South American party,44 You shall vote
so;" or to a gentleman of the anti-Lecompton
party, "You shall vote so." We have all of us
a right tovote as we haveamind to, without being
ffeiHed in question by one another upon this floor.
I do not know that any one party is more to blame
than another. Each is tenacious of his own.
Great efforts have been made in this House, and
we learn that great efforts have also been made in
caucus out of it. to make combinations to create
a majority. This is all lawful and proper, but it
has failed. It must be apparent to all that no such
result can be produced.
I have been sitting here from five to six weeks,
and a more wearisome or profitless time I never
remember to have passed. Not that much has not
been said, and something well; but all to no pur-
pose. It can accomplish nothing. We have been
sowing to the wind, and have come once or twice
very near reaping the whirlwind. Now, sir, the
country demands an organization of the House,
and that we proceed to the business we are sent
here to accomplish. No candidate can get a ma-
jority, that seems clear. We are bound, then, I
insist, having made every effort to elect by a ma-
jority, to adopt the plurality rule; and that party
who will not join in that risk, or objcctto the res-
olution for such rule, are responsible to the coun-
try, and should be so held, m my humble judg-
ment, for not organizing the House. It has been
said, by some gentlemen on the other side of the
House, and I remember particularly it to have
been so said by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Miles,] that the plurality rule was un-
constitutional. Let us look at the point he made.
The language of the Constitution on this subject
is embraced m few words:
"Tiie House oflleprescntatives shall choose their Speaker
and other officers."
Thisisall theprovision. How they shall choose
them is left to their discretion. You may vote
by ballot, or nlva voce, or you may establish the
plurality rule. But the gentleman referred to con-
tends that the words " the House of Representa-
tives" implies a majority, but does it not imply a
great deal more m the connection in which it is
there used—does it not imply not only a majority
but the entire House—every member? and if so,
it covers too much ground for the argument of the
gentleman. But, sir, these questions should re-
ceive a settled construction and not forever remain
as vexed anddisputedpomts. Two cases are before
us of recent date, one on each side of the great
political parties of the country, that should place
it at rest. Mr. Cobb, on the Democratic side, was
elected Speaker by the plurality rule, and Mr.
Hanks on the Opposition side was elected Speaker
by the same rule. These gentlemen acted through-
out their respective terms. There has been no
pretense that all their acts are void. The country
lias recognized them. This should, I think', set
the whole matter forever at rest. There is a cu-
mulative reason for this view. There is a public
necessity that such construction should obtain,
fnd never more exemplified than by the situation
in which we are now placed.
I could wish, therefore, that all sides of the
House would consent to the adoption of this rule.
I do not ask any gentleman having doubts of its
constitutionality to vote for it, but I do ask all to
let the question on the rule be put. Surely we
have fully tested the question as to electing by a
majority. Let us, therefore, try the plurality rule.
Then some one must be chosen. Who that will
be I know not; but there will be an election. I
hope for the best in that result. But let it come
as it may, the world will not come to an end; the
waters of the Potomac will still flow on m their
accustomed channels. We magnify the subject,
in my judgment. I now beg to offer this reso-
lution:
Resolved, That this House will this day vote once for
Speaker, and if no eandidate shall have a maioutv of the
votes, that the House will again vote; and if no election he
had, that no other vote shall then be taken until Monday
next, at which time, at one o'clock, a vote for Speaker shall
apain be taken, and the candidate having the highest num-
ber of votes shall be elccted,and so declared; and, in case
of a tie between the two highest candidate*, that a new
vote shall be immediately taken on the >ame principle.
Mr. BARKSDALE and others objected.
Mr. LEAKE. 1 rise to a question of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
the gentleman from New Jersey to offer that reso-
lution, and if so, I hope he will call the previous
question.
