1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tii Cons....1st Sess.
Eeport of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
contracts, having befin omitted in this, the de-
sired curtailment could not be legally made. The
whole matter being thus placed beyond the con-
trol of the Department, the action of Congress
alone is capable of furnishing the remedy desired;
and I cannot too earnestly recommend its early
and decided interposition. If no compromise can
be effected with the parties upon terms deemed
reasonable, then I would urge, as an act of simple
justice, that this gigantic service, which was estab-
lished at the instance of Congress and in further-
ance of great national objects, shall be at once
charged upon thepublie Treasury. Until a rail-
road shall have been constructed across the con-
tinent, the conveyance of the Pacific mails over-
land must be regarded as wholly impracticable.
These mails, as dispatched semi-monthly, average
ten tons in weight, which, if divided into semi-
weekly departures, would give two and a half
tons for each, thus requiring, in view of the con-
dition of the road, ten coaches instead of the single
one nowemployed,and costing, at the present rate
of compensation, $6,000,000 per annum for trans-
portation alone, with a product of $327,202 63.
The route has now been opened, and its avail-
ability for a light mail demonstrated, so that,
should war occur with any maritime Power, threat-
ening embarrassment to our ocean mails for the
Pacific, the service could, without delay, be rees-
tablished on its present basis. "Were it otherwise,
that contingency is deemed too remote to justify
the continuance of so enormous a tax upon the
correspondence of the country. Such morbid cau-
tion and apprehension could not but be recognizcd
as illustrating in miniature the folly of that policy
whicli would keep our Army and Navy perpet-
ually on a war footing, merely because onoe or
twice in a century the amicable relations of the
Republic with other nations are liable to be dis-
turbed.
THE KANSAS AND STOCKTON MAIL.
This route, put in operation at an annual ex-
pense of $79,999, having, in conscquence of the
alleged hostility of the Indians and other causes,
proved a failure, and being unnecessary for postal
purposes, it was, on the 30th of Juno last, discon-
tinued. The proceeds <of §1,255, credited to it,
were realized for the local servicp between Kan-
sas City and Neosho and Albuquerque. During
the period of nine months that it was in operation,
there were but four arrivals of through mails at
Kansas, and but two at Stockton. The whole
mail matter received at Kansas fromStockton con-
sisted of two letters and twenty-six newspapers,
while it appears, from the returns, that but a single
letter reached Stockton from Kansas. Another
peculiarity of this service was, that it extended
•for 825 miles, between Westport and Santa Fe,
directly along the line of another route, the con-
tractor for which carried, as is supposed, for some
trifling compensation, this exceedingly light and
unimportant mail, for the transportation of which,
as shown, the Department was then paying at the
rate of some ^80,000 per annum.
INDEPENDENCE, SALT LAKE CITY, AND PLACEIt-
YILLE MAILS.
This connection with the Pacific was formerly
a monthly service, but in consequence of the
threatened rebellion of the Mormon population,
it was improved to a weekly mail, at an annual
compensation of §320,000—the product being but
§5,412 03. The object of this improvement was
to enable the Government to communicate reg-
ularly and rapidly with the troops engaged in
active military operations in Utah. _ Tranquillity
having been restored to that Territory, and the
Department having been assured by the Secretary
of War that a weekly mail was no longer needed
for the purposes of the Government, a reduction
to a semi-monthly service was ordered to take
place on the 30th June last, which, after making
the most liberal allowance to the contractors, will
save to the Department §115,000 per annum.
It will be thus seen that in consequence of the
action which has taken place in reference to these
Pacific routes, the annual expenditure upon them
has been diminished §908,697. The $1,276,000
still required for their support, on this improved
basis, is very far beyond what an enlightened and
just administration of the finances of the Depart-
ment would wairant.
ISABEL SERVICE.
For the last five years, the mails between Ha-
vana and Charleston and Savannah have been
conveyed in a steamship—the Isabel—performing
semi-monthly trips at an annual compensation of
$60,000, authorized by Congress, but payable out
of the revenues of the Department. The post-
ages received from these mails, during the past
year, amounted to but §10,057 66. The contract,
involving thus a loss of nearly fifty thousand dol-
lars per annum, was, in its operation, of a most
oppressive character, and upon its expiration, on
the 30th of June, its renewal was declined. For-
tunately for the public interests, the approaching
completion of the Florida railroad enabled the De-
partment to send these mails across the peninsula
from Fernandma to Cedar Keys, where they con-
nect with the Gulf mail steamers from'New Or-
leans, and proceed directly on, via Key West, to
Havana. -The service out and returning is now
regularly performed, and costs the Department
only the inland and sea postages. This results
from the fact that the route from Charleston and
Savannah via Fernandina and Cedar Keys to Key
West, being already in operation for the local
mails, the outlay for the service is in nothing in-
creased by the addition of those for and from Ha-
vana. The substitution, therefore, of this route
for that of the Isabel, is a saving to the Depart-
ment of §49,942 34 per annum. This route is
not only preferable to the other on the score of
economy, but also because it supplies many post
offices; whereas the one for which it is substituted
supplied but a single intermediate office—that of
Key West. The Department was urged by cit-
izens of Charleston to extend the contract with
the owner of the Isabel, from commercial consid-
erations, but did not feel justified in giving to such
considerations the weight claimed for them. This
large subsidy would certainly enable the owner
of the Isabel to carry freight and passengers at
reduced rates; but if there bo any constitutional
warrant for the Government's bestowing this ad-
vantage on the inhabitants of a single city, while
it is denied to those of other cities, such advan-
tage should be sought from the public Treasury,
and most assuredly not at the hands of this De-
partment. With the embarrassments pressing
upon it, and with the knowledge that there are
many communities now having weekly, which
desire and deserve semi and tri-weckly mails, and
many others with tri-weekly which are entitled
to daily service, it was not possible to devote
some §50,000 per annum of its revenues to facil-
itate and cheapen the transportation of passen-
gers and merchandise between Charleston and
Havana, without a flagrant and culpable derelic-
tion of duty. 3No reason is perceived why the
policy indicated by the act of J858, which fixes
the compensation for foreign mail service per-
formed by American vessels, at the inland and
sea postages, should not be applicable to this as
to other foreign mails. If it bo insisted that the
steamer's touching at Key West determines as
domestic the portion of the route between that
point and Charleston, then we have §10,057 66,
or the inland and sea postages, for the transpor-
tation of the mails between Havana and Key
West, and §49,942 34 for their conveyance be-
tween the Key and Chaileston and Savannah,
though the latter part of the route yields to the
Department a revenue of but a few hundred dol-
lars. Such an administration of the postal fund
would be to the last degree improvident and
wasteful, as it would be unjust to the public to
which that fund belongs.
MISCELLANEOUS.
I regret to be compelled to announce that no
progress has been made towards the construction
of either the New York or Philadelphia post of-
fices. The site for the former has not been pur-
chased or selected, and the unsuccessful efforts
of my predecessor to that end have not been re-
newed by me, bccauso of the depressed condition
of the Treasury. The want of a suitable build-
ing for the post office in our great commercial em-
porium is severely felt, alike by the public and
by those concerned in the postal administration,
and the hope is indulged that the existing em-
barrassments to the prosecution of the work will
have an early termination.
The sale of certain property in Philadelphia,
upon the terms designated by the act of March 3,
1859, is a condition precedent to any action for
the erection of a post office in that city. • The
provisions of that statute are peculiar, and it has
not, after repeated endeavors, been found prac-
ticable to comply with them. Further legislation
is required to carry into effect the purposeof the
act referred to,ancl I trust that the acknowledged
importance of the subject to the whole people of
Philadelphia will secure to it prompt.attention on
the part of Congress.
The act of June 14,1858, established 695 new
post routes, but made no provision for their sup-
port. It has been estimated that, to put these and
the St. Paul and Puget Sound route into opera-
tion would require, annually, upwards of§600,000,
besides the postal receipts therefrom. In the
abscnce of the ncccssary means, and with a Con-
viction that to the undue expansion of the service
on unproductive routes like these, is mainly due
the heavy pecuniary burdens that now press upon
and disable it, I have not hesitated to postpone to
a more propitious day the action on the part of
the Department which this act contemplates. It
is not believed that any serious inconvenience will
be experienced by the country in consequence of
this delay.
During the,last fiscal year, ending June 30,
1859, there were purchased under contract, and
put into service—
Of mail bags and pouchcs, (for letters)  8,696
Of mail sacks, (for newspapers and other printed
matter)   22,141
Making total number of all kinds    30,837
The total number of all mail bags, of all kinds, pro-
cured during preceding year    20,900
Increased number during the last fiscal year 9,937
or, nearly fifty per cent, more than the number
purchased during the year ended June 30, 1858.
This increase is to be accounted for chiefly by
the unusual demands for supplies created by the
reduced number of mail bags furnished during the
preceding year, which was much below the aver-
age of former years, and less than one half the
number procured during tho year ended June 30,
1857, for which the total number amounted to
54,075.
The excess of expenditure for mail bags during
tho last fiscal year, over that of the year nfeit pre-
ceding, was occasioned not only by the exigencies
arising from the inadequate supply of that year,
as before stated, but also by the substitution of a
large proportion of more costly bags for such as
had been procured at loss price, but discontinued
as no longer desirable for the mail service.
During the last fiscal year, proposals were in-
vited, by public advertisement, according to law,
for furnishing mail bags for four years from and^
after the 1st July, 1859; and tho lowest and1 best
bids were accepted, upon which two contracts
were made. These contracts, which are now in
course of satisfactory fulfillment, were made at
prices somewhat higher than those of the con-
tracts last expired; but it is confidently expected
they will prove to be highly advantageous to the
interests of the Department, as the bags con-
tracted for are greatly superior in every respect
to any heretofore used in tho scrvicc.
Tho supplies of mail locks, purchased for the
service during tho last fiscal year, amounted to
fifty per cent.'less in number, and sixty-seven per
cent, less in cost, than those of the next preceding
year.
Without entering into the details of the delin-
quencies and depredations alleged to have occurred
in connection with the postal service during the
past year, it may suffice to state that its moral
asiiccts arc still unsatisfactory. Every possible
effort has been made for improvement m that di-
rection, and these efforts will be continued without
relaxation for the future. The public have given
their complete confidence to this Department, and
have intrusted, not merely their treasures, but
their most secret and sacred revelations, to tho
keeping of its honor. They have a right to de-
mand that it shall prove itself worthy of this con-
fidence, and that this high trust shall neither be
accepted nor administered by unclean hands. But
of all tho branches of the "Government there is
none where tlie temptations to and opportunities
