1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
Mr. PENNINGTON. I understand this to be
a privileged question, and I therefore call the pre-
vious question 011 the resolution.
Mr. CURTIS. I second it.
Mr. MILES. Do I understand that the gen-
tleman from New Jersey still retains the floor?
Mr. PENNINGTON. I do.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. If this resolution
is received it must be by unanimous consent, and
I objcct.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
the resolution offered by the gentleman from New
Jersey to be a privileged question. It is of the
highest privilege, and no question but a question
of order or upon a motion to adjourn can take
precedence of it. We have acted on that theory
from the commencement. Motions that the House
proceed to vote for Speaker have been made con-
tinually, and have been put and carried. Now
the proposition of the gentleman from New Jer-
sey is, simply that the House proceed to the elec-
tion of a Speaker, which motion he couples with
a condition; and it is just as much a question of
privilege as any of the questions that have been
put here. I trust that if any objection is raised,
it will be submitted to the House, and that it will
be decidcd whether the resolution shall be received
or not.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Gentlemen will under-
stand that I have demanded the previous question,
and that it has been seconded.
Mr. LEAKE. That is not the question before
the House. The question is the point of order
which I made before the previous question was
demanded by the gentleman from New Jersey.
My point of order is this: That there are now
at least three several propositions pending before
the House, which are all as pertinent to the ques-
tion of organization as the resolution of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey.
There was a proposition submitted for the plu-
rality rule, which you, Mr. Clerk, properly ruled
out. The question upon the reception of that
resolution is pending. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Clark] is before the
House. The proposition of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] oncred as a sub-
stitute for that resolution, is before the House.
I hold, therefore, that you cannot entertain the
question now presented to the House until these
others arc disposed of. The call for the previous
question does not affect it. It cannotget 111. The
real point is, that it cannot come before the House
without its consent.
It is not now before the House. It was read
for information, and for nothing else. I under
stand the argument of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn,] I believe, and they come from
all sections, except, thank God, from the South.
[Laughtoi.]
Mr. STANTON. I desire to submit to the
gentleman from Virginia, a single consideration.
Mr. LEAKE. Well. I have very great respect
for the gentleman from Ohio; I believe him to be
a fair-minded man, and I will yield to him.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the condition
of this question to bo this: The gentleman from
New Jersey had the floor, and having the floor,
read a resolution which he proposed to offer,
which he subsequently did offer, and called the
previous question upon it. Now I submit to the
gentleman from Virginia, that lie cannot interpose
a question of order while another gentleman has
the floor, offering his resolution, and moving the
previous question. He can make his point of
order when the gentleman from New Jersey has
made lus motion, and demanded the previous
question.
Mr. PENNINGTON- I have never yielded
the floor.
Mr. LEAKE. I submit to the gentleman from
Ohio, that there is a difference between us as to a
point of memory. I know that you have stntod
what you believe to be the truth; but, sir, when-
ever the gentleman from New Jersey undertakes
to call the previous question, he must necessarily
have yielded the floor; and, sir, at the very in-
stant when the distinguished gentleman demand-
ed, not on his own motion, but at the instance of
others around him, the previous question, I.
before that call was made, raised my question of
order.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from New
Jersey had the floor, and made a speech. He
made his speech, and, without yielding the floor,
tendered his resolution, and, without yielding the
floor, demanded the previous question. Now, I
submit that no point of order can be interposed
until the gentleman from New Jersey has yielded
the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. LEAKE. I am upon the floor.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I want the Clerk to
understand that I claim the floor. I have not
yielded it.
Mr. LEAKE. I state this: That while I am a
very young member of this House, I have had
some experience in the administration of parlia-
mentary law. I do not speak egotistically. I am
too proud to do that; but I understand my point
of order. Although the gentleman from New
Jersey had the floor, I had the right to make my
point of order upon him, even in the midst of his
speech. I did make it before he had demanded
trie previous question, and there is where the mis-
take of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton]
occurs.
Mr. ASHLEY. When the gentleman from Vir-
ginia rose to make his point of order he was not
recognized by the Clerk, and therefore it could not
have been entertained by him.
Mr. BARR. That is for the Clerk to decide.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
from New Jersey has the floor, and how is it that
he can be deprived of his right to call the previous
question, before he sits down, upon the resolution
which he has offered?
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to_ re-
spond to the inquiries of thegefitleman from Maine,
that the gentleman from New Jersey was upon
the floor, and stated that he had a resolution that
he desired to read to the House.
Mr. LEAKE. That is right.
The CLERK. Seveial genftamen objected to
the resolution, but it having not been offered for
the consideration of the House, but merely read
by the gentleman from New Jersey, the Clerk did
not consider it necessary'at that time to pay any
attention to the objections which he raised.
Mr. LEAKE. Now, Mr. Clerk, just let us
The Clerk is not yet entirely
settle this matter.
The CLERK.
through.
Mr. LEAKE. I want to hear the Clerk, and
he ought to be heard, because he has acted fairly
and honestly throughout this difficulty.
The CLERK. The Clerk desires to state that,
so soon as the gentleman from New Jersey stated
his purpose to introduce the resolution, objections
were made uimii the right of the Clerk.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I deske to state that,
while the gentleman from New Jersey was upon
the floor proposing his resolution, the Clerk rec-
ognized me, and I objected to it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I want to put
an inquiry to the Clerk.
Mr HOUSTON. T want to say a word.
Mr. LEAKE. 1 have the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wantto know
whether the gentleman from New Jersey had the
floor or not; whether he was recognized by the
Clerk as having the floor?
The CLERK. The gentleman from New Jer-
sey eei tauily was recognized by the Clerk as hav-
ing the floor; but having the floor, it was compe-
tent for the gentleman from Virginia to raise a
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wantto state
this: That, having the floor, it was competent for
the gentleman from New Jersey to make a motion
that the House proceed to a vote for Speaker. It
was also competent for him to proceed to make a
motion in the form of a resolution that we should
take a vote for Speaker, and to connect with that
the plurality rule. It is as competent to do that as
it has been for tho gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Winsi.oiv,] (lay after day, to rise and make
a motion that the kEousc proceed to vote for
Speaker. It was just as competent for the gentle-
man from New Jersey to make that motion, hav-
ing the floor, as it was for any other gentleman;
and, sir, when he makes that motion, it is com-
petent for hnn to couple with it an addition provid-
ing for the plurality rule. Having a right to make
the motion, ho had a right to call for the previous
question. Having that right, sir, he cannot be
deprived of it by all the men of this House to-
i gether. That is what I have to say.
Mr. REAGAN took the floor.
Mr. LEAKE. I will not yield to my honorable
friend from Texas, and he will know that I decline
out of no disrespect to him.
Mr. WINSLuW. This is an important'ques-
tion, and requires much research and reflection;
and if my friend will yield I will mov.e that th,e
House adjourn.
Mr. GROW. Allow me to recite the action of
Congress in a similar case. The gentleman, I
understand, makes the point of order that this
resolution could not be introduced. I call his at-
tention, before he continues his remarks, in order
that he may reply to it, to the action of the Thirty-
First Congress, in a case similar to the present
one. The Clerk died, and notwithstanding there
were motions and orders before the House, Mr.
Speaker Cobb decided that nothing was in order
but the election of a Clerk. Here is the whole
case from the Congressional Globe:
c< Mr. Harris, of Illinois, rose and moved that the House
do now proceed to the election of a Clerk.
Mr. Brown, of Mississippi, moved to amend the motion
by adding, after the word ' Clerk/ tile words,' and Door-
keeper.'
" The Speaker. In the opinion of the Chair, the amend-
ment is not in order.
" Mr. Brown. Then I offer this resolution.
" Tho resolution was read, as follows :
" Resolved, That the order heretofore passed by the House
postponing the election ot Doorkeeper, be, and the same is
hereby, rescinded; and that the House of Representatives
proceed at once to the election of Clerk and Doorkeeper for
the Thirty-First Congress. %
" The resolution having been read,
" Tho Speaker said: In the opinion of the Chair, no
resolution, no business is in oider, until a Clerk shall have
been elected; and the House can take action upon no sub-
ject whatever until the election ot a Clerk, that being ne-
cessary to the organization of the House.
" Mr. Brown. I suppose some motion is necessarily in
order.
" The Speaker. No motion is in order except the mo-
tion made by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,]
that the House proceed to the election of a Clerk.
" Mr. Kaufman rose to mquiic whether the motion ofthe
gentleman irom Illinois [Mr. Harris] was debatable; be-
cause, it it was so, he had risen for the purpose of moving
the previous question ?
"The Speaker. The Chair does not think that the mo-
tion to go into the election of Clerk is debatable, (f it is
so, the debate must be confined within very narrow limits.
But the Chair thinks that the question is not debatable at
all.
" Mr. Kaufman. Then it is unnecessary for me to move
the previous question.
" Mr. Brown. That I may have the sense of the House
upon that question, I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
And f should like to submit a remark.
" The Speaker. The Chair has ruled that the resolution
ofthe gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] is out of
oider. upon the ground that the House is not organized un-
til a CJcik shall have been elected, and that no business is
in order until the House shall have been oiganized by the
election of a Clerk. From this decision the gentleman from
Mississippi appeals; and the question is,e Shall the decis-
ion ofthe Chair stand as the judgment of the House?'
" And the question thereon was taken; and decided in
the affirmative, without a division.
So the judgment of the Chair was affirmed."
That is a ease parallel to this one. Resolutions
may bo pending before this House; but it is in order
at all times to move to proceed to take a vote. That
decision corresponds with the parliamentary law,
and with the act of Congress which has been cited
here a number of times. It was decided that a
vote for Clerk of the House, when called for,
would take precedence over all other motions and
all other action of this House. All that was needed
was the motion to proceed to a vote for Speaker.
The case I have referred to is to be found in the
Congressional Globe, first session Thirty-First
Congress*volume 1, pages 740, 741.
Mr. VANDEVER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia rose to a point of order; he has stated his
point of order; and the point of order I make is,
that he has no right to procced to the discussion
of that point of order while the gentleman from
New Jersey holds the floor. The gentleman from
Now Jersey claims the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from "Virginia
has the floor upon his point of order, and he is
proceeding to state what his point of order is.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Does the Clerk say
that the gentleman from Virginia rose and was
recognized before the call for the previous ques-
tion ?
The CLERK. The Clerk has not said any
such thing; the Clerk states that the gentleman
from Virginia is upon the floor upon his point of
order, and that he has the right to state it.
Mr. VANDEVER. The'gentleman from Vir-
ginia has the right to state his point of order, but
not to discuss it. I appeal to the House whether,
