1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
the existing law; and although, in almost every
ca£e, they come, I think, within the true and just
interpretation of the law, yet, by the construction
put upon the law at the Treasury Department,
none of those parties are enabled to obtain indem-
nity. I think there is great force and truth in the
remark made by the gentleman from Missouri,
andjf am astonished that Congress has not here-
tofore passed laws to enable those men who have
lost their property in this way to obtain indem-
nity.
-But I disagree with the gentleman in other re-
spects. Whenever a particular claim is made
before Congress, which is just and proper, for a
loss of property in the scrvice of this country, I
am willing to indemnify the claimant in that par-
ticular case, though I am in favor of a general law
for the relief of all such claimants, to be properly
carried out by the officers of the Government.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no remarks to make
in referenced the Missouri volunteers. 1 think
they will in due time be taken care of to the ex-
tent of their deserts. But this claimant now before
the committee appears to have been a captain in
Mexico. I gather from the report that on one
occasion he was ordered by a superior officer to
disperse a band of the enemy. While absent
upon that duty, he lost property which he could
have protected had he remained with that prop-
erty, and had not gone off to disperse that band
of the enemy. At that time he bore a commis-
sion. Is it the law of th'is country that the losses
which a person shall sustain by the enemy under
such circumstances shall be paid for by the Gov-
ernment? Had this person with him any prop-
erty except such as pertained to his personal ap-
parel and equipment?
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from North
Carolina labors under a misapprehension of the
facts in this case. Mr. Clay was sent off upon
business with other officers. While engaged in
that duty he was taken prisoner, carricd away
captive, and remained a long period of time within
the Mcxican lines. When he returned he found
his horses, equipment, and everything, gone. It
is a peculiar case, sui generis, and ought to be paid
specially.
Mr. BRANCH. Was the property gone by
capture by the public enemy?
Mr. CURTIS. No, sir; it was lost while he
was a prisoner of the enemy. -
Mr. BRANCH. I must confess that the ex-
planation of the gentleman from Iowa has not yet
enabled me to know what description of property
this was, or how it was lost.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask the gentleman
from North Carolina to let me send to the Clcrk^s
desk, to be read, the views of the minority of the
committee upon this question. They were hast-
ily drawn up, and pot so thoroughly matured as
they should have been, otherwise they would
have been presented before now as the report of the
minority of the committee. Yet they embrace
the facts, and, 1 think, the principles which should
govern this case.
Mr. BRANCH. I am willing the views of the
minority should be read, as I only desiie proper
information upon this subject.
The report was read, as follows:
The minority of the Committee of Claims, to whom was
referred the petition of Cassius M. Clay, asking " indemnity
against losses sustained by him in Mexico, and relief against
a judgment obtained against him," ask. leave to repoit:
The claim for hoi^es and other property in .Mexico in well
established, so far as the fact of the loss is concerned; but
no reason is perceived why this loss should be taken out of
the general rule, and made an exception. What is that rule ?
It is that the soldier, whether officer or private, take« the
risk and must bear the consequences of his scrvice. Thou-
sands of others also lost horses, pistols, camp equipage, &c.,
and they are required to present their claims to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasuiy, and abide an impartial
decision under the general laws passed by Congress making
indemnity for lost propciiy. A majority of youi committee
recommend the allowance of a part of this claim on the
ground thatthe serviceupon which Captain Clay wasordcred
was extraoidinaiy andhazaidous. The imnoiity would re-
spectfully submit that all service in thp field in front of the
enemy's guns is hazaidous. The order to Captain Clay di-
rected him to push on in the advance, and clear the load of
some lobbeis that thieatened the tiajiis. In the execution
of this order he wa* compelled to leave certain articles be-
hind him, and, being aftei wards taken prisoner, he likewise
lost that which he took with him. Thin is rhe whole case.
Nor is it perceived by the minority of the comimttec how
this constituted an extraordinary service, which should take
the claim out of the operation of the general law and jus-
tify special legislation.
As to the second branch of the claim, to wit: the judg-
ment recovered against Captain Clay, for having inflicted
injury upon other parties in violation ofiaw, but in execu-
tion of a military order from a superior officer. The order
was not issued in a state of actual w>r, or in. the enemy's
counti y; but in a state of peace in our own country—in Ken-
tucky, where the civil authority prevailed. If the case was
one arising under martial law, arising under an imperious
necessity, justifying itself, it might be different. The minor-
ity ofyoui committee deny thatthe claim is allowable upon
any principles of law, justice, or public policy. If it were a
new question before Congress, it could easily he shown that
no countenance should ever be given to a violation of the
civil law by the militaiy arm of the Government. In some
cases, where property has been seized for public use, and
judgment for its value afterwards obtained against the offi-
cer making the seizure, Congress has granted relief; but
where an injury has been inflicted upon the persons or prop-
erty ofcitizens by military officers,in violation ofiaw, evpry
principle of public policy demands that such officers should
be held to strict accountability.
I?ut this question has been frequently before [Congress,]
and as fiequently decided adversely to the claimant. Only
one case, however, will be cited in this report, as that is a
ease precisely in point. In 1833, Samuel P. Scott had the
command of the revenue cutter Iiush, then lying in the
port of New York. William Davis deserted, and one Al-
fred Titus was sent to arrest inm. Davis refused to return,
and Titus reported that Davis had a party of men on the
look-out to assassinate Scott. The latter being on shore
afterwards with Lieutenant Hedge, discovered Davis, and
ordered his arrest and ttansfer to the vessel. Davis re-
sisted; and one John Anderson, a keeper of a sailors'
boarding-house, and six others, approached and demanded
Davu's release, which being refused, he knocked Scott
down twice. Davis was taken on board the ship, and An-
derson ai rested on a warrant for assault and battery. An-
derson also obtained a warrant for Scott's ai rest. The latter
was acquitted, and Anderson eonweted. Anderson after-
wards brought a civil suit for damages against Scott, and
obtained judgment for $450 and costs; in all $530 31. Ills
application to Congress was to be relieved fioin tin* judg-
ment; and Mr. Whittlesey, in a leport made Januarv 13,
1836, said:
" There are many instances where an officer of the Jni-
ted States in the dischaige of an official duty, for the ben-
efit of the service, has taken the pioporty ot an individual
for public use, and has been sued, and, "aftei full defense,
a judgment has been rceovered-j-Congress has gtanted re-
lief. This was a complaint of peisonal injury, and a par-
tial defense only made. To grant relief in tins case would
be both unjust and impolitic.*'
The application wai rejected: and a minority of your
committee concurring in this view of the question, recom-
mend the following resolution:
Resolved, That the petitionei is not entitled to relief.
Mr. BRANCH. The report of the minority of
the committee presents the facts and arguments
very distinctly, and I shall not consume the time of
the committee in reiterating them. It appears to
me very clearly that this claimant, in the ordinary
vicissitudes incident to military life, lost a portion
of his personal property. He was subject to such
a loss as the man who goes forth to war, whether
he bears a commission of his country or acts only
as a private, is liable to be subjected to; and this
is the first instance m which I have ever heard it
claimed that the Government is to make good
losses of that description. I am willing to leave
this on the report of the minority of the commit-
tee.
In regard to the other branch of the claim I
w'buld say this: that where an officer, actingunder
the orders of his superior, attempts in good faith
to carry out those orders, and fulls into an error
of judgment in regard to points of law, I would
feel very much inclined to indemnify him for
whatever losses he may have suffered. I do not
know whether, in this case, there is any proof of
want of good faith on the part of Mr. Clay. But
I am told that the Court of Claims, before which
this case has been, has^eported against it.
Mr. HOARD. Oh, no; the Court of Claims
reported that they had no authority; they did not
report against it.
Mr. CURTIS. I would say that this case is a
very simple one. The minority report is based
upon two propositions. The first is, that it was
in no extraordinary service that he lost his horses.
But it certainly was in extraordinary service.
Mr. BRANCH. I suppose the gentleman from j
Iowa understands that he is speaking in my time. !
Mr. CURTIS. Then, I will wait till the gen- i
tleman from North Carolina gets through. j
'Mr. MALLORY. I wish to make a single re- j
mark in reply to the observation of the gentleman
from North Carolina before he takes his seat. He I
says he understands that the Court of Claims j
reported against that branch of the claim for the j
damages sustained at Louisville. I understand j
that the Court of Claims admit the merit of that j
claim, but say they have no jurisdiction; and that I
they refer the claimant to Congress. !
Mr. HOARD. I have the report of the Court ;
of Claims here. They say that the power to re- j
lieve in such a case as this belongs exclusively j
to Congress. They do not report against it. i
Mr. BRANCH. 1 was going to say that I
would not argue this case any further, it is now
near four o'clock, and wchave disposed of agrcat
deal of business to-day, or we have got it into a
condition to carry it into the House, and to clear
the private docket of nearly all its adverse reports
from the Court of Claims, so that hereafter when
we go into a Committee of the Whole House, we
will be able to take up cases reported favorably
from the standing committees of the House. It-
is obvious that this claim* ingoing to give rise tP
a great deal of discussion, and that it will be
strongly resisted. I propose, therefore, that the
committee do now rise, with a view to dispose of,
and thereby s^ve, what we have already accom-
plished to-day; and that this case be allowed to
stand over till some future time. It can be taken
up when we go into a Committee of the Whole
House again.
Mr. CURTIS. I would rather that it were dis-
posed of now
Mr. BRANCH. I have not yielded the floor
yet. I propose, before I close, to move that the
committee do now rise, so as to save what we
have already done.
Mr. CURTIS. I would Iik,e merely to reply
to the minority report.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 would not hesitate to yield,
the floor to enable the gentleman to do so,and of
course common justice would require me to yield,
if I proposed any action adverse to the case; but
inasmuch as I do not propose any action adverse
to the claim, but propose to leave it in the posi-
tion in which it now stands, with a view to take it
up at some future time, I do not think there is any
necessity for the gentleman to make any expla-
nation now; I therefore move that the committee
now rise.
DENNIS CRONANS.
Mr. TAYLOR. Before the motion is put, I wish
to have a question settled. I understand that
there was a resolution submitted and adopted to-
day to concur in the adverse report of the Court
of Claims in all cases, save where there was an ex-
ception. The case of Dennis Cronans was re-
ferred sometime since to the Committee of Claims,
and is now pending before that committee. I ask
that it be exempted from this general resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection myself;
but I believe the gentleman from Louisiana has
jumped into slippery ground, which has already
given rise to a great deal of discussion. How-
ever, I have no objection to withdrawing my mo-
tion for the present.
Mr. TAYLOR. The case I refer to has been
sent to the Committee of Claims, and is now be-
fore it. It was not properly on the Calendar in
Committee of the Whole t-Iouse. I therefore
move that it be exempted from the report.
The motion was agreed to. #
SHREVE AND CAKTEIt.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire also to have exempted
from the effect of this resolution, the adverse re-
port from the Court of Claims (No. 205) on the
petition ofLydia R. Shreve and Walker R. Car-
terf administrators of Henry M. Shreve.
*It was so ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. I renew my motion that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ashmore
an Morse were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 24, nays 73; no quorum voting.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. EDWARDS, (interrupting.) I would in-
quire whether this matter cannot be arranged so
that we may go on with the business? I am sat-
isfied that we cannot compel a vote to-day upon
the bill now before the committee, and I therefore
hope that the motion to rise will be acceded to, so
that we may pass the bills which have already
been laid aside.
Mr. BRANCH. That is precisely what I pro-
posed.
Mr. TOMPKINS. And that is precisely what-
I objected to.
The Clerk continued the call.
Mr. TAPPAN, (interrupting.) - Would it be
in order to dispense with the further calling of
the roll, with the understanding that the commit-
tee shall rise ?
