1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
The call of the roll was accordingly completed,
when the following members failed to answer to
their names:
Messrs. Adrain, Avery, Babbitt, Barksdale, Barr, Bar-
rett, Beale, Bocoek, Bonham, Bouligny,.Boyce, Brown,
Burcli, Burlingame, Burnham, Burrougbs, Buttertield, Car-
ter, Clemens, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Corwin, Cox,
Crawford, Davidson, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis,
Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Dimmick, Edmundson, Eng-
lish, Farnsworth, Penton, Ferry, Foster, Fouke, French,
Gaitrell, Gilmer, Graham, Hall, Hamilton, Hardeman, J.
Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Hawkins, Hickman, Jr-
vine, Jenkins, Jones, Junkin, Keitt, Killinger, Kunkel,
Landram, Larrahee, James M. Leach, Leake, Longnecker,
Loomis, Love, Maclay, Marston, McPherson, McQueen,
Millward, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Pendleton, Perry,
Pettit, Peyton, Pryor, Reynolds, Uuffin,Kust, Scott, Sickles,
Simms, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Somes,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stout, Stratton, Thomas, Trimble, Vance, Verree, Wade,
Israel Washburn. Webster, Wilson, Wood, Woodruff, and
Wright.
During the roll-call,
Mr. GtUARLES announced the following pairs:
Mr. Avery with Mr. Killixger; Mr. Wright
with Mr. Millward, for one week; and Mr.
Vance with Mr. Covode. He also announced
that Mr. Leach, of North Carolina, had been
called home on important business, and had left
the city.
Mr. PRANK announced the following pairs:
Mr. Bcrnham with Mr. Sickles; Mr. Ferry with
Mr. Maclay; and Mr. Loomis with Mr. Davis,
bf Indiana.
It was also announced that Mr. Foster had
paired off with Mr. Brabson for the day.
Mr. MALLORY stated that Mr. Leake was
paired off for this week with Mr. Stanton.
Mr. COVODEannounced thatMr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, had paired off with Mr. Garteell
till Tuesday next.
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that Mr. Gar-
trell was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. VALLANDIGH AM stated thatMr. Pen-
dleton \vas still detained from the House by in-
disposition.
Mr. BRANCH stated that, Mr. Ruffin was
confined to his room by indisposition.
Mr. BLAKE stated that Mr. Trimble was
sick.
Mr. EDWARDS announced that Mr. Mars-
ton had left the House this afternoon very un-
well.
The roll having been called, and the absentees
noted, the committee rose; and Mr. McRae hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Winslow reported that the Committee of the
Whole House had had under consideration the
Private Calendar, and finding itself without a
quorum, had caused the roll to be called, and had
(Iirectedjhim to report the facts to the House,
with the names of the absentees.
A quorum having appeared, the committee re-
sumed its session, the pending question being on
Mr. Branch's motion, that the committee do now
rise.
Mr. TAPPAN. As it is now near the usual
hour of adjournment, and for the purpose of sav-
ing what hjis been done, I am willing that the
committee shall rise.
The question was put; and Mr. Branch's mo-
tion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. McRae having
taken the chair as Speakerpro tempore, Mi-.Wins-
tow reported that the Committee of the Whole
House had had under consideration the Private
Calendar, and had directed him to report to the
House sundry adverse reports from the Court of
Claims, with the recommendation that some of
them be concurred in, and_that others be referred
to the Committee of Claims; also, that the com-
mitttee had directed him to report sundry bills
to the House with a recommendation that thev
do  "
ADVERSE REPORTS OF THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole House with regard to the several adverse
reports of the Court of Claims reported to the
House-was concurred in.
By unanimous consent, the previous question
was then seconded, and the main question or-
dered, on all the bills reported from the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and the House proceeded to i
dispose of the same. " '
TENNESSEE RIVER IMPROVEMENT. ■
An act (H. R. No. 89) to liquidate the unad-
justed .contracts of the Tennessee river improve-
ment, was ordered to be engrossed, and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS ATKINSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 234) for the relief of Thomas
Atkinson, of Parke county, Indiana, was ordered
to"be engrossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT JOHNSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 238) for the relief of Robert
Johnson was ordered to be engrossed, and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was-agreed to.
ANSON DART.
The question recurred upon ordering a bill (H.
R. No. 320) for the relief of A son Dart to be en-
grossed, and read a third time.
Mr. BURNETT. It was the understanding
with the gentleman who reported that bill that
the gentleman from New York [Mr. John Coch-
rane] and myself were to be permitted to offer
our amendments in the House.
Several Members. Offer them.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlemen
will have that privilege.
Mr. BURNETT. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York precedes mine.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out all after the word " Oregon," in the seventh
line of the bill, down to the word " him," in the thirteenth
line, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Any sum that may be found to be due to him upon a
settlement with him, upon principles of equity and justice,
for moneys paid and expenses incurred by him for the use
and benefit of the Government.
The question was taken; and the amendment was
disagreed to—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. BURNETT. I now offer my amendment,
which is to strike out the words, " the sum' of
$4,000 per annum, deducting therefrom §2,500 per
aanum already received."
Mr. EDWARDS. I believe that that is the
same amenfltaent, in substance, as the one just
voted down.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is in
order.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDWARDS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EBEN S. IIANSCOMB.
The bill (H. II. No. 225) for the relief of Eben
S. Hanscomb was next taken from the Speaker's
table, and ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN. I desire to inquire whether
report No. 81, from the Court of Claims, in the
case of David Myerle, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair stated
that the cases from the Court of Claims would be
disposed of as recommended by the Committee of
the Whole. Such cases as were to be referred to
committees have been referred.
Mr. BRANCH. I so understood it.
Mr. TAPPAN. I desire distinctly to under-
stand how the adverse report in the case of Cas-
sius M. Clay was disposed of? It would be
hardly right that the decision of the courtshould
be confirmed with the bill standing on the Cal-
endar for his relief.
Mr. BRANCH. I trust that, by general con-
sent, that case will be considered as still remain-
ing on the Calendar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That will be the
understanding, there being nonobjection.
And then, on motion of Mr. fiURNETT, (at
fifteen minutes Before five o'clock, p. m,) the
House adjourned until Monday next, at twelve
o'clock, m.  
IN SENATE.
Saturday, Mareh 31, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved..
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report of the Quartermaster Gen-
erat, together with the papers called for by the
resolution of the Senate of the 14th instant, re-
questing the Secretary of War to fufnish the Sen-
ate with all plans, estimates, and reports relating
to the construction of new barracks for troops at
the presidio of San Francisco, and especially the
report of the inspector general, relating thereto,
of May, 1859; which was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DURKEE presented the petition of Daniel
Whitney, praying for the issue of patents for cer-
tain lands at Green Bay, Wisconsin, in favor of
parties to whom the land was confirmed under
the act of February 21, 1823, by commissioners
appointed under that act; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
Samuel Colt, praying an extension of his patent
for an improvement in fire-arms; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
He also preset) ted a communication from Samuel
A.Clark and others, protestingagainst the granting
of certain lands lying west of farm lots Nos. 1 to
23, inclusive, and between those lots and the Mis-
sissippi river, to H. L. Dousmanand others; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I present the memorial
of Philp & Solomons and their associates, pray-
ing the privilege of constructing a horse railway
irf Georgetown and Washington; and move its
reference to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. BROWN. The committee have had this
whole subject under consideration; and in the
course of this day I expect to have the bill which
the committee has already reported before the Sen-
ate and discussed. For the time being, I move
that the petition lie on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do notknow that I have
any objection to its being laid on the table for to-
day; but in case that bill should not get through,
I should wish it to go to the committee, that they
may take it into consideration.
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. , It will lie on the
table for the present, if there be no objection,
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of citizens of Washington
city, praying an examination and settlement ot" the claims
of J. W. Nye, for furnishing horses and carryalls for the
House of Representatives, for macadamizingPcnnsylvania
avenue, and for improving a lot of ground, on the files of
the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. YULEE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, Mrc to introduce a bill (S. No.
342) to refund to the State of Florida certain
moneys adyanced by said State for military pur-
I poses; which was read twice by its title, and re-
i ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
! Militia.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimows eon-
j sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
j 343) amendatory of the act regulating the distri-
! bution of Potomac water throughout the city of
