1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1467
Washington, approved March 3, 1859; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the
message of the President of the United States,
communicating, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 21st, a report of the Secretary of
the Navy, accompanied by copies of instructions
given to the officers of the United States naval
forces on the coa&t of Mexico to protect the per-
sons and property of the citizens of the United
States, and copies of the official reports of Captain
Jarvis and Commander Turner of the capture of
two Mexican war steamers, and the causes which
led to said capture, reported in favor of printing
the usual number; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print, and that two thou-
sand additional copies be printed, of the report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, a copy of
the memorial t)f Brevet Lieutenant Colonel B. S.
Roberts, relating to a reorganization of the mili-
tia of the United States, reported in favor of
printing the usual number; which was agreed to.
CHARLES POKTERFIELD.
Mr. DURKEE. The House of Representa-
tives yesterday sent to the Senate a bill (H. R.
No. 243) for the relief of the legal representatives
of Charles Porterfield, deceased. It was inad-
vertently referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. Inasmuch as the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims have had the same subject under
consideration and reported on it, I move that that
reference be reconsidered, and that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ALICE HUNT.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up the bill
S. No. 233. It will not take a moment's time
to consider it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No.
233) for the relief of Alice Hunt, widow of Thomas
Hunt, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
placing her name on the pension roll, at the rate
of twenty dollars per month, from the 5th of Jan-
uary, 1S60, to continue during life or widowhood.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This bill, I think, does
come injustice to this very excellent lady. It
places her pension at twenty dollars a month.
She was the wife of a captain, and, as such, enti-
tled to a captain's half pay. The half pay of a
captain now js thirty-five dollars. I move to strike
out " twenty dollars " and insert " thirty-five dol-
lar:?."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in; and the
bill, as amended, ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time. It was read the third time, and
passed.
KATE D. TAYLOR.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 ask that bill No. 250,
for the relief of Kate D. Taj^lor, be taken up. I
am sure that it will occupy no time, and it is a
case of the most crying necessity. SHe is the
widow of Brevet Captain Taylor, who was lately
killed in performing gallant service in the field
in Oregon. She is poor, and left with two or
three children.
Mr. BROWN. Iam very reluctant, of course,
to oppose anything that the Senator wishes 
Mr. CRITTENDEN". If it takes up any time,
it shall not interfere with the gentleman.
Mr. BROWN. This day was set apart for the
business of the District of Columbia.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will not interfere
with the gentleman, if it takes any time.
Mr. BROWN. With the understanding that
I am not to yield again, and that this bill is not
to give rise to debate, I yield the floor.
The motion of Mr. Crittenden was agreed to;
and the bill (S. No. 250) for the relief of Kate D.
Taylor, widow of the late Brevet Captain Oliver
H P. Taylor, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for placing the name of Kate D.^TayJor,
widow of the late Brevet Captain Oliver H. P.
Taylot, on the pension roll, at the rate of thirty-
five dollars per month, from the 17th of May,
1858, during life or widowhood, deducting the
amount received through the office of the Third
Auditor of the Treasury, at the rate of §26 66§
per month, under the fifteenth section of the act
of 16th of March, 1802.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only wish to recall
this case, by a very brief statement, to the recol-
lection and attention of Senators. The case of
Captain Taylor is of recent occurrence. He was
killed, in the course of the last two years, in the
Indiaji expedition under the command of Colonel
Steptoe. He was behaving very gallantly at the
time of his death. As brevet captain, and in com-
mand of a company, he was compelled to occupy
a very perilous situation; and did so with great
gallantry, and lost his life. I believe he was
Elaced at the rear of the little band with which
e was associated, under the command of Colo-
nel Steptoe, and was killed in defending it against
the attack of a large force. The only question
before the committee was whether this lady should
be entitled to the half pay of a lieutenant, or the
half pay of a captain. They determined that she
should be entitled to the half pay of a captain; and
I trust it will meet the approbation of every Sena-
tor. He was brevet captain at the time, and he
was acting as captain of his company at the time;
and in that character, and in that command, was
exposed to the peculiar danger in which he lost
his life. I think, as he was acting as a captain
at the time—being in command as a brevet cap-
tain—and as the perilous condition in which it
placed him was th^immediate cause of his death,
nothing can be more just than to give his poor
widow, with two or three little children, and noth-
ing to sustain them but the pension which the
Government shall allow her, the half pay of a
captain.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther petitions and memorials, the Chair will call i
up the business for which this day was set apart.
The first bill in reference to the District of Co-
lumbia on the Calendar is the bill Senate No. 62.
Mr. BROWN. Before proceeding to the con-
sideration of District business, I submit a motion
to the Senate, that the Mayors of Washington
and Georgetown be allowed to come on the floor
during the progress of their business# Perhaps
they may have suggestions to make to us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection to ;
that proposition.
PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION OF CLERKS.
The bill (S. No. 62) to amend the li Act to in-
corporate the Provident Association of Clerks in
the civil Departments of the Government of the
United States in the District of Columbia," was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes so to amend the
ch&rter as to allow any member of the associa-
tion, on giving one month's notice to the presi-
dent and board of officers, to withdraw from the
association, and receive out of its funds and as-
sets such sum as the president and board of offi-
cers may consider just and equitable, but in no
case to exceed the amount he may have contrib-
uted, with interest at the rate of six per cent.,
nor his distributive share of the entire assets if
distributed pro rata to family interest at the time
of such withdrawal.
The bill was .reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ALEXANDRIA AND HAMPSHIRE RAILROAD.
The bill (S. No. 64) to authorize the extension
and use of a branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun,
and Hampshire railroad, within the city of George-
town, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire if this
is a grant to run through the city?
Mr. BROWN. No. It is simply giving a Vir-
ginia company the privilege of crossing the Poto-
mac, and establishing a depot in the city of
Georgetown. That is all they ask.
The bill was passed.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS OF WASHINGTON.
The bill (S. No. 76) for the benefit of public
schools in the city of Washington, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to surrender so much of
the fines and forfeitures hereafter to be collected
in the District of Columbia- as accrue to the Uni-
ted States, to the city of Washington for school
purposes; and the money is to be appropriated
to the purpose of building permanent school-
houses in the city of Washington, and to no other
use; and when the whole sum so received shall
amount to $50,000, the operations of this provis-
ion are to doase.
The bill further provides that the corporate au-
thorities in the city of Washington may levy a
special t;uc, not exceeding ten cents on each $100
worth ofraxable property in the corporate limits
of the city, for the benefit of public schools; and
that whenever the Secretary of the Treasury shall
be officially notified by the Mayor that this tax
has been levied and collected, it slyill be his duty
to pay from the Treasury of the United States, to
the persons legally authorized to receive the school
funds for the city of Washington, a sum equal to
the amount thus raised by a special tax; but no
more than $25,000 per annum are to be paid by
the United States, and the payments are to con-
tinue for five years, unless Congress shall other-
wise order.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. CLARK. I think that bill had better be
laid aside to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be put on its passage to-day.
The hill (S. No. 200) directing the conveyance
of a lot of ground for the use of the public schools
of Washington city, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
will be a direction to the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to relinquish and convey to the corpo-
ration of Washington all the right and title of the
United States to lot No. 14, in square No. 253,
for the uses of the public schools, and for no other
purpose; and the lot is not to bo assigned or con-
| veyed by the city corporation for any purpose
whatsoever.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
PASSENGER RAILWAY.
Mr. BROWN. I perceive that the next bill is
the avenue railroad bill. Lest we should get into
a discussion on it, and defeat other measures to
which I think there will be no objection, I propose
that we pass that bill by for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that bill will bu passed over informally,
and the Chair will call up the other District bills.
GRAND LODGE OF ODD FELLOWS.
The bill (S. No. 252) to incorporate the Grand
Lodge of the IndepcnduntOrder of Odd Fellows of
the District of Columbia was read the second tirne>
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia to section four of the bill. That section
provides that this bill shall not be construed to
confer banking privileges. I understand that many
of the corporations and individuals of the District
exercise those privileges without right or law, and
I desire to inquire whether it would not be better
simply to prohibit them from doing it? They may
attempt to do it without right.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to an amend-
ment of that sort.
Mr. CLARK. I offer the following amend-
ment to section fotjr: to strike out all after the en-
acting clause of the section, and insert:
TJj.it the said corporation shall not exorcise hanking priv-
ileges, or issue, or put in circulation, bank notes, or any
note, paper, token, scrip, or device, to be used currency.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to the
jynendment. It seems tome to be about the same
as the section is now; but if the Senator prefers
that phraseology, let it be so.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported .to the Senate, and the
