1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2411
people who would contribute to make a railroad
profitable.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask my colleague whether,
if he wishes to serve the people at Pike's Peak,
it would not be going too far to the north to go
by the way of Salt Lake?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will answer my
colleague very cheerfully. He may start on that
map, or, if he does not understand the map, he
may start on the traveled route in Pennsylvania;
and if he keeps on that parallel of latitude to the
West, he will run through the capital of Penn-
sylvania, the capital of Ohio, the heart of Indiana,
tne capital of Illinois, and through Hannibal and
St. Joseph, Missouri; and, keeping on that direct
line, he will not go five miles from Denver City,
the metropolis of the Pike's Peak gold region.
If he keeps that direct line toward the setting sun,
I challenge my colleague to show that he will get
more than half a degree from the direct east and
west line, until he strikes Genoa, the heart of the
gold region in the Carson Valley country.
Mr. PHELPS. Does not my colleague know
that Genoa is some two or three degrees south of
Salt Lake City, and that Pike's Peak is the same?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. No, sir. I am not
talking about Pike's Peak; and if my colleague
were as well posted as I am he would know that
there is no gold at Pike's Peak; and that no white
man ever stayed over night in the region of Pike's
Peak. [Laughter.] I am talking about the gold
fields of the country known as the Pike's Peak
region.
Mr. PHELPS. I am sorry to find that my
colleague is not aware of the existence of the city
of Colorado, of one or two towns in the vicinity
of Pike's Peak, and of two or three thriving vil-
lages on the Arkansas river, extending to the
Blue river.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If my colleague un-
derstood me he would know that I undertook to
say, that in the vicinity of Pike's Peak (in the
sense in which the " vicinity of the Great Salt
Lake City" is used in the bill) there arc many hun-
dred American citizens now staying and working
there; but I undertake to say that no gold has
been discovered within fifty miles of Pike's Peak,
and that no white man is living at Pike's Peak.
My objcct in supporting this route is, that it
will place the Pacific railroad at once in connec-
tion with all the roads of ail the States of the
Union. It will run through the center of the finest
region of country of its extent to be found on
earth. Every one who has traveled from Phila-
delphia to the western border of the State of Mis-
souri, will admit that history gives no account of
a section of country equal to it in regard to every-
thing calculated to make a people rich, powerful,
and happy.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman from
Missouri will be good enough to explain to us
whj it is that he is not willing to tiust the com-
pany to build this road with the selection of the
location. It seems thai the advantages which can
satisfy him will satisfy them.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I understand that
one half of the money which is to build this road
is to be voted by us, the Representatives of the
people, out of the money belonging to the people
of the United States. I desire that no bribe, that
no influence, shall be brought to bear on this com-
pany that might endanger the appropriation which
we make out of the public Treasury. 1 desire that
we shall indicate the neighborhood in which the
road shall start, and we do not state that point in
the dark. I believe the honorable gentleman from
Virginia has lived a while in California, as I have
myself; and he knows, although he probably went
round the Horn to get there, thateverybody else,
who gotto California by theoverlandroute, passed
along the line which this committee has indicated
for this road to run. We have not only the in-
stinct of the buffalo, as was once said.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is
mistaken in saying that 1 know that.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. IIow did you get
there r
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, replied, but in such
a low tone of voice that the reporters were unable
to hear what he said.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman
could not have understood me. I have not denied
that emigrants have, once in a while, found them-
selves on that ram's-horn route, and they were
every one willing, for the balance of their lives,
to be called green-horns, for going that way.
[Laughter.] I am speaking of the route the thou-
sands and hundreds of thousands of men, women,
and children have gone who have gone from the
middle, the western, and the eastern States, to the
Pacific slope.
I say more, sir. This route is the route which
the instruments of the engineers themselves indi-
cate as the shortest and cheapest route to build a
railroad upon. We have the locomotive now
snorting west of the Missouri river, in tho Ter-
ritory of Kansas.
I read a letter, whilst my colleague was speak-
ing, saying that the first section of that road is
now under contract; that they are laying down
the rails at the rate of half a mile a day, and that
in a very short time they will be running cars
regularly over that road. The writer goes on to
say that whilst Congress is gravely discussing
the propriety of building that railroad, the people
arc building it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is
too fast. That is a very good reason why we
should not meddle with the subject, if the people
are ready to dispense with our aid.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
if he would vote for a Pacific railroad to go any-
where ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Under proper cir-
cumstances.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. And I apprehend
that the gentleman from Virginia never found,
and never will find, one presented under proper
circumstances.
Mr. Speaker, this road is intended to start at
two points, one on each side of the fortieth par-
allel of latitude; and if any gentleman will take a
map of the country, he will see that the road,
started as this bill starts it, will accommodate more
of the people who have to help to build it than
any other line would do.
1 desire just to say, in conclusion, that I am
not opposed to giving the southern States a road.
If a proposition is made hero to put upon this bill
a provision for the construction of another road,
1 may vote for it. I will not be bound to do it or
not to do it. I am willing that they shall have a
road; but if we arc to have only one road, I insist
that that road ought to be built upon the central
line. I now move to close the debate upon the
pending amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The question now being upon Mr. PiiELrs'fe
amendment, to strike out the words "and by the
vicinity of Great Salt Lake,"
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Piielps and
Tiieaker were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 43, noes 75.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I now renew the amendment
which I withdrew at the request of the gentleman
from Missouri.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows;
Stukc out all aftei tho enacling clause, in the fir^t sec-
tion, and mseit, in lieu theieof, the following:
That to insure the safe, ceitain, and speedy transporta-
tion of maiN, troops, and public stores, fiom the western
boider of what is called our western States, by railroad,
namely: starting from two points, one on the western bor-
der of the State ot Mi^ouri, and tiic other on the western
border of Iowa, with two converging lines beniing west-
waid and uniting within two hundred miles of the Missouri
river, and thence proceeding by a single trunk line, by the
nearest and best route to the city of San Francisco, or to
tho navigable waters! of the Saciamento, in the State of
California, there be, and hereby is, gianted to William II.
Swift, Samuel T. Dana, and John Beitram, of Massachu-
setts; Mo^es* II. Grinm.ll, Benjamin Chamberlain, Hamil-
ton Fish, John A. Dix, Daniel C. Eaton, Azariah Boody,
and Joseph Field, of New Yoik; Daniel J. Morrell, Jo>eph
Harrison, George W. Ga«s, Joseph II. Scranton, Morton
McMichael, of Pennsylvania ; Edwaul Pennelton, of Vir-
ginia; Benjamin H. Latrobe, Ross Wmans and Thomas
Swann, of Maryland ; William Case, S. S. L'llommedieu,
and Ilniry B. Curtis, of Ohio ; Thoma-> A. Moms, Jesse L.
William?, and David C. Kanham, ni Indiana ; Joshua Cobb,
of Tennessee ; E. O. Grosvoinor ami William J. Welles, ot
Michigan; John Wentworth, N. 15. Jucid, John Mooie, and
Charles G. Hammond, of Illinois5 John IIow, James II.
Lucas, William Gilpm, and Willard P. flail, of Missouri;
Charles Mason, Lucius II. Langworthy, Hugh T. Reid, and
Hoyt Sherman, of Iowa; Samuel J. Hensley, T. D. Judah,
and Louis McLane, of California; Herman C. Leonard,
and J. C. Amsworth, of Oiegon,as trustees lor the oigani-
zation of a company to build the railioad herein provided
for, evoiy alternate f-ection 01 land within one iriile of such
railroad line as such persons may adopt, said sections to
be those designated by odd numbers: Provided, That in
any corporation of the stockholders of said company, to
carry out the provisions of this act, no person shall be per-
mitted to subscribe stock to a greater amount than the cash
value of his estate, to be determined by the parties herein
named, or by the board of directors, as the case may be, by
oath or otherwise, and that the persons herein named be
authorized, within one month of the passage of this act, to
determine the amount of private capital stock which will
be necessary to the completion of this road; and that they
be authorized to open books of subscription for said stock,
m the cities of New York, St. Louis, and New Orleans,
and in such other places as they may think proper, and to
keep the same open fer the term of three months; and at
the expiration of said three months, the stockholders shall
meet at such place as may be agreed on, and elect a board
of directors of not less than twenty-five nor more than forty
persons, who shall supersede the persons herein named in
the control and management of the affairs of said company;
the stock to be taken in shares ot $100 each, and each share
to entitle the shareholder toone vote; and that no one per-
son or firm shall be allowed to take more than $500,000 of
said stock: *And provided further, That five per cent, on
the amount of stock subscribed shall be paid to the com-
pany, in cash, at the time of taking the same; and when
the United Slates have disposed ot any such sections, or
for any other reason cannot convey title thereto, or when
the 6ame shall be condemned by the United States sur-
veyor as worthless, (and his decision be approved by the
Secretary of the Interior,) or when the same shall be min-
eral lands, or if the same shall be occupied at the date of
passing this act, the deficiency shall be made up by selec-
tions made within six miles of said road from lands of the
United States to which none of the aforesaid objections
apply: Provided, That so soon as the terms of this act are
accepted by the parties undertaking to perform the services
herein provided for, it shall be the duty of the President of
the United States, upon the application of said parties, to
cause the public lands for six miles on each side ®f so
much of said road as the parties may indicate, to be with-
held from settlement, sale, and occupation, until the lands
shall have been "surveyed and the alternate sections se-
lected, as provided in this act.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say that most of the
provisions which are in that amendment are in
the bill. The amendment does not propose to
change the route or the names of the corporators,
but 1a intended by the honorable gentleman to
prevent men of straw from taking stock in tho
company. Now, I wish to say that the commit-
tee of sixteen have taken this matter into careful
consideration, and, in my opinion, the bill pro-
vides against any such possibility in this way.
In the first place, they nave taken men whom
they believe will be willing to guard against any
such trickery, and, in the next place, no man can
subscribe for more stock than he is worth.
With these provisions, the committee think
the bill is fairly and sufficiently guarded. There
are other provisions, also, in the bill. The amend-
ment only allows three months for the opening of
books and the determining of those measures;
and the consequence of the amendment would bo
to defeat an organization, because you could not
open books in San Francisco, New York, Phila-
delphia, and elsewhere, and have them returned
in time; or if you could, the work would certainly
fall into the hands of a few speculators, which is
what the gentleman docs not want. As the bill
is arranged, it leaves the corporators a year to go
on and organize arid commence the work. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment will be voted
down.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to ask, as to the
character of these incorporators, whether this
William H. Swift is the gentleman of" live oak "
notoriety? I understand that^ie is.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman can ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts who he is. I do not
know him; but I understand that he is one of the
most distinguished and able engineers and railroad
men in Massachusetts.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Before I submit a
proposition, I desire to ask the Chair whether, if
the amendment of the gentleman from Texas is
adopted, it will then be in order further to amend
the first section of the hill?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order in
that event.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire, then, to
have read an amendment, which I propose to offer
to the first section of the bill in case the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Texas shall be voted
down.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Strike out ail after the enacting clause of the first section
of the bill, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
That with the view of aiding 111 the construction of a
suitable railioad and telegraph communication between the
Atlantic States and the Pacific ocean, there shall be, and
hereby is, appropriated and set apart a quantity of public
land equal to the alternate sections for the space of fifteen
milcb on each bide of the following load and branches,
fiom their eastern to their western termini; that is to gay:
one mam trunk railroad and telegraphic line from some
