26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 3,
36th Cong.... 1st
Report of' the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
a few hundred pounds are now, from this cause,
found weighing tons. The rates of postage on
printed documents, &c., being but nominal, the
cost of their conveyance is, in fact, a tax on the
letter correspondence of the country. Hence, as
the great mass of the matter franked by the Gov-
ernment officials is printed, were it even paid for
■at the prevailing rates, still, in precise proportion
as the Government is the patron of the mails,
would the service be unremunerative to the De-
partment. Werethe "freematter "nowconveyed
charged with the existing rates of postage, it is
confidently believed that it would yield an annual
revenue of at least one million eight hundred thou-
sand dollars; yet for this service the Department
receives but $700,000, and actually expends in
its performance but little, if anything, short of
$3,000,000.
The obligation of the Government to pay for
the use of the mails, at the rates imposed on the
private citizen, is now so manifest, that the propo-
sition has been deliberately made, and urged with
much force, that this act of justice shall, if pos-
sible, be made retrospective. Could the amount
which the Departmenthas expended for the trans-
portation of free matter from the foundation of the
Government be ascertained—which is obviously
impracticable—it is difficult to perceive on what
ground a claim to its reimbursement, less the ag-
gregate of the appropriations made from the Treas-
ury for the support of the Department, could be
resisted. If the principle contended for is right
now, it has been so from the beginning.
But, it maybe asked, does not the Government
virtually comply with this requisition to pay its
own postages, by the annual appropriation which
it makes to meet the deficit in the postal revenues;
and is there any substantial difference between
such a provision and the prepayment of its post-
ages in detail? The answer is, that there is a dif-
ference, and this difference vitally concerns the
honor and reputation of the Department. The
appropriation referred to is offered not in satisfac-
tion of what is confessed to be due, but is rather
bestowed as an jilms. It is not paid as to a cred-
itor for services fully rendered, but is extended as
a relief to a defaulting branch of the Government,
and to save it from bankruptcy and dishonor.
This places the Department continually in a false
position, and presents it to the world as a delin-
quent, when, in truth, it is not so. So long as it
is thus treated, however skillfully or honestly it
may be administered, it must stand at the bar of
public opinion as condemned and as faithless to
its mission. This is a moral wrong, and a great
political error. "When the Department has loy-
ally discharged every duty incumbent upon it,
and has performed services, the compensation for
which, if fairly made, would render it independ-
ent, it has a right, in the name of common jus-
tice, to claim that it shall be allowed to assume
that attitude, instead of the mortifying one it has
been driven to occupy for years—that of an im-
provident and discredited insolvent, ever begging
at the door of the public Treasury.
It may be added, if it is proper that the Gov-
ernment shall be charged with the expense of
conveying the matter now passing free through
the mails, justice alike to the public and to the
Department requires that the amount thus due shall
be precisely ascertained, which can best be done
by prepayment at the mailing offices. There can
be no enlightened administration of the postal
system without a complete knowledge of its finan-
cial resources and liabilities, which can never be
attained while the incubus of the franking priv-
ilege is hanging over it. Under the stifling pressure,
too, of this incubus, the Department is forccd to
continual efforts to ameliorate its condition, which
must often result in curtailments to be deplored,
because they deprive the public of mail accommo-
dations for which they have fully paid, and which
they are, therefore, entitled to enjoy.
Another potent reason for the abolition of the
franking privilege as now exercised, is found in
the abuses which seem to be inseparable from its
existence. These abuses, though constantly ex-
posed and animadverted upon foraseries of years,
have as constantly increased. It has been often
stated by my predecessors, and is a matter of pub-
lic notoriety, that immense masses of packages are
transported under the Government frank, which
neither the letter nor spirit of the statute creating
the franking privilege would justify; that a large
number of letters, documents, and packages, are
thus conveyed, covered by the frank of officials,
written in violation of law, not by themselves,
but by some real or pretended agent, while whole
sacks of similar matter, which have never been
handled nor seen by Government functionaries,
are transported under franks which have been
forged. The extreme difficulty of detecting such
forgeries has greatly multiplied this class of of-
fenses, whilst their prevalence has so deadened
the public sentiment in reference to them that a
conviction, however ample the proof, is scarcely
possible to be obtained. The statute of 1825, de-
nouncing the counterfeiting of an official frank
under a heavy penalty, is practically inoperative.
I refer you to the case reported at length by the
United States attorney for this District, as strik-
ingly illustrating this vitiated public opinion,
reflected from the jury box. The proof was
complete, and the case unredeemed by a single
palliation, and yet the offender was discharged
unrebuked, to resume, if it should please him, his
guilty task. This verdict of acquittal is under-
stood to have been rendered on two grounds.
First, that the accused said ho did not commit
the offense " to avoid the payment of postages,"
and second, that the offense has become so prev-
alent that it is no longer proper to punish it.
These are startling propositions, whether regard-
ed in their legal, moral, or logical aspects. 'They
announce that to render the violation of a statute
legal, itis only necessary to render it general, and
that the counterfeiter of a frank of a member of
Congress, in order to shield himself from punish-
ment, has only, when arrested, to declare that he
committed the infamous crime from no hope of
pecuniary gain, thus reversing that axiomatic
principle of philosophy and of law, which teaches
that a rational agent shall be held to contemplate
and design those results which necessarily follow
from his conduct. If such language as this, coining
up from the criminal courts of the country, does
not arouse Congress to the necessity of promptly
reforming this already great and rapidly growing
evil, then it is to be feared that nothing can do so.
The franking pi ivilegc has thus become an active
instrument of public demoralization. When a
crime is committed under the influence of strong
temptation, a lar^e measure of integrity may re-
main with the offender; but where an offense like
this, essentially meicenary in its spirit and creep-
mgly clandestine in its perpetration, is committed
for the gain of a few cents, and when such of-
fense becomes wide-spread in its prevalence,it evi-
dences a condition of the public morals which can-
not, be contemplated without profound sorrow and
the liveliest apprehensions. Did no other reason
exist than these abuses and the disastrous conse-
quences to which they lead, Congress would be
fully justified in abolishing the franking privilege.
Of the substitutes which have been proposed,
that of prepayment by stamps, as recommended
by my predecessor, is probably to be preferred.
It would harmonize with the existing system,
and being eminently just, simple, and practicable,
it could be put into immediate operation without
the slightest embarrassment. That a part of the
abuses enumerated might still prevail, is not de-
nied, but their consequences would fall, as they
should, on the Government by whose officials
they were perpetrated, instead of on this Depart-
ment, as they do at present.
While the franking privilege was enjoyed by
the British Parliament, it was limited in its exer-
cise by the assignment of a given number of
franks to each member per day, and the adjust-
ment of this question by Congress would present
a favorable moment for considering whether the
public interests do not require that some similar
restriction should be imposed upon the unlimited
license that now prevails.
But the restoration of the Department to its
original independence cannot be accomplished
without the adoption of another measure of jus-
tice—that of charging on the public Treasury all
ROUTES NOT STRICTLY TOSTAL.
The revenues of the Department constitute a
0,000 §27,229 94 $572,770 06
special trust fund, of which the Treasury is the
custodian, and the Government of the United
States the responsible trustee. This fund belongs
to those by whom it has been contributed, and
stands pledged to meet the wants of the postal
service. The Government, as such, has no inter-
est in it, but has simply charged itself with the
duty of faithfully administering it. There could
be no more distinct 'and emphatic declaration of
the position asserted, than is found in the act of
1836. The Government there fully recognizes
an(i imiounces its relation to the postal fund, and,
in view of this recognition, any appropriation, in
whole or in part, of the revenues of the Depart-
ment to purposes not strictly postal, is as flagrant
a breach of trust as would be the application of
the Smithsonian fund to the improvement of a
river or harbor. It is well known, however, that,
for a series of years, the Government has been
occupied in advancing certain great national ob-
jects, in the direction of our Pacific possessions,
the entire burden of which has been imposed upon
this Department, though its connection with these
objects is exceedingly slight and only incidental.
The subjoined table—a portion of which has
already been presented in another connection-
will exhibit the cost and products of a few of the
post routes in that region, which have been estab-
lished and put into operation by authority of law,
and will make manifest the deplorable extent to
which the postal fund has been diverted from its
legitimate purposes. To avoid fractions, the an-
nual rate is given for the year, closing June 30,
1859:
Cost. Receipts.
Semi-weekly mail fiom
St. Louis unci Mem-
phis, via El l'aso, to
San Francisco (
Weekly mail from St. Jo-
seph, Missouri, to .Salt
Lake City  190,000 4,210 00 185,<90 00
Monthly mail from Neo-
sho, Missouri, to Albu-
querque  17,000 320 00 16.680 00
Monthly mail from Kan-
sas, Missoui j, to Stock-
ton, California  "9.999 1,255 00 78,714 00
Weekly mail from San
Antonio, Tetas, to £>an
Diego, California  196,443 G01 00 195,847 00
Weekly mail from Salt
Lake City to I'laecr-
viUe  130,000 1,202 03 128,797 97
This tabic presents results which are truly start-
ling. The $600,000 paid annually for carrying a
few sacks of letters from the valley of the Mis-
sissippi to San Francisco, via El Paso, through a
waste and uninhabited country, would defray the
aggregate cost of mail transportation, including
route agents, local agents, and messengers in the
States of Kentucky, Tennessee, and North Car-
olina. The post office at Salt Lake City yields
a revenue of but $700, and yet to conned that
office with the valley of the Mississippi and the
Pacific, this Department expended during the past
year $320,000. It will be observed that the an-
nual loss from the six routes mentioned above,
is §1,178,629 05. The ocean mail service to Cali-
fornia, heretofore on the Treasury, except the
cost of transit on the Panama railroad, is now a
charge on the Department, and under the present
advantageous contract, will result in a loss dur-
ing: the current year, of at least $51,027 31. This,
added to the §1,178,629 05, will exhibit a total loss
for these seven routes, of $1,229,756 36—a sum
sufficient to pay the entire expense of transport-
ing the mails and the salaries of route and local
agents and messengers in the States of Maryland,
Pennsylvania, and New York. It would improve
the postal facilities in all our cities, towns, and
populated districts, giving daily mails to those
who arc entitled to them, but who now have but
a tri-weekly service, and tri-weekly to those who
have but weekly accommodations. The power
of steam and the electric telegraph have awakened
in the most remote districts and in the most tran-
quil villages an energy and restlessness of social
and commercial life, known in other years only
amid the great commercial emporiums of the
world. As a consequence, daily mails are rapidly
becoming a universal necessity, and are now in-
sisted on as a right by the smallest communities.
Hence, it has been impossible to make the slight-
