448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti-
tion of George H. Derby, lieutenant of Topo-
graphical Engineers, praying the enactment of a
law providing for the retirement from active ser-
vice of officers who have become disabled; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
He also laid before the Senate the report of the
Secretary of the Senate, showing the payments
from the contingent fund of the Senate during the
year ending December 3,1859; which was ordered
to lie on the table; and a motion by Mr. Powell
to print the report was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
He also presented a presentment of the grand
jury to the circuit court of the United States for
the southern district of Alabama, in relation to
injuries done to the navigation of the bay and
harbor of Mobile, by vessels engaged in the oys-
ter trade; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a petition of citizens
of Cleveland, Ohio, praying that pensions may
be allowed to the surviving soldiers of the war of
1812, and to the widows of those deceased; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
He also presented the petition of F. W. Pel-
ton and others, praying that the militia of the In-
dian wars and that of 1812 may be placed on the
same footing in regard to bounty land as those
who served in the war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Oliver R.
Guild and others, praying that pensions may be
allowed to the militia of the war of 1812, and to
the widows of those deceased; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Oliver R.
Guild and others, praying that the militia of the
Indian wars and of that of 1812 may be placed
on the same footing in regard to bounty land as
those who served in the war with Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Peter
Joseph, praying an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Asa
Marsh and others, praying that the militia of the
Indian wars aud of that of 1812 may be placed on
the same footing as those who served in the war
with Mexico, in regard to bounty land; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
He also presented the petition of Asa Marsh
and others, praying that pensions may be allowed
to the militia of the war of 1812, anu to the wid-
ows of those deceased; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GREEN presented a memorial of a com-
mittee of the Chambei of Commerce of St. Louis,
Missouri, praying the establishment of a branch
mint, or an assay office, at St. Louis, Missouri:
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BIGLEEl presented the petition of Wil-
liam Maxwell Wood, a surgeon m the Navy,
praying compensation for services performed by
him under the orders of Flag Officer James Arm-
strong, of the United States Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
• Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of James
Hudgins, administrator of Ruth Murphy, praying
for arrears of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of C. F. Bruck-
ner, administrator of William White, deceased,
prayingfor arrears of pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
New Hampshire, praying that the public lands
may be laid out in farms or lots for the free and
exclusive use of actual settlers; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented five
memorials of citizens of Arkansas, praying for i
the establishment of a mail route from Grand |
Glaze, m Jackson county, via Concourse, Pleas- :
ant Plains, Cedar Grove, and Piney Woods, to !
Wolf Bayou, in Independence county, in that |
State; which were referred to the Committee on |
the Post Office and Post Roads. I
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, relative to a change of mail ser-
vice in said State, and the extension of the White
river mail line, up Little Red river, to West Point,
and establishing a new mail route from West
Point to Searcy; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the rost Office and Posfr Roads.
He also presented a resolution ofthe Legislature
of Arkansas, relative to establishing a mail route
from Ultima Thule, in that State, to Boston, in
the State of Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution ofthe Legislature
of Arkansas, for establishing a mail route in that
State from Madison, in St. Francis county, via
Augusta, in Jackson county, to Searcy, in White
county; and from Helena, along the St. Francis
road, to Madison, ir> St. Francis county; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, relative to the establishment of
a mail route in that State, from Jacksonport, in
Jackson county, via Oil Trough, Pleasant Plains,
through Pine Grove neighborhood, to Wolf Bayou
post office, in Independence county; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, for establishing in that State a
mail route fiom Batesville, in Independence
county, via Mount Olivet, Izard county, Yell-
villc, iVIarion county, Carroll ton, Carroll county,
and Huntsville, Madison county, to Fayetteville,
in Washington county; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, relative to the establishment of
a semi-weekly mail from Smithville, Lawrence
county, via Salem and Sapp's Store, in Fulton
county, in thatState, to Springfield, in the State of
Missouri; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, relative to the changing of the
mail route in that State, from Camden to Eldorado,
via Lisbon and Buflalo;v\vhich was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, for establishing a mail route
from Huntsville, in Madison county, via Ozark,
in Franklin county, to Waldron,in Scott county;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, relative to the establishment of
a mail route in lhat State, from Washington, in
Hempstead county, via Pine Grove, in Hempstead
county, Caddo Gap, Mount Ida, in Montgomery
county, Waldron, in Scott county, to Fort"Smith,
in Sebastian county, there to intersect the overland
mail route to California; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He albO presented a resolution of the Legislature
of Arkansas for the establishment of a mail route
from Dover, via Big Creek, in Newton county, in
that State, to Forsythe, m Taney county, Mis-
souri; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legislature
of Arkansas for the establishment of a mail route
m that State, from Hot Spring, in Hot Spring
county, to Caddo post office, in Montgomery
county; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, relative to a grant of lan^l for
railroad purposes m said State, and an additional
grant of six miles on each side of the Cairo and
Fulton railroad, or the equivalent thereof; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Aikansas, relative to a grant of land to
construct a railroad in that State,from Fulton, on
Red River, via Fort Smith, Van Buren, Fayette-
ville, and Bentonville, to the Missouri line, in the
direction of Springfield, in Missouri, or some suit-
able point on the western boundary of the State
of Missouri; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFEKRED.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the resolution of the Legislature of the
State of California, in relation to the construction of an
electric telegraph fiom Piacerville, California, to Great Salt
Lake City, in the Ten ltoiy of Utah, on the file-* of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Xtoads.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it w^s
Ordered, That the memorials and papers relating to cheap
ocean postage, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Koads.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Eliza E. Ogden, prayingfor
an equitable allowance of percentage on certain disburse-
ments made by her latehu-band, Major Edmund A. Ogden,
for the suppression of Indian hostilities, while acting as
assistant quartermaster in the Army of the United States,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That Eliza G. Towiisend have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the heirs of
Israel Honeywell, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James Smith, praying to
be allowed a pension on account of an injury received
white a soldier In the Army, on the files> of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. B1GLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Bancroft Woodroek, pray-
ing an extension of his patent for an improvement in the
construction of the plow, on the files of the Senate, be re-
tried to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Elizabeth Spear, widow
of Thomas Williams, whn was killed in battle, praying to
be allowed a pension, on the files of the Senate, be refened
to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of A. Edwards, late register
of the Lund Office at Kalamazoo, Michigan, praying the
reimbuisemcnt of money paid by him for extra clerk hue,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Daniel B. Hibbaid, pray-
ing payment for his sex vices m carrying the mail under a
special contract with the deputy po&tmastcr at St. Johns,
Michigan, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. WIGFALL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in relation to the
claim of Saiah G. Bryant, widow of Charles G. Bryant; of
Texas, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Richard Maekall, on the
files of the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Charles A. Kmkead, on behalf of the firm of
Livingston, Kinkead & Company, praying in-
demnity for robbery and injuries sustained from
the Sioux Indians, reported a bill (S. No. 69) for
the relief of Livingston, Kinkead & Company;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of George Stealey, of
Frankfort, Kentucky, praying compensation for
services and expenses while on a mission to the
Indian tribes m the northern part of California,
under authority of the Indian commissioners, in
1850 and 1851,"reported a bill (S. No. 70) for the
relief of George Steale); which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the American Board
of Commissioners for Foreign Missions, praying
to be released from the condition of the fourth arti-
cle ofthe Cherokee treaty made at New Echota,on
the 29th of December, 1835, reported a bill (S. No.
71) for the relief of the American Board of Com-
missioners for Foreign Missions; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
INVASION OF STATES.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I offer the following resolu^
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report a bill for the protection of each State and
Territory of the Union against invasion by the authorities
or inhabitants of any other State or Territory ; and for the
suppression and punishment of con«pnacics or combina-
tions m any State or Temtory with intent to invade, a^ail,
or molest the government, inhabitants, propertv, or institu-
tions of any other State or Territory of the Union.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
