1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1460
was $500; that no man should take more than that
amount. The committee saw at once that that
sort of limitation amounted to nothing. A man
who wanted to monopolize the whole of the stock
would send men of straw to subscribe for stock
for himself, and monopolize the whole of it; so
that there was nothing m that. It was proposed
that books for subscription should be opened, and
we should make it a joint stock company. The ob-
jection to that was briefly this: a joint stock com-
pany mighthavenosortofconnection with the city
of Washington, with its interests here, or with
Congress. Persons from abroad might send their
agents here to subscribe for stock, and might buy-
it out. A company, or an individual, m Balti-
more, New York, Philadelphia, or Charleston, or
anywhere else, might get a perfect monopoly of
the road, if such a grant were made; and, therefore,
we determined against that proposition.
The reason which controlled the committee in
proposing to grant this franchise to the gentlemen
named in this bill—Mr. Richard Wallach, George
W. Riggs, Walter Lenox, Jonah D. Hoover,
James M. Carlisle, William B. Todd, Charles
W. Boteler, George Harrington, John F. Coyle,
and Walter S. Cox—was this : these gentlemen
are citizens of Washington; men of decided char-
acter, and most of them men of fortune. We felt
quite assured that if the franchise were granted
to these gentlemen, they would go on, without
annoying the Government, and construct the road
according to the stipulations of the law. They
have too much reputation, too much money at
stake,"to refuse thus to act. If they should so
refuse, we know precisely who to blame. If these
gentlemen, well known in the city of Washing-
ton, having a deep interest in its welfare, identi-
fied, in every manner, with its prosperity, should
fail to perform their duty as stipulated in the law,
the condemnation of their fellow-citizens will fall
on them directly, because everybody will know
who to condemn. If Congress undertake to cor-
rect their mal-conduct, Congress will know pre-
cisely who to correct.
But if the franchise were given to the Metro-
politan Railroad Company, it would be exceed-
ingly difficult to find out who the Metropolitan
Railroad Company were. It is a body corporate
belonging to an adjacent State, with which you
only propose to connect yourselves by granting
this franchise. If you grant it to the citizens of
Washington, under the application which is called
the citizens'petition, unless you had access to the
books, you would hardly be able to ascertain who
it was that was neglecting to perform the duty.
You would know very well that the directors in
charge of the work were not constructing it accord-
ing to the law; not keeping it in repair as the law
required; not keeping the avenue in the condition
they were required to keep it in; but if you com-
plained of them through your Commissioner of
Public Buildings, they would say " we arc not
allowed to do these things; the stockholders will
not allow us to use their money for such pur-
poses." But if you grant the franchise to such men
as George W. Riggs, Walter Lenox, Richard
Wallach and other gentlemen well known, and
the contract is not carried out according to the
stipulations, you know precisely who to call upon.
We can say to them, "Gentlemen, we, in con-
sideration of your reputation, of your high stand-
ing in this community, have granted you this (
franchise; and unless you discharge your duty,
we shall exercise the powers which we reserved ■
in the beginning, by annulling this charter, by
repealing the privilege."
I make this brief explanation, Mr. President,
in vindication of the action of the committee. It
k a matter of profound indifference to me whether
you pass any railroad bill. I would very much
prefer that none should be passed at all; but I
think this is the one which ought to be adopted,
if any is to prevail.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to submit an amend-
ment to this bill. 1 propose to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert the amendment
which I submitted yesterday, and which was or-
dered to be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The amendment will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows;
That Benjamin Ogle Tayloe, Francis C. Clopper, Benja-
min B. French, Adolphus 33. Pickrell, David English, Wil-
liam II. Edesj Henry S. Davis, Ulysses Waid, Daniel Wei-
sel, and Feidinand W. Risque, having been duly elected
and qualified, the first named as piesident, the others as
directors of the Metropolitan Railroad Company, hereto-
fore incorporated by an act of the Legislature of'the State
of Maryland, passed at the January session thereof, A. D.,
3853, entitled "An act to incorporate the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company," and amended by subsequent acts passed
by the said Legislature, the said Benjamin Ogle Tayloe,
Francis C. Clopper, Benjamin B. French, Adolphus II.
Pickrell, David English, William II. Edes, Ilenry S. Davis,
Ulysses Ward, Daniel Wcisel, Ferdinand W. Risque, and
their successors, shall be, and they are hereby, created a
body corporate, under the name of the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company, with the rights, powers, privileges, and
immunities, so far as the same are applicable, and ftot in-
consistent with the provisions of this act, and subject to
the same responsibilities and restrictions, in the construc-
tion, extension, width, repair, and management of certain
passenger railway tracks, within the District of Columbia,
hereinafter provided for, as they may exercise, or are sub-
ject to, within the State of Maryland, under and by virtue
ol their said act of incoiporation. and the act amendatory
thereto : Provided, That, within the limits of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, the said company, in the
management, maintenance, and use of said railway tracks,
shall be subject to the municipal legulations of the corpo-
rate authorities of those cities respectively, including the
right and power of taxation at all times.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That within the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, the said company is heieby
authorized to lay down and eonstiuct a single oi double
track railway, with the neeessary switches and turn-outs
trom their depot at the western limits of Georgetown, along
such streets as may be designated by the chief engineer of
the said company, to the most convenient point on Bridge
street; thence to the intersection of Bridge with the street
leading daectly to the aqueduct or tubular bridge across
Rook creek; thence over the said bridge to Pennsylvania
avenue; thence, by a double tiack railwav, with the neces-
sary turns, to conform to the plan of the city of Washing-
ton aforesaid, north of the presidential mansion, to Fifteenth
street; thence south, to its intersection wiih Pennsylvania
avenue; thence to the western gate of the Capitol; thence
around the northern boundary of the Capitol giouiuH, to the
north gate thereof, and through the same, to tnc south  utc
thereof; tbence al.ong the southern boundary of the Capitol
grounds easterly to Pennsylvania avenue; thence along said
avenue to Eighth stieet east or Garrison street, and along
said street due south to the navy-yard gate, with a lateral
double tiack from the west gate of the Capitol grounds,
connecting the mjun road with New Jersey avenue, at its
intersection with the depot of the Baltimoi c and Ohio Rail-
road Company: Provided, That the use and maintenance
of said roads shall be subject to the municipal regulations
of the cities of Washington and Geoigetown, lespectively,
and that whenever the Capitol giounds shall bo enlarged,
then the said routes shall be made to conform to the same.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in the construc-
tion of the railway tiaeks aforesaid, tiic mo&t convenient
and approved method, suitable for street railways, shall be
adopted, with rails of the grooved pattern, laid upon an
even suiface with the pavement of the streets. The said
tracks shall be in the center of the avenues and streets along
which they pass, the gauge of which, oi the space between
the rails, shall be not less than live feet two and a half
inches, and the railway cars or carriages shall not be less
than seven feet in width, and each carriage shall be con-
structed so as to accommodate comfortably and conveni-
ently not less than twenty-tb®- passengers. The tracks
shall he so laid that, in passing, the cars or carriages shall
be at least two feet from each other. The said company
shall keep the said tiacks and the pavements within the tails,
and for three foct outside of the tails on either side, in good
repair, without cost to the United States or the cities of
Washington and Georgetown.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the privileges
hereby granted shall continue for the term of thiity years:
Provided, however, That at any tune within ten years after
the completion of said city railway tracks, the Congress of
the United States shall have power to alter, fix, and regu-
late the fare chargeable on said road", for and during the
next ensuing five years; and m like manner during the
existence and continuance of this giant, at the expiration
of every succcc^ng five years thereaftci. The cars or
carriages used upon said railway tiacks within the limits
of the cities aforesaid, shall be drawn by horse power only,
and the fare for the conveyance of cach passenger for any
distance between the termini of all the ?aid i ail way tiacks
shall not exceed five cent®.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if the lailway
traclcs presenbed in the second section of this act, except
that portion extending from Bridge street, in Georgetown,
to the western terminus of Pennsylvania avenue, shall not
be commenced within two, and finished within six months
from the passage of this act, the puvileges hereby granted
shall be null and void ; and unless the said company shall
Jay down and extend the railway tracks aforesaid, from j!
Bridge stieet, in Georgetown, to the western terminus of
Penn^ylvaniaavenne, within ten days from the completion
of the aqueduct bridge acioss Rock creek, and the grading
and paving of the street aforesaid leading to said biidge,
the privileges hereby granted shall ateo be null and void;
and the district attorney for the District of Columbia shall
have power to commence proceedings by sche facias in the
circuit court for the District aforesaid, against said com-
pany, for the forfeitme and annulment of this charter ;
whereupon, the court may adjudge sucli forfeiture, andi.*- I
sue process for the seizure of the hanehises granted by this \
act. ]
Sec.6. And be it further enacted. That the said company
shall not issue any note, check, sciip, oi other evidence of
debt, to be used as a circulating medium.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the stockholders
in said company shall be liable, each in his or her individ-
ual capacity, for all debts and liabilities of the said com-
pany, however contracted, to the amount of stock held by
each.
Seo.8. And be it further cnacted, That nothing in this
act contained shall prevent the United States, or the cor-
poiate authorities of Washington and Georgetown, at any
time, at their option, from altering or regulating the grade,
or otherwise improving Pennsylvania avenue, or any other
avenue or street, on which any of the railways may be laid
down in pursuanceof this act; and^thatCongress reserves
to itself die right to change, alter, repeal, or annul this act,
or any part thereof, at their pleasure.
Sec. y. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said company
is hereby authorized to construct a<loublc or single passen-
ger railway track from the intersection of Boundary street
with west Seventh street; thence south, along said Sev-
enth stfreet, to its terminus on the Potomac river j thence
down the Potomac river, along Front or Water street, to
the southern terminus of Sixth street: Provided, The same
is finished within twelve months after the passage of this
act. And the said company is also heteby authorized, within
four years from the passage of this act, to construct a double
railway track, connecting with the main track railway, at
oi near the intersection of Twenty-Fourth street west, with
Pennsylvania avenue; thence north of the circle to K street:
thence along K street to Massachusetts avenue; thence
along Massachusetts avenue to New Jersey avenue; thence
southerly, along New Jersey avenue, to the depot of the
Baltimoic and Ohio Railroad Company. And the said com-
pany is also hereby authorized to transport passengers,
freight, or baggage, in suitable cais, diawn by horse-power
only, from their depot ill Georgetown, by way of K street
and the avenues last named, to the depot of the Xialtimore
and Ohio Railroad Company in Washington.
Sec. 10. And be it further cnacted, That the net profits
dciived from the railway tracks in the cities aforesaid shgll
be applied exclusively to the construction of the Metropol-
itan railroad, wmil the completion thereof, from Georgetown
to the Point of Rocks.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That whenever, in
the opinion of said company, the citizens of Washington
and Georgetown will be benefited thereby, the said com-
pany shall have power, at any time during the continuance
of this grant, to construct double or single railway tracks
in such othei streets of the cities aforesaid, or in such other
avenues of the city of Washington, as they may think
proper: Provided, That, before any such railway tracks are
laid down in the'streets of the cities aforesaid,the assent of
the corporate authorities thereof, respectively, shall fiistbe
obtained.
Sec. 12. And be it further enact That this act shall
take effect from its passage, and the powers and rights
therein contained shall not be sold, assigned, or transferred.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, this is the an-
tagonist proposition to that which has been sub-
mitted by the Senator from Mississippi, represent-
ing- the Committee on the District of Columbia. I
think I can very readily agree with him, that there
is a general desire, both on the part of the citizens
of Washington and of Congress, that a city rail-
way should be made for the convenience of Con-
gress, as well as of the people of the District. I
nave no doubty#ioo, that under either of these
propositions the proposed city railways will bo
made. There is a difference, to be sure, in the
time within which these railways are required to
be made. The bill of the Senator from Missis-
sippi requires that the road shall be commenced
within six months, and finished within eighteen.
So far as the railway between the Capitol and
Rock creek is concerned, my amendment proposes
that it shall be commenced within two months,
and finished within six—an advantage inpoint of
time. I believe each bill is pretty well guarded in
its provisions. There are, however, some pro-
visions in the amendment which I have offered,
that are not to be found in the bill of the Senator
from Mississippi. There is a provision in my
amendment that the Government may,from time
to time, in periods of five years, alter and amend
the rates of charge. I am not sure whether that
is in the Senator's bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is in the other bill also.
Mr. PEARCE. There is a provision in the
amendment I have offered, which is not in the
other bill, that " this act shall take effect from its
passage, and the powers and rights therein con-
tained shall not be sold,assigned, or transferred."
Thatis to prevent any speculation in the grant of
this franchise. Without some provision of .that
sort,it is very manifestthatthe corporators named
in the Senator's bill may very readily transfer
and sell these privileges for a very large sum of
money, as has been done in other cities, and per-
haps it will he done, unless you prevent it by
some special provision in the act. There is a pro-
vision in the amendment I have offered, not ne-
cessary to the gentleman's bill, but which is
necessary in view of this power being conferred
upon the Metropolitan Railroad Company, and
that is the provision which authorizes a track to
be laid down along K street, and down New Jer-
sey avenue, to the depot of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad.
Now, sir, what is the difference between these
two propositions ? I will state to the Senate what
that difference is which has induced me to favor
the proposition I have presented, Instead of being
