2414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
place of two years' growth, is now a city of three
or four thousand people. They have a naval
station at Esquimaux, where there arc generally
four or five large war steamers. The British are
our neighbors on that northern line; and it seems
to me, that while we are providing for the public
defense, and for the transportation of troops and
munitions of war, it behooves us to look very
carefully to this 'condition of things, and to see
to it that we are not, by our neglect, put in such
a position that an enterprising enemy can wrest
from us our possessions.
To illustrate the enterprise and forecast of the
British Government, 1 need simply refer to the
tenacity with which it holds its gripe on the island
of San Juan—ours by treaty, ours by its spirit,
by its letter, by its cotemporaneous exposition—
not needed by them for the defense of Victoria,
or for the defense of the channel of De Haro, as
showing their determined and persistent spirit in
securing the acquisition of an important harbor.
This is because they fully understand the import-
ance of this port. It is because they fully under-
stand the importance of British Qolumbia. It is
because they understand fully the importance of
the Saskatchewan country. It is because they
know that, at no distant day, great settlements
•will spread north of our boundary,from the neigh-
borhood of the great lakes to the Pacific ocean.
They are now taking time by the forelock, to be
strong hereafter
I feel deeply on this auestion, because I do not
want to see the time when, through our neglect
and supineness, we shall find the British power
established on that coast, in an impregnable posi-
tion, enabling it to control the whole Pacific sea-
board.
But, Mr. Speaker, this is a commercial ques-
tion. I contend that we require three roads of
commcrce. There is already a large traffic be-
tween the Pacific coast and our Atlantic States.
There is a large movement of merchandise by
the Isthmus, and a much larger one by the Horn.
We have at this moment a rapidly increasing
trade between our western coast and the ports of
Asia. That great idea of Columbus was not a
mere vision. He left the shores the Old World in
search of the isle of Cathay. We, if we are true
to ourselves, will find that Cathay within our
own domain. AH gentleman familiar with the
subject know very well that it is a £reat desider-
atum to build our railroad lines in connection
with our water lines. If wo are to supply our
own country or Europe with the products of the
trade of Asia—of which 1 do not doubt—we can
only do it by adjusting our means of communica-
tion to the geography of our country. This
causes the two frontier roads to rise into extreme
importance. Wo have the Gulf of Mexico on the
one side and the great lakes on the other, giving
us a water communication half way across our
continent.
The central route is an extremely long route, as
a commercial one, my friend from Iowa to the
contrary notwithstanding. If you put a ton of
merchandise on board the cars at San Francisco,
and take the central route,you have to go a great
distance before you strike waters to enable you to
reach the Atlantic coast. Contrast these various
routes as routes of commerce. That is the prac-
tical question. Itjs not the length of the route from
existing lines which we are to consider. With
great respect to my friend from Iowa, I would
say that i think his whole argument, based upon
this assumption,is an entire fallacy. I would re-
spectfully suggest that, it being conceded that it
will take from ten to twelve years to build a Pa-
cific railroad, the question is, what will be the con-
dition of the existing roads, and the condition of
our country, when this Pacific railroad is about
being put in operation? That is the question.
Now, sir, we find a much shorter distance on
the northern route, and a much shorter distance
on the southern route. Not that I would under-
value the central route. That route, as a local
route, will be one of great importance commer-
cially. All three routes will be important locally,
in a commercial point of view. Recollect that
when goods are shipped from the islands of the
sea, or from the eastern coast of Asia,if sent round
the Horn to Atlantic ports, still they must take
the rail to reach the places of consumption in the
interior. You do no more when you strike Puget
Sound, the Columbia river, San Francisco, or San
Diego; the goods must take the rail, and it will be
found by careful examination that the greatest part
of the Mississippi valley can be supplied more
cheaply by railroad from our Pacific ports, than
by reaching Atlantic ports around Cape Horn,
and thence by rail to the Mississippi valley. But
when we come to the trade with Europe; when
we come to that great movement which is to rev-
olutionize the commerce of the world, then I sub-
mit that the central route can do nothing, and that
you must depend upon the northern and southern
routes, and mainly on the northern route. We
know something about the course of the winds
on the Pacific ocean. Every gentleman here has
read the interesting communications of Lieuten-
ant Maury, who shows that vessels leaving the
coast of Asia steer to the north, and approach-
ing our Pacific coast, first make the entrance by
the Strait de Fuca, then run down to San Fran-
cisco, thence to San Diego, thence further south to
the twentieth degree of north latitude, and thence
again to the ports of Asia. Such is the usual voy-
age of sailing vessels; and thus the winds and
currents of the ocean point out the northern and
the southern lines as the routes of commerce,
both having to be made in the round voyage from
San Francisco to Asia and hack.
As bearing also upon this subject, and in con-
nection with it, I desire now to say a word about
the resources of our interior. I differ again with
the gentleman from Iowa in regard to the re-
sources of our interior. I do not believe that the
Maker of all ever intended so broad a domain
as that to be simply a desert, the fit refuge of wild
beasts and Indians, with here and there a spot
for agriculture and pasturage; nor do I believe
that such is our interior. I recollect very well,
some years since, reading an article on meteorol-
ogy, in which it is stated that the land is arable
for a narrow strip on the western coast, and that
all east of it is too arid for agricultural purposes.
It reminded me of the errors of the philosophers
in the time of Lord Bacon, who, in his memo-
rable work on the inductive philosopy, speaks of
the idols of the cave, the curious speculations of
the closet philosophers, who secluded themselves
from the world, and without a proper view of the
field of observation and inquiry, framed all sorts
of theories, and made all kinds of generalizations
in the domains of science and of thought. Lord
Bacon laid it down as an axiom that these idols
of the cavc must be trampled under foot, and that
conclusions must be reached only by patient and
careful deductions from well-ascertained and per-
tinent facts.
Does it follow,because good crops are found on
Puget Sound, in the Columbia and Willamette
valleys, where forty to fifty inches of rain are de-
posited in the course of the year, that the four-
teen to sixteen inches which fall in the interior
are insufficient for crops? Is there anything to
warrant such deduction? Yet such is tne deduc-
tion which has actually been made by some of
our scientific men.
Mr. Speaker, I think science would do well if
it would go to work in a different manner. 1
would say, ascertain all you can about our broad
interior, about its temperature and the constitu-
ents of its soil, and about the amount of moisture
deposited; and then go abroad into countries sim-
ilarly situated, where they have raised crops, and
see if you can infer anything.
Are there any countries well known to geogra-
phers, well known to men of science, having a
climate and temperature like our interior, having
the same moisture, and the same general constit-
uents of soil which our interior has, where agri-
culture is profitable? I have deemed it my duty
to investigate the subject, and I find that there are
countries in Europe, bordering on the Black sea,
having about the same climate, about the same
constituents of the soil, about the same propor-
tions of woodland and prairie as Nebraska, which
are agricultural countries.
There is a series of provinces north of the Black
sea, covering an area of two hundred and sixty-
two thousand square miles, where the populution.
varies from eight and eight tenths to ninety-eight
souls to the square mile. The province having
ninety-eightsouls to the square mile has about the
same character of climate and soil as Nebraska, a
larger population than Illinois or Minnesota, or
Kentucky or Tennessee in the Mississippi valley;
and I find that the average population is between
thirty and forty to the square mile. In five of
the provinces referred to, eighteen million bushels
of wheat are annually exported. Not only wheat
is raised, but barley, oats, and the cereals gen-
erally; fruit, vegetables of all kinds. Wine is
manufactured from the native grape. It abounds*
in cattle, horses, and sheep. That is the expe-
rience of the Old World. Now, I have traveled
through the northern portion of Nebraska, and
have examined it closely, and I undertake to say
—and I dare to make the prophecy here before
the Representaves of the American people—that
that country, generally speaking, will De found
to be as productive and as good as those coun-
tries in Europe to which I have called the atten-
tion of the House. When we come to the country
west of the Rocky Mountains, we find a much
better country—a country where woodland pre-
dominates; where a large portion of the land is
arable; where the climate is milder; where there
is more moisture precipitated, and where the con-
stituents of the soil are better than in Nebraska,
or in those countries in Europe. I have appended
to this speech some remarks delivered before the
United States Agricultural Society at its last an-
nual meeting, giving in detail the views and sta-
tistics thus briefly referred to.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman who made the geo-
logical reconnoisance of Washington and Oregon
has had the soil analyzed, and the statement of
the best chemists in the country—of the Owens and
the Jacksons—ismostgratifyingto every patriotic
American citizen who would rather see the country
in the interior fitted for settlement than the arid
and barren waste which the gentleman from Iowa
represents it to be. I did not intend to bring any
authorities here, but I recollect that there were
two grand old explorers of this country; two men
whose names will go down to the remotest his-
tory; men who were wise; men who were patient;
men who were full of forethought, and who had
sat at the feet of the great philosopher and states-
man, Thomas Jefferson. I ddsire merely to quote
from Lewis and Clarke what they state about this
section of counti y. Lewis and Clarke, on their
return trip from the mouth of the Columbia, passed
through the Walla Walla to the Ncz Perces coun-
try, and, from their camp in the Kooskooskia
valley, they thus speak of the central portion of
Washington Territory and of Oregon:
"The country along the Rorky Mountains, for several
hundred miles m length, and about fifty wide, is a high
level plain, in all its parts extremely fertile, and in many
places covered with a growth of tall, long-leaved pine.
This* plain is chiefly interrupted near the streams of water,
where the hills are steep and Jotty, but the soil is good,
being unencumbered by much stone and pot>sesscs more
timber than the level country. Under shelter of these hills,
the bottom lands skirt the margin of the rivers, and though
narrow and confined, are still tertile and rarely inundated.
Nearly the whole of this wide-spread tract is coveied with
a profusion of grass and plant?, which are at this time as
high as the knees. Among these are a variety of esculent
roots, acquired without much difficulty, and yielding not
only a nutritious, but a very agreeable food. Th<  air is
pure and dry, the climate quite as mild as, if not milder than,
the same parallel of latitude in the Atlantic States, and
must be equally healthy ; for all the disorders which we
have witnessed may fairly he imputed more to the nature
of the diet than to any intemperance of climate."
Now, my impression is, that our whole inte-
rior, from the forty-ninth to the thirty-second
parallel, has been misunderstood. The arable
land in Washington Territory is not confined to
the narrow valleys, or the rivers; but from the
analyses that have been made of the soil, even the
table lands are found in many cases to be much
richer than the adjacent river valleys. And I am
very happy, Mr. Speaker, not to be left to mere
inductions as to the capability of that country to
sustain an agricultural population. Within tho
last eighteen months there has been a large settle-
ment made in the Walla Walla country, and the
result has proved that the inductions from chem-
ical analysis were wisely drawn. Within a few
months this country, which many have supposed
to be barren, has been found to produce crops
exceedingly well. The farmers are planting fruit
trees, and it is believed to be one of the best agri-
cultural regions of country that can be found
either in Oregon or Washington.
My object, Mr. Speaker, is not to confine my
remarks to a single scction of country. I propose
to establish, both from my own observation and
from that of others, that this vast interior region
of our continent is not, as has been supposed,
destitute of resources on which you may depend
