450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
tion, they suddenly became the warm advocates
of this same Missouri line, and deplored its re-
moval. From the first to the last, they showed
themselves to be Free-Soilers, and determined to
exclude the South from all share in the public ter-
ritory of the Union. While the Kansas bill was
pending, they threatened to hire men to occupy
that Territory; and did, in fact, send bodies of
armed ruffians to hold it by force, constituting, as
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] said, a
military occupation. This movement provoked
retaliation; and the strife thus occasioned was re-
ferred to by them as evidence against the policy
of non-intervention. By the same effort on their
part, they could have created disorders in any
State of the Union, and might, with as much jus-
tice, have attempted to discredit the principle of
State sovereignty. In fact, they refer to the late
invasion of the State of Virginia, by some of their
employes, as an argument against the state of
society prevailing in the South..
It is undoubtedly true,however, that in «onse-
quence of the repeal of the Missouri restriction,
true and patriotic men were defeated in the North
by Free-Soilers and Abolitionists. When the
Democratic party had the manlinessand the states-
manship to reform the currency system in part by
the adoption of the sub-treasury plan, it sustained
severe losses for a time. In the more arduous un-
dertaking of placing the slavery question on a per-
manent and solid basis, with reference to the action
of the Federal Government, it lias had to encoun-
ter, perhaps, greater difficulties. I am not sure,
however, that it would have been as much weak-
ened, but for accidental circumstances which it
could not foresee. During the excitement arising
out of the repeal of the Missouri restriction, there
occurred that singular organization called the
American party, which carried a majority of al-
most every one of the northern States. It severed,
during this period of excitement, and permanently
separated from the Democratic party, many who
would otherwise have returned to it. On its sud-
den collapse, most of its members m the free States
united with a few outside Abolitionists and formed
the present Black Republican party. But for these
occurrences, I have 110 doubt that the Democratic
party would have, ere this, recovered its ascend-
ency in several of the northern States.
But again, Mr. President, when, in the year
1857, Robert J. Walker was made Governor of
Kansas, lie publicly declared that the climate of
that Territory fitted it only to be a free State; and
also assured thcpeople that the whole constitution
should be submitted to them. This position was
condemned generally in the South as amounting
to Executive interference, or intervention with the
right of the citizens of the Territory to decide
these questions for themselves. By way of de-
fense for Governor Walker, it was said that a
number of southern men had expressed the opinion
that it would be a free State. Every one saw, how-
ever, that if Governor Walker had taken the other
side, he might, with even more plausibility, have
declared that Kansas ought to be a slareholding
State, because it was on the same parallel of lati-
tude with Missouri, Kentucky, Virginia, Mary-
land, and Delaware, all of which were slavehold-
ing States; and this position of his might have
been fortified by any number of declarations of
prominent Free-Soilers and Abolitionists, to the
effect that, under the Kansas act, that Territory
would inevitably be a slaveliolding State. The en-
tire South, almost, condemned his position, there-
fore, as unfair, and an unjust exercise of Execu-
tive influence in the Territory. It so happened,
however, that, for months, the paper at the seat •
of Government, and others supposed to represent
theviewsof the President, sustained, 111 the strong- ,
est and most emphatic terms, the position of Gov-
ernor Walker. Almost the euliie Demociai.v of
the free States, therefore, took this ground in sup-
port of what they understood to be the views of
the Administration, and assured their fellow-citi-
5:051s that the people of Kansas were to have the '
privilege of voting on the whole constitution of the :
State. ;
_ But, towards the close of that year, the eonven- i
tion of the Territory decided to submit only the :
slavery clause to the voters generally. The Fres- 1
ident, therefore, recommended the admission of '
the State under the constitution so adopted. That j
this recommendation of his was right, I never j
doubted; because I think it has been fully settled >
by the usages of the States, that their conventions
may submit or not,as they choose,eitherthe whole
or a part of their constitutions to a vote of the
people. Nevertheless, this position being incon-
sistent with that which had been so generally
taken in the North, many men who zealously
sustained it were afterwards defeated at home
because of their party having been previously
committed to a different line of policy. I know
that many southern men who had 110 doubt that
the action of the Kansas convention was theo-
retically and as a matter of constitutional law,
right, nevertheless regretted that action, bccause
it had the appearance of seeking to avoid an op-
portunity for a fair expression of the popular
will. While we held that Congress had no right
to interfere with the action of the Territory in
this respect, yet we felt that the issue was one
which was injuring our friends in the North, and
could not possibly benefit us. If there over had
been any chance of its becoming a slave State in
fact, the course of Governor Walker had already
cut that off by carrying over all the officials and
theii influence in the Territory to the side of the
Free-State party. With 110 purpose to cast cen-
sure on any one, I nevertheless frankly refer to
this as a circumstance for which the Democratic
party, as a whole, are not justly responsible, but
which aided the anti-slavery party, as at present
organized. On a survey of the entire ground, 1
maintain that it will appear that the action of the
Democratic party for the last fifteen years on the
slavery question, has been wise, patriotic, and
statesmanlike.
I proceed, however, to the consideration of the
great question before the country. Immediately
after the presidential election in 1856, I met the
veteran Secretary of State, then a Senator from
Michigan, 011 the floor of the Senate, and in reply
to an inquiry as to how he was, lie answered:
"Well in health, but depressed in spirits. Sir,"
said he," I formerly thought that the Union would
never be dissolved; but I am now not without pain-
ful apprehensions of a different result. They say
that the excitement in the North has grown out
of the Kansas bill. A hundred Kansas bills would
not have produced this result. These people mean
to abolish slavery in your section. You may think
that they are not fanatics; but the misfortune is
that they are. You will gain nothing by making
to them concessions; you cannot thereby help us;
but you will ruin yourselves. By standing firm,
you can at least protect yourselves."
His words made the deeper impression upon
me because they were ill accordance with my own
settled convictions. But now the evil has attained
such alarming dimensions that it demands con-
sideration. When a dark and rapidly advancing
cloud has already covered half the heavens, and
the muttering® of the distant thunder and the wai 1-
ings of the coming storm arc loudly heard, none
but a false sentinel will proclaim a calm. Emi-
nently futile, too, mid mischievous, are declara-
i lions of southernmen against agitation and in favor
I of union and harmony. When a man is threat-
i ened with violence, will he stay the hand of the
j assailant by proclaiming his love of peace? When
| a country is invaded by a public enemy, can-the
inhabitants protect themselves by passing reso-
lutions in favor of peace and harmony? All the
world regards such things as evidence of weak-
ness or cowardice, and as only calculated to stim-
ulate the invaders. When Philip of Macedon was
threatening Greece, his hired partisans recom-
mended repose and quiet, and denounced Demos-
thenes as a political agitator. It was in the midst
of men who were crying out" peace ! peacethat
Patrick Henry thundered that then1 was "no
peace!" If the Abolitionists in the North could
be induced to abandon agitation 011 the subject of
slavery, it would be well; but they reject with de-
rision the suggestion, and become only more inso-
lent as southern men cry out the louder for quiet
and union.
When, some twenty-five years ago, the abolition
society at Boston, under the lead and guidance of a
British subject, attracted public attention, though
it declared that its purposes were merely peaceful,
and intended to persuade men to liberate the
slaves, yet so insignificant in numbers was it, that
the candidate for Congress in that district refused
to reply to its interrogatories, or to give any
pledges as to his course on the subject of slavery.
For this he was complimented by Harrison Gray
Otis, who, nevertheless, said with prophetic sa-
gacity:
" And can you doubt, fellow-citizens, that these associa-
tions will act together for political purposes ? Is it in human
nature for such combinations to forbear? If, then, their -
numbers should be augmented, and the success they anti-
cipate realized in making proselytes, how soon might you
see a majority in Congress returned under the influence of
the absociations ? And how long afterwards would this
Union last?13
Though few in numbers, the Abolitionists went
resolutely and actively to work.
There was a strong feeling in favor of liberty
pervading the public mind generally, while its
attention had never been called to the specific dif-
ferences—physical, mental, and moral—existing
between the white man and the negro. The point,
of operations selected was one remote from negro
slavery, where the people were ignorant of its
actual features, and thus fitted more easily to be
imposed upon. In that vicinity, too, were the
remains of old prejudices against the southern
section of the Union. The effort of the Abolition-
ists was directed to the corrupting of knowledge
at its fountain heads, by the diffusion of publica-
tions directed to that end. Its first fruits were
seen in its influences on women, preachers, teach-
ers, and professors, persons of lively sensibili-
ties generally, not so much accustomed to deal
with matters of fact, more easily deluded by cun-
mngly-devised sophisms, and more frequently act-
ing from the influence of feelings. Soon abolition
sentiments appeared in books of education; got
possession of schools, colleges, and churches. As
its powers increased, its efforts were multiplied,
until it covered the land with its publications.
Some twelve months ago, it was stated in the news-
papers that one of the anti-slavery organizations
had resolved to circulate, during the following
year, in the State of New York, one million of its
tracts. Can such ail amount of printed matter as
this, consisting, as it does, of ingeniously written
misrepresentations and falsehoods, fail to produce
some effect ? Remember that this is repeated from
year to year, and aided by hired and voluntary
lecturers, speakers,and preachers. Abolitionism,
to a great extent, pervades the literature of the
free States. So strong is the feeling against sla-
very there, that the writers of novels and plays,
to secure the public patronage, exercise their wits
in imagining all that can be conceived as worst in
human nature, and represent it as a true type of
the state of society in the South. Tho bulk of the
newspaper press, too, in the North, is anti-slavery.
Sueli is the character of the entire press of the
dominant party there, and of a large portion of
the neutral and religious papers; while a part even
of the minority, or Democratic press, avoids the
subject as much as possible, instead of attempting-
to stem the current. Though northern city papers
are much read in the South, 011 the contrary, our
papers have little or 110 circulation in the North.
If they had, the efforts of the anti-slavery party
would, to some extent, be counteracted. The
cities of New York and Philadelphia, for exam-
ple, are not abolitionized; and this is attributed,
by some, to the fact that they are engaged largely
in southern trade. But the mechanics off Massa-
chusetts are just as much interested, and yet they
are intensely anti-slavery in their feelings. The
true solution, I think, will be found in the fact
that these cities are the resort of so many south-
erners; that our state of society is thereby better
understood, andcannotbe so successfully defamed.
The same reason applies to the free States on tho
borders of the slaveholdmg country. It is not,
as the Abolitionists allege, that their consciences
are so much blunted that they cannot appreciate
the evils of slavery; but simply because they do
understand it, that they cannot be imposed upon
by the falsehoods of the anti-slavery writers. In
addition to this reason, the western States have a
large influx of southern emigrants. While Ver-
mont is intensely abolitionized, New Hampshire,
adjoining it, is less-so. This maybe accounted
for from the fact that New Hampshire was ori-
ginally strongly Democratic, and its press resisted,
therefore, to some extent, the statements of tile
Abolitionists. Had not New Hampshire been
a small State and suriounded with adverse in-
fluences, she would probably not have been over-
powered .
Tho anti-slavery movement has gone on with
increasing strength, until it has educated a large
portion of the northern people to entertain feel-
