1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31, .
a grant, as the Senator's bill is, to individuals
which, while the road they are required to make
will be beneficial to the whole community, will
give the profits upon the road to the individuals,
who are thus incorporated, the benefits and profits
of the road proposed in the amendment will inure,
not to the individual stockholders directly, but
will be applied to the making of the Metropolitan
railroad—a railroad projected and incorporated
some years since by the State of Maryland,4o run
from Georgetown to the Point of Ilocks, on the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, a distance of some
forty-five miles. I understandthat this railroad is,
as the Senator has stated, in a somewhat languish-
ing condition—very languishing, if you please.
It was incorporated some years ago. It has sub-
scriptions only to the amount of a little over five
hundred thousand dollars—entirely insufficient,
I admit, to make the road, which, I understand,
will require §1,800,000. The road, however, has
been formally commenced; surveys have- been
made; the road laid out, and a small beginning in
the gracing of the track was made some years
since. Since then, from an apprehension of the
wtpt of funds sufficient to execute the road.ithas
not proceeded.
I am assured, however, by conversations with
Mr. Benjamin Ogle Tayloe, the president of the
Metropolitan Railroad Company, and several
gentlemen who are directors in it, that they have
satisfied themselves, by diligent inquiry, that if
they obtain this franchise, which they admit to
be of great value, they will be able to make the
Metropolitan railroad. Well, sir, the Metropol-
itan railroad, if made, will be of great and direct
advantage to the District. It will furnish a much
shorter, and thei^fore a cheaper, conveyance to
member of Congress coming from the West, and
all other persons coming from the West to the
seat of Government. They will avoid a long de-
tour around by the Relay House, near Baltimore.
Mails can be brought with greater facility. The
road runs through a fertile and improved country;
and supplies—scarce enough, Heaven knows, in
this District—may be furnished much more
abundantly to everybody here. Therefore, while
the country through which the road runs will be
benefited, the people of the District will be ben-
efited by the large amount of frfiwhich it must
necessarily bring to the two cities of the District,
by the supplies of marketing and other sorts
which will be furnished to all the people of the
District, by these mail facilities, and by all the
considerations which, the Senate will readily
perceive, apply in a case of this kind.
I presume it will not be denied that the gentle-
men who are proposed in my amendment as cor-
Forators are men of character and respectability.
know several of them myself, and I know them
to be so. The president, Mr. Benjamin Ogle Tay-
loe,is very well known to mostofthe members of
this House—a gentleman of fortune and of most
excellent character. I know some four others of
them, who are all men of property, and who are
anxious to have this franchise given to the Metro-
politan railroad for the purpose which I have
stated.
No w, sir, I do not suppose that the stock of the
Metropolitan railroad—I mean the road to run
from Georgetown to the Point of Rocks—would
in itself ever give very large profits to the incor-
porators. While it would be of immense and
direct necessary importance to the District of Co-
lumbia, itprobably would not yield large dividends
to its stockholders. This is a consideration which
has deterred some persons from subscribing to
the road. With the advantage of this franchise,
they will have, without taxing themselves too
severely, the means of completing that road. So
I am informed by Mr. Tayloe, the president of
the company, and by several of the directors, who
have satisfied themselves, as I before stated, by a
diligent inquiry among capitalists, that with the
franchise they can obtain the means of making
the Metropolitan railroad.
The amendment provides that all the net profits,
after paying running expenses, shall be appropri-
ated to the making of the Metropolitan railroad.
Instead, therefore, of going into the rent-rolls of
gentlemen of fortune, into whose hands the city
passenger railroad will, in all probability, go, if
we adopt the scheme of the Senator from Missis-
sippi, it will be applied to an improvement of a
public character, useful to a large portion of the
adjacent country and to the District itself. This,
with me, is a paramount consideration. It is not
for the purpose of making money for individuals
that I desire to see a city railway completed. It
is to benefit the public in all possible public rela-
tions. I believe that the object will be better ac-
complished by conferring this franchise ort the
Metropolitan railroad, than it will be by author-
izing the incorporation proposed by the Senator
from Mississippi. You will observe, sir, that they
are required to commence this road within two
months, and complete it within six months to
Rock creek, and that if there should be any fail-
ure to make the road, under the provisions of the
amendment it must fall to the ground. Congress
may annul it at the next session.
I do not know that I need say anything more
at present, except that there are very maaiy me-
morials from the citizens of Washington, which
lie before me, asking Congress to grant this fran-
chise to the Metropolitan Railroad Company, and
that the city of Georgetown seems to be exceed-
ingly anxious for it. I find that four of the Alder-
men and nine outoftwelve of the Common Council
men of that city recommend it very strongly. It
seems, therefore, to be the wish of the great part
of the public in the two cities that this franchise
should be given the Metropolitan railroad. If
we do not give it to them, we give it to private
individuals whose wealth will be increased by it
If we give it to the Metropolitan railroad, we shall
advance and secure the completion of a valuable
public improvement, a benefit to the Government,
a benefit to the people of the country through
which it runs, and a very great benefit to the cit-
izens generally of Washington and Georgetown.
I hope, therefore, it will be adoptfed.
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to go much into
debate; but the Senator has made one or two re-
marks to which I want to reply. So far as the
Metropolitan railroad is concerned, I said before
that I regarded it rather as a myth. There is
really nothing of it, and never has been. It has
a charter, and has had it for six or seven years;
but has done nothing under the charter; has not
proceeded to work; hasno money; never has had
any; never will have any. The utility of the
road, if it were constructed, has already been
superseded by the construction of another road
by men of energy, who not only got a charter,
but went to work under it. The Alexandria, Lou-
doun, ahd Hampshire road has been constructed a
distance of some eighty miles or more, and is
going on rapidly to completion. That road is to
intersect the Baltimort^Sind Ohio railroad at Pied-
mont, a hundred miles west of the Point of Rocks,
and it necessarily will carry the mails of the United
States, carry the travel, transport the merchan-
dise, and do everything else which is needful to
be done for all that section of country, and makes
the connection with the Baltimore and Ohio road.
Mr. COLLAMER. Where does that road
come to ?
Mr. BROWN. It is to come to Georgetown.
We this very morning passed a bill authorizing
them to extend a branch from Alexandria to
-Georgetown. That road is going\>n rapidly; it
is in the handsof livingmen—vital men; men who
are doing something, who are working under their
charter, and who will shortly complete their road,
and thus make the connection with the great West
—which the corporators named in the proposition
of the Sonator from Maryland proposed to make
five or six years ago, and have made no progress.
Now, Mr. President, I have here the protest of
stockholders of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany against the bill of my friend from Maryland;
and perhaps I may as well read it:
" The undersigned, citizens of Washington and George-
town, and subscribers or stockholders of the Metropolitan
llailroad Company, having learned that certain parties, rep-
resenting themselves as acting for and in behalf of said rail-
road company, applied for authority to construct a laihoad
between Washington and Georgetown, respectfully repre- '
sent that no such authority has been given to said parties to
ask for said grant, by any meeting known to your petition-
ers ; and said company your petitioner beheve to be dead
and obsolete, every dollar having been spent, and every
employe discharged. Your petitioners, members or sub-
scribers of said company, respectfully remonstrate and pro-
test against any further grant or authority bemg given to
said company, and will everpray, kc."
I find this paper to be signed by George Parker,
Thomas Parker, Z. D. Gilman, William H. Phil-
lips, Joseph Bryant, Hamilton Beall, Thomas
Berry, Randolph Coyle, James P. Halliday,
Marshall Brown, and quite a number of others.
I think myself that it is pretty nearly a quietus to
the whole thing. If the stockholders in the two
cities—such gentlemen as those whose names I
have read—are protesting against it, saying that
those who are petitioning in their name are using
an authority never delegated to them, I think we
had better stop, especially after the committee
have investigated the subject very closely. I did
not speak without investigation. The committee
looked into it very rigidly, and made up their
minds deliberately that the Metropolitan Railroad
Company was defunct—gone.
Mr. PEARCE. I apprehend that the individ-
uals who signed that remonstrance are a very
small portion of the subscribers to this work. I
have before me two papers, which contain a list
of the subscribers in "Washington and George-
town. I shall not read the names.. There is
[exhibiting it] a list of the subscribers in Wash-
ington, a pretty goodly list; and there is as long
a one of the subscribers in Georgetown. I know
there has been some difficulty about this company.
There are some of the, corporators who think it
is, perhaps, not a very good investment, and for
that reason desire that it should be dead; desire
that if it have a mere spark of life in it now, that
shall not be fanned into a flame. I know, too,
from Conversations, that there is some dilficulty
as to the authority of the president and directors
of this company who have made this application;
but I have the evidence before me of a regular
call of the stockholders, according to the provis-
ions of the charter, of the meeting of the stock-
holders, and the election of the president and di-
rectors who have applied to Congress. I take it
this remonstrance is nothing more nor less than
a desire on the part of certain-of the corporators
or original subscribers to this improvement, to rid
themselves of the obligation to pay their subscrip-
tions. It is very possible that they may have
thought it is not going to be a profitable concern,
and that they would rather not be called upon to
pay any more installments; that is the amount of
it; but the great body of the corporators are de-
sirous of it beyond a doubt, and the president
and directors of the company have been legally
elected, and come in that capacity with full war-
rant to do so, and ask for this privilege.
I have admitted already, that 1 think without
this franchise, the Metropolitan Company cannot
see at present any prospect of making their road
to the Poin t of Rocks ;and I have stated the reasons
on which I think they will, if they get this fran-
chise, be able to do so. The weight of reason
for giving it to them still remains in my mind,
notwithstanding all that the Senatdr has said. As
I before stated, great public purposes will proba-
bly be accomplished if we pass the amendment,
instead of the original bill, which it is not pre-
tended will ever be accomplished if we pass the
bill reported by the committee;and we know, too,
that if there should be any failure in this respect,
six months from the passage of the act will determ-
mine it, and all that will be lost will be six months
of those eighteen which the company proposed to
be incorporated in the Senator's bill ask to com-
plete their road. Even at the expiration of that
time, therefore, there will be more time left for the
making of the city railway, if Congress should
think fit to annul the grant to this company and
give it to the other incorporation—more time to
begin and complete their road, than is demanded
by the Metropolitan Company by double. They
are to commence it within two, and finish it within
six months. If they do not, Congress will at the
next session immediately annul tile grant, and it
may be given to such private individuals as it is
thought may accomplish the purpose, and nothing
will be lost, because the road may still be done
within the time limited by the Senator's bill.
Mr, HAMLIN. Mr. President, as I was upon
the committee which reported this bill, 1 desire
to invite the attention of Senators to some points
which I think have not been fully suggested, and
also to some which have already been suggested,
but not as fully stated as I think they deserve.
This is a proposition which has been before tho
Senate for several years; and I think the citizens
of the District have come to the conclusion that
there should be a railroad alonsj Pennsylvania av-
enue. I long had serious doubts on my mind as
to the propriety of establishing any railroad on the
avenue. They have finally yielded, and I con-
