1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
individual energy, and, in the numerous attempts
to evade the restrictions of the law, would give
rise to lawsuits, and confuse titles.
j ustiee and equality, not bounty and favoritism,
lie at the foundation of our institutions. If lands
now be given to settlers m consideration of resi-
dence only, on what pretext will Congress refuse
to those settlers who have heretofore completed
the prescribed period of residence a return of the
money which they have already paid for their
homesteads?
The public lands of the United States constitute
a legacy of inestimable value, which, if wisely ad-
ministered, will be the basis of a public credit far
more substantial than is possessed by any other
nation in the world. The price at which they
are now sold is little, if any, above prime cost, if
we take into account the expense of removing the
Indians and protecting the frontier; and it is but
just and fair that those who appropriate to them-
selves the richest tracts and the choicest locations,
and who especially have the benefits of the pro-
tection of the Government while doing so, should
make some reasonable return in money. And
this they have been always willing, though not
always prepared, to do. Whoever charges pre-
emption settlers with complaining of this reason-
able requirement of paying a dollar and a quarter
an acre for their land docs great injustice to this
entire class of citizens.
The recommendation of the Commissioner of
Public Lands, suggesting that an act be passed
limiting the time in which the States shall prefer
claims for swamp lands, is approved. Such a
law would work no injustice to the States enti-
tled, and would have a good effect m quieting land
titles m those States, and relieving the Depart-
ment from a vast amount of most complicated
labor. Already the States have received op this
score the munificent grant of more than 42,000,000
acres, and some 14,000,000 more have been se-
lected. r
The law which secured the right of preemption
to mail contractors is found to be most difficult of
administration. In my last annual report you
were advised that a construction was placed upon
that law which confined its benefits to contractors
on the great routes through the Territories. It
has been contended, on the other hand, that every
contractor on every route in the Territories west
of the Mississippi river is entitled to its benefits,
and that each successivc contractor on the same
route, it matters not how often the contracts may
have changed hands, or what may have been al-
lowed to prior contractors, is entitled to enter
lands under the provisions of that enactment.
In order to conclude present controversies and
to avoid others in future, the entries which have
been allowed at the local land olfices under a dif-
ferent construction of the law should be confirmed,
if the lands are now held free from any valid
adverse claim, and the act should be repealed, or
modified, as suggested in my last annual report.
The suggestion of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, that provision be made by
law for the satisfaction of those Virginia military
land warrants which have issued since the 1st of
March, 1852, on allowances made by the author-
ities of Virginia prior to that date, and on which
no previous warrants had ever issued and been
accepted by claimants, is approved, and an amend-
ment of the law of August 31, 1852, to that cffuct
is recommended. Such a provision would be an
act of simple justice to those whose rights were
admitted, but who, from a failure to take out their
warrants prior to the day limited by the act of
Congress, are unable to avail themselves of its
benefits.
INDIAX AFFAIRS.
Our relations with the various tribes of Indians
within our limits have continued during the past
year in a satisfactory condition, and peace has
been generally maintained with this dependent
people. Occasional outbreaks have occurred, it
is true, and crimes and outrages have been com-
mitted; but these have been perpetrated by bands
of desperate outlaws, and in no ease has a whole
nation avowed the purpose of making open and
deliberate war upon our settlements.
The attacks upon isolated mail and trading sta-
tions and emigrant trains have never, even when
resulting in muider and pillage, shown signs of
premeditation, or appeared to be the workingout
of a general and preconcerted plan. And when
all the circumstances are taken into consideration,
the immense number of our people who are con-
stantly traversing the prairies of the interior; their
careless, unguarded, and often provoking bearing;
the natural irritation of the Indians, who attrib-
ute to their presence the rapid diminution of game,
and the consequent hunger and want to which they
are subjected; the impossibility of restraining them
from violence under these circumstances, except
by the presence of an armed force, and the numer-
ical weakness and scattered condition of our Army,
the wonder is, not that so many, but so few, eases
of violence have occurred. I regret to be obliged
to add to this, that reports and other official docu-
ments submitted to the Department, furnish suffi-
cient evidence to justify the belief that the most
atrocious cases of murder and rapine charged to
the account of the Indians, have, in reality, been
committed by white men wearing the disguise of
Indians. It cannot be doubted that the horrible
massacres which have occurred during the past
year, on the routes leading through Utah Terri-
tory, have been planned and directed, if not actu-
ally executed, by our own citizens. Still, though
the officers of the Army have at all times shown
the most commendable vigilance and promptness,
the facilities for escape are so great, that condign
punishment seldom overtakes the guilty perpe-
trators.
The average annual expenditure on Indian ac-
count, including the interest on stocks held m
trust for the several tribes, and on sums which
by treaty provisions it was stipulated should be
invested, but which hnve remained in the Treas-
ury of the United States, is $3,055,270 08.
The amount of stock held in trust for Indian
tribes by the Department of the Interior is §3,449,-
*241 82, and the net annual interest thereon is
$202,002 89.
The present liabilities of the United States to
Indian tribes, funding at five per cent, the perpet-
ual annuities secured to some of them by treaty,
jVnd also the annuities payable during the pleas-
ure of Congress, amount to $21,472,423 88. This
amount is made up of the following items:
Principal, at five per cent., of permanent annuities guaran-
tied by treat}-, including amounts which it is stipulated
by tieaty shall be invoked, but which arc retained In
the Treaiuiy, and on which the United States pay in-
terest  $7,013,087 80
Temporaiy annuities guarantied byueaty,
nil of which wilJ ccasc inalnmtcd period, 13,295,936 08
Principal, at live pet cent., of tempoiary
annuities, payable dunng th« pleasure of
the President, or of (Jongie^  1,163,400 00
$•-31,479,423 68
Efforts have been made during the past year to
ascertain, with some approach to accuracy, the
number of our Indian population. So far as the
annuity Indians are concerned, the required in-
formation is easily obtained, but it is tilmost im-
possible to ascertain with any certainty the num-
bers of the migratory anil roving tribes of the far
West. In respect to these, the estimates must be
regarded as merely approximate. The total num-
ber nf Indians within our borders may be set
down in round numbers at 350,000.
The statistical information m the possession of
the Indian office is too meager and vague to en-
able us to detciiniiie with precision the ratio of in-
crease or decrease among the aboriginal popula-
tion. While it is known that some of the tribes
are on the increase in point of numbei s at the same
time that they are improving in other respects,
thus holding out a gratifying promise for tne fu-
ture, it is'equally well known that many of the
tribes, the gieat majority in fact, despite the lib-
erality and fatherly protection of the Government,
the energy and fidelity of their agents, and the
disinterested efforts and personal sacrifices of de-
voted missionaries, arc rapidly on the decline. In
these the contact with civilization excites no new
life, awakens no now energy, and seems but to
pave the way for d^baucheiy, demoralization, and
ruin. Unless the change of policy recently adopted
by the Government effects a corresponding change
in their habits, there is but little ground for the
hope of averting their utter extinction.
The policy heretofore adopted of removing the
Indians from time to time, as the necessities of
our frontier population demanded a cession of
their territory, the usual consideration for ^'hich
was a large money annuity to be divided among
them per capita, had a deleterious effect upon their
morals, and confirmed them in their roying, idle
habits. This policy we are now compelled, by
the necessity of the case, to change. At present
the policy of the Government is to gather the Inn
dians upon small tribal reservations, within the
well-defined exterior boundaries of which small
tracts of land are assigned in severalty to the indi-
vidual members of the tribe, with all the rights
incident to an estate in fee-simple, except the
power of alienation. This system, wherevef it
has been tried, has worked well, and the reports,
of the superintendents and agents give a most
gratifying account of the great improvementwhich
it has effected in the character and habits of those
tribes which have been brought under its opera-
tion. The internal struggle which the red ntan
necessarily undergoes m adopting the resolution
to throw away the blanket, the scalping-knife,
and the implements of the chase, and, in lieu
thereof, to wear a dress and devote himself to pur-
suits which he has been taught to consider degrad-
ing, is terrible; and if lie emerges from it victo-
rious, he becomes a new man. Wherever separate
farms have been assigned, within the limits of a
tribal reservation, to individual Indians, and the
owners have entered into possession, anew life is
apparent; comparative plenty is found on eyery
hand; contentment reigns at every fireside; and
peace and order have succeeded to turbulence and
strife. The greatest progress in this respect, dur-
ing the, past year, has been made in the agencies
of the northern superintendcncy.
This is now adopted as the fixed policy of the
Government; and, sanctioned by Congress, has
been the leading idea in all the treaties lecently
! negotiated with the Indians. It is, however, only
' by slow degrees that so radical a change can be ef-
fected; a whole nation will not move at once. But
the superior advantages and comforts enjoyed by
those who labor over those who hunt, operating
as a constant stimulus to the former to persevere,
and to the latter to follow their example, will, it
is hoped, eventually induce the great mass of the
Indians to cooperate, cheerfully in the general in-
troduction of this system. As an additional means
to this end, the superintendents and agents have
been instructed to use every exertion to persuade
the Indians to consent that the large money annu-
ities they now receive, and which have heretofore
proved the fruitful source of drunkenness, insub-
ordination, and vice, shall be applied to the pur-
chase of stock and agricultural implements, the
opening of farms, building houses, and other use-
ful purposes.
It gives me great pain to refer to the treatment
which the Texas Reserve Indians and their super-
intendent and agents have received, Several years
since Texas tendered to the Government certain
tractsofland for the occupancy of the Indians; the
Government accepted the lands, and proceeded
to gather upon them as many Indians as could be
induced to abandon their roving life and settle
down to agricultural pursuits. The reports of
their progress were most favorable, and the pro-
ductions of the reservations promised at an early
day to be more than sufficient for their comfort-
able subsistence. In the midst of this prosperity,
so gratifying to the Department, and at the very
hour when it was believed that the reservation
system would prove eminently succcssful, a most
determined and unreasonable hostility to these
Indians and their agents exhibited itself among
a portion of the settlers who had come in and
located in that section of the State. The removal
of the Indians was demanded under a threat of
extermination. They were foiled for a time by
the tact and good management of the late super-
intendent, aiaed by the presence of a detachment
of United States troops. With a desire to prevent
bloodshed, and at the pressing instance of the
authorities of the State of Texas, the Department
consented to issue an order for the breaking up
of the reservations, to be carried into effect as
soon as the then growing crop could be harvested.
This concession, instead of satisfying these Tex-
ans, only stimulated them to further outrages,
and they peremptorily demanded the immediate
removal of the Indians. When it oecame appar-
