1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•454
ings of hostility to slavery and the southern
States. The movement has progressed independ-
ently of political occurrences, but it has occasion-
ally been accelerated or retarded by them. For
example; in 1850 it was weakened somewhat,
partly by the great discussion at that time, which
enlightened somewhat the popular mind, and also
by the peculiar character of the legislation of the
period. California was admitted as a free State,
with boundaries reaching far south of the Mis-
souri line, and giving the North the majority in
this body; while the principle of non-intervention
applied to Utah and New Mexico, was regarded
as a fruitless abstraction, the general opinion pre-
vailing that, to use the words of Mr Webster,
the law of God had excluded slavery from them.
As to the fugitive slave law, it was seen that it could
practically, like its predecessor, the act of 1793, be
rendered a nullity by State action and individual
resistance. It is a great mistake to suppose that
the repeal of the Missouri restriction in 1854 pro-
duced the present anti-slavery organization. In
1847 mid 1848 the House of Representatives, by
large majorities, repeatedly passed the Wilmot
proviso; and this was understood to have been
done in accordance with the wishes of their con-
stituents. Prior to 1850, most of the churches had
been divided by this issue.
From year to year the anti-slavery sentiment
acquired more and more political influence; at^i
in 1848 it took possession of the greater portion
of the Whig party in the free States. -No one
was so influential in effecting this result as the
Senator from New York. In a speech delivered
during that year in Ohio, the object, in part, of
which was to induce the anti-slavery men to join
the Whig paity rather than the Buffalo-platform
Frcc-Soilcrs, he uses such expressions as thesr.
I call the attention of Senators particularly to
them, because [ shall have occasion to refur to
them again presently:
"The p'tiiv of tieedom ^eeks complete and univeisal
emancipation." ¥ 1
41■ tiiovury is the sin of not some of the Males only, but of .
them all; of not ont' nation only, but of all nation-,. ltpei- ;
verted and corrupted the mora! sense ot mankind deeply and
universally, and tins eonuption became a univctsal habit.
Habits of thought become fixed pimciples. No Amciiean
State has yet dcli\ered itself entirely from these habit*.
We, m New y oik, are guilty of slaveiystill by withholding
the right of sufliage from the race we have emancipated.
You, in Ohio, aie guilty m the same way by a system of
black laws Ptill nioie austociatic and odious. Ir iswiiHcn
in the Constitution of the United States that five slaves shall
count equal to three firemen a  a ba-.js ot lcpiesentation ,
and it is wntten aUo, in violation of Divine law, that we
shall smrender the fugitive slave who takes letuge at out
ihe^Klo fioiu Ins relentless pursuer. You blush not at those
tiling, because they have become familiar as household
words ; and your pretendedFiee-Soil allies claim peculiar
merit lor maintaining these miscalled guarantees of slaveiv
which they find in the national compact. Docs not all tiu.s
j>rovr that tile Wing paity have kept up with the spmf oi
tiic ago r that it i-s as true and faithful to human freedom as
the hum t conscience of the American people will permit it
to bo ? What, then, you say, can nothing be dono forlreo-
dom because the public conscience lcmams inert? Yes,
much can be done, eveiything can be done. Slavery can
he limited to it^ present bounU>. It can be ameliorated. It
can lie and must he abolished,and you and T can and mu«t
do jf. The ta^k i-s simme and easy, as its consummation
will be beneficent and its rewaijs glonous. It requires
only to follow this Pimple inle of action : To do eveiywhere
ami on evciy occasion what we can, and not to neglect or
refuse to do what we can at any time, because at that pre-
cise tune and on that paiueuiar occasion we cannot do
more.
"Circumstancesdetermine possibilities/' *" *
" But we must begin deeper and lower than the compo-
sition and combination ot tactions orpaities, wherein the
strength and security of slavery lie. You answer that it lies i
in the Constitution of the United States and the constitu- |
tions and laws of slaveholding States Not at all. It is i
in the euoncous sentiment ot the American people. Con- j
stitutions and laws can no moie lise above the vntue of the <
people than the limpid sticam can climb above its native
spring. Xnculcatc the love of freedom and the equal rights
of man tmdei the paternal loof; see to it that they are taught
in the schools and in the churches: rcfoun your own code;
extend a cordial welcome to the lu^itnc \vhola>s hi* wear}
limbs at your door, and defend him as you would your pa-
ternal gods; correct your own ciroi, that slavery has any
constitutional guarantee which may not be icleascd. and
ought not to be relinquished/*
" Whenevei the public mind shall will the abolition of
slaveiy, the way will open toi it.
ei I know that you will tell me this is all too slow. Well,
then, go faster if you can, and 1 will go with you 4, hut, ie-
membei the instructive lesson that was taught in the words,
(these things ought ye to have done, and not to have leit
the others undone.'"
Such efforts as this were persevered in from
time to time. In 1850 he made that speech in
which he proclaimed that there was a "higher
law" than the Constitution, for which he received
the emphatic denunciation of Mr. Clay, His sub-
sequent efforts have been in this same line; and
at Rochester more recently he endeavored to ren-
der the slaveholders of the South as odious as
possible, and declared that there was an "irre-
pressible conflict" between the free and the slave-
holding1 States. To stimulate the northern people
to attack us, he affirmed that unless they abolished
slavery throughout the entire South, we would
extend slavery over all the northern States. In
substance lie says, to protect themselves they
must destroy our social and political system,
When a man says that there is an irrepressible
conflict between him and me, and that my head
or his must fall, he proclaims himself my deadliest
enemy. It avails nothing if he even adds that he
intends to act quietly and legally, but that my
head must fall to save his own. In the present
instance, the Senator says that it is for the South
to decide whether its system of society shall be
destroyed peaceably or by "violence'" He is
benevolent enough to say, that if we wilt submit,-
the work shall be done for us quietly and-peace-
ably, By his efforts and those of others, the bulk
of the old "Whig party was abolitionized, and its
members, with the aid of accessions from the
Democratic ranks and Abolition societies, have
constituted that political organization which to-
day threatens the existence of the Republic. It
claims for itself the name of Republican party,
and by its opponents is designated as the Black
Republican party. The latterdesignation is proper
to distinguish it from the old Republican party,
whose "image and superscription" it seeks to
counterfeit; and also because its efforts arc entirely
directed to advance the black or negro racc.
What are the principles of this party, as indi-
cated by its declarations and its acts ? It lias but a
single principle, and that is hostility to negro sla-
very in the United States. Some of its members
have called it a party for human freedom; but this
is a mistake: for though there are in the state of
slavery m different parts of the world, men of
all races, yet it has manifested no sympathy for
any but tfie negro; and even to negro slavery, it
seems indifferent outside of the United States. I
maintain it has no principle whatever, but hostil-
ity to negro slavery in the United States. A man
might be for or against the tariff, the bank, the
land distribution, or internal improvements; he
might be a Protestant or Catholic, a Christian or
infidel; but if he was only actuated by an intense
feeling of hostility to negro slavery, or, as that is
interwoven with the social system of the South,
if it were only known that he was anxious that
the Federal (Government should exercise all its
powers for the destruction of the southern States,
that man would have been accepted as a good
member of the Black Republican party.
But while all the members of the party arc ac-
tuated by this principle or feeling, they differ as
to thepartieular steps or measure to be taken. The
most moderate of them say they are merely op-
posed to the extension of slavery, and therefore
they are for prohibiting it in the Territories, and
opposed to the admission of any other slavehold-
ing States. The Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] said not long since that this was his
position, that he was for confining slavery to its
present limits, so that in time it might cease to be
profitable, and in that way be extinguished. As
this position is taken by many men who claim to
be moderate and conservative in their views, let
us examine it for a few moments. They say that
if slavery be confined to its present limits, the
slaves will increase in numbers to that extent that
slave labor will in tune be so abundant that the
supply will exceed the demand; and that the own-
ers \%11, from choice, set them free rather than be
at the expense of maintaining them for their labor.
Let it be assumed for illustration that it costs ten
cents to feed and clothe a slave: then if, owing to
the great number of slave,s who are carried into
the Territory, their labor would be worth less
than ten cents per day, undoubtedly it would be
an advantage for the owners to liberate them, But
remember ihat when the labor of a negro should,
be worth only ten cents, that of the white man
would likewise come down to this price. The re-
sult, therefore, is, that population is to be crowded
in the South to that extent that every laborer is
to be reduced to the starving point, as it was in
Ireland during the times of the famine. Now, I
would ask the Senator from Vermont this ques-
tion in all candor: jf a system was proposed to
be instituted by which his constituents were to
be reduced to the starving point, and thus crushed,
would he counsel them to await such a result?
or would he not advise them to stand from under
before they were destroyed ? As there are already
four million slaves in the South, when their num-
bers arc increased many times, no one will pre-
tend that they ever would be removed. The plan
is to keep the negroes and such whites as are com-
pelled to stay among them down at the starving
point for all time. And this is the policy of the
most moderate and conservative of the Jlack
Republican party.
There arc others of them who say, that in addi-
tion to this the fugitive slave law must be repealed;
slavery abolished in the District of Columbia, the
forts and arsenals, and wherever the United States
has exclusive jurisdiction. Others of them con-
tend likewise that the slave trade between the
States must be abolished, and also the coastwise
trade between the States. Other classes insist,
too, that slavery should be attacked in the States
themselves. The largest number of the party,
however, stand on the same ground of the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Seward.] lie say*
that slavery has no "constitutional guarantee"
which may not be released and ought not to be
relinquished; that "circumstances determine pos-
sibilities;" that they must stand ready "to do
everything when and on every occasion that we
can;" and thdt " whenever the public mind shall
will the abolition of slavery, the way will be open
fo#it;" that "it can be and must be abolished, and
you and I can and must do it.-" More recently
lie said:
"The interest of the white race demands the ultimate
emancipation of all men. Whether that consummation
shal) be allowed to take effect, with needful and wise pre-
cautions a«ahist sudden change and disaster, 01 be hurried
on by violence, is all that remain* for you to decide."
He also declares that he will go with them who
can show him the fastest road to effect the object.
Such is the governing principle and spirit of the
party, to use all the power they have, or can by
any possibility acquire, for the abolition of sla-
very.
When we look to the acts of this party, in what
attitude is it presented? It has made the whole
newspaper press subject to its control intensely
hostile to the southern section of theUnifen. Such
is the power of the public press that it was able
to keep England and Prance for centuries in a
state of hatred and war with each other. Only
a few weeks since, to prevent a collision between
the two countries, the Emperor of France pub-
licly checked the press of his own country; and
yet the fiercest articles in the French journals
were moderate in comparison with the general
tone of the anti-slavery press towards the South.
This party, too, sends up representatives to the
two Houses of Congress from time to time, who,
neglecting all the public business of the country,
devote tliemsclves to preparing and reciting de-
nunciatory harangues against the southern States.
Some years ago, an intelligent foreigner, who
happened to hear one of these tirades in this body,
expressed his astonishment at the quiet manner
in which it was listened to by southern Senators.
He declared that if, when a European congress
had met for business purposes, a similar course
had been taken, the congress would at once have
been broken up. In our State Legislatures, such
things, if they occur, are soon stopped by per^
sonal collisions. In Congress, out of deference
to sectional feelings, thcre^is no attempt to check
such men as choose to embark in the trade of heap-
ing all manner of obloquy on our constituents,
'This anti-slavery party has torn to pieces most
of the great Christian associations of the country:
in spite of all the resistance which the esprit du
corps and Christian charity prevailing among them
could present. It has stricken down every pub-
he man in the North within its reach, who has
shown a willingness to administer the Constitu-
tion fairly in relation to slavery.
Whenever it has obtained the control of the
Legislature, it has caused them to pass thu most
stiingcnt acts fur the nullification of that clause of
the Constitution which provides for the return of
fugitive slaves. When, many years ago, the State
of South Carolina threatened to nullify a law of
Congress, the whole Union was thrown into a
state of the greatest excitement; but so common
have these proceedings become in the free States,
