m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 1,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interim.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
ont' that the Reserve Indians lived in daily fear
of being murdered, and that under such circum-
stances no crop could be raised, permission was
given, at the urgent request of the superintendent,
for theimmediate removal of the Indians. Threats
were then made that the Indians should not be
permitted- to remove, and it became necessary to
invoke the aid of the Army to protcct them in
their exodus. Their removal was finally effected,
and they are now, to the number one thousand
four hundred and fifteen, colonized in the coun-
try leased for the purpose from the Choctawsand
Chickasaws. On the return of the superintendent
to the State of Texas, he was wantonly attacked
and murdered.
These Indians are now in a comparatively des-
titute Condition, and to maintain them during the
current year will require an enlarged appropria-
tion.
The transfer of the Texas Reserve Indians to the
southern superintendency renders a longer contin-
uance of the Texas supenntendency anil agencies
unnecessary'. I therefore recommend that these
offices be abolished.
Immediately after the expiration of the last
Congress, several Indian treaties previously ne-
gotiated were ratified by the Senate at a called
executive session. It was, of course, impossible
to provide, in the appropriation bills for the cur-
rent fiscal year, for the payment of the amounts
stipulated by the several treaties to bo pair! to the
Indians; yet, as the expenditure properly belongs
to this year, it could not appropriately be sub-
mitted with the estimates for the next fiscal year.
A special estimate will be prepared and submitted,
to Congress for an appropriation of $539,350 to
fulfill the stipulations of these treaties; and, as the,
treaties have been ratified, the obligation incurred,
and the faith of the Government pledged, it is
hoped that early action upon it will be taken by
Congress.
The management of our Indian affairs in Cali-
fornia has been embarrassed with a groat variety
of difficulties. Neither the Government of the
United States nor the State of California recog-
nizes in the Indians any right of exclusive occu-
pancy to any specific lands. Reservations have
been provided by law; a large number of Indians
have from time to time been collected upon them,
and large sums of money have been expended to
establish them, with the hope that they would
soon learn to support themselves by their own
labor, and gradually become civilized. But these
expectations have not been realized. Through
the mismanagement and neglect of our employes,
the interference of our citizens, and the apparent
impossibility of inducing these Indians to labor
thereon, the reservation system of California has
proved a failure. Yet the Government cannot
relieve itself from till obligation to make some pro-
vision for this destitute population.
The Indians of California divide themselves
into two general classes by their respective local-
ities. Those living in southern California, hav-
ing already made some progress in civilization
under the Mexican mission system, arc scattered
in small bands, cultivate the soil, and subsist in
part upon the products of their own labor. For
the security and happiness of these, nothing more
need be done by Government than to insure them
the quiet, undisturbed possession of their present
homes, keeping up possibly a single general res-
ervation. And to effect this, no additional legis-
lation is required.
The Indians in northern California, with some
exceptions, are roving, thriftless, idle, and de-
based; often provoking the vengeance of the set-
ters, who are thus excited to acts of violence.
In this division of the State some reservations,
some retreats, must be prepared for the reception
of those who cannot obtain employment from our
citizens, and thus bccomc vagrants and nuisances
to the community. Such Indians might be re-
moved by force, if necessary, to the reservations,
and there compelled to labor. With an anxious
desire to devise some plan of operations which
promises to secure the welfare of the Indians on
the one hand, and relieve the Treasury from the
support of a helpless and dependent population
on the other, I Would recommend, as the most
practicable policy,'the abolition of the superin-
tendency, agencies, and siib-ageneies, and the
division of the State into two distinct Indian dis-
tricts. For each division a single agent should be
provided, with power to employ such assistants
as may be authorized by the Department. Where
ever it is possible to procure employment for the
Indians among our own people, tlie agents should
be required to aid them in obtaining places. It
should be the duty of the agents to protect the
bands that are settled down in the quiet posses-
sion of their homes, and to instruct them in the
arts of husbandry. It should also be the duty of
the agents to collect all vagrants upon the reser-
vations, and to induce them to labor. This plan is
recommended by its economy, and by the pros-
pect it holds out for the security of the Indians.
PENSIONS.
It will be seen, by the report of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, that the whole number of pen-
sioners of all classes now on the rolls is 11,585,
and that the aggregate amount per annum re-
quired for their payment is $1,034,914 15. The
amount paid on account of pensions, duiing the
year ending June 30, 1859, was $1,183,140 89.
Of the aggregate number of pensioners on the
rolls, 10,667 are from the Army, and 918 from the
Navy. Of these, 4,861 of the former and 375 of
the latter are on the invalid roils, and their pen-
sions amount to §409,457 53 per annum.
The number of revolutionary pensioners has
dwindled down to 165, 89 having died during ilie
present year.
The number of widows of revolutionary offi-
cers and soldiers, under all the acts of Congress
granting pensions, was, at the close of the year,
3,714; and the whole number of pensioners on
the rolls, under all the acts allowing half pay to
widows and orphans of deceased'officers and sol-
diers, was 2,452.
During the year ending 30tli of September last,
6,801 bounty land warrants were issued, calling
for the aggregate quantity of 1,030,860 acres.
This amount, added to thai heretofore reported,
makes the entire quantity of public land granted
for military services 63,720,2:22 acres.
It is to be regretted that the penal statute against
presenting fraudulent claims on the Government
continues to be violated. No less than one thou-
sand false and forged bounty land claims have
been discovered on the files of the Pension Office
during the past year, and the utmost vigilance has
been exercised in ferreting out, arresting, and
prosecuting those by whom they were presented.
Eight of the offenders have been convicted and
sentenced to the penitentiary, and twenty others
have been indicted, of whom four have absconded,
one has died, and fifteen await trial.
The suggestions in the report of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, regarding an amendment to
the law of the last session of Congress requiring
biennial examinations of invalid pensioners, and
an extension of time for the location of land war-
rants issued, or to be issued, ill certain cases,
meet my approval, and their adoption is recom-
mended.
DISTRICT OF COLOMBIA.
That provision of the Constitution which has
wisely placed the District of Columbia under the
exclusive legislation of Congress, creates the re-
lation of constituent and representative between
the people of this District and each member of
Congress. Everything, therefore, affecting its
welfare must be regarded with peculiar interest
by the whole country. This is more especially
true of that portion of it embraced within the
limits of the city of Washington, in which the
National Legislature annually assembles.
Prior to the year 1812, the Mayor of Washing-
ton was appointed yearly by the President, and
all the other officers of the corporation were ap-
pointed by the Mayor. Since then, however,
authority has been conferred upon the people of
the city to elect their own officers, and the city
councils have been clothed with additional legisla-
tive powers over municipal subjects. During the
last ten years, I am informed by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings that $2,376,042 86 have
been raised by taxation of private property, and
expended for the general good; and since the city
was laid out, many millions drawn from the Treas-
ury of the United States have been expended in
erecting public buildings and making other im-
provements. But much yet remains to be done,
for which largo appropriations will be required.
A portion of these should doubtless be made by
Congress; but what portion, that body alone must
determine. It would be well for the Government,
and not less advantageous to the city, if some
well-defined rule could be laid down clearly show-
ing what classes of improvements are to be made
by the one or the other. For many years past,
appropriations have been asked and made for many
objects of purely local, if not of private interest,
to the neglect or postponement of others of a pub-
lic character. Thus, certain avenues and streets
have been improved and lighted at the cost of the
General Government, while others of equal im-
portance have been improved and lighted at the
expense of the individuals owning property upon
them. These appropriations, made upon no just
principle, haveencouragcdapplications to be made
for almost every conceivable purpose, until Con-
gress very naturally has been led to view with
distrust, if not with positive disfavor, even those
objects which have been commended to its favor-
able regard as falling within the range of its ex-
clusive patronage. This state of tilings, alike
embarrassing to Congress and injurious to the
true interests of the city, should not be allowed
to continue. By the mode suggested, it can be
effectually remedied, so that both the city and the
General Government will each be able to under-
stand the precise nature and extent of their obli-
gations, and move forward with certainty and
directness to discharge them. In addition to im-
provements of immediate interest to the city of
Washington, others have been suggested, which,
in their nature, conduce equally to the convenience
and advantage of the citizens of Georgetown and
of the county of Washington outside of either city
—such as furnishing increased accommodations
for the courts, and the erection o£ a new jail and
penitentiary. For several years the judges of the
caurts within tlie District, and the members of
the bar, have urged the necessity of an addition
to the City Hall for the convenience of the courts;
and the judges have expressed the opinion that,
inasmuch as they are officers of the United States,
and a very large portion of their business is of
such a character as to involve directly the inter-
ests of the General Government, this improve-
ment should be paid for from the public Treasury.
The grand jury and many influential citizens have
likewise called attention to the same subject, as
well as to the insufficiency and insecurity of the
jail.
These representations have been regularly com-
municated to Congress by this Department, but
no favorable action, as yet, lias been taken with
reference thereto. No reason can be assigned for
this failure to act, but the supposed one, that Con-
gross must have regarded the cost of these im-
provements as properly devolving upon the people
of the District.
With a view to the advancement of the true in-
terests of the city and District, and at the same
time to remove all ground of complaint against
Congress in reference to its non-action upon these
subjects, I would recommend a radical change in
the system of making appropriations, and the
adoption of such an arrangement as will in future
secure exact fairness and justice to every interest.
The most feasible plan I could suggest would be
this: Let the usual appropriations for the im-
provement and lighting of streets and avenues,
and the support of a general police force, be dis-
continued, as also all special appropriations for
objects properly falling under the immediate con-
trol of the city authorities, or of the people of the
District; and, in lieu thereof, let an annual appro-
priation be made, proportionate in amount to the
value of the property owned by and held for the
exclusive use of the TJnited States within the Dis-
trict, to be applied in such manner and for such
objects as Congress shall approve.
There are numerous reservations belonging to
the Government in different parts of the city, over
which the corporate authorities have no control.
Several of these have been tastefully inclosed and
improved, and Congress has annually made ap-
propriations to keep them in order. For the pres-
ent year, however, the means allowed fall greatly
below the amounts usually appropriated, and the
Commissioner of Public Buildings reports them
