THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Cowgress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 30, 1860.
New Series No. 152.
we should certainly provide roads to those points
where it would be most likely we should have to
meet our enemies. I venture to say that, if un-
happily this nation should be enfhged in war with
either Great Britain or any other Power, the ex-
traordinary expense to which we would becxposed
for the transportation of military supplies of all
kinds would, if the war were to continue two or
three years, exceed the total cost of the construc-
tion of throe roads. Our experience is, that we
cannot prosecute a war for any considerable length
of time without incurring the expenditure of hun-
dreds of millions for transportation; and that is
the experience of the whole civilized world.
Now, for myself, I am disposed to enter on this
enterprise with a view to what—if we are to judge
the future by the past—will certainly be the situ-
ation of this'country in the next ten or fifteen
years. I would provide for the building of three
roads, instead of one. As was very properly
said by the gentleman from Washington Terri-
tory, the central road, although it may be of vast
advantage to the public, is not one located in such
a position as to have great military advantages.
The only advantage that it would have in a mili-
tary point of view, would be that, in the event of
a military or naval force being directed against
" our Pacific possessions, it would afford us the
means of transporting our soldiers and supplies
to the point menaced without their beingexposcd
to an enemy by the why, and at a moderate cost
compared to that we would now be compelled to
incur.
With these views,I,for one,am infavorof the
adoption of a plan providing for the construction
of three roads. 1 am in favor of arranging a sys-
tem by which, when the necessary capital can be
aggregated by those of our citizens who are will-
ing to engage in one or other of those enterprises,
they may be assured of receiving certain aid from
the Government of the United States in the shape
of giants of land and of loans. I am willing and
desirous to adopt a plan of that sort, which shall
assure capitalists of aid from the Government in
the shape of compensation for the transport of our
troops and munitions of war, and of the public
mails. Then, havingmade thatprovision, I would
leave it to individual enterprise to engage in the
undertaking, whenever there was any reason to
believe that capitahbts would find an advantage in
them. If the advantages of a particular route ap-
pealed greater than those of any other, capital
would be at once supplied for the construction of
a road over that route. If we make provision for
the construction of three roads, it would not ne-
cessarily follow that the three roads would be
begun at the same time. They would be sever-
ally entered upon according as the public exi-
gencies required, and when capitalists conceived
that they would be able to make the roads profit-
able.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, given expression to my
own views and disposition in regard to this whole
subject. I have expressed my-willingness to enter
upon it as a great matter of national concern; one
that is to be now settled with regard to the future.
If this be our object, we must adopt a system com-
prehensive enough to answer the public needs. I
manifested the same spirit in the committee, but
unfortunately a majority of the committee were
opposed to having three roads. 1 was then will-
ing to go for the construction of two roads. Un-
foi tunately, there was still a majority of the com-
mittee opposed to the construction of two roads.
It seemed as if there was a desire on the part of a
considerable number of the committee to engage
in the construction of one road only, because
they supposed the enterprise was of such magni-
tude-that the public mind would shrink from the
contemplation of a scheme which made provision
for the future construction of three roads. I had
no such fears. For one, I had no such feeling.
I looked to the future; I saw what must be the
necessary growth of these United States in the
next fifty years; I saw that if we adopted such a
plan we would be merely making provision for a
scheme which could not be carried into efipct be-
152
fore the absolute necessities of the public would
require an augmentation of the routes.
But, sir, I disagreed with the majority of the
committee for another reason. Although, when
one. speaks of the amount of aid which the Gov-
ernment is expected to furnish to aid in the con-
struction of a road, it seems a vast amount when
you speak of fifty and sixty and seventy mil-
lion dollars, yet I could not fail to discover that
wh'en you spread the whole expenditure over the
tract of time which would necessarily be occupied
in the completion of the enterprise, the expendi-
ture on the part of the United States would be but
a mere trifle in a national point of view. Why,
if we were now to adopt a plan looking forward
to the construction of three roads, during no single
year until the completion of all of them would
the expenditure made by the United States in
connection with those enterprises amount to the
sum of $9,000,000. Nine million dollars annually
would be a very small sum of money for the Uni-
ted States to expend for fifteen years for the con-
struction of roads that would naturally bind to-
gether the East and the West, and unite the
Atlantic States with the Pacific coast; which would
not only furnish the means of national defense in
case of our being engaged in a war with Great
Britain on the one side, or with the Republic of
Mexico on the other, but would also furnish the
further inducement of proving an easy means
of transporting troops to those districts of country
in which our citizens are now SGttling, and in
which they are now exposed to be cut off by the
savage tribes established in our boundaries, 'lhere
is no day passes by ill which we do not receive
intelligence, cither from the northwestern frontier
or from our southwestern frontier, that citizens
of the United States, who, in a spirit of enter-
prise, have sought new homes in the wilderness,
wifch strong arms and true hearts, have fallen under
the tomahawk and the scalping-knife. If we make
roads on the northern and southern frontiers,
where those who are engaged in the great work
of building up new States are exposed to these
calamities, these difficulties would be &'t an end.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 have said all that I desire
to say in relation to thegeneralsubject. Iwillonly
say a few words in relation to the particular meas-
ure before the House. Although i am in favor of
the construction of one road, if more cannot be
entered on by the Government at this time, I am
not in favor of the bill which lias been reported
to this House; and unless it shall be materially
modified, I shall vote against it. 11 is objection-
able to me upon two grounds. It is objectionable
first, because it creates a monopoly. It this en-
terprise is one which is to attract capital, it is
upon the ground that it is one which promises
pecuniary advantages. If that be so, it is one
that should be held open to American citizens, that
each might enter into competition for the oppor-
tunity of embarking his capital in carrying it on.
What does this bill propose ? It designates certain
individuals, and it declares that those individuals
shall be charged with this enterprise, on a contract
entered into with the national Government, with
such associates as a majority of them may de-
termine to receive. It is true there is a subsequent
provision which looks forward to their being in-
corporated, and there is a limitation embodied in
that particular provision upon the amount to
which any particular person shall subscribe for
stock in it, but that does not destroy the monop-
oly feature. They only, and those that they see
fit to admit, are contractors with the Government.
They only, by a majority, are to be allowed to
determine who shall enter with them, into this
scheme, and shall enjoy the pecuniary advantages
which may be derived from it.
In my view, the first section of the bill creates
a pure monopoly. It is in opposition to every
scheme of the kind that I have ever yet heard of.
I have never known an enterprise of this kinu
entered upon, unless it was by making some pro-
vision by which those disposed to embark in it
would have an opportunity of taking part m the
operation. The system usually is to constitute
certain individuals as commissioners, antl to au-
thorize them to open books and receive subscrip-
tions. There is nothing in this act which looks
to any such thing. It authorizes these parties to
select whom they please, and to accept of acts
of incorporation for their own benefit. That is
one objection which would be insuperable in my
mind. I shall vote for no bill which is not based
upon an antagonistic principle.
But, sir, there is another objection to this bill,
and it was alluded to by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps.] This bill proposes to make
a distinct location of the route. It names certain
individuals who comealmost altogether from one
section of the United States. It gives the major-
ity of those persons the right to determine who '
shall be their associates, ana then itsays to those
persons, "You may contract with us to make a
road which shall have two legs; one planted on
the northern part of Iowa, or upon some portion
of Iowa, and the other planted upon some portion
ofMissouri."Howfarapart those legs or branches
are to be, the bill does not say; but they are to
come together and unite two hundred miles west
of the Missouri r er.
Now, sir, when it is remembered that the ne-
cessities of the country require a northern and a
southern route—one near our northern boundary
and one near our southern boundary—that the
central route can less than any other contribute
to the great objects we have in view; that it can
fully answer only one purpose, that of furnishing
the means of transporting our soldiers and sup-
plies to the Pacific coast, with a view to the de-
fense of that coast, I, for one, am indisposed to
support the bill. If we are to have but one road,
itshould be located either upon the northern route
or upon the southern route, in those districts of
country in which it will be more useful in a mili-
tary point of view, or it should be left to those to
determine the route who are to embark their cap-
ital in it, because they, under the stimulus of pe-
cuniary interest, would be compelled to consider
three elements in its location, and they would be
compelled to decide upon that route which united
in the greatest degree these combined elements
in its favor. They would be compelled, first, to
regard the great seats of trade and industry upon
the Pacific and upon the Atlantic coasts, because
one of their objects would be to make money out
of the road after its completion; but they would,
also be inllucnccd by other considerations. All
other circumstances being equal, they would pre-
fer the shortest route. They would prefer that
route which would be the cheapest in construc-
tion m proportion to its length. They would pre-
fer that route which would have the least grade,
so as to enable them to make the quickest trips,
and which would be of such a character that, with
a given power of steam, the greatest speed could
be accomplished and the greatest burdens be car-
ried. Then there is still another circumstance
which would be taken into consideration, and
that is, whether the route would be one which
would or would-not be open throughoutthe year;
one which would not be exposed to temporary
interruptions, one which would not he obstructed
by snow and ice, over which the transit would
not be liable to be disturbed by inclemencies of
weather. All these elements would be taken into
consideration; and I am satisfied that the pel sons
entering into a contract to embark their capital in
it would make a wiser selection than will be made
by this House.
Mr. REAGAN. I will ask the consent of the
House that, instead of the vote being talvcnupon
my amendment as a substitute for the first sec-
tion, they shall vote upon it as separate amend-,
ments. I desire this course so that the House
shall not bo embarrassed in respect to further
amendments, for I understand the Speaker to de-
cide that if the substitute shall bejuloptcd, no fav-
ther amendment will bo ni order to tlmt section.
Mr, TAYLOR. It is r.iy intention, if the bill
is not putin such shape by amendments as to meet
my approbation, to move, after the amendnfcnts
shall all have been made, to recommit the biU.
