1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
negro, you must study the negro himself. Re-
member, I do not undertake to decide how or when
the negro race became different from the white.
They may. as nnny men of science contend, have
been created of different species, or tliey may have
been rendered different since their creation," by an
act of Providence. Some plausibly say, that inas-
much as we learn from the Scripture that a certain
race were condemned to be slaves through all time,
the negro best fulfills this description, and hence
take him as the representative of that class. With-
out attempting to decide who is right as to theory,
I think it clear" that the difference between the
white race and the negro is as great as that be-
tween certain different species of animals of the
same genus^ that approximate each other m their
structure and habits. Rut it is said, Do you deny
the manhood of the negro r No more than I should
deny the monkeyhood of an ape if I should say he
is not a baboon, or the duckship of a mallard if I
deny that he is a canvas-back duck.
Instead of indulging m vague generalities about
human liberty and the rights of man, examine the
nature and condition of the negro himself. -Four
thousand years ago, in the climate best suited to
his constitution, he was a savage and a slave. In
his own country ho stands in tile same category
with ivory, dates, and other tropical productions.
If transferred, as merchandise, to a foreigner, he
is usually benefited by escaping from a master
who will eat him m times of scarcity to one who
treats him with more lenity and often with kind- ,
ness. Egypt was the seat of the earliest civiliza- j
tion known to man, and the Egyptians held the I
negro as a slave, but were not able to civilize his j
race; though subsequently, in contact with the !
Carthagenians, Romans, and Saracens, lie still \
remained a savage and a slave. j
In the West Indies, and in other portions of !
America where they form independent communi- '
tics, notwithstanding the advantages they hod from
the teachings of white men. and" their great pow- ■
ers of imitation, they seem to be returning to their
original savage state. When we turn to the free
negroes of the United States, what shall I say of
them? Why northern as well as southern men, |
and even Canadians, characterize them as the most ]
worthless of the human race. Formerly the Ab- !
olitiomst ascribcd their degradation to the want of {
political and social privileges. But during the ]
middle ages, ill Europe, the Jews were not only ;
without political privileges, but were, as a class,
odious and severely persecuted, yet they were, ne v- \
ertheless, intelligent, encrffetic, and wealthy. In !
point of fact, in some portions of the northern !
States, the negro has born made a pet of, and but
for his native inferiority, must have thriven and !
even become distinguished. On the other hand,
it is an indisputable fact that the four million ne-
groes who are held in slavery in the South, when
theircondition is considered with reference to their
physical well-being and comfort, their productive-
ness as laborers, their intelligence, morality, and
religion, stand superior to any other portion of
their race. While the free neirroes in the North,
with fresh accessions from abroad, diminish in
numbers, the slaves of the South increase as rap-
idly as the white race, and, upon the whole, per-
haps, add as much to the wealth of the country in
which they are located as any equal number of
laborers in the world.
What the Abolitionists have to do is to find, or
create, a negro community which is superior to
that of the slaves of the South. When they shall
have done this, they will have, laid some grounds
for their appeals in behalf of emancipation. Hith-
erto they have enlisted the sympathies and feel-
ings of the North by falsely assuming that the
negro and white man have in all respects the same
nature. Let the inequality which the Creator has
made be recognized, and their system falls to the
ground.
But the Abolitionists sometimes say that, even
if it be true that the negro is inferior, for that
reason, namely, on account of his weakness, he
ought not to be enslaved. Does this reasoning
apply to children ? The average of human life is
less than forty years, and how can you justify
depriving human beings of liberty for more than
half that time? If children were the equals of
adults it would be wrong to control them. It is
simply because they are inferior that we justify
their subjection to the will of others. Upon these
principles the negro, being, as compared with the
white man, always a child, is benefited by the
control to which he is subjected.
When pressed oil these points by an array of
facts, the Abolitionists fall back on the opinions
of Mr. Jefferson and others of the last century.
But since their day the sciences have made a pro-
digious advance, and in all that relates to the
peculiarities and distinctions that exist between
! the different races of men, there has been the
| greatest progress of any. In fact, it is a science
[ which has almost grown up m our day, and it
j has made such strides as to have taken possession
j of the intellect of America. Already there are
; hundreds who have adopted the doctrine to one
I who believed it ten years ago. It is only neces-
sary for the true men to take it up boldly, and
' press it home, and the Abolitionists can be routed
, throughout the North.
The shrewder anti-slavery men, however, see-
I ing that they cannot make longer a successful
j fight for the negro, affirm that their objection to
slavery is not on his account, but for tlie sake of
j the white men, and that they and the South are
i injured by the institution, and that our people are
for that reason wanting in enterprise and industry.
To that argument I have this to say in reply.
Where, Mr. President, in all history was it known
that one nation was so strongly under the influ-
ence of benevolence, as to cause it to make war
upon another merely to compel the nation attacked
to become more enterprising and prosperous?
Who has invaded Spain or Turkey to compel the
Spaniards or Turks to become more industrious
and thrifty? Will any one gravely pretend that
this tori ent of fanaticism in the Worth has no
other origin except a desire to compel the people
of the South to be more industrious, and to take
better care of their own interest, and be more
attentive to their own business? The idea is
preposterous. I have no doubt but that misrep-
! resentations on these points have contributed to
• strengthen the anti-slavery party. But, sir, is
there any difficulty m making a complete defense
! on this point? With no wish, Mr. President, to
wound the sensibilities of any one, or to claim
! superiority for my section, let us, nevertheless,
j look at some of the principal facts. One of the
| best tests of the prosperity of a country and its
I healthy condition is the progress of its popula-
tion. Compare the population of the fifteen slavc-
■ holding States with that of all the free States as
' shown by the census of 1840 and of 1850, the last
decade ascertained. If we deduct from both sec-
tions the foreign emigrant population, which is
an accidental increment, it will be found that the
slaveholding States have increased much faster
in population than the free States.
| Again, sir, a fair estimate of the wealth of the
two sections will show that the citizens of the
southern States are as rich per head, I think in
fact richer than those of the free States. It was
also shown by Mr. Branch, a colleague of mine,
some two veaxs ago, that of the old Atlantic
States the slaveholding had more miles of railroad |
in proportion to their white population than the I
free States. There are other evidences of our !
material wealth, to which I will presently advert.
On the score of morals, it may be said that we
have fewer criminals and paupers, and, propor-
tionally , church accommodations for a larger num-
ber of mcmbei s.
It is said, however, that any one who merely
looks at the two sections will see the inferiority
of the southern system. But vou must remember
that our population is extended over a territory
of lime hundred thousand miles in extent, while
many of the northern States have a dense popu-
lation. It is the tendency of an agricultural
people, with an unlimited area, to extend itself
rapidly at first, while commerce and manufactures
concentrate population. Tried by this standard,
any one of a dozen monarchies which I passed
through, during the past summer, has the advan-
tage of any portion of the Union. Even in Italy,
oppressed as it has been for ages, in its agricul-
tural landscape can bring to shame the best cul-
tivated State of Newr England. According to the
logic of the Abolitionists, these States ought to be
placed under the dominion of the House of Aus-
tria or the Pope of Rome. The entire State of
Massachusetts is not larger than one of the con-
gressional districts of North Carolina. Where a
million of people are brought within a small area,
the eye of an observer rests on many habitations
and fields. In time, the whole Union, if filled, with
people, may be superior to the best cultivated
parts of Europe; but even now, the inhabitants of
sparsely-settled districts have as much wealth and
comfort, all things being considered, as those who
live in crowded communities. At no period of
our history have the southern States been more
prosperous than at present, and even during the
commercial pressure of 1857 which has so seri-
ously affected the northern States.
I do not, however, propose, Mr. President, to
enter into a general argument on these topics, but
to maintain that the conservative men of the North
have within their reach facts enough to establish
two propositions. The first is, that the negro,
in the condition of slavery, is not a proper object
for sympathy, and is, in fact, benefited by his
subjection. The second one is, that the white
race are not injured by the institution; that the
southern States constitute, in the aggregate, a
prosperous community, and ought not to be the
subject of denunciation at the North. Should this
be made to appear, then, whatever of real feeling
exists against us will be diminished, and, in that
event, we may expect that persons who, like the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] patron-
ize abolition from such motives as induce a jockey
on a racc-course to back the horse that lie thinks
likely to win—all such persons, I say, will find
it expedient to abandon anti-slavery agitation as
a trade. To effect such results, however, the
friends of the Constitution in the North must
make up their minds to undergo the labor of a
thorough canvass of their region against the anti-
slavery men, and by proper publications refute
their misrepresentations.
The Abolitionists declaim constantly against
the slave power. Why, sir, it is sixteen years since
there was any attempt by the Democratic party
to nominate a citizen of the slaveholding States
for the office of President; and for the last ten
years, in the conventions of ail parties, the contest
has been solely among northern men. In fact,
during thatperiod no electoral vote has been given
in a slaveholding State, for the office of President,
to any southern man. Our only object has been
to select among northern gentlemen one who was
not our enemy. The men chosen have been as-
sailed by our opponents, not because they were
ncglectful of any northern interest, but simply
because they were willing to do us equal justice
with the other section, and refused to exorcise the
powers of the common Government against us.
It has been urged that the southern States should,
by retaliatory legislation, prohibit the sale within
their limits of the productions of those of the north-
ern States that have failed to do us justice. As the
Constitution of the United States has been inter-
preted, both by the Federal and State courts, there
is ample power to effect this by imposing a tax
on articles after they have been imported and the
packages .broken; in other words, on retailors.
Two objects are expected to be effected by thfs
system. In the first place, to make it the interest
of the northern States to counterajf the efforts of
the Abolitionists; and secondly, to prepare the
southern States for a separation, if they should
find it necessary to take such a step.
I have often thought, Mr. President, that it was
unfortunate that the framers of the Constitution
made no provision for the expulsion of a State. If
the Union be a place of misery, then, to punish re-
fractory members, they should undoubtedly be
kept in it, as criminals are detained in penitentia-
ries; but if, on the other hand, it be a beneficial and
desirable tiling to remain in the Union, then bad
members ought to be excluded from it. No State,
in my judgment, has a right to enjoy the advant-
ages of the Union, and yet refuse to submit to the
obligations it imposes. Such laws of Congress
as are held by the courts to be constitutional
ought to be obeyed by all the States that share
the advantages of the Union. If, for example,
when a dozen years ago the State of Massachu-
setts passed laws to nullify the act for the recov-
ery of fugitives, if she had been expelled from the
Union, two striking effects would have been pro-
duced. In the first place, the consciences of the
inhabitants of that State would have been freed
from all responsibility for the sin and turpitude
of slavery; and, secondly, their goods, when
brought into the United States, would have been
taxed as those of other foreigners are. The impres-
sion which such an occurrence would have made
