1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
rangement? We only fores them to do it by this
section of the bill.
Mr. CPJTTENDEN. They might want this
to sanction it; but if the fact exists, I suppose it
is known to my honorable friend from Missis-
sippi who advocates this bill. If not, I cannot
vote for any such imposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 31; as fr^ows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Crittenu-.i, Durkee, Fcssen-
den, Fitzpatnck, Green, Grimes, Hunter, and Trumbull—9.
NAYS—Messrs.Benjamin, Bragg, Bright, Brown,Chand-
ler, Clark, Clingman, Collarner, Doolittle,Douglas, Fitch,
Foot, Gwin, Hamlin, Harlan, hemphill, tver?on, Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Mason, Nich-
olson, Pearee, Polk, Powell, Rioc, Sebastian, Seward,
Simmons, Ten Eyck,and Wade—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. If there can be no other amend-
ment proposed to the bill, I desire to make a pre-
liminary motion before 
Mr. HUNTER. I am inclined very much to
think that the bill ought to be amended, so as to
take the road along another street, and not de-
stroy Pennsylvania avenue. It seems to me the
best route would be from the Capitol gate along
by the Post Office, Interior, and Treasury Depart-
ments, wo as to save Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. BROWN. That is a question that can be
considered. I tnink with the Senator from Vir-
ginia; but nobody had submitted any such propo-
sition, and it was concluded by the committee that
if one asked for bread, it was hardly worth while
to offer him a stone. No one asked to run a rail-
road on the lino indicated by the Senator from
Virginia. I thought myself itwas the most proper
way to run the road, and I believed it would be
more profitable; but those who petitioned for this
franchise did not thmk so; they have not asked
for it; and we have no assurance that anybody
would build a road there if you granted the priv-
ilege. These parties have not asked it; and 1 sup-
posed that when parties asked to be allowed to
do a thing, we either granted them the privilege
or denied it, and did not say to them, " You can-
not do this; but you can do something else."'
Mr. HUNTER. This would not coerce the
parties to pursue this route. Tf they did not think
it profitable they would not make the road. The
whole result would be to present this issue: that
they might either make a road along that line, or
else have none at all. So far as t am concerned,
I am not at present willing to see a road through
the avenue, though I should be very willing that
they should have a franchise for a road of the
sort I have indicated, if it would suit them. If
nothing else will suit them but a road oil Penn-
sylvania avenue, I have not made up my mind
to vote for (he bill.
Mr, UROWN. The Senator and myself come
veiy near agreeing. T have said to-day, I said a
dozen times during the last session, that I was
opposed, and 1 am opposed now, to putting a rail-
road on the avenue; but 1 found, ou consultation
with Senators, that they were determined to grant
the privilege to somebody. I think nme tenths of
the Senate arc now in favor ofa railroad upon the
au'iuie. I have no doubt about it. Then it simply
became, as I said this morning before, a question
as to whom you would grant the franchise. But no
one has asked for the privilege of building a rail-
road on the line indicated by the Senator from
Virginia. If anybody wants it, and will ask the
privilege, I am for granting it; but as nobody has
ever asked for if, I see no necessity of granting it.
Mr. PEAUCE. 1 hope the bill will not be
amended m this particular. A railway along those
other stieets, and not alon^ Pennsylvania avenue,
would neither be productive) to (he owners of the
road, nor beneficial to the public. That is the
great thoroughfare of the city. Tiie great throng
of passers from one end of the city to the other go
along the avenue; and it is the proper place for
a railway, if we have one at all. I would just
as soon have none, as one put out on some "dis-
tant streets.
In truth, there is no manner of objection to it.
Theie is no inconvenience to the public in having
a passenger railway laid, as it is proposed to be
done, along this great avenue. Its immense width
will make it a very easy thing to lay down this
railroad, with all the width desired for it, and yet
not inconvenience the traffic in carts, carriages,or
any other way. The rails are to be level with the
street. They arc sunk; but the roll ©f the rail is
on a level with the street. Carriages can pass it
with perfect facility. It interrupts no one; and
the truth is, it is vastly more convenient and less
disagreeable in every particular than omnibuses,
which are constantly running. You have no noise
from one of these passenger railway cars—none
of that disturbance, which is very disagreeable
from omnibuses; and there is not a solitary in-
convenience. It does not destroy the avenue.
The company keep it in repair for three feet out-
side of their tracks. I cannot see a single reason
for driving the railway from Pennsylvania ave-
nue, while there is every reason for running it
along that avenue.
Mr. BROWN. I believe the Senator from Vir-
ginia has not offered the amendment. There is
no proposition to amend before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
If there be no other amendments offered to either
of the propositions before the Senate, the ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, to strike out the original bill, after the
enacting clause, and insert what has been read.
Mr. BROWN. If that be the only proposition
to be considered, the Senator from Maryland
having expressed a desire to look into the legal
question submitted by the Senator from Louisi-
ana, I will move to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill until next Saturday; but, pre-
liminary to that, I would ask the Senate to allow
me to assign next Saturday again for the consid-
eration of District business, so as to make it ab-
solutely certain that this question will come up
on that day.
Mr. JOtlNSON, of Arkansas. Before that
is done, I would ask to be heard, and I think
I may express what is the opinion of the ma-
jority of this body m regard to it. It is, that in
all human probability next Saturday we shall not
be able to get a quorum on this matter. Al-
ready the subject has been not only discussed,
but discussed elaborately in all its features. If
there is any new matter which the Senator from
Maryland may find hereafter that he thinks would
change and affect the minds of men, there is an-
other House that is expiessly provided wheie
everything may be developed. The bill has to
go there and be acted upon by that House. Then
why, when there is a majority here who are dis-
posed to settle this question now, are we to have
it postponed and come up constantly hereafter?
Why should we set apart another day and go
through again the whole of this discussion? For
what particular reason ? In order to allow the
Senator from Maryland to inquire, when the whole
case lias been prepared and put in his hands here-
tofore? I do not see any propriety in it. I do
not think it is demanded of this body. I think,
if we constantly do this, we shall coinc to no con-
clusion on this case. There can be no case started
that any member feels an earnest interest in, in
regard to which he may not say that the argu-
ments on the other side have shown something
he did not expect, and if he is allowed a little
more time he may possibly answer it, and may
be able, very possibly, to satisfy the whole body,
or if not he will abandon his position. I do not
see that it ought to be done.
I hope very much that we shall not be com-
pelled to give another day to this subject. The
same inquiry can be made before the bill is acted
on by the other House. If there is reasonnble
ground to oppose and defeat the measure before
it goes to the other House, the facts can certainly
be communicated there; and we must have some
confidence m that branch. In fact, we know,
from the superior difficulty of passing any measure
there, that they will not consent to pass this meas-
ure if they think it ought not to be passed. I
hope the Senator from Mississippi will not con-
cede the postponement. If he docs I cannot
say that, for one, I shall be hero next Saturday,
and I doubt very much whether there are not
many Senators who would repeat with me that
they feel no assurance that they can be here next
Saturday to listen to unnecessary discussion on a
subject that has been already fully debated.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Mary-
land is quite satisfied to allow the vote to be taken
upon his amendment now, I should be gratified;
but when a Senator says that he has doubts upon
a very grave question presented by a brother
Senator, and asks two or three days to consider
it, I do not think it is in accordance with the usual
every-day courtesy of the Senate to deny him
that privilege. I, even under the appeal of my
friend from Arkansas, cannot do it. If the Sena-
tor from Maryland wants two or three days to
consider this matter, so far as I am concerned he
may have them.
Mr. GRIMES. Fix Thursday, instead of Sat-
urday.
Mr. BROWN. I object to fixing Wednesday
or Thursday for this bill; bccause I am fearfuFthat
I shall run foul of somebody's special order, some
Senator's special business, and have this bill dis-
placed. If the Senate will postpone the question
until Saturday, and assign that day a second time
for the consideration of District business, then I
am absolutely certain on that dciy to get it up;and
now let me say, upon the question of not getting
a quorum, that there is plenty of other business,
and very important business. The Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi allow me a moment? I
think there will be no difficulty in having this
question disposed of if it were set for either Tues-
day, Wednesday, or Thursday; for I am so clear
that the opinion stated by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana is correct, that the stockholders
of a corporation cannot, by any possibility, be
bound without their consent, when there is a dis-
tinct proposition to allow them to build another
and distinct road, that I have not the slightest
doubt that when the honorable Senator from Ma-
ryland shall come to examine the question, he will
be satisfied that that position is correct; and the
thing will pass by without any debate whatever. •
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then let me
make a proposition to the Senator from Maryland.
In that view of the case, it is plain, I think, from
what we may observe here, that the bill has reached
that point where there is but very little difficulty
about determining it, but for the consideration al-
luded to. I suggest, then, as a way of gettingrid
of it m all probability, that the Senator allow the
vote to be taken on the bill, and then enter a mo-
tion to .reconsider; and if his mind is not satisfied
he can take time. He can make his motion, and
call it up hereafter, with the understanding that
it shall be called up next Saturday should he
insist on it; and if not, of course it stands for
nothing.
Mr. PEARCE. If the vote be taken now,
under the circumstances, it will be in vain for me
to move any reconsideration, undoubtedly. I am
under the impression that there is an act of the
Legislature of Maryland which contemplates cer-
tain other powers to be acquired by the Metro-
politan Railroad Company on application to the
Government of the United States. I have not seen
that act for a long time; I do not recollect exactly
what its purport is. It may be that it may co\er
this case; ir is possible it may not. All I ask is,
that I may have an opportunity to investigate it.
I have been pretty frank to say that I think the
objections of the Senator from Louisiana are not
to be overcome unless by some special circum-
stance to be discovered in the course of an exam-
ination, which will not take more than two or three
days at the furthest. There will be no difficulty,
I take it, if opposition be withdrawn, in passing
this bill. It has reached the point at which the
Senate may vote upon it, I admit; and I suppose
we might even take it up some day next week if
it were made the special order for any day at half
past twelve o'clock, which would give time for the
morning business to be gone through, and would
give time to settle it. I suggest, therefore, that
it be made the special order for Wednesday next,
at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. Saturday will be a better dav.
We shall 1 lave appropuation bills !e..'Uy by that
time, I think.
Mr. BROWN. That is what I feared. I think
Senators had better let me take my own course
with this matter. It will be more convenient to
all of us to come here on Saturday. [" Say Satur-
day."] This is not the only matter. Let me
remind Senators again, that the District has plenty
of business to engage you not only for next Satur-
day, but for a dozen Saturdays, if you will devote
yourselves to it. We have another important,
question lying back of this, about the grading of
streets. Then you have the Capitol extension
question; the water works question; and plenty
of business to attend to on Saturdays, if yeuhave
