454:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
on their minds and those of the country gener-
ally, might possibly then have arrested the anti-
slavery movement when it was comparatively
feeble. In the present condition of things, such
a course would not be practicable, perhaps.
If, however, Mr. President, this hostile move-
ment of the anti-slavery party cannot be arrested
under the Constitution, let us consider the second
remedy, namely, a temporary or permanent sep-
aration of the southern from the northern States.
Senators on the other side of the Chamber do
not think this will occur. When Giddings and
others proclaim that "the South cannot be kicked
out of the Union," such a declaration is received
by the anti-slavery party of the country with evi-
dent satisfaction, and generally with applause.
You, Senators, and your supporters do not be-
lieve there is danger m any event, because prom-
inent slaveholders and men of wealth occasionally
tell you they are conservative, and that the south-
ern people will submit to any treatment you may
think fit to impose. But you should remember
that these persons are not always the readiest to
volunteer to defend the country in time of war,
and that many of them dread civil commotions.
During our Revolution there were wealthy tories
in every one of the colonies; and at the time Gen-
eral Washington evacuated the city of New York,
he was urged by one of his subordinate officers, a
northern man, to burn the city, for the reason that
two thirds of the property to be destroyed be-
longed to tories.
You do not believe, also, because you say that
if the South were in earnest, it would be more
united, and would not send up, as she does from
certain districts, members of Congress who assist
you in party movements, and in answer to your
threats proclaim their love of the Union.
You should understand, however, that the con-
stituencies of such members are merely misled as
to the purposes, principles, and power of your
party by those newspapers on which they rely
for information. Let them have proper knowl-
edge as to the condition ofthe country where your
influence prevails, and they will manifest the same
feeling that therestof the South does. Gradually
a knowledge of your movements and objects is
spreading over the southern States. Two occur-
rences have materially contributed to unmask your
objects and disclose the dangers which threaten.
The first was the vote which Mr. Fillmore re-
ceived in 1856. When it was seen that a man
like him, of avowed anti-slavery opinions, merely
because he showed his willingness to enforce the
fugitive slave law, and declared his purpose to
give to the South the benefits of the Constitution,
was beaten largely in every free State, by a mere
adventurer like Fremont, a great impression was
made on the conservative men of the South. They
began to realize the state of feeling in the North,
and more disumonists were made'by that occur-
rence than perhaps any one which preceded it.
*The second incident which caused even a much
stronger impression on the minds of the southern
people, was thg manner in which the acts of John
Brown were received in the North. Instead of
the indignation and abhorrence which the atro-
eiousnoss of his crimes ought naturally to have
excited, there were manifestations of admiration
and sympathy. Large meetings were held to
express these feelings, sermons and prayers were
made in his behalf, church bells tolled and cannon
fired, and more significant than all these, were the
declarations of almost the entire Republican press,
that his punishment would strengthen the anti-
sldVL-ry cause. Yet Senators tell us that these
things were done because of the courage Brown
exhibited. But our people think you are mis-
taken, Though the mere thief may be and usually
its a coward, yet it is well known that men who i
engage in robbery or piracy as a profession gen- j
erally possess courage. Criminals have been j
executed frequently in New England who, both i
in the commission of their crimes, and in their i
death, manifested as much courage as John Brown,
and yet none of them called forth such feelings
of sympathy. At a meeting in Boston, where
thousands were assembled, when Emerson, a lit-
erary man of eminence, proclaimed that Brown
had made "the gallows as glorious as the cross,"
he was rapturously applauded. At the large meet-
ing at Natiek, where the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] was a spectator, the principal
orator, Wright, declared that the people of the
North look upon " Jesus Christ as a dead failure,"
and hereafter we are to rely on " John Brown,
and him hanged."
In the southern States, where old-fashioned
Christian notions still prevail, it would be thought
right to beat such blasphemers even out of a church,
if they had congregated there. We are told now
that they were not interrupted because the people
of Massachusetts are law-abiding, and in favor of
the liberty of speech. But our constituents do not
believe one word of this, because they know that,
of all the people in the Union, the inhabitants of
Massachusetts are the most excitable and the
most intolerant and overbearing. They know that
men who dare to oppose the anti-slavery party
there are persecuted with intense hatred; that
mobs can be gotten up on the smallest occasions,
and that ten thousand men can be assembled on
the shortest notice to rescue a runaway negro from
the custody of a United States marshal.
Our people know that these things could not
have occurred unless there had been an intense
feeling of hostility to the South, and, therefore,
strong sympathy with our assailants. Is not this
the reason why your leading editors have declared
that the punishment of J ohn Brown will strengthen
the anti-slavery cause ? Such is the construction
the people of the South put on this whole matter,
and hence the demonstrations you witness among
them.
But you hold that the South is unable and un-
willing to resist you; and the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] has declared, in substance,
that the Union is never to bo dissolved. He also
told the Senate that the contest between the free
and slaveholding States had ended by the former
winning the victory. He and the rest of you
expect us in future to submit quietly to what you
may see fit to order. Had the British Parliament
believed that the colonies would resist their tax
bill3 our Revolution would not have occurred; but
Lord North and others declared that the clamor
in America came from a few seditious agitators,
and that the great body of the people were so loyal
to the Government that they were ready to sub-
mit to the action of the Parliament. They affirmed
that there was no danger of resistance; and, least
of all, of their thinking of dissolvingtlieunion with
the mother country. Our ancestors wisely determ-
ined that the cannon of Great Britain were less
dangerous than her acts of Parliament.
Let us look at this matter for a few moments
calmly. At this time the population of the South
is nearly thirteen million, of which more than
eight million are free persons and four million
slaves. At the beginning of our Revolution the
population of the colonies, both free and slave,
was less than three million. The slaveholding
States are then far more than four times as strong
as were the colonies when they dissolved the
union with Great Britain.
Is it likely that after having been independent
for eighty years, our people are l.ess attached to
their rights ? But many of your Abolitionists say
that slaveholding has enfeebled our people, and
rendered them so spiritless that they are neither
willing nor able to make defense. Edmund Burke
thought differently, and said that of all men slave-
holders were the most tenacious of their rights, and
defended their liberties with the highest and
haughtiest spirit. 1 do not refer to the war ofthe
Revolution, when all the States were slavehold-
ing; but in the last war with Gieat Britain the
southern States sent out more men than the north-
ern, and it has never yet, as far as I have heard,
been pretended that Harrison and Johnson, Scott
and Forsyth, were not as brave as those who
went from flic free States to the Canada line, or
that Jackson and the men under him in the South-
west, did not exhibit a proper courage. To the
war with Mexico, though much the less popu-
lous scction, the South sent nearly twice as many
men as the North. A leading Black Republican
editor says that one regiment from New York
would be able to conquer all the southern States.
A regiment from the State of Now York certainly
conducted itself well during the Mexican war; but
it has not, I think, been affirmed that it behaved
better than the regiments from the slaveholding
States. If you, therefore, think that one of your
regiments is able to subdue the South, our people
will probably differ with you in opinion. You
say that fear of the slaves will prevent any resist-
ance toyou. Asa sudden movement of afew ne-
groes, stimulated by abolition emissaries, might
destroy a family or two, there is undoubtedly
apprehension felt. Fifty persons, however, are
killed in this country by vicious and unmanage-
able horses, to one who suffers from the act of
a rebellious negro There is, in fact, about as
much reason to apprehend a general insurrection
of the horses as of the slaves of the South when left
to themselves. When, during the war of 1812,
the British armies were in the slaveholding ter-
ritory, though they induced a number of slaves to
join them, they found no advantage to result from
it, and their Government paid for all carried off
at the close ofthe war. Though the Spartans and
Romans were the greatest slaveholders in the
world, and though, too, they held in the most rigid
servitude men of their own color and race, and
therefore liable to rebel in great force, yet they
were strongenough to overthrow all their enemies.
In our opinion, the slaves are a positive element
of strength, because they add to the production
of the country, while the white race can furnish
soldiers enough. Every man, too, among us, is
accustomed to ride and to carry weapons from his
childhood.
There are, however, other important elements
to be taken into the account. During the last fis-
cal year the exports of the United States, exclu-
sive of specie, were $278,000,000. Ofthisamount,
the free States furnished, exclusively, $5,281,000,
the slave States $188,693,000, and the two sections
jointly, also, ยฃ84,417,000. Of this latter sum of
$84,000,000, the slave States probably furnished
one third, but certainly one fourth. A fourth
tiddcd to the amount exclusively furnished by
them, makes a total of ยง210,000,000 as the valur
of their exports to foreign countries. They also
exported a large amount to the free States. New
England alone received about fifty million dollars'
worth of southern productions; and to the rest of
the free States were sent, doubtless, more. The
entire exports from the slaveholding States to the
free States, and to foreign countries combined,
must greatly have exceeded three hundred million
dollars. As the South sells this much, it, of course,
can afford to buy a like amount. If, therefore, it
constituted a separate confederacy, its imports
would exceed three hundred million dollars; a duty
of twenty per cent, on this amount, which would
be a lower rate than has generally been paid under
our tariff's heretofore, would yield a revenue of
ยง60,000,000. More than fifty million of this sum
could well be spared for the defense of our sec-
tion, and the support of larger armies and navies
than the present Government has. Though it
may seem strange to you that the South should
in this way raise as large a revenue as the whole
Union has ever done, this, too, with a lower tariff,
you must remember that most of the tariff taxes
the South pays go, in fact, in the shape of protec-
tion to those northern manufacturers who threaten
us with negro insurrections and subjugation. Do
you think that with these prospects before our
people they are ready to submit unconditionally
to you? They have the strongest feelings of con-
tempt for the avaricious and greedy, the canting
and hypocritical, the mean, envious, and mali-
cious Abolitionists. Little as they may think
of the free negro, he is, in their judgment, more
respectable than the white man w'ho comes down
to his level; and with all the world to choose a
master from, your negro-worshjper would be their
last choice.
In making up our calculations, we must also
look to the other side. The free States have
a population of seventeen or eighteen million.
Though this is considerably more, numerically,
than our-strength, yet it is much less, relatively,
than was the population of Great Britain in 1776.
I have no doubt that your people arc courage-
ous, generally; but the best and bravest of them
are in the Democratic ranks; and, while they
would defend their scction, if attacked, I doubt if
they would easily be induced to assail us. Many
of your Abolitionists belong to the "pcacc party.,"
and have little appetite for cold steel, though they
are most efficient in getting up popular clamors,
and are formidable at the ballot-box. It is also
true, that while everything-the South needs she
can either produce or commonly get cheaper in
Europe, under a system of free trade, your north-
eastern States are especially dependent on the
South for its productions and freights. How many
of your manufaeluiers and mechanics would emi-
