456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
it fall, it carries with it an older and a still more
honored emblem—that banner under which Wash-
ington marched to victory, which Jackson main-
tained triumphantly, and which has been borne
gallantly and gloriously over every sea. I have
still confidence in the good fortune of the United
States, and in view of the many providential
occurrences in the past, still anticipate a triumph
for the Republic. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Iowa. Is the
Senate ready for the question?
' Mr. GREEN. I call for the yeas and nays on
that proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. The resolution was offered by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pogh,] who is con-
fined to his house by indisposition. I move the
postponement of it for the present.
Mr. GREEN. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CLAY. I move the postponement of it,
with a view to having an executive session.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 1G, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Septimcs Tiistim, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PLURALITY RULE.
The CLERK stated the question to be upon
the admissibility of the resolution presented on
Friday by the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Pennington,] and thaton a point of order on thet
resolution raised by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Leake,] the gentleman from Virginia was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the gentleman from
Virginia does not desire to speak to his point of
order at this time, 1 will, with the consent of the
House, proceed to submit some remarks. If he
docs not desire to discuss his point of order, I do.
Mr. LEAKE. I do not desire to discuss the
point of order, because I am too unwell to discuss
anything. For a particular reason, I will let the
matter drop for the present. I understand that
the resolution will not be pressed; that the Clerk
will decide in my favor on the point of order.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to the House, that upon an examination of the
parliamentary law he is satisfied that the gentle-
man from Virginia was 111 time with his point of
order, and that the demand for the previous ques-
tion could not preclude the point of order raised
by him; and further, that if the point of order be
pressed, a vote of the House would have to be
taken on it before the question was taken on the
introduction of the resolution.
Mr. LEAKE. With an assurance which I
know I can rely upon, I let the matter drop for
the present, and will yield the floor to my friend
from Georgia.
Mr. GROW. It is not necessary for the gen-
tleman from Virginia to yield the floor, if it is
understood that the point of order is temporarily
postponed. If the understanding be that the reso-
lution and point of order are informally passed
over, I do not object; otherwise I do.
Mr. LEAKE. That is the proposition I make.
I believe that I have no right to give up the floor
without that understanding.
Mr. GROW. It is the understanding, then,
that the matter is passed over informally.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The object I had in
offering my resolution was to expedite the organ-
ization of this House. The point of order Hav-
ing been raised and decided against mo by the
Clerk 
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
that he has not decided the point of order; but has
only stated that in his opinion, under parliament-
ary law, the point of order was made in time.
Mr. PENNINGTON. You have decided that
it is debatable.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the point
of order is debatable; but he made no decision on
the point of order.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman from New Jer-
sey will allow me. The gentleman from New
Jersey presented a resolution. The gentleman
from Virginia raised a question of order on its
introduction that it could not be received. That
point of order is the first thing to be settled by the
House—whether the resolution is to be received
or not. The Clerk thinks that the point of order
was taken in time, so that it must be first voted on
before the House can get to a vote on the resolu-
tion. That is all the Clerk decides. Under par-
liamentary law the debate must be confined to the
point of order. There cannot be a general dis-
cussion on it. But it is understood that the matter
is informally passed over, and I make no objec-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know what induces
the proposition that the matter be informally
passed over; but I want to say this, that when-
ever a question of order comes up that the Clerk
refers to the House, in my judgment, it is debat-
able, and debatable to the full extent of any other
proposition now before the House; that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Virginia is debat-
able in the same length and breadth as any other
proposition before the House. But I do not see
the use of passing the matter over informally. If,
by so doing, we pledge ourselves, or admit by im-
plication that it is riot debatable, as I have stated,
I shall object to it.
Mr. GROW. I take it that the gentleman does
not mean to say that, under parliamentary law,
any question is debatable except the one before
the House, and that debate must not be confined
to the pending question. A great portion of this
discussion which has been going 011 here for six
weeks, has been irrelevant to the questions before
the House. My position is this: that under par-
liamentary law any question is debatable, but that
the remarks must be confined and bo pertinent to
the question, and that a gentleman cannot discuss
a qxiestion outside of the one pending. The point
of order here would be debatable whether this
resolution should be received or not. That is the
only question which could be debatable. If the
resolution of the gentleman from Missouri was
pending before the House, then that would be
debatable so far as the resolution itself was con-
cerned; but the discussion of all questions per-
taining to tjjc Union, under parliamentary law, is
not admissible. But I did not take it upon my-
self, nor did I think it proper that I should, to
attempt to arrest that kind of discussion, though
I call the attention of the gentleman to this point
of parliamentary law, to show that two thirds of
the whole discussion this session has not been
pertinent to the questions befoie us.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Leaki;] is not well, and he desires
this question to lie by. I also desire it, m that
state of the case. I wish it to lie by without
prejudice.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object to passing it
by for the accommodation of the gentleman from
Virginia and the gentleman from New Jersey. I
have no objection to accommodating those gentle-
men; but I have an objection to standing commit-
ted in any way, or to any extent, to the doctrine
that is propounded by the member from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow.] I am very glad that that
member has so recently discovered that two thirds
of this debate is out of order.
Now, what is before the House' The resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri is before the
House, and is debatable. There is nothing to pre-
vent debate upon any proposition now before the
House; and the resolution of the gentleman from
New Jersey, which is not now before the House,
and the point of order which grows out of it, arc
just in the position they would be in in Committee
of the Whole 011 the state of the Union. If the
member from Pennsylvania were correct, it would
present a point for the Clerk to discriminate; and
the Clerk will never discriminate, as the chairman
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union never discriminates, as to the pertinency or
relevancy of debate. When in general debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
under our rules even—which are much more strin-
gent than the parliamentary law—who ever knew
the chairman of the committee to assume to rule
debate out of order because of its irrelevancy ?
Now, I am willing that, for to-day, this point
should be passed by; but I want to say that, when
it comes up, I shall propose to discuss it, and dis-
cuss it just as I should desire to discuss any ques-
tion when it comes up—to discuss the point of
order, then the resolution, and then any other prop-
osition which comes up before the House under
existing circumstances.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to say that
when discussion shall be resumed upon the point
of order, if it shall ever be resumed, it will be for
the House to determine what latitude shall be given
to members in the discussion of the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. And the question of referring
that matter to the House is debatable, as is any
other.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Clerk, I had 110
intention of participating in this discussion until
within the past few days. I was content, after
the honorable gentleman from Missouri had of-
fered his resolution and made his remarks, that
the House should proceed to vote for Speaker of
this House until an organization could be made.
It is not intended, however, to complain that there
has been too much speaking; far from it. The
country has been informed of the perils that hang
over it, and I indulge the hope that the people of
the South have been aroused to their true position
in the Uriion, and have become fully acquainted
with the ends and aims of the enemies of the Re-
public. I do not design to assail the motives of
any man; but I do intend to speak plainly,in the
English language, of the tendency and objects of
the Abolition party in the United States. It is
neitherprofi table, truthful,nor just, to speak of the
party who style themselves Republicans as other
than the Abolition party; and it would be alike
unjust to myself and my constituents to call them
by any other name than the Abolition party. For
many years they disguised their ends and aims
under the catch-words of freedom and free-soil.
For a time they have deceived their own people,
and, to some extent, concealed their true charac-
ter from a large class of our own southern con-
stituency; but recently, emboldened by success,
they have thrown off the mask, and stand forth
to-day, at the North, in all their proportions of
hideous deformity.
I propose, Mr. Clerk, to reply to some observa-
tions that have fallen from the lips of members
on this floor—I hope, sir, in a spirit of candor
and truth,andinthatspiritof courtesy that should
characterize all our proceedings. I premise that
I yield to none m devotion to the Constitution.
Itis the glorious heritage of freemen. I remember
what it cost, and I believe I appreciate its worth.
When, sir, we reflect that we are the descendants
of those noble and true men who fled from the
tyranny of the monarchies m Europe, and sought
in the " great old woods3' of North America that
civil and religious liberty denied them on the east-
ern continent; when we remember that band of
patriots who assembled 111 Independence Hall, and
declared that we were free andmdependent States,
and, sword in hand, maintained that declaration,
and won for themselves, not only liberty, but un-
dying renown; when we pass 111 review the battle-
fields of the Revolution, until the crowning vic-
tory of W ashmgton over Cornwallis at Y orkto wn;
and, sir, passing from the contemplation of all this
to the convention that framed the Constitution of
the United States, beholding the survivors of that
perilous revolutionary struggle calling upon the
Author of all good to aid them in their deliberations,
considering together for months the mode and
manner of best preserving that liberty that was
so dearly bought, and then, sir, to see the great
charter of our rights coming from that patriotic
source, all the patriotic emotions of the heart
swell up, and prompt us to venerate, to love, and
cherish it.
Mr. Clerk, I stand here to-day to speak in be-
half of the Constitution of the United States; not
ok a southern man, but as an American citizen.
Upon its faithful enforcement depend the rights
of all sections, and, I may add, the preservation
of the Union. Itis the Constitution that breathes
life into the Union, that animates it; without the
Constitution, the Union would be dead. It is as
a dead corpse when the Constitution is disre-
garded. Let us look to the principles of parties
as represented 011 this floor, and discover, if we
can, what party regards the Constitution. I shall
endeavor to show that the Abolition party are
