1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
think that anybody can say that this city is graded
in many of its parts, as yet, with any degree of
certainty. Shall it be impossible for the public
ever again to grade those streets; shall it be im-
possible for Congress and the corporation to grade
these streets without knowing but that they are
giving rise to some monstrous extravagant claim
for damages? Shall we put the Government of
the United States at the mercy of parties who
have joint-interests here, to puff up each other's
property, and to exaggerate the amount of dam-
age done ? Do we not all know what is the result
of these things? There was a little island on the
Potomac which some company owned—X believe
the case has been referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary; I have never examined the details; I
do not know its merits; but I know this, that for
the uses and advantages of the water of the Po-
tomac, on land which the Government bought,
there is a claim before us, of how much I do not
know; but a jury ofinquestofthe neighborhood,
on account of the alleged damages done to the ri-
parian proprietors, for an acre or two of ground on
the Potomac river, miles away from Washington,
awarded $150,000. Their property was not taken;
but for the damage done to their riparian rights, by
the diminution of the volume of water, $150,000
were assessed by the jury for damages against the
Government. What protection is there? What
need of our going beyond the regular established
rulesoflaw? Why more in Washington than in
any other city of the Union, give the owner of
property the right to claim from the Government,
either the corporation or the General Government,
damages of this character?
The decisions of your courts are here in every
State of the Union. In every State where this
question has arisen, the courts have held that this
is one of the contingencies to which the owners
of property are liable. The courts ha\o every-
where held that neither the municipal corpora-
tions nor the States are bound for these damages;
thatit isanincidentof the ownership of property,
like many other incidents which render its own-
ership sometimes less valuable and less conve-
nient than at others. Now, in this veiy case I
have before me the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States. Suit was brought against
the corporation of Washington. The court does
not alone hold that this is not a legal right, but it
gives reasons showing that them is no equity for
the claim. After first determining, at the suit of
Anne C. Smith, that the corporation had a ri lu
to change the grades, thoy examine the question
of damages, and they say:
" Having pei Council this tui-t confided to them by the
Jaw, uccoidijig to the best oi then judgment and diseuMiou,
without exceeding the jmi-dietiou and authority vested in
them as agents of the* public, and on land dedicated to
public use for the puipo-u-s of a highway, the> have not
acted 1 unlawfully or wiorigin!!} as charged 111 the decla-
ration They have not tiesprissed on the plaintiff's piop-
erty, nor erected a nuisance ittjunous to if, and arc, con-
sequently, not liable to daimiges where1 thev have com-
mitted no wrong, but have iiilliiled a dutv imposed on them
by law as agents of the public. The plaintiff may have
suffered inconvenience and li.ivc been put to expense in
conscqucnce ot such action ; yet, us the act of dcieudants
is not' unlawful or wrongful,' thoy are not hound to make
any recompense. It is what the law styles 'damnum abs-
que injuria.1 Private mteic>ts must yield to public ac-
commodation*, one cannot huild his house on the top of a
hill in the midst of a city, ami icqiure the giade of the street
to conform to his convenience, at the expense ot that of the
public."—Smith, v.*. Cotporation of Wct&lunizton, llou-urd'b
Reports, vol. 20, p. 148.
Now, sir, in a city, the surface of which is so
irregular as that of the city of Washington, where
it is obvious, on first inspection, that the grades
must constantly change (o conform to the public
convenience, it is evident that anybody who buys
property, buys with his eye to the possible dimi-
nution of its value by a change of grades. He
gives less for it for that reason, anticipating all
the contingencies that may occur. He bays,'*ih;s
property is worth so niu-;h; it would be worth
more if I were sure that the grade would never
be changed; but inasmuch as power exists in the
municipal corporation to change the grade s tor
the purpose of subserving the public convenience,
and as they may take it into their heads to change
this grade, I shall have to pay something; it may
cost me some money to conform my property to
the new grade, and therefore I will give less for
it now." Every pi udent man who foresees these
things,-must foresee them in a city whose surface
is not a dead level". Therefore, to pay money
now, after the property has been injured by a
change of grade, is paying it to the detriment of
the former prudent proprietor, who, having fore-
seenthis danger, sold for less than he would other-
wise have Jbld for. The present proprietor would,
in point of fact, be making a speculation out of
the public; because, if aprudent person, (and for
these alone laws are made,) he ought to have fore-
seen the possibility of this change of grade, and
taken that into consideration in giving his price
for the property. It is true, the grade was for-
merly fixed; but from the very nature of things,
from the aspect of the city, from its surface,every-
body must have known, who bought property
which was not on a level, that the grades were
liable to be changed; that there was a power some-
where that could change these grades; and I think
it is too late now to ask us to*pay these damages.
The Senate will observe, that if we once, upon
that principle, pay, if we agree now to admit the
equity of the principle, where will you stop ? How
far back will you go? How many years back will
you go? Suppose the grades wene once fixed: how
were those who bought, even before the grades
were fixed, to kuowhowyou were going to make
your grades when you did fix them? There must
have been some grade existing at the time every-
body bought property. There was a grade ex-
isting from the very foundation of the city—the
natural grade. It was a grade that might be
changed 7 and was not intended by anybody to be
so fixed that it could not possibly be improved
afterwards. Therefore, you must go back to the
very foundation of the city to do exact justice to
all,"if you allow damages to anybody to-day.
I think the claim is a dangerous one, the claim
is an inequitable one. I do not see the basis in
natural justice for it. It is admitted by the com-
mittee that it is not a legal claim, and I trust the
Senate will not give any foundation for it as an
( appeal to equity. It does not possess any to my
mind. I do not feel it as an equitable claim that
would be just against me as an individual, or as
an equitable claim against the public. If there
be any equity in the claim, however, the equity
is against the corporation, not against the Gov-
ernment of the United States. "Why should the
citizens of Mississippi and Louisiana pay dam-
ages to the inhabitants of the city of Washington,
because, for the convenience of the citizens of
Washington, the streets of the city am differently
graded? On that principle, I can sec no basis
whatever. If the Senator chooses, at the request of
citizens of the District, to introduce a law making
it incumbent on the corporation, when it changes
a grade, to make every citizen whole by paying
him damages—if the people of this District want
that—1 do not know that I should make any ob-
jection to it; but on principle, I should very cer-
tainly object to its being saddled on the public
Treasury.
Mr. BROWN. I wish my very learned and
eloquent and esteemed friend, the Senator from
Louisiana, would not criticise bills which I intro-
duce until he has taken the trouble to read them.
The bill itself answers nine tenths of his objec-
tions. This bill is based on this principle, which
is the mud-sill of the whole proposition: that
whereas the grades were originally fixed and es-
tablished by the survey ordered and afterwards
approved, put upon the record, and then Con-
gress, by its own direct act, interposed and caused
them to be changed, damages are only to be as-
sessed in such cases.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
suggest that there is no quorum present?
Mr. BROWN. I do not care; I am not speak-
ing to a quorum.
Mr. GREEN. Do you not intend to pass the
bill? You cannot do that without a quorum.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that theie is not
a qudiuin, and I do not intend to give way to as-
certain that fact, at least until I reply to the speech
of the Senator from Louisiana. The bill does not
propose to pay damages, except in those isolated
cases whore they result from the direct order of the
Government. Where Congress orders a change
of the grades, and m making that change indi-
vidual damage is inflicted, the Government is
equitably responsible; and why? As the report
grates, the Government sold the land to the indi-
vidual propnetor. It sold it under an implied
contract that it tievei wuuld make guides in front
of the particular house or lots, beyond so many
feet. It was a positive contract, because the sur-
vey had been made, had been approved, and had
been put regularly upon file. Now let me ask the
Senator from Louisiana this question: suppose
I sell him a lot of ground adjoining my own
premises, and enter into a contract with him that
I never will dig a ditch on the line more than three
feet deep, and I afterwards, in the exercise of my
right of proprietorship, dig a ditch twenty feet
deep, would I not, in such a case, be responsible
to him in an action of damages—in a legal action ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, I admit that; and if
there is any contract, as the Senator says, then
the law gives a remedy.
Mr. BROWN. The law gives no remedy
against the Government; because the Govcrnmen t
has not recognized its responsibility, because it
is sovereign. What I want you to do is to open
the courts of the country to legal suits for damages
like this, and declare that you will not protect
yourself behind the principle that the sovereign is
not legally responsible for its action.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Iam willing to do that; but
I understand this bill does not do that.
Mr. BROWN. The bill does not so dcclare
in terms, but that is the effect of it. It puts the
Government in the precise attitude that I would
stand towards the Senator from Louisiana in a
like case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing to do that.
Mr. BROWN. It does nothing more, nothing
less. The Government sold the lots; the Gov-
ernment sold the ground to those persons whose
houses you see stuck up all around us here on
high peaks. You put the money in the Treas-
ury, and did it, I assert again, under a contract
that the grade should be thus and so. The re-
port which accompanies the bill says that, for
grades made in accordance with the original sur-
vey, no damages shall be awarded. The Govern-
ment is responsible only for changing the grades
in such a manner as to injure private property.
I supposed the case of two proprietors adjoining,
one of them selling to the other under a contract
not to dig ditches in front of his premises beyond
a certain depth, and then violating his contract
and digging them five or six or seven times as
deep, because that is the Government's case. I
tell you all these buildings here in sight of the
Capitol, which you can look out upon at any
moment when you go to the windows, weie built
originally according; to the survey approved, filed -
away, recorded. The Government then, for its
own convenience, or for its own profit, went and
graded the streets twenty feet below that original
survey, thus ruining these private proprietors. I
say that in a case of that sort the Government
stands equitably in the same attitude that I should
stand towards the Senator from Louisiana if I
thus treated him. No court would icfuse to award
damages against me; and if the Government will
acknowledge its responsibility, no enlightened
court will ever refuse to award damages against
the Government.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no desire to debate
the subject any further; but I wish to call the at-
tention of my friend from Mississippi to the fact
that his bill is not what he states it to be. The
bill provides that any person who has been in-
jured by the grading of a street may bring suit
against the Government, before the Court of
Claims; but it docs not go on and say that the
Court of Claims may thereupon inquire into the
liability of the Government, and, if the Govern-
ment is found to be legally liable, assess damages;
but provides that any man may go before the
Court of Claims and allege damages; and if he
prove damage, the Government shall pay the dam-
age. In fact, the report made by the Senator pro-
ceeds on the theory of changing the principles of
the law. It admits the absence of legal liability,
but says it would be just to pay them. I do not
think it would be If the object is to allow the
Government to be sued for these damages, upon
the principles of law and equity, as administered
in courts, I am willing to let the Government be
sued at any time. T am m favor of that principle
always, with proper guards for its defense; but
to create a liability, as this bill docs, when none
previously existed, I am certainly not willing to
allow.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until Saturday next,
with a view of going into executive session.
The motion was agreed to.
