2420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying the immediate enact-
ment of the bill now before Congress for the in-
crease of duties on imports ana for the adjust-
ment of theaccrued debt of the country represented
by Treasury notes; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of resi-
dents and property holders of the seventh ward
in the city of Washington, praying the improve-
ment of B street «outh; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. KING presented the petition of James
Baldwin and others, praying tnat pensions may
be allowed the surviving soldiers of the war of
1812, and the widows of those deceased; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Anne W. Angus;which
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Henry
Rice, praying that the amount of two bonds given
by him for the payment of duties on goods im-
Sorted into Castinc while in possession of the
ritish during the last war with Great Britain,
and paid, may be refunded; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance,
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the petitions of Henry Ricr* and others,
praying the remission of ceitam duties paid by them on
goods imported into Castine during the occupancy thereof
by the British during the late wai, on the files of the Sen-
ate, be referred to the Committee o  Finance.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of A. S. Baldwin, a lieu-
tenant in the Navy, who was placed on the reserved list,
praying to be restored to his former position on the activc-
servicc list, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is upon
the table of the President the Senate homestead
bili, which has been returned from the House of
Representatives, and has been here, I think, about
two weeks. I ask that the bill may be taken up
for reference, or for some other disposition. It
ought to be disposed of-, and I propose to refer it
to the Committee on Public Lands, or to give it
such other direction as the Senate may choose.
Mr. BROWN. If it is to be referred without
debate, 1 have no objection; but I cannot yield
the morning business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have a right
to make the motion, because the bili comes from
the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is in
order.
Mr. GREEN. Not until after we get through
reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is in
order ut any time after the Journal is read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the
Senate will take it up and dispose of it.
Mr. WADE. I would inquire of the Senator
from Arkansas what necessity there is for refer-
ring it to a committee ? If 1 understand it, the
amendment of the House is barely to substitute
their bill for our bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let us take it
up, and determine what we shall do.
Mr. BIGLER. Let us take it up, and vote.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 416) securing homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the public domain, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move, then,
as it does not call for any debate at all, and the
Senate ha.j already acted on the only points of
difference between these measures, that we dis-
agree to the House amendment.
The House bill come here, and, with many
other bills on the same subject, was referred to
the Committee on Public. Lands; and all those bills
were reported against, and anew bill submitted
to the Senate. That bili went to the House, and
there they have stricken out all after the enacting
clause, and have simply inserted in its place the
original bill that first came from the House to the
Senate, and on which we acted before. There is
no occasion for discussion. I move that the Sen-
ate disagree to the House amendment; and I trust
there will be no,debate.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senate will concur in
the amendment of the House, but I do not wish
to argue it for a moment. As the Senate is now
very thin, and as I should like to have a full vote
on this question, I shall move to make the subject
the order of the day for some particular day,
when we may take the vote upon it, and every-
body that wishes to vote on it may have an op-
portunity to do so. I will name Thursday next
as the time when we shall take the vote. I be-
lieve there will be no debate upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ator if he does not know, after the action that has
taken place here, distinctly, that there is a clear
majority of this body against thehomcstead bill as
it came from the House, and in favor of th^ Sen-
ate bill. Does not the Senator know that, I ask
him in all frankness?
Mr .WADE. 1 know that when it was upbefore,
and I made the motion to substitute the House
bill for the Senate bill, it was rejected; but I hope
they have reflected and repented of that act by
this time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Does not the
Senator feel now that he knows that distinctly?
Mr. WADE. Oh, no; I do not know anything
about it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then the only
reason is that the Senator does not want to know
it. We can put this matter in great confusion;
and if it is the disposition on the other side of the
House to kill this bill, I can assure him this side
of the House do not care much. I am aware of
that; but I know that it is an important bill for
the public interests, and that it ought to be passed
for the benefit of the very people whom that side
of the House have professed a strong dgsire to
serve. I suggest to the Senate that we merely
disagree to the amendment, and let the bill go
back to the House. Then, if the House will not
ask for a committee of conference, there is nothing
to be done, unless they recede, but to let the bill
fall and be dead. If the House ask for a confer-
ence, we can grant it at once, without consuming
here the time that ought to be given to other sub-
jects, and the case will be readily disposed of, and
in a manner fair for all sides. Your record is
made up, and so is ours. I hope the Senate will
let the vote be taken on the question of disagree-
ment.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to delay it one
moment, for, like the Senator from Arkansas, 1
wish to see it decided; but I know that there arc
some Senators who would like to vote upon it
who are not here now, and I should like to post-
pone it a little for them; but I am not very par-
ticular about it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That will al-
ways be the case; but they will get a chance to
vote before it is finally disposed of.
Mr. WADE. I will name to-morrow morning,
then. I do not suppose there will be any debate.
I suppose all we want is a vote. [u Say Thurs-
day."] On Thursday there will, perhaps, be a
fuller Senate; but I am not particular about the
day.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The motion
before us is to disagree to the House amendment,
I believe fhere can be no amendment to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio, as the Chair understands, has made a mo-
tion to postpone. That is in order,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let us vote it
down.
Mr. RICE. I am fearful, Mr. President, that
if this measure be postponed we shall not reach it
again. I desire, therefore, to ask whether it is
not in order now to move that the Senate disagree
to the pfouse bill, and ask for a committee of con-
ference ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Itis not in our
place to do that in the regular order.
Mr. RICE. I thought, if such a motion was
in order, it would expedite the matter by the Sen-
ate asking for a conference now. We ha\e but
a few days of the session left, probably, and the
pressure of business on both Houses is very great.
Mr. WADE. I merely pro'pose to have the
bill delayed for a day, so that some Senators who
wish to vote upon it may have an opportunity to
do so. I do not care much about it myself, for I
suppose the result will be one way.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arknasas. I am glad to
hear the Senator take that ground, and I hope we
shall have the vote.
Mr. WADE. I have made the motion on be-
half of those who are absent; but I withdraw it,
and now I move that we recede from the Senate
bill and concur in the House amendment.
Mr. HUNTER You do not want to recede.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Ohio takes precedence of the mo-
tion of the Senator from Arkansas, theChairsup-
poses. The Senator from Ohio moves that the
Senate agree to the amendment of the House,
which is to strike out ail after the enacting clause
of this bill, and insert the original House bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Has that pre-
cedence of the motion I made ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the present
impression of the Chair, as it ends the bill.
Mr. GREEN. A motion to refer takes prece-
dence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no
tion to refer pending.
Mr. GREEN. 1 move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the
Senator will not insist on that motion.
Mr. GREEN. Very well, I withdraw it.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state that it is usual,
when the chairmen of committees are endeavor-
ing to settle their bills by a conference, to let them
manage them in their own way. Let us take a
vote on this motion; and if that fails, then let the
Senator from Arkansas move that we disagree to
the House amendment, and ask for a conference.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
modify his decision made just now. These mo-
tions, the Chair thinks, on reflection, are equiva-
lent motions, and perhaps the motion of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, being first made, must be
first put.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I claim
the first vote on the motion to disagree.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is,
that the Senate disagree to the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. Was not the motion to dis-
agree, and ask for a conference?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think it is
the part of the House to ask for a conference; it
is not for us to propose it at this stage.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 20; as follows: *
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Clingman, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gvvin, Hammond,
Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson
of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Mallory, Nichol-
son, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Slideil,
Toombs, and Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Coilamcr, Dixon, Doolittle,Fessenden, Foot, Crimes, Ilale,
Hamlin, King, Riee, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment of the House was disagreed
to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. FITZPATRICK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 475) for the establishment and authenti-
cation of wills in the District of Columbia; which
was retid twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary-.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred a
memorial of inhabitants of the village of Little
Falls, New York, remonstrating against a change
ifi the patent laws, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, Aom the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 424) to promote the
progress of the useful arts, reported it without
amendment, and asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred a
