1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■Wl
utterly unmindful of their constitutional obliga-
tions to it, and steeped m treason.
A brief history of the slavery question may not
be amiss at this point. It is well known that, at
the time of the enunciation of the Declaration ctf
Independence, slavery existed in all the colonies.
At the time of the formation of the Constitution
of the United States, slavery existed in all the
States except one, (Massachusetts,) which State
had then provided for the abolition of slavery
within its limits; and the owners of slaves in
that State sold them to the people living further
South, and the institution gradually ceased to
exist in all the New England States and all the
States north of Delaware, and was prohibited by
the ordinance of 1787 in all the territory north-
west of the Ohio riv^r. And itis worthy of remark,
in this conncction, that the people of the North
sold their slaves to the people of the South* and
received their full value; and be it forever remem-
bered that the fathers of those who clamor so
fiercely now for freedom for the slaves, did not
free their own slaves; those who made the Decla-
ration of Independence did not understand the
undying principles of liberty, as therein set forth,
to apply to slaves. No, sir; that discovery was
reserved for their less patriotic and more fanatical
descendants; and the men of the North to-day-
have the money of the southern people in then-
pockets, ships and factories, merchandise and
palaces, received as the prroc of men they sold
into slavery; and, before they talk to us of gen-
erosity and freedom, they should themselves at
least be just enough to us to pay back the price
paid to them for a people about whose liberty
they now so insincerely and hypocritically rant
in the pulpit and in the forum.
No sooner had these "northern brethren" of
ours sold us their slaves and received from us our
money m payment for them, than they frmne-
diately commenced a system of agitation and ag-
gression upon our rights. I will not go further
back into this controversy, so full of wrong and
aggression upon the rights of the southern section
of the Union, than 1820. It was at that time, for
political power—as has been so eloquently and
forcibly stated and proved by the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Pryor]—that the
Abolitionists at the North, in direct and palpable
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
excluded slavery from all the territory north of the
line of 36° 30' belonging to the United States. This
was as unjust as it was unconstitutional and de-
grading to the people of the South; but for the sake
of peace and for the love of the Union, winch has
ever been dear to the heart of the southern people,
our fathers submitted to it; and their children,
their descendants, were willing to have submitted
to it for all time to come. Wc made repeated
efforts to extend the line to our western limit, and
as repeatedly failed. Only one will be noticed.
After we had, by the treaty of Gaudalupe
Hidalgo, acquired California, we endeavored to
extend the line west to the Pacific ocean. The
southern people, or a large portion of them, at
the Nashville convention, in 1850, made the de-
mand that the line should be so extended, and the
North, by their representatives in this House and
in the Senate, refused to make the extension; and
then the people of the South demanded that m the
future organization of Territories the constitu-
tional principle of non-interference should be
established. It was in 1850 applied successfully
in the bills organizing the territorial governments
for Utah and New Mexico, and to this constitu-
tional principle the South then was willing, and
is now willing, to abide forever: that is, "non-
interference by Congress with slavery in State
and Territory, or in the District of Columbia."
The bills for organizing these Territories formed
a part of the compromise measures of 1850; and
by the principle contained therein, the States at
the South, some in State convention, and all, per-
haps, in party conventions, declared they could
abide without dishonor. This was the principle
for which the South contended in 1820; and, after
suffering under the Missouri restriction for thirty
years, it was, m effect, removed, and the con-
stitutional principle of non-interference restored;
and the Missouri restriction was then, to all intents
and purposes, repealed; for the whole of the Ter-
ritory of Utah and much of the Territory of New
Mexico is north of the line 36^ 30'.
The principle was recognized in 1852, by all the
existing parties in the United States, except, per-
haps, the more rabid Abolitionists. In 1854, Con-
gress passed what is commonly called the Ne-
braska-Kansas bill, containing t&e same principle;
and, in express terms, (doing what really had been
done before, in 1850, by plain implication,) re-
pealed the Missouri restriction. No sooner was
this last bill passed, and in fact before its passage,
agitation commenccd at the North. The hypo-
critical clergy, in connection with many unprin-
cipled politicians, began the work, the last act of
which, before our assemblage at the Capitol, was
the foray of John Brown at Harper's Ferry.
Mr. Clerk, it ought not to be forgotten—and I
desire it to go to every voter in the Union; let it
be sounded from this Capitol, reechoed among the
mountains, and let it traverse the valleys of this
great Republic—that this act, the repeal of which
has raised such a howl at the North, and, as we
are informed, has sent to this branch of the na-
tional Legislature over one hundred members,
was itself nugatory and void, being a plain and
palpable violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, as has been solemnly adjudged by the
highest judicial tribunal in the land—the Supreme
Court of the United States—by their unanimous
judgment.
Thus it will be seen that a large party in this
Government, that seeks to control it in all its de-
partments, has grown and strengthened by op-
posing and agitating the repeal of an unconstitu-
tional law. Honorable gentlemen say continually
they are for the Constitution and the law; yet they
rave themselves hoarse over the repeal of an un-
constitutional act. With men whose minds are
thus constituted it i« vain to reason; and, sir, not
the least wonderful matter connected with this is
the fact, that Millard Fillmore, who, under his
oath, gave his assent to the bill organizing the
, Territory of "Washington, that was entirely north
| of the line known as the Missouri line, which
1 plainly, by implication, repealed the restriction—
! it is amazing that he should afterwards affirm that
j the repeal of this restriction was the "Pandora's
! boxv out of which all the evils that afflict the
eountiy spiang; but stranger, if possible, it is,
that southern men can be found who will rccclio
that sentiment. After the decision of the Supreme
Court m the Dred Scott case—the Supreme Court
say that the act is not warranted by the Consti-
tution, and is therefore void—what southern man
will rise here in his place and say now that the
repeal was Pandora's box? Who will stand be-
fore the gaze of a southern constituency and say
that he ^s willing that the people of the South
i should be deprived of the right to carry their slaves
into the Terr i* nes of tlie United States, by the
passage of a law in violation of the American Con-
stitution? If there be one, let him speak. [No
response.]
When the proposition was made to strike this
unconstitutional law from the statute-book, by
express terms, sir, who was found at the South to
aid the people of the South ? The Whig party was
then in existence, that only two years before had
approved the compromise measures in their Balti-
more platform, which contained this same prin-
ciple. The Abolition party then existed at the
North, and so did the Democratic party; and all
had representatives in both Houses of Congress;
and no one was found from the North who would
vote to remove from the statute-book this uncon-
stitutional law, outside of the Democratic party.
From the Abolition party no vote was looked for;
and it was alike in vam that southern Whigs ap-
pealed to their northern Whig brethren. No Whig
from the North could be found m this greatensis to
vote with the friends of the Constitution; and thus
it was found that the Whig party was essentially
sectionahzed and denationalized, and given over
to free-soil and free-soil influence. How was it
with the northern Democrats ? Forty-four in the
House, and fourteen m the Senate, voted for the
bill, and it became the law of the land. Upon the
passage of this bill, the Republican party at the
North began to agitate;, and it is a fact known
to every one at all conversant with history, that
opposition to the repeal of this unconstitutional
Missouri line was one of the chief elements upon
which it grew and flourished.
To procced with tfiis history of slavery agita-
tion: I have said, sir, that the Republican party
were opposed to the Constitution. I have already
shown how they stood upon the repeal of the Mis-
souri restriction; let us look" at their platform,
adopted in June, 1856, at Philadelphia:
^Resolved, That, with our republican father?, we hold it
to be a self evident truth that ail men arc endowed with
the inalienable right of liberty and the pursuit of happiness,
and that the primary object and ulterior design of oar Fed-
eral Government were to secure [grantj these rights to all
persons under its exclusive- jurisdiction; that, as our re-
publican fathers, when they had abolished slavery in. all our
national territory, ordamed that no person shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law, it
becomes our dutv to maintain this provision of their Con-
stitution against all attempts to violate it for the purpose of
establishing slavery in the Territories of the United States,
by positive legislation piolubiting its existence or extension
therein. That we deny the authority of Congress, of a Tcrri
lortal Legislature, tfany individual, or association of zndivid-
vals, to give legal existence to slavery inany Territory of the ,
United States, while the present Constitution shall be mam-
taincA.
Resolved, That the Constitution confers upon Congress
sovereign power over the Territories of the United States for
! their government; and that in the exercise of this power it
is both the right and the duty of Congress to prohibit m the
Territories those twin relics of barbarism—polygamy and.
slavery."
They say in that platform that itis their duty,
by positive legislation, to prohibit the existence
of slavery, if it does exist, and its extension, in
the Territories of the United States. The Supreme
Court say that they have no such power under the
Constitution. So far, they take ground plainly
against the Constitution. They deny that the peo-
ple of a Territory, when they come to form a con-
stitution preparatory for admission as a State into
the Union, have the right to establish slavery for
themselves. Thus they deny the fundamental
principle of free government-—that the people have
the right to form their own domestic institutions;
and again claim the power of Congress to prohibit
slavery, in the face of the Constitution, and the
decision of the highest judicial tribunal in the land
to the contrary. They say that the Constitution
j confers upon Congress sovereign power over sla-
I very in the Territories, and that it is both the light
| and duty of Congress to prohibit slavery therein.
' The Supreme Court declare Congress has no such
power. Thus, their whole platform in reference
to slavery is in direct violation of the Constitution:
No pnrson held to service nr labor in one State, under
the laws theieof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation theiein, bedischaiged from
such service or Iaboi,but shall be delivered up on claim of
the patty to whom such service or iabor may be due."
The Constitution declares that fugitives from
service or labor shall be delivered up upon claim
of the person to whom such service or labor is
due. What, sir, is the practice of this party? Is
j there one member out of one hundred Black Re-
| publicans on this floor that will aid theowner to
] recapture his fugitive slave? If so, let him speak.
i Congress has passed a law which, if it could be
! enforced, is quite sufficient for the reclamation of
j fugitives from labor; but how is it enforced ? The
Legislatures of several (I think eleven) of the non-
slaveholding States have passed laws rendering
it almost impossible to recapture fugitive slaves;
and, in cases where the owner will run the risk
and the expense, by mobs and non-action, masterly
inactivity, as was stated by the gentleman from
Illinois,[Mr. Farnsworth,] the ownerisdeprived
of his rights; and if he does not take the place of
the runaway negro, he is put in jail or the peni-
tentiary; and, if he has the spirit of a man, he
loses liis life. Thus this plain provision of the
Constitution is set at nought.
Wimi\m H. Sf/waiw, who is the high priest
of the Republican party, looked up to as a leader,
while Governor of New York, not only refused
to obey this plain duty under the law, and this
! plain injunction of the Constitution he had sworn
' to support, in relation to the delivery of fugitive
slaves, but absolutely refused to deliver up a negro-
thief—one who had stolen a negro m Virginia—as
was his duty, by virtue of this same section of the
Constitution, upon the ground that there could be
no property in man. How many of the Repuh-
! lican members on this floor disagree with Mr.
Seward? If any,let him speak. [No response.]
What else do we hear stated upon the iloor of
the American Congress? Why, sir, that, in the
northern States, there is what is called the under-
ground railroad; and I want the whole people of
the United States to know it and understand it.
it And what, sir. is this underground railroad r An
!j association of men to steal, secrete, feed, and sup
j! rcgroes through the northern States to Canada
It from the South. One gentleman on this floor
II alluded to it; and. I think, smiled—I am not ccr-
