1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2421
memorial of the Legislature of Mississippi, pray-
ing the cession of certain public lands, to aid in
the construction of the Gulf and Ship Island rail-
road, reported adversely thereon, and asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of the president of the
Gulf and Ship Island Railroad Company, praying
a grant of land to aid in the construction of that
road, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Senate directing
the committee to inquire into the expediency of
making provision for running and marking the
forty-sixth parallel of latitude, so far as said par-
allel is the boundary line between the State of
Oregon and the Territory of Washington, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution directing the committee
to inquire into the expediency of ceding to the
States respectively, all the public lands within
their limits, which have remained, or shall here-
after remain, unsold for five years after the price
has boon graduated to the lowest standard, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of the District of Columbia, praying
that Boundary street, in Washington city, may
be opened, and its name changed to that of Wis-
consin avenue, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Washington
and Georgetown, praying that the bill to prohibit
the issue of bank notes by corporations, associa-
tions, or individuals, within the District of Co-
lumbia, and further to prevent the circulation of
bank notes issued by any incorporated company
or association of individuals, located beyond the
limits of the District of Columbia, of a less de-
nomination than twenty dollars, may not become
a law, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the select
committee on the subject; which was agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 521) to incorporate
the East Washington Library Association, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 422) for
the relief of Jethro Bonney, of the State of New
York, reported it without amendment, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of George W.
Flood, a laborer in the office of the Topographical
Engineers, praying for the difference between
what he has received as laborer, and the com-
pensation of a first-class clerk, while he was per-
forming a clerk's duty, reported a bill (S. No.
473) for the relief of George W. Flood; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a memorial of cit-
izens of Washington city, praying an examination
and settlement of the claims of J. W. Nye, for
furnishing horses and carryalls for the House of
Representatives, for macadamizing Pennsylvania
avenue,and for improving*alotof public ground,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
474) to provide for the payment of the claim of
J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and
Hugh Stewart. The bill was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 430) for the relief of the heirs of
Jonathan Skinner, deceased, reported it without
amendment.
IIENRY RICE.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimousconsent,
and agiced to:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be directed to return
to til" Senate tin; paper.} in the case of Henry Rice, referred
to the court on the 7th of December, 1858.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. GREEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimousconsent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making appropriations
to complete the capitoj and penitentiary of Washington
Territory, and to report by bill or otherwise. «
POST ROUTES IN GEORGIA.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route and piovkling for a weekly matJ
from Valdosta, Georgia, via Hahira, lilrry Wells,andAva,
to Moultrie, the county seat of Colquitt county, and back.
ENROLLED RILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 49) to grant the right of preemp-
tion to a certain tract of land in the State of Mis-
souri, to the heirs and legal representatives of
Thomas Maddin, deceased;
A bill (S. .No. 52) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast;
A bill (S. N. 65) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
McCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, assistant quartermaster United States
Army;
A bill (S. No. 260) for the relief of Mrs. Agatha
O'Briefi, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien,
late of the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 5) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending June 30, 1861; and
A joint resolution (S.No.8) relating to the claim
of George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had approved and signed,
on the J Gth of May, the following act and reso-
lution:
An act (H. R. No. 661) to furnish additional
mail facilities; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 15) for the relief
of Thomas C. Ware.
He also approved and signed, on the 24th of
May, an act (H. R. No. 44!)) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1860.
He also approved and signed, on the 25th of
May, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 695) for the relief of Ase-
nath M. Elliott, widow of Captain Edward G.
Elliott; and
An act (II. R. No. 702) making appropriations
for the construction of certain military roads in
the Territory of Washington.
Ho also approved and signed, oil the 26th of
May, the following acts:
An act (II. II. No. 4) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861, and for other purposes;
An act (II. R. No, 239) for the relief of George
P. Brott;
An act (H. R. No. 639) to settle the titles to
certain lands set apart for the use of certain half-
breed Kansas Indians, in Kansas Territory; and
An act (H. R. No. 706) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States, in conjunction with the
State of California, to run and mark the bound-
ary lilies between the territories of the United
States and the State of California.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
The message further announced that the House
yesterday, at four o'clock and twenty-five min-
utes, ordered the printing of the proceedings of
the Board of Trade of the city of Chicago, Illi-
nois, on the subject of the reciprocity treaty as
Connected with the interests of the West and
Northwest.
PUBLIC SCIIOOLS OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 520) directing the conveyance of a lot of
ground for the use of the public schools of the
city of Washington, have directed me lo report
it back, with an amendment. This is the same
bill which the Senate passed some time ago. The
House took up their own bill, "which was an ex-
act copy of the Senate bill, and in the printing they
made a mistake, leaving out the word " three.
1 am instructed by the committee, in that state of
the case, to ask that the bill may be disposed of
this morning; and I move, therefore, tfiat it be
taken up ana acted on at once.
There beingno objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It directs the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to convey to the corporation of the city of
Washington, in the District of Columbia,-all the
right, title, and interest of the United States in
and to that certain piece or parcel of land marked
and designated upon the map of the city as lot
No. 14, in square two hundred and fifty, for the
use of the public schools, and for no other pur-
pose; but this lot is not to be sold, assigned, or
conveyed, or diverted, by the corporation, for any
other-purpose than the one contemplated by this
act.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill, with an amendment in line nine,
after the word "fifty," to insert the word " three;"
so that it will read: "in square numbered two
hundred and fifty-three," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The hill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to bo read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
TRANSFER OF CHURCH PROPERTY.
Mr. BROWN. I am also instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 463) concerning the
conveyance of places of public worship in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to reportit back, without amend-
ment. This bill is also one of about ten lines 
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to refer some papers
before any more bills are passed.
Mr. BROWN. I was about to say—I have a
right to say that; it is part of the report from the
committee—that it is a very short bill, of about ten
lines. Some of the congregations are exceedingly
anxious to make the transfer of their own prop-
erty, contemplated by that bill; and I ask tnat it
be disposed of now. It will not take a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi asks unanimous consent to consider
the bill just reported from the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. MALLORY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to Senators that, as it is approaching the close
of the session, the Senate is falling into great dis-
order. The Chair will adhere rigidly to this rule:
he will recognize the Senator who rises and ad-
dresses the Chair after the particular matter in
hand has been concluded, and not Senators who
stand upon their feet waiting for the floor.
CIIAKLES II. MASON.
Mr. GREEN. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Territories, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 189) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of the estate of Charles H. Mason, to
report it back without amendment. They have
unanimously agreed to it. Itis a House bill, and
1 ask for its present consideration. It will give
rise to no debate at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri asks the present consideration of the
bill just reported from his committee. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it at this time.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope that we shall not
proceed to the consideration of bills until we dis-
pose of the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered.
Mr. GREEN subsequently said: I move that
the Senate now consider the bill for the relief of
the legal represeneatives of Charles H. Mason.
It is a very little thing. He is dead, and it be-
longs to his heirs, and I really think it ought to
pass. If it will give rise to any debate whatever
I will not press it.
Mr. IVERSON. Is it a House bill?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I must object to it. The
Senate will consider all House bills before they
adjourn.
Mr. GR.EEN. Very well. If there will be no
difficulty about passing it, it does not make any
difference. Let it go upon the Calendar.
