APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 8,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Union, Patriotism, and Peace—Mr. Morris.
Ho. 01? Reps.
yielded to their just and moderate demands. But
if we did not yield, what then? Why, Brown
said he would kill our people, and butcher our
women and children. Seward said:
<k Whether that consummation shall be allowed to take
effect with needful and wise precautions against sudden
change and disaster, or be liumed on by violence, is a 1
that remains tor you [tlie people of the South] to decide.
This is the very language of John Brown.
Whether we will allow it to be done quietly or
not, is the only question we are allowed to decide.
We are allowed to decide, but however we de-
cide makes no difference; the thing is to be done,
at all hazards. Virginia has decided, and has
hung the traitor Brown, and will hang the traitor
Seward, if he is found in her borders. [Laugh-
ter.] Virginia has refused to yield, and you have
attempted to force her. She met violence with vio-
lence—has hung your leader, Brown—has stood
upon your borders with her armed men and defied
you, but your clansmen append not to rescue
the traitor.
Mr. KILGORE. There was no disposition
upon the part of anybody at the North to do it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I judge men by
their acts and not by their declarations, as I judge
you by this Helper book.
Mr KILGORE. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman to the first author of this doc-
trine of an " irrepressible conflict."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I cannot yield
for that purpose now.
Mr. KILGORE. I merely want to read a
short extract—an editorial from a leading south-
ern paper.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
will allow mo to say that I am after Seward, and
if that gentleman has any other irrepressible-con-
flict man whom he wishes castigated, he can bring
him forward hereafter. Seward is as much as I
can manage at a time.
If there,were no undiscovered person in this
affair, why did Brown so impressively urge his
known confederates not to betray their friends—
and who are those friends not to be betrayed ?
The testimony, to my mind, shows Seward to
be one.
Mr. Clerk, we nre arming, but not against the
Government; we are arming to put down rebel-
lion against the Government; we are for the Gov-
ernment. The Black Republicans showed their
organized rebellion when they presented Fremont
as a sectional candidate fur the Presidency, as a
representative of their system of free labor in oppo-
sition to our system of slave labor; between which,
they say, exists an irrepressible conflict. In that
act you undertook to seize the Government for
yourselves, in violation of the letter and spirit of
the Constitution. Against that rebellion we in-
tend to act; we mean to put it down even if we
have to do it with the bayonet. And I call upon
the American party to come forward and aid us
in putting down this rebellion. I call upon the
anti-Lecomptomtes to come forward and aid us
in putting down this rebellion. I call upon men
of all parties, of all names, from whatever section
of the country they come, to rally under the stand-
ard ofthe Constitution, under the old flag of our
fathers—under the stars and stripes of our coun-
try to aid in striking clown rebellion that has
grown up in our midst; some of the fruits of which
we have already tasted. Understand, we do not
mean to go out of the Union to whip you; wq
mean to whip you 111 the Union; we mean to crush
out your rebellion in our midst, by the aid of pa-
triotic men Worth, South, East, and West. That
is what we intend. Do not call us disumonists,
at all; that is not our policy. We know what
you are after; you are money-loving people.
[Laughter.] You think we will withdraw, and
leave you in possession of this fine house. [Loud
laughter.] We do not mean to do it. You think
we will leave you the money now in the Treasury;
you think you will get the Navy without cost,
and the Army with arms m their hands. You
are mistaken. We will use the Navy to put down
your rebellion against the Government; we will
use the Army to put it down; and we will hang
the last one of you, unless you return to your
duty. That is what we mean to do. [Roarsof
laughter.] The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Nelson] asks whether we intend to oppose the
inauguration of a Black Republican Speaker of
this House ? We will not, if they keep their hands
off of us. But we hope to defeat such a dire ca-
lamity by the election of a national man, by the
aid of the votes of his party; and we expect, by
the same aid, to 'avert the still greater calamity,
in 1860—the election of William H. Seward.
Mr. Clerk, for our denunciation of the Helper
book, and those who recommend its treasonable
doctrines, we are said to be unnecessarily sensi-
tive. What! is it expected we will remain silent,
while we see a treasonable organization for our
destruction. It advises insurrection. It advises
the non-slaveholding white men of the South to
unite with the negro to commit murder; to kill
their neighbors; slaughter women and children;
declares that the white man South is unworthy
of political, religious, or social association; and
yet gentlemen thmk we should be silent, and these
very men say we have no cause for excitement.
Gentlemen on the other side of this House would
have us regard them as men of straw until they
have silently and surely trammeled us beyond
escape. Sir, we shall listen no longer to their
syren song of peace; we will judge them by their
actions; and we are putting ourselves in readiness
for the worst. The Black Republican party have
from eight to ten million people in its ranks-
fighting people-—'whose ancestors fought well in
the war of the Revolution and in the war with
Mexico. We will not regard them with contempt;
but prepare to settle the great issues involved in
our controversy with them by the arbitrament of
the sword.
Sir, three or four of the gentlemen who certi-
fied the hook say they had not read it, and did
not understand its contents; the other sixty re-
main sullen and silent. None have disavowed its
recommendation. So far as anything has been
said in exculpation, it is a mere denial of knowl-
edge of the contents. Gentlemen must remember
that by the rules of the criminal law the culprit
is not allowed to testify in lus own behalf. If it
were not so, the greatest criminal would escape
punishment. By your silence you indorse the
murderous and revolutionary doctrines uttered by
Helper, and the still more treasonable doctrines
contained 111 the speech of William H. Seward
from which I have been extracting. And 1 charge
to-day, in the face of the nation, that the book
and speech were put forward at the very time
they were to prepare the mind of the non-slave-
holding white man South for the then organized
invasion of Virginia by John Brown.
A Member suggested something about taking
the testimony of members, under oath, in regard
to the Helper book.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Oh, I have so
often had occasion to put men on their oaths, and
have heard them testify falsely so often that 1 do
not like to run the risk of inducing men to com-
mit perjury. I have, therefore, no disposition to
put them upon their oaths.
Mr. Clerk, this book, this speech, admonish
the South of her doom. I will not detain the
House by referring to the ten thousand accumu-
lative evidences of the intention ofthe Black Re-
publican party. Seward is a representative man,
and is the personation ofthe purposes ofthe party.
The object is the emancipation of the slaves. Sir,
I shall not detain you with a presentation of the
devastation which must follow it—the midnight
burning, the cruel tortures, atrocities not to be
named by civilized lips, or heard by civilized ears.
I will not call up, before the imagination of mem-
bers, the South in her dissolution, lying, like a
mighty Leviathan, bleeding at every pore. 1 will
only briefly consider its effects upon the general
prosperity of the people of this country and the
world. Emancipate our slaves, and you extin-
guish property now valued at about four billion
dollars, the great productive wealth of the world.
The labor being destroyed, our land in the South
now worth at least §5,000,000,000, is rendered
unproductive and idle during this generation, and
for generations to come. It is this capital which
lies at the foundation of our present national and
individual prosperity. By it, from four to five
hundred million dollars annually added to the
aggregate wealth of the nation. From it ema-
nates our national prosperity, and it is that which
gives individual prosperity. Destroy it, and you
produce national bankruptcy, and, of conse-
quence, individual bankruptcy. Destroy it, and
you bring famine upon the land—laboring men
will want employment, and be without the means
of procuring support for themselves and fami-
lies.
Now, sir, in view of these calamities, national
and individual, shall this Black Republican war
upon all the interest of mankind be allowed to go
on, or will the nation come to the aid of the na-
tional Democracy in putting down that party?
The storm cloud of anarchy and blood and car-
nage and desolation has gathered darkly over our
country. Its thunders and its lightnings come to-
gether, telling us of its close proximity. Come
Americans, come conservatives, come patriots, let
us stand together and bare our bosoms to its ven-
geance, and live with, or dio for, our country, its
freedom, and its laws.
Gentlemen ofthe Republican party, I warn you.
Present your sectional candidate for I860; elect
him as the representative of your system of labor;
take possession of the Government as the instru-
ment. of your power in this conflict of " irre-
pressible conflict," and we of the South will tear
this Constitution in pieces, and look to our guns
for justice and right against aggression and wrong.
Decide, then, the destinies of this great country.
We are prepared for the decision
UNION, PATRIOTISM, AND PEACE.
SPEECH OF IIONTE. JOY MORRIS,
Or PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House op Representatives,
December 8, 1859,
[revised m himself."*]
On the election of Speaker, and in defense of the North.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, said:
Mr. Clerk: Occupying, as I do, a perfectly
independent political position, I am at liberty, free
from any particular party bias, to vote in the elec-
tion of Speaker, and on all questions which shall
come before the House, when it shall have been
duly organize?!, according to my sense of duty to
the country and my constituents. In such a posi-
tion, 1 do not sympathize with extreme men and
medsuies, on either hand, and shall, as far as pos-
sible, avoid any countenance of, or participation
in, the discussion of topics of an exclusively sec-
tional character, introduced merely to stimulate
party passions, and inflame local prejudices.
As a Representative, Mr. Clerk, of an emi-
nently conservative constituency, I am surprised
to see the deeply exciting question of slavery, the
agitation of which has been so constantly depre-
cated as inflaming the public mind and disturbing
the peace ofthe country, prematurely introduced
here by gentlemen representingslaveholdingcon-
stituencies. Sir, I am opposed to all unnecessary
agitation on the subject. I am willing to meet it
only when it comes before us in the ordinary
action of a legislative body. But I protest against
its being thrust upon us now, before the House
is organized, and to the obstruction of public
business, and m order to confuse the election of
Speaker.
There are many tests, Mr. Clerk, of the fidelity
of men to the Constitution of the United States,
and to the union and harmony of the country.
Crises in our political history from time to time
occur which put men's principles to a stern proof,
when loyalty to the party and devotion to the coun-
try come ill conflict; when the voice of patriotism
or faction must bo heeded; when the popular will
or that of the Executive must be observed. In
such a crisis stood my honorable friend from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] in the last Congress, during the
memorable struggle on the admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution. Upon our
action at that time depended not only the tranquil-
lity of the particular district of country about
which we were legislating, but the peace of the
whole nation.
Under previous legislation the people of Kansas
were allowed to determine for themselves whether
they would come into the Union as a free or slave
* For the original report, see page 69 Oong. 6)obe.
