458
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
tain* I do not desire to do injustice, or to injure
any man's feelings; but, speaking for myself, I
express the opinion that the blush of shame should
mantle the cheek of every man who encourages,
countenances, or aids this underground railway.
I would as soon be connected with a horde of
counterfeiters. Sir, they are land 'pirates; and as
hellish a crew as ever boarded a ship.
Now, sir, when we recollect (and it is matter
of history for everybody to read and know) that
without this clause of the Constitution in refer-
ence to the delivery of fugitive slaves to their
owners, the Union could never have been formed
—the southern slaveholding States never would
have entered into the Union by becoming parties
to the Constitution—let me ask you in all candor
and in all sincerity, do you believe that, with the
plain violation and nullification of this right, and
its palpable denial, the Union can be maintained?
Wnosoever thinks it can, knows nothing of the
people of the South; they have strong arms and
brave hearts, and arc equal to the task of enforc-
ing their rights. Thus it will be seen that, 111 every
respcctin reference to slavery, the just constitu-
tional rights of the South are not only invaded,
but disregarded. Now, if gentlemen will only
reflect for oae moment upon the delays and hin-
derances they have thrown in the way of the
owner, who is seeking to recapture his fugitive
slave, by their habeas corpus acts, mandamus laws,
and personal liberty bills, they must see and feel
that they not only disregard this constitutional
duty, but absolutely destroy the right.
If any further proof be wanting to show that
the Republican party at the North are ulterly
faithless,and steeped in infidelity to the Consti-
tution, listen to their great leader, their acknowl-
edged head, William II. Seward, in his higher
law speech, and hear him in his speech at Cleve-
land, in 1848. He said:
" But there is a higher law than the Constitution which
regulates our authority over the domain, and devotes it to
the same noble purposes >>****•*
" Wherein do the t-trcngth and security of slavoiv he ?
Von answei that they he m the Constitution of the United
States, and the constitution*- arid law.-, ot' the slaveholding
Staler. Not at all. They lie in the erroneous sentiment
ot the American people.
" Constitutions and laws can no more rise above tho vir-
tue of the people than the limpid stream can olimh above
its native >pnng. Inculcate, then, the love of freedom and
the equal lights of man under the paternal tool ; see to it
that they aie taught in the m-IiooIm and 111 the churches j ic
form your own code ; extend a cot dial welcome to the I uai-
five who h\y> \n> weaiy limbs atyoui dooi, and defend him
as you would your paternal goii-s. Coirecl your own wrui,
that sluveiy ha* any constitutional guarantee wlueli maj-
not bo released and ought not to be relinquished.'"
♦'Whenever the public mind shall will the abolition of
slavery, tho way will open for it."
Mr. Clerk, how faithfully have the Republican
party at the North followed this advice of Mr.
Seward 5 How faithfully does; Mr. Beecher stand
forth, Sabbath after Sabbath, and preach the .same
doctrine to tii'> extent, even, of invading I he rights
of the South by fire and sword? Ho takes up
subscriptions in his church to purchase Sharpens
rifles. When a man named fullem puts down his
subscription, he puns upon the name, and says:
**One Sharpe's rifle to kill 'em." Kill who? to
kill the people of the South; and yet the Repub-
licans stand up by their agents and representa-
tives here and doclaro that they are for the Fed-
eral Union; that it must and shall be preserved !
Listen to Sexvard Author:
Ci Slavciv can be limited to its p.e.-ent bounds; it can b^
ameliorated. It can be. and it must be abolished, andyou
and I can and must do it.:'
Abolish slavery where? Why of course where
it exists! Whore does slavery exist? It exists
alone m the States, and yet hero are the friends
of William H. Seward, his political associates
upon this floor, who deny that they intend to 111-
texfere with the rights of slaveholders in the slave-
holding States. He is their Magnus Apollo, the
embodiment of their principles; the man they
design to make President of the United States.
He tells you that slavery must be abolished where
it exists, when it alone exists in the States. So
much for that portion of his remarks. He goes
on:
"TJie task is as simple and easy, as its consummation
will be beneficent, and its reward * glorious. It requires to
follow on this simple 1 ule of action: To do everywhere and
011 every occasion, what we can, and not to neglect or
refuse to do what we can, at any time, because at the pie-
cise time and on that particular occasion we cannot do
more. Circumstances deteiminc possibilities."
Mr. Clerk, I propose to read a little further
from this same higher law leader, William H.
Seward:
" Do you tell mc the Supreme Court of the United States
has removed the foundations of that great statute ? I reply
that they have done no such thing; they could not do it.
They have remanded the negro man, Dred Scott, to the cus-
tody of his master. With that decree we have noting here,
at feast nothing now, to do. This is the extent of the judg-
ment rendered, the extent of any judgment they could
render. Already the pretended further decision is subverted
in Kansas. So it will be in every free State and in every
free Territory of the United States. The Supreme Couit
also can reverse its spurious judgment more easily than we
could reconcile the people to its usurpation. Sir, the Su-
preme Court of the United States attempts to command the
people of the United States to accept the principles that one
man can own other men; and that they must guaranty the
inviolability of that false and pernicious property. The peo-
ple of the United States never can, and they never will,
accept principles so unconstitutional and so abhorrent.
Never, never. Let the court lecede. Whether it recede
or not, we shall leorganizc the court, and thus reform its
political sentiments and practices, and bring them into har-
mony with the Constitution and with the laws of nature.
In doing so, we shall not only resume our just authority,
but we shall restore that high tribunal itself to the position
it ought to maintain, since so many invaluable rights of cit-
izens, and even of States themselves, depend upon its im-
partiality and its wisdom.
" Do you tell me that the slave States will not acquiesce,
but will agitate ? Think first whether the free States will
acquiesce in a decision that shall not only be unjust, but
fraudulent. True, they will not menace the Republic. They
have an easy and sknple 1 emedy, namely *. to take the Gov-
01 mncnt out of unjust and unfaithful hands, and commit it to
those which will be just and faithful. They are ready to do
this now. They want only a little more harmony of pur-
pose, and a little more completeness of organization. These
will lesult fiom only the least addition to the pressure of
slavciy upon them."
Thus stand the Republican party, convicted by
themselvcsofan open, undisguised crusade against
the extension of slavery in the Territories, and
opposed to its existence m the States, and in favor
of its abolition; and it is perfectly idle for honor-
able gentlemen to rise upon this floor and say that
it is not their intention to interfere with the rights
of the slaveholder in the States. You do not ad-
mit in your party platform, or your public ad-
dresses through your leaders, that the slaveholder
has any right ia hold his slaves in bondage; this
you plainly deny. You deny that any man has
a right to property in man; and, therefore, when
you say you will not interfere with the right of the
slaveholder, you mean, i presume, his right to his
horse or las gun; for you deny his right to his
slave. JNow this is plain to any mind, and I de-
sire it to be so. You pretend to be very mindful
of our rights, but to this particular property you
say wo have no right.
'Now, who differs with Mr. Seward on the
other side > Who of the Republicans differs with
him ? I have asked that question before, and I re-
peat it. If anybody differs with him, let him rise
and say so. Noresponse. Letitgoouttothccoun-
Uy, together with my speech, that of the one hun-
dred and ten members of the Republican party
upon this iloor, not one rises and disavows the
doctrine of Mr. 8*.ward; not one, sir.
Mr. Clerk, wc have been told that there exist
differences 111 the Democratic party. The honor-
able gentleman from Tennessee [Pftr. Stokes] in-
formed us of that fact on Saturday last. I won-
dered then, sir, why it was that he gave us the
information. Did he think it would aid us in
electing a sound, national man as Speaker of this
House.? Was it for the purpose of encouraging
this band of patriots in this Hall, who have thus
far, with a firmness of purpose and devotion to
principle, that impartial history alone will do full
justice to—to stand firmly by their guns, and fight
on, fight ever, for the right? Was it for the pur-
pose of aiding us to resist tin's swelling wave of
black Republicanism that threatens to engulfusall,
even himsolfand his constituents, in one general
rum, destroying at once the Constitution and the
Union? Wa.m, sir, to aid the only national party
in the Union to drive back this army that is thus
marching to victory over the ruins of the Repub-
lic; or was it to expose our weakness to the foe,
to make a brcach in the Democratic line of battle,
to " bieak the centcr and show the Republicans
the road to Brussels?" I make no charge, sir;
I leave the country to judge.
There is one thing I will say to the honorable
gentleman, about which Democrats all agree—
opposition to the principles, purposes and objects
of the Republican party. There are principles
upon which we all agree, as enduring, sir, as the
everlasting hills. We all agree that all free white
men in this Republic who have become citizens,
either native or foreign born, are entitled to equal
political rights under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and that they arc subject to no other
restriction or limitation, save that and the law;
and we believe that they are capable of self-gov-
ernment, without intervention by the Black Re-
publican party, who do not live in the States or
Territories from which they propose to drive the
institution of slavery. Wc all agree that each
State and each Territory has the unquestionable
right to form and-regulate their own domestic in-
stitutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States. And so far as
all these questions refer to the peculiar rights of
the South, connccted with the institution of sla-
very,! supposed the honorable gentleman agreed
with the Democrats in this House; the Ameri-
cans in the district which I have the honor to rep-
resent do. We Democrats from the South believe
while there are other great political questions, con-
nected with the tariff and other measures, the
rights of the people in connection with the insti-
tution of slavery are paramount to all others.
Mr. Clerk, at the time of the passage of the
Kansas and Nebraska bill, there existed a*diffor-
ence among Democrats as to when the people of
a Territory had the right 'Co settle and determine
thtj status of slavery therein; but it was expressly
provided in the bill that the question should be
referred to the Supreme Court for their final decis-
ion and adjudication. And, as far as I can ascer-
tain, every Democrat in this House is willing to
abide by the decision of the Supreme Court in
the Dred Scott case. If there is any objection to
standing by the law, as therein decided, I do not
.know it. I would, in this connection, suggest
that party declaration's of principles ore the guide
in the construction of the law or Constitution; but
when*the Constitution is already expounded, even
if a party creed differed from the construction of
the Constitution by the Supreme Court, all are
bound by the law, the decision must prevail over
the platlorm; and if gentlemen who believe the
Dred Scott decision to be right will aid us to de-
feat tho Black Republican party, so that they may
not be able to reorganize the Supremo Court, the
decision is now the law and will be maintained
What is that decision? I maintain that in the
Dred Scott decision tho following principles have
been enunciated:
That the Territories belonging to the people of
the United States, whether purchased by the com-
mon treasure or won by the sword, belong in com-
mon to the whole people; and that every citizen of
the United States has the right to enter the terri-
tory with his property, whether it be the man
from Georgia, with his slave, or the man from Con-
necticut, with his horse, his clock, or his nutmeg;
That there is 110 difference under the Constitu-
tion between slaves and any other property, so
far as the power and duty of Congress is con-
cerned;
That Congress has not the power to prohibit
the citizen from entering the territory with his
property, and does not possess power to exclude
it therefrom;
That the Missouri restriction is unconstitutional,
and therefore void.
And now I call upon the members of this House
of all parties, and most especially upon Democrats
and South Americans, to listen to the words of the
decision of tho Supreme Court; and I read from
the syllabus, from the head notes agreed upon by
the court in the presence of the court; and I am
authorized to say that the Supreme Court of the
United States are willing to stand up to it in all
its length and all its breadth. I make that an-
nouncement here to-day in the American Con-
gress. Let us read it. The court say:
"The teiritoty thus acquired, is acquired by the peopjo
of the United States for their common and equal benefit,
through their agent and trustee, the Federal Government.
Congress can oxeieise no power over the lights of persons
or piopcity of a cstiz.cn in the teuiiory, which is prohibited
by the Constitution. The Government and the citizen,
whe never the ternimy i? open to settlement, both enter it
with their respective lights defined and limited by the Con-
stitution.
" Confess have no light to prohibit tho citizens of any
particular State, or States,from taking up then home there,
while it permits citizens of other States to do so. Nor has
it a right to give pnvilcges to one class of citizens which
it refused to another. Tho territory is acquiied for their
equal and common benefit; and if open to any, it must be
open to all upon equal and the same teims.
•4Eveiv citizen has a light to take with him into tho
