1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
ing to be allowed a pension from the time of his
discharge to the time his name was placed upon
the pension roll, reported adversely thereon, and
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 215)
making appropriations for the currcnt and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1861,
have directed me to report it back, with sundry
amendments. 1 hope the Secretary will order the
Printer to have the amendments printed by to-
morrow morning, as I want to move to take up
the bill to-morrow, at one o 'clock, after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the mes-
sage of the President of the United States, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, the instructionstoand dispatches from
the late and present ministers in China, down to
the period of the exchange of ratifications of the
treaty of Tientsin, and also, the instructions to
Mr. Parker, of February, 1857, reported the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Seriate, the instructions to and dispatches fjom
the present and late ministers to China, down to the period
of the exchange of ratifications ot the treaty ot Tientsin,
and the instructions to Mr. Parker, of February, 18.57, be
printed, with the instructions and dispatches, and that fit-
teen hundred additional copies thereot be printed.
Mr. FITCH. I will merely say that it is a
continuation of a correspondence which has, down
to the period provided for in the resolution, been
published.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. A few days since, tho Commit-
tee on Printing reported in favor of printing the
usual number of the ivport of Colonel Roberts to
th'e Secretary of War relative to the militia. A
motion had been previously made directing the
committee to inquire into the expediency of print-
ing two thousand extra copies. That motion had
not then reached the committee. It has now; and
I am directed by the committee to m<s>vc the print-
ing of two thousand extra copies.
The report was concurrcd in.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Ilcsulrcrt, 'J'h.it the C'oimmUce on the Pistiiet of Colum-
bia bp nwti acted to inquire into the expediency of an appio-
pnatiuu for the completion ot the Wellington aqueduct.
STEWART W. MACGOWEN.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred tho petition of Stewart W.
MacGowen, praying a pension for military ser-
vices m the war of 1«12, and the bill (S. No. 219)
for the relief of Stewart W. MacGowen, reported
the bill without amendment, and submitted a re-
port on the subject. The bill was read, and passed
to a sccond reading,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg the indulgence of
the Senate to take up that bill for final consider-
ation. It will occupy no time at all.
There being 110 objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. Wo. 219) for the relief of Stewart W.
MacGowen. It directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place his name on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, at the rate of twenty dollars a month, to
commence from January 1, j859, and to continue
during I113 natural life.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This bill is just reported, I
believe. I should like to hear the report rear]. I
do not like private bills to come in in this way in
preference to others; but still, if the report is right,
I shall make no objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will dispense with the
reading of tfce report. My friend from Alabama
[Mr. Clay] says it is all right, and I will pin my
faith to him on such a subject.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PBESIDEXTIAL PATRONAGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther petitions and reports, the Chair will call up
resolutions and motions. The first in order is the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] for a select committee to inquire
into the extent of the patronage of the President
of the United States, resulting from his power of
removal and appointment, and whetherthat power
has been exerted- to influence the legislation of
©ongress or control elections in the States or
Territories.
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague is absent, and
I suggest that that resolution be passed over in-
formally.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, that course will be pursued
METEOROLOGICAL REPORTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, reported by Mr. Pitch from
the Committee on Printing, on the 7thFebruary:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, in quarto torm, with the plates to illustrate the
same, three thousand copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Patents on meteorological observations, for tho
use of the Commissioner of Patents and the secretary of
the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. PITCH.' The resolution, I believe, has
been pending before the Senate for some time. I
have nothing to say, in addition to what has been
said heretofore, but that it was reported upon fa-
vorably by the committee, and that the House
having ordered it, it will cost the Senate nothing
but thu press-woik and paper. The cost, there-
fore, will bo an item scarcely worth taking into
consideration, while tho work is, I believe, very
valuable.
The resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 89) to liquidate the unadjusted con-
tracts of the Tennessee river improvement;
A bill (No. 177) to extend the time within which
the Governor of the State of Oregon shall select
lands, as provided in the act for the admission of
Oregon;
A bill (No. 213) to incorporate, the United
States Agricultural Socicty;
A bill (No. 220) for the relief of Anson Dart;
A bill (No. 225) for the relief of EbenS. Hans-
comb;
A bill (No. 234) for the relief of Thomas At-
kinson, of Parke county, Indiana;
A lull (No. 238) for the relief of Robert John-
ston; and
A bill (No. 523) extending the charter incorpo-
rating the German Benevolent Society, of Wash-
ington city, in the District of Columbia, approved
July 27, 1842.
Also, that the House had passed the bill of the
Senate (No. 302) in relation to the return of unde-
livered letters in the post office.
Also, that the House had passed the bill of the
Senate (No. 81) for tho relief of Elizabeth M.
Cocke, widow of Major James H. Cocke, late
marshal of the district of Texas, with an amend-
ment; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senate now to
take up Senate bill No. 10-1. It is a public bill,
and one the necessity for which is felt here every
day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 104) for the final adjustment of
private land claims in the States of Florida, Lou-
isiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, and for other
purposes.
Mr. KING. Is there any reportaccompanying
this bill, or any information about it? It seems
to me a strange course to raise a commission in
regard to claims on which commissions have here-
tofore adjudicated, and to bring up titles fifty or
sixty years old. Itis nearly sixty years since we
got Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This bill has already been
reported to the Senate, and passed after a full dis-
cussion. Tho whole object of the bill is to pre-
vent private land claims coming to us, one by one
every year, as they do, keeping a committee of the
Senate continually engaged making inquiries into
titles to land. It provides for these claims to be
presented to officers of the Government—the regis-
ters and receivers of the local land offices; and
then to be sent up to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, before they are sent to us,
that we may have a report once a year on such
cases and give the Government a chance to have
its right to the land investigated, as well as the
claimant's. As the matter now stands, a claim is
sent in here; we lenow nothing of it in the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims; we are obliged to
send a letter to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and take his statement about it, and
report in regard to the claims one by one. The
bill provides that, for the future, everybody hav-
ing such a claim shall take it before the register
and receiver of the district, have the report of the
claim investigated there, have the report of the
register and receiver sent to the Commissioner of
the. General Land Office, and have him examine
it; and then have him report all the cases to Con-
gress once a year by classes. The object is to
provide for these matters by general legislation,
instead of special bills in each case. The bill was
carefully prepared in the Committee on Private
Land Claims two sessions ago, and was dis-
cussed in the Senate, and passed. There is no
new report about it this year. That is the whole
bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. It does not create a board
of commissioners ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No; it only provides that
the register and receiver of the land offices now in
existence shall act as commissioners.
Mr. COLLAMER. We have had commis-
sions in these very States to examine land claims;
in some of them at two or three times; and the acts
of Congress in those cases required the private
claims to be presented at a certain time or be
barred; and I believe that has been repeated fre-
quently. Then why is it that there is still an
occasion for this bill ? Will this end it any more ?
Will not claims come in just as much afterwards >
Mr. BENJAMIN. The necessity is because,
as we see, you have on your Calendar every year
twenty or thirty or forty cases of land claims
coming up constantly. The difficulty was this:
when Louisiana, and Florida in the same way,
were ceded to the United States, the treaties of
cession provided for the protection of private
property, and provided for the cession to the Uni-
ted States of all the public land. The Government
of the United States, when it took possession,
instead of taking possession only of the public
lands, and leaving the lands that were in the hands
of individuals in their hands as private property,
brought what was really equivalent to an action
of ejectment against every inhabitant in the whole
country—provided that they must come forward
and prove their titles. Some men in the interior,
farmers, ignorant persons, did not bring forward
their claims; but they are dropping in,from year
to year, all the time; and the sole object of this
bill is to have those titles sent before the land of-
ficers in the States and examined at the General
Land Office before they are brought to Congress;
with this addition, however, that it includes some
cases where the titles have been heretofore ex-
amined and rejected at the Land Office upon the
ground that the Government which issued the title,
although in possession of the country at the time,
was not de jure the true sovereign of the country.
For instance, at one period there was a secret
treaty, the treaty of San Ildefonso, for the trans-
fer of the Territory of Louisiana from France to
Spain. That treaty remained secret, in the archives
of the two Governments, for political reasons,
for two or three years. Nobody knew anything
about it. I11 the mean time, the Government of
Spain left the Government of France in posses-
sion of Louisiana, and the officials there contin-
ued their usual duties, making their grants and
making their sales of land. The treaty was af-
terwaids made public. Now, the titles that em-
anated during that period, when Louisiana had
actually been ceded by France to Spain—but the
cession was secret, nobody knew of it, the French
officers remained in possession of the Territory,
and were there making their transfers to private
individuals—those cessions, those grants, have
been held invalid, on the ground that, by tho
treaty, the Territory having been transferred from.;
Franco to Spain, France had thereby foreclosed
