1860. '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2423
ries, by any route or routes wtiich the said contractors may
select, with the free use, during the ?aid term, ot such
lands as may he necessary for the put pose of establishing
stations for repairs along said line or lines, not exceeding
at any station one quarter section of land, such stations
not to exceed one in fitteen miles on an average of the
whole distance ; but, should any of said quarter sections
be deemed essential by the Government, or any company
acting under its authority, for railroad purposes, the said
contiactors shall relinquish the occupancy of &o much as
may be necessary 101 the railroad, receiving an equal
amount ot land for like use in its stead.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if, in any year
during the continuancc of the said contiact, the business
done for the Government, as hereinbefore mentioned, by
such contractors, or their assigns, shall, at the ordinary rate
of charges for private messages, exceed the price contracted
to be paid as afoiesaid, the Secretary of the Treasury shall,
upon said accounts being duly authenticated, certify the
amount of such excess to Congress: Provided, That the
use of the hue be given at any time, free of cost, to the
Coast Survey, the Smithsonian Institution, and the Na-
tional Observatory, for scientific purposes: And provided
jurthcr> That messages received from any individual com-
pany, or corporation, or from any telegraph lines connect-
ing with this hue at either of its termini, shall be impar-
tially transmitted in the order of their reception, excepting
that the dispatches of the Government shall have priority:
Jtnd provided furth er, That Congrebs shall, at any time, have
the right to alter or amend this act.
Before the reading- was concluded—
Mr. SL1DELL. The hour has arrived for the
spccial order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairintended
to call it up the instant the reading of the amend-
ment was done with. He did not like to inter-
rupt the reading.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. It is evident that cannot be
settled now. The Senator from Missouri is going
to offer amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
state to the Senator from Virginia, that to break
off the leading of the amendment in the midst,
reguires it to be read all over again the next time
it is taken up, unless it be dispensed with by un-
animous consent.
The Secretary proceeded, and concluded the
reading of the amendment.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls
up at this hour the unfinished business of yester-
day, being the bill (H. R. No. 503) making fur-
ther appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of Juno, I860.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, thrre is a fact
which was not mentioned yesterday, m regard to
the proposed amendment of the Committee on
Finance to the Post Office appropriation bill,
which I desire to slate now, bee.ause I think it will
have, and ought to have, weight with the Senate
in determining the question on the amendment.
It will be remembered that the estimates for the
year ending the 30th of June, lbGO, arc about
§15,000,000. To this we must add the sum of
8425,000 for new routes, in>;ludins; the service to
jrike's Peak, and if we do not strike out the pas-
sages proposed by the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, we must add to the expend-
itures of the year 1861 the additional sum of
$1,500,000. I have here a letter from the Post- j
master General 
Mr. SLiDELL. It was, I think, a matter of
general understanding that the consideration of
this bill should be postponed temporarily, m order
to proceed to the discussion of the bill to repeal a
section of a certain law in reference to private
land claims in Louisiana.
Mr. PEARCE. Allow me a moment to finish
what.I have to say. I do not intend to make a
speech. The Assistant Postmaster General, in lus
letter of April 5, says:
" To the estimated amount fo * Inland ttamportatinn next
year, it will be proper to add the sum of $-1,539,000, if the
service is to be restored."
That, with the §425,000, will make nearly two
million more to l>e added to the expenses of the
Department; so that if the amendment of the com-
mittee be not carried, the expenses of the next
year will amount to very nearly seventeen million
clollars. It is a fact which I tlunk ought to have
weight.
Mr. HUNTER. T agreed yesterday, that by
general consent,! would allow the Post Office bill
to be laid aside, to let the Senator from Louisiana
take up a mattei which touches him personally,
with the intention, as soon as it is over, of calling
up this Post Office appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
ask general consent to lay aside the Post Office bill
informally until the other matter is taken up and
disposed of?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
HOUMAS LAND CLAIM.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill (§. No. 307) to repeal the
second section and other portions of an act passed
the 2d day of June, 1858, entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the location of certain confirmed private
land claims in the State of Missouri, and for other
purposes;" and also to provide for the final settle-
ment of certain private land claims in the State of
Louisiana.
Mr. SLIDELL. I thank the Senator for the
courtesy shown to my colleague and myself, in
proceeding to the consideration of this bill at a
period of the session when matters of more gen-
eral interest so urgently call for their attention. I
have already made several ineffectual efforts to
obtain action by fixing it as the special order; but
on each occasion it has been passed over, for
causes over which I had no control. Having a
pecuniary interest in the cjuestion, I shall ta*ke no
other part in the deliberations of the Senate than
to vindicate myself against personal imputations,
which have been widely circulated by the parti-
san press of the country.
In the year 1835 I became the purchaserof one
ninth part of ninety thousand arpents of land in
Louisiana, being a portion of the tract known as
the William Conway tract; this tract, m its turn,
covering the less valuable portion of the land
which li'ad been granted by the Spanish Govern-
ment to Maurice Conway on 21st June, 1777. An
arpent of land contains about four fifths of an acre;
so that my undivided interest represents about
eight thousand acres. 1 paid for it $2 50 per
arpent, or about three dollars and twelve and a
half cents per acre, on terms usual in Louisiana:
namely, one seventh part cash, the balance ill six
annual installments, all bearing interest from the
day of purchase. The entire payment has been
made; and including interest not compounded,
costs of surveys, fees, and costs of cuuit, taxes,
•&c.., my undivided share of the land now stands
me in more than seventy-two thousand dollars.
The journals to which 1 have alluded charge that
I ha\e twenty thousand acres of land in the Hou-
mas grant worth more than one million dollars.
I should be most happy if this were the case, in
a letter addressed by me to Mr. John Claiborne,
on 11th April, 185!), which was published and
largely circulated throughout Louisiana, I de-
clared that I would gladly take $40,000 for my
share of the laud, giving a long credit, at a mod-
erate rate of inteiest, and authoring him to sell
it for me. It is a fair presumption that, when
one says that he will gladly sell at a certain pi ice,
he will not refuse to take something less. 1 have
not yet found a purchaser. I have been paying
taxes on the land for twenty-four years; and my
interest has never been assessed, by the sworn
appraisers of the parish in winch it is situated, for
more than §15,000.
In 1835 that portion of the Houmas tract which
1 and others then puichased, was an unbroken
wilderness, very imperfecily known to the sur-
veyors and to a few hunters, who could with dif-
ficulty make their way through it to the Amite
river, from the plantations fronting on the Mis-
sissippi. While oil the upper part of the Hou-
mas tract, confiimed in the names of Daniel
Clark and Scott and Donaldson, there were some
settlers on the z\mite, there were no claimants
under the preemption laws on the lands purchased
by me; all these settlements have been made since,
and by persons having a full knowledge of the
existence of the Houmas grant. It has been re-
peatedly asserted that I knew and had declared
that the grant was invalid and fraudulent. I shall
make no other reply than to quote from the de-
cision of the supreme court of Louisiana, in the
case of Slulell vs. Righter, (3 Annual Reports,p.
199,) delivered February, 1848.
Iterf, Justice, delivered the opinion of the court:
'■ Ail the questions in this case m relation to the title of
Rightcr and wife to the land m comioversj, were finally
decided in tiien favor, ill the e:i?e ot Uighter is Kolm, and
a!., (16 Lnuii-iana Eiepoit'v'iOi,} Deecmbei, 1S!9; nndviorc-
Gver the title has been expressly admitted in argument to be
satisfactory. The case, as It is presented to us, Involves a
naked question of fraud, on which the defendants have ob-
tained tlie verdicts of two juries. The plaintiffs and others
entered into an agreement in writing with the defendants
to purchase the lands in controversy at®2 50 per superfi-
cial arpent, stipulated therein that a notarial act should b«
passed when the quantity of land sold was ascertained
by a survey, and the purchasers satisfied as to the title.
The plaintiffhhnself, being an attorney-at-lawofhigh stand-
ing in his profession, was selected by his co-purchasers to
examine tile titles, and, upon his favorable report, the pur-
chasers acknowledged them to be satisfactory."
Early in the session of 1857 and 1858 Mr. Polk
presented a bill for the confirmation of certain
land claims in Missouri, which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, of which my
colleague was chairman. That bill was reported
back to the Senate with amendments, including in
its second section the provision which the bill now
before us proposes to repeal. It was accompanied
by an elaborate report, which, with the amended
bill, was printed. This being a short session, the
bill was not acted on. At the next session, the
first of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, the same com-
mittee, on the 12th of March, 1858, reported again
the bill as amended. The bill arid report wera
printed. The Senate, on Friday, April 16, on mo-
tion of Mr. Iverson, agreed, by unanimous con-
sent, to proceed only with bills that should not bo
objected to or lead to debate; it was rcached in its
order on the Calendar; the third section was
amended on motion of Mr. Polk; the bill was
ordered to be engrossed, read the third time, and
passed. The bill went to the House on the 19th
April; on the 10th May was reached in its regular
order on the Speaker's table, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims. On the 29th
May, Mr. Blair, of Missouri, reported it back
without amendment, adopting the Senate report,
which was ordered to be printed'. On the 1st
June, on motion of Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, the .
bill was taken up, and, after a brief discussion,
was passed.
In all this matter I had not the slightest agency,
direct or indirect. My colleague never, at any
time, consulted me on the subject, and I am very
confident that the first time he ever spoke to ms
of it was when the bill had passed the House;
certain I am that I never spoke of it to any ono
in or out of Congress during its pendency. My
colleague will confirm this statement, so far as
he is concerned; and from any other person I
invite and defy contradiction. The only agency'
1 have ever had in the matter was some months
after, at the request of my co-proprietors, to ap-
ply for a patent to the General Land Office, and
to ask its early issue. Late in the session of
1858-59—namely, on 21st February—the memo-
rial of certain parties praying the repeal of tho
second section of the law was presented to theSen-
aie. My colleague, as chairman of the Committee
on Private Land Claims, to which it was referred,
on the 2d day of March, after stating that it was
impossible to examine the papers accompanying
the petition during that session, introduced a joint
resolution suspending the operation of the second
section of the law, so that no patent should be
issued until the end of the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
and asked its immediate consideration. By unan-
imous consent the resolution was read three times,
and passed; was sent to the House; passed in
like manner there, and was signed by the Presi-
dent on the 3d of March.
I need scarcely say here, what every Senator
knows, that, if there had been the least disposi-
tion oil the part of my colleague or myself to pre-
vent, without our direct intervention, this action,
the resolution could not have passed, and the pat-
ent would long since have issued. What sem-
blance of foundation, then, is there for the asser-
tion that this law was smuggled through Congress
to promote my private interests? The section
which it is proposed to repeal, although involv-
ing my personal interests, guaianties the rights of
many of my constituents to an amount much more
than twenty fold larger than mine. I knew that
the legislation proposed by my colleague was emi-
nently just and proper. Should I, because I was
interested in the question to an amount which
does not weigh a feather in my estimation against
that m which I hold my own self-respect, have
opposed it? 1 know that, in many instances which
I could cite, the United States Bank bill, revolu-
tionary claims bill, and many, very many others,
it has not prevented Senators of the highest emi-
nence and most unsullied reputation from advo-
