38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 8,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
as a law-observing and constitutionally loyal peo-
There is not a city or State that is more
ready to resist aggression in every shape and
form in which it may be made against the people
of any portion of the Union. We will defend the
constitutional rights of others, with the same zeal
that we assert and maintain our own.
We are for the Union and Constitution in
their full supremacy, and against all who
would impair the existence of the one or
obstruct the operation of the other.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
SPEECH OF IION. S. MOORE,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House op Representatives, '
December 8, 1859.
[revised by himself.*]
The. House having under consideration the resolution
introduced by Mr. Clark, of Missouri-
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, said:
Mr. Clerk: I should not have felt called upon
to prolong this discussion, had not certain remarks
made by the honorable gentleman who last ad-
dressed the House, and also by the honorable
member From Tennessee, [Mr. Nelson,] on yes-
terday, demanded some reply.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mou-
rns] says it is unfair to charge against the whole
North complicity with, or even sympathy for,
John Brown and his cause. I have heard 110 such
charge made, and I should be sorry to hear it
made. I believe there are men at the North as
true to the Constitution as any in the South. I
know there are Representatives of northern con-
stituencies on this floor, who are as far from en-
couraging any attack upon the rights of the South
as the men of old who stood shoulder to shoulder
with our fathers upon many a battle-field. We
make no such indiscriminate charge upon the peo-
ple of the North; but when gentlemen endeavor to
persuade us that there arc 110 sympathizers with
that old felon, or only a few, in that quarter, they
do but attempt to practice most shamefully upon
our supposed credulity. We are advised that in
most of the towns and cities of the North, demon-
strations of sympathy were exhibited; and news-
papers come to us draped in mourning for Ins
death. The editor of the. leading organ of the lie-
publican party (Mr. Greeley) eulogized him, and
said that his name would be handed down to after
times as that of a glorious martyr.
When gentlemen tell us of the conservative
spirit of tlie northern people, and of their loyalty
to the Constitution, with a view to quiet our ap-
prehensions, we point them to the startling fact,
here disclosed, that, sixty-eight members of the
American Congress, including one of the candi-
dates for the Speakership, have signed and rec-
ommended for circulation this vile, incendiary
publication of Helper, intended to excite our slaves
to insurrection, and the non-slaveholders to wage
war against the slaveholders of the South; and to
the significant circumstance, that three only, of all
that number, have as yet, though called upon,
disavowed and repudiated the sentiments and rec-
ommendations of that book. Wc point them,
too, to the additional fact, that from all the New
England States there is not a single Representa-
tive who is not a member of the Republican party;
and, besides, that over one hundred and thirteen
members of the present Congress belong to that
political association, organized, as it is, upon
grounds sectional m their character, unconstitu-
tional, and offensive to us beyond all endurance.
What are the aims and objects of that oigani-
zation? Theyare,in my conception, first to seize
the reins of Government, and then, by indirect,
if not direct means, to destroy the institution of
African slavery—a destruction which would in-
volve the South in a loss of property exceeding in
value two thousand million dollars; to be followed,
perhaps, by all the horrors of another St. Domingo
orSouthamptoninsurrection. The honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and others of
his party have told us they were not in favor of
any direct interference by free-State men with the
institution of shivery in the States. So said the
* For the original report, see page 71 Cong. Globe.
honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kel-
logg,] one of the three signers who disavowed
the sentiments contained in the Helper book—one
of the least Black or the least Brovjn of his party.
Yet, what more did he tell us ? Why, that, should
the Republican party get the control of this Gov-
ernment, their intention was to abolish slavery in
all the Territories of the Union, and that he enter-
tained the opinion that it would be constitutional
for Congress to pass such a law, notwithstanding
the decision of the Supreme Court to the contrary.
Does that indicate a spirit of conservatism and
a disposition to let alone the institutions of the
South ?
I know that the Republican party is composed
of men of various shades of opinion; that it em-
braces, with Abolitionists of the deepest dye, oth-
ers less openly and violently hostile to our rights.
Yet I know that hatred for slave it and slavehold-
ers animates the whole party. This is the com-
mon bond which holds it together. This it is
which has caused its members, no matter to what
political party they formerly belonged, to lay aside,
for a time, their differences of opinion respecting
all other questions, and unite under a common
flag. Even the few men at the North who arc
now conservative and true to the Constitution,
will soon, 1 fear,be compelled to bend before the
Eftorm of fanaticism which has there been raised,
or be driven into retirement, as Daniel Webster
was when the doors of Fancuil Hall were closed
against him because he sanctioned the fugitive
slave law; and as Mr. Fillmore has been, who,
for his approval of that law and his national ad-
ministration of the Government, has been politi-
cally ostracised at the North—not having received
a single electoral vote, at the lastpresidential elec-
tion, in any of the free States. The whole course
of that party, from the beginning, of its leaders
and its presses, shows that no reliance can be
placed upon its justice, its magnanimity, or its
professions of moderation. My firm conviction
is, that they intend never to cease their encroach-
ments upon our rights, so long a% they indulge
the faintest hope that slavery can be abolished.
T11 accomplish this fell purpose, they have con-
jured up the spirits of discord and hate through-
out the North, and endeavored to make them sub-
servient to their will. Slavery will still continue,
however, despite their malignant assaults; but
whether the Union can survive, remains to be
seen.
But, Mr. Clerk, the principal object that I had
111 rising, was to allude to what was said on yes-
terday,W the honorable gentleman from Tennes-
see, [M™Nelsos,] with regard to those whom
he classed as fire-eaters or disunionists. I do
not profess to belong to any such class, nor do I
know of but few, in the South, who desire dis-
union for itself. I come from a State, sir, which
is, and lias at all times been, loyal to the Union,
hut winch will be as prompt to take ground for
its disruption, in case the rights guarantied to her
citizens, under the Constitution, are deliberately
and flagrantly infringed, as any member of this
Confederacy. If concurring and fully sympa-
thizing with her in. this sentiment, makes one a
disumonist, then I a«i one". I deny, sir, emphat-
ically, for myself, anil feet authorized to do so for
the great mass of the J\eo|)le of Alabama, that we
desire to see this Unioh dissolved, provided our
rights under the Constitution are respected^
But, sir, we have grown tired of this strife—
this endless cdfttroversy. ^f the northern people
value the Union and desire its preservation, let
them manifest it by discountenancing those who
would disturb our tranquillity, take and withhold
from us our slave property, and who openly deny
to us that equality of rights and privileges, t*o
which we are so clearly entitled under the Fed-
eral Constitution.
The gentleman from Tennessee undertakes to
rebuke the spirit of ultraism, which he says is
manifesting itself here, as well with the Repre-
sentatives of the South as of the North. He says
there are extremists in both sections, and claims
himself to belong to neither class. Should it not
have occurred to that gentleman that he did groat
injustice to southern men who may, either here or
elsewhere, have exhibited what he regarded an
excess of zeal for their own assaulted rights, when
he characterized them as belonging to the same
class with those at the North, who have waged a
long-continued and relentless crusade against our
institutions, and proclaimed the most treasonable
sentiments against this Government? Among
those whom he named was the eloquent, the gal-
lant Mr. Yancey, of my own State, and that most
devoted champion of the South, who now sleeps
in his grave, the lamented Calhoun. _ These, and
all others, who have expressed a willingness, un-
der any circumstances, to dissolve the Union, he
seems to think deserved to be classed with (bid-
dings and Greeley, Seward and Burhngame.
What southern man, let me ask,ever gave utter-
ance to sentiments approaching in indecency, vio-
lence , and blasphemy, those which that gentleman
quoted from Mr. Anson Buiiungame?
" Tho times demand, and we must have, an anti-slavery
Constitution, an anti-slavery Bible, and anti-slavery God."
Or those not less abominable of William H.
Seward:
" There is a higher law than the Constitution which
regulates gut authority over the domain. .Slavery must be
abolished, and we must do it."
Not to mention those, still more treasonable and
abhorrent, which the gentleman quoted, but which
I will not now repeat, from G-iddings and Greeley.
I cannot but think, Mr. Clerk, that it comes
unkindly from any Representative of the South,
to class with such Abolitionists a man like Mr.
Calhoun, who abandoned all hope of promotion
to the highest office of the Republic, and devoted
himself, with unparalleled zeal and heroism, to
the defensii of the constitutional rights of his ov/n
scction—tnough in so decided a minority—and to
endeavor to arrest that tide of fanaticism which
he said and believed, and which all of us are now
convinced, must inevitably result, if not checked,
in disunion. It seems to me, with all respect to
that honorable gentleman, that his censures of
Mr. Calhoun and of other southern men were as
ill-timed as was his laudation of this glorious
Union.
There was a time in our history—alas! that it
is no longer so—when' wo also from the South,
might have repeated its praises with joy and pride,
and could have listened with thrilling hearts to
the eloquent remarks of the honorable gentleman,
when he spoke of the;grandeur and glories of the
Union. But now, at^this momentous and critical
conjuncture, when our institutions are so fiercely
threatened; when a powerful party is organized
for their overthrow; it is, in my poor judgment,
out of place for southern men to^lorify, or make
unconditional pledges to maintain, the Union of
these States, if the gentleman had been content
to hurl his censures at those only who were dis-
regarding the obligations imposed upon them by
the Constitution, and who were engaged in schemes
that must lead to disunion by the continued vio-
lations of its provisions, he would have done well;
then 1 would gladly have applauded his efforts to
avert so great a calamity. To perpetuate the
Union, under the Constitution, there are no per-
sonal sacrifices I would not freely make; but if
any sacrifices or compromises of the constitutional
rights of my section are to be made for. its pres-
ervation, then I, for one, will never make them,
let the consequences be disunion or what they
may.
I was astonished to hear that gentleman's dec-
laration that the election to the Presidency of Wil-
liam H. Seward, or Chase, or any other Black
Republican candidate, entertaining like opinions
with them, would not be a sufficient cause for a
dissolution of the Union. He said he would wait
for some overt act. I should consider the election
of such a candidate, by a northern sectional ma-
jority, as a declaration of war against our rights;
and I rejoice in the belief that those whom I rep-
resent, and the gallant State to which I owe my
first and highest allegiance, will not hesitate in
such contingency, let the consequences be what
they may, to fall back on their reserved rights,
and declare to the world, "As for this Union, we
have no longer any lot or part in it."
"Why, sir, if thcie was no fanaticism, no hostile
feeling for us and our institutions at the North;
if the same fraternal feeling for us prevailed
there as in the better days of the Republic, the
southern people would never consent to be ruled
and governed by those in whose election they had
no voice. They could never submit to have taxes
