1480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
league; but if there be some old grant under which
a large number of settlers have occupied land, a
very l&rge quantity of lands might be passed away
under a single claim to a great variety of occu-
pants. I desire to guard against any case of that
sort. I hope the Senator from Louisiana will
draw the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will indicate an amend-
ment which will cover the Senator's scruple. It
is, in section four to strike out the first eight lines
down to the words "square league," and then
make the rest of the section conform, by some
changes which I have marked.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment;
which is, to strike out, in scction four, after the
enacting clause, the words:
" That wherever the Commissioner of the General Land
Office shall approve the report of the said commissioners
Jn cases embraced in said class No. 1, such approval shall
be final, and patents of relinquishment therefor shall issue
in favor of the claimant: Provided, however, That such
claim shall not be so finally approved and patented for a
quantity cxcoeding one square league."
In line ten, after the word "class," insert "es,"
so as to make it plural, and insert " No. 1 and;"
so that the section will read:
Sec. A. Jlnd he it further enacted, That wherever the
said Commissioner shall approve the repoitot the commis-
sioners in cases embraced in classes No. 1 and No. 2, he
shall report the same to Congress for its action ; and when-
ever the said Commissioner shall appiovc the report m
cases embraced in class No. 3, the rejection of the claim
so acted on shall be final and conclusive, and the land em-
braced within the claim shall be considered and treated as
other public lands belonging to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in-, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time. It was reatl the third time, and passed.
LOCATION OF LAND WARRANTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now call up the spccial order.
Mr. HAMLIN. On consultation with the Sen-
ator who is entitled to the floor, and with his pur-
mission, I ask the Senate to allow me to call up
bill No. 199, which I am sure will not occupy
five minutes' time. If it does, I will move to lay
it aside. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 199) to authorize the location of certain war-
rants for bounty lands heretofore issued was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides that warrants for
bounty lands heretofore issued under the author-
ity of the act entitled "An act to provide for satis-
fying claims for bounty lands for military services
in the late war with Great Britain, and for other
purposes,"approved the 27th ofjuly, 1842, and of
the several acts reviving it, approved 26th of June,
1848, and 8th of February, 1854, may be located,
in conformity with the general laws in forcc, at
any time within three years from the date of this
act; and that all entries and locations made with
such warrants since the 26th of June, 1858, shall
be as valid and effectual as if the acts before men-
tioned had not then expned.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill speaks for itself.
By the act of 1842 there was a limitation of time,
within which these bounty warrants should be
located. It expired. Congress renewed it for
five years in 1848, and again extended it five
years more in 1854. There are a few warrants
which were issued under that act, the holders of
which were unable to locate them within the time.
I know a single one within my own State. I think
the Public Laud Committee say there are about a
dozen cases, and tins is to supply in a general
law what they are requested to do in so many
special laws—that is to extend it three years
more.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RELATIONS OF STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolutions submitted,by Mr. Davis on
the 1st of March:
1. Resolved, That in the adoption of the Federal Consti-
tution, the Slates adopting the same acted severally asfiee
ai><1 independent-sovereignties, delegating a portion of their
powers to be exercised by the Federal Government for in-
cieased security of each against dangers, domestic as well
as ioreign ; and that any inteimeddliug by anyone or more
States, or by a combination of their citizens, with the do-
mestic institutions of the others, on any pretext whatever,
political, moral, or religious, with a view to their disturb-
ance or buhver^ion, is aji violation of the Constitution, in-
sulting to the States so interfered with, endangers their
domestic peace and tranquillity—objects for which the Con-
stitution was foimed—and, "by necessary consequence,
tends to weaken and destroy the Union itself.
2. Resolved, That negro slavery, as it exists in fifteen
States of this Union, composes an important portion of their
domestic institutions, inherited from their ancestors, and
existing at the adoption of the Constitution, by which it is
recognized as constituting an important element m the ap-
portionment of powdjfe among the States; and that no
change of opinion or feeling on the part of the non-slave-
holding States ot ihe Union, in relation to this institution,
can justify them or their citizens in open oi covert attacks
thereon, with a view to its overthrow; and that ail such
attacks are in manifest violation of the mutual and solemn
pledge to protect and defend each other, given by the States
respectively on entering into the constitutional compact
which formed the Union, and are a manifest breach of faith,
and a violation of the most solemn obligations.
3. Resolved, That the union of these States rests on the
equality of rights and privileges among its members; and
that it is especially the duty of the Senate, which repre-
sents the States in their sovereign capacity, to resist all
attempts to discriminate either in relation to persons or
propeity in the Territories, which arc the common posses-
sions of the United States, so as to give advantages to the
citizen* of*one State which are not equally assuied to those
of every other State.
4. Resolved, That neither Congress noi a Territorial
Legislatuie, whether by diieet legislation or legislation of
an indhect and unfiiendly character, possess power to an-
nul or impair the constitutional right of any citizen of the
United States to take his slave property into the common
Temtories, and there hold and enjoy the same while the
territorial condition remains.
5. Resolved, That if experience should at any time prove
that the judicial and executive authonty do not^posscss
means to insure adequate protection to constitutional rights
in a Territory, and if the territorial government should fail
oi refuse to piovule the necessary remedies for that pur-
pose, it will be the duty of Congress to supply such defi-
cirncv.
6. Resolved, That the inhabitants of aTeiritory of the
United States, when they rightfully form a constitution to
be admitted as a State into the Union, may then, for the
first time, like the people of a State when forming a new
constitution, decide foi themselves whether slavery, as a
domestic institution, hhail be maintained or prohibited
within their jurisdiction ; and "l they «.]mll he leeeived into
the Union with or without slaveiy, as their constitution
may presenbe at the tune of their admission.''
7. Resolved, That the provision of the Constitution for
the rendition of fugitives from service or labor, withoutthe
adoption of which the Union could not have been formed,
and that the laws of 1793 and 1850, which were enacted to
secure its execution, and the mainfeaturesof which,being
similar, bear the impress of nearly seventy years of sanc-
tion by the highest judicial authority, should be honestly
and faithfully ohserved and maintained by all who enjoy the
benefits of our compact o( Union ; and that all acts of in-
dividuals or of State Legislatures to defeat the purpose or
nullity the requirements of that provision, and the laws
made m pursuance of it, are hostile in chaiaetei, subver-
sive of the Constitution, and revolutionary m their effect.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it is not
my intention to speak to the merits of the reso-
lutions submitted by the Senator from Missis-
sippi. They are the occasion rather than the text
of my discourse. I propose to speak briefly to-
day concerning the state of the Union; to inquire
whether its harmony is endangered; whether its
integrity is threatened; whether its existence is
imperiled; and if so, by what means and through
whose agency such results have been produced;
upon whom responsibility therefor rests, and
whether there be any remedies for such evils, and
what those remedies are. Taught from earliest
boyhood to respect the teachings of the Father
of his Country as both patriotic and wise; to re-
gard his admonitions with reverence, and to be-
lieve that his precepts should be by all observed;
believing that the liberties winch our fathers
achieved can only be permanently secured by the
preservation uf the Union which they formed;
that liberty and union are one and inseparable, I
have accustomed my&clf to regard our Federal
Union as the palladium of our liberty, and for
that, above every other reason, earnestly to op-
pose every political party organization whose
principles were calculated, if practically applied
m the administration of the General Government,
to alienate the affections of the people of one por-
tion of our common country from the people of
another.
That differences of opinion should exist, both
in reference to the domestic and foreign policy of
a Government, in a country where such policy is !
dependent upon the popular will, is neither a mat- I
ter of wonderment nor cause of regret; but that a !
people possessing the inestimable blessings of a j
free Government, themselves the real sovereigns",
and those charged with the administration ofpub-
hc affairs their agents, subject to their control, and
removable at their pleasure, should allow (hose
differences, in themselves capable of legal and sat-
isfactory adjustment m accordance with the fun-
damental law of their political society, to endan-
ger that possession, to wreck the fortunes of the
present, to blight the hopes of the future, shows
them unmindful of liberties which are theirs by
inheritance^ not by purchase, and should subjcct
their memories to the withering execration of the
teeming millions of the future time, who may learn
from the truthful narrative of some future Gibbon,
sitting amid the crumbling ruins of their once
proud and mighty capital, the blessings which they
madly spurned and the destiny which theyinglo-
riously surrendered. That such may be our sad,
our mournful fate as a people, the indications of
the present, no less than the examples of the past,
admonish, unless we timely pause, calmly think,
and wisely act. It is not m the struggles of na-
tional infancy, nor in the early battlings with ad-
verse fortune in individual life, thattheexistence of
the one is generally destroyed, or the hope's of the
other forever blasted. Prosperity is more danger-
ous to either than adversity; and each would be
equally fortunate, could the spirit by which pros-
perity was attained be remembered and practiced,
when dangers have been passed and difficulties
subdued.
Scarce eigh ty years have passed away since our
fathers, few in numbers, but brave in spirit, fought
the battles of the Revolution. They came from
the North, they came from the South, they came
from the East, they camc from their then West,
and, by their united efforts, achieved a common
liberty for a common people—liberty for them-
selves, and liberty for us, their posterity. To
achieve that liberty, many of them fell a sacrifice
on freedom's altar.
" They fell, devoted but undying,
Tiie very gales their names seem sighing;
Tlie waters murmur of their name,
The woods are peopled with their fame;
The meanest rill, the mightiest river, •
Kolls mingling with their fame forever."
To secure the liberty thus achieved to them-
selves and to their posterity, the people of the
several States agreed to meet together through
their representatives, and consult for the general
good—the good not of each separately, but of the
whole unitedly. They did meet; they did con-
sult in the spirit of fraternal feeling. They were
notwithouttheirdifferencesof opinion; they were
not without their apparent conflicts of interest: hut
these differences were adjusted; these conflicts
were not "irrepressible;" they were harmonized,
and they entered into a compact; they formed a
Union which they intended to be perpetual, and
which will endure foreverif we act for its preser-
vation in the same spirit of moderation and jus-
tice in which they acted in its formation. 'Our
fathers were wise men—practical men. They had
not studied in the schools in which were taught
the sublimated theories of "irrepressible con-
flicts." They assumed not to be wiser than their
Maker, nor better than their Saviour. They essayed
not to question the " ways of Providence to man,"
nor impiously assumed the moral government of
the world. They had not even learned the simple
nomenclature of "capital States" and "labor
States" now incorporated into the political vocab-
ulary of ambitious aspirants for official positions
which they have never merited, and of political
honors which, if conferred, would be worn only
to be disgraced. They found society formed; they
did not attempt to reform or disrupt it. They
•were members of distinct and independent polit-
ical communities, differing, to some extent, in their
domestic institutions and economic puisuits, but
discovered in these 110 serious impediment to a
common union for a common good.
Under the mysterious dispensations of an all-
wise Providence, African slavery had existed in the
thirteen original colonies almost from the time of
their first settlement. It had become incorporated
into the very frame-work of society. Had it been
desirable, it would have been impossible for the su-
perior or white race to nd themselves of the inferior
or servile race. The discovery of the equality of
races so manifestly distinct that both the forming
finger and providence of the Aim igh ty are t raceable
in that distinction, was reserved for the political
seers of a subsequent generation. The framers of
the Constitution were the representatives of in-
dependent political sovereignties. They formed a
Federal Union for the common benefit of all.
