1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481"
They clothcd the Federal Government with such
powers, and such powers only, as they considered
essential or neeessary for the equal and common
interest and protection of each and all. They re-
served to the States respectively the regulation
and government of their own domestic institu-
tions and internal polity in their own way. They
did not question the right of property in slaves; but
as, from the nature of that property, its owners
might be subjected to its loss by reason of its es-
cape, either voluntarily or through the solicita-
tions and persuasions of others, and as the Con-
stitution was formed, among other things, to
secure domestic tranquillity to the people of the
States, and between the States themselves, the
fathers provided in the Constitution, in the com-
mon bond of their Union, that—
" No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or icgujauon therein, be di&chaiged
from such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service or labor may be
due."
Here is a distinct and positive recognition in
the Federal Constitution of the right of property
in "slaves. Here is a constitutional recognition
that one man may have a right of property in
another, and a constitutional guarantee that audi
right shall be respected and enforced, not only
against the opposition of individuals, but against
the interference of States. " Historically^" re-
marks Justice Story, in the case of Prigg vs. The
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania—
" It is well known that the object of this clause was to
sceuie to the citizens ot the slaveholding States the com-
plete light and title of ownership 111 their &laves as p a opcrty
in every Stale of the Union, into which they might escape
from the State where they were held m servitude. The
lull recognition of thl* right and title was indispensable to
the seeuuty of tins i-pecies of property in all the slavehold-
ing State*; and, indeed, was so vital to the preservation of
theii domestic interests and institutions, that it cannot be
doubted that it roif-titutnl a fundamental ailu-lr, without
the adoption ofwhich the Union could not have been formed.
Its irne dcMgn was to guard against the doctrines and prin-
ciple-} prevalent 111 the non-slaveholding States, by prevent-
ing them lrom intermeddling with, or obstructing, 01 abol-
ishing the nyhts ot the owners of slaves."
Again, m his Commentaries on the Constitution,
he remarks:
•' The want of .such a provision under the Confederation
was felt a*, a grievous inconvenience by the slaveholding
Slate* ; miicc m many States no aid whatever would he
allowed to the owners, and sometimes, indeed, they met
with open resistance."
And here, sir. it may be remarked that this pro-
vision was incorporated in the Constitution by the
unanimous vote of that body; and that it appears,
from the opinion and Commentaries of Mr. J ustice
Story cited, that
u Its true design was to guard against the doctrines and
principles picvalent in the non-*Ia\cho!ding States, by pi e-
ventiru* them from intermeddling with, or obstiucting, or
abolishing the right? of the owncis of flavcs."
What were those principles and doctrines? The
same which have been recently revived, and which
are now advocated by the leaders and masses of
the Republican party; that slavery is a moral,
social, and political evil; that it is contrary to the
law of God; and that all men—African slaves as
well as American freemen—are born free and
equal; and that political institutions which deny
them equal political rights and advantages are un-
just; and that the denial to them of these rights
ism contravention of the Scripture injunction. Do
unto others as you would that they should do
unto you. Let those who now profess such a
reverence for the memory of the fathers, know
that those very fathers, by incorporating this pro- j
vision in the Federal Constitution, meant to guard \
their countrymen against the doctrines and prin- i
ciples which they now advocate; and to prevent,
in the future, the repetition of the wrongs result-
ing from these doctrines and principles which had
been suffered in the past.
Upon this provision and its historical illustra-
tions, 1 remark that the Constitution, in which it
is contained, having been ratified by the people of
the several States, and thereby the general advant-
ages which it was designed to secure having been
obtained by them, the faith of such States, and of
every State which has since been admitted into
the Union under it, was and is pledged to see to
it that this clause, as wvll as every othertherein,
is fairly observed and honestly enforced. It is the
agreement, it is the covenant, it is the bond. Each
citizen is bound to see that the faith of his State
is preserved; and any attempt, either by the indi-
vidual citizen or by a State to evade or violate,
weaken or annul, the obligation thus assumed,
is personal dishonor and State perfidy. But, sir,
our fathers were not perfidious. They assumed
obligations patriots, as patriots they discharged
them. In 1793, they passed the first fugitive slave
act to carry out in good faith this provision of the
Federal Constitution, it was approved by George
Washington, president of the convention which
framed the Constitution, and then President of
the United States. Under his administration, and
those of the elder Adams, of Jefferson, and of
Madison, the domestic and foreign policy of the
Government was shaped and advanced, if not per-
fected. The puhlic mind of the country was at
times deeply agitated in reference to that policy,
and deeply stirred by the discussions of questions
connected therewith. But from the violation of
plighted faith there was no cause for general or
sectional complaint. The fathers of the Republic
had heeded the patriotic counsels of Washington
against the formation of political parties founded
upon geographical distinctions and sectional is-
sues. No State had been denied admission into
the Union on account of the character of its do-
mestic institutions.
But many of the fathers had fallen asleep.
Most of those remaining had gone into the retire-
ment of private life, and there awaited, in the tran-
quillity of age, the expected summons to their kin-
ured dead. But, sir, that repose was destined to
a most terrible shock. A people who had success-
fully achieved their independence of a powerful
foreign and oppressive foe, who had established a
free and indepcndentRepublic, far, far away fiom
the scatsof former civilized political empire—a Re-
public the anomaly of the present, and fit to be the
model of the future; who had witnessed the princi-
ples of the Government they had established prac-
tically and felicitously applied in the development
of their national resources and in the expansion
of their growing power; who in a second struggle
with their former oppressor had vindicated then-
national honor and successfully maintained their
national rights, now, that peace with her olive
branch had again returned to bless the husband-
man in his toil, the merchant in his traffic, the
artisan in his trade, and all in their honorable
pursuits, were suddenly startled by the fearful
apprehension that the Government they cherished
was about inglonously to end, not from the as-
saults of a foreign foe, but from the folly and mad-
ness of those upon whom its blessings were lost.
At the time of the adoption of the Constitution
nearly all the States were slaveholding States. In
1819 and 1820, many of them having found that
slave labor was to them unprofitable, unsuited to
their soil, their climatc, and industrial pursuits,
and having to a great extent parted with their
slaves for a valuable consideration, by sending
them among their more southern brethren, where
the condition of the slave would be improved, and
where his labor would be more remunerative, had
become non-slaveholding States. No one of these
States, however, had freed their slaves solely from
motives of humanity. Economic considerations
mainly influenced their action. While interest was
demandant, philanthropy was dormant. When
personal interest ceased, humanity—falsely so-
called—became active. The Constitution of the
United States had provided that" new States may
be admitted into this Union." There was noqual- 1
ification annexed, and no condition imposed, in
respect to the domestic institutions or internal pol-
ity of such States. No such qualification or con-
dition could,therefore, constitutionally be imposed
by Congress upon the admission of a State. All
the States of the Union arc,under the Constitution,
equal. Those originally ratifying the Constitution
did so as equals, being the sole judges of what their
domestic institutions should be. Unless those to
be admitted by Congress upon their application
were equally their own judges in this respect, then
they would not be equals with the other States.
Under these circumstances, and at the time 1 have
mentioned, Missouri applied for admission into
the Union. Her government was republican in
form. She labored under no constitutional dis-
qualification for admission. Does any one be-
lieve that if Missouri had been an independent
community, as was New York, as was Delaware, :
at the time of the formation of the Constitution, j
that, under the same circumstances, her admission j
into the Union would have been opposed ? Does !
any one believe that had the framers of that in-
strument been clothed with the power of determ-
ining whether Missouri should be admitted, they
would have refused her admission ? Not unless
party prejudice has so blinded his judgment as to
render it an unsafe counselor even in the ordinary
duties of life. Yet, sir, the admission of Missouri
was opposed,and the Senatorfrom New York has
said "history tells us that the Union reeled under
the vehemence of that great debate."
If such be the fact,it only proves that there were
men then, for the first time in the Federal Con-
gress, as there are men now throughout this coun-
try, who, for the purpose of gaining a sectional
and party triumph or securing for themselves and
their followers the high places of power and the
emoluments of office in the prosecution of uncon-
stitutional measures, would cause the Union of
their country to reel. Sir, in that struggle patri-
otism did not take counsel from prudence, as sug-
gested by the Senator from New York; but patri-
otism unwisely listened to the demands of ambi-
tion. If ever there was a blot and a blur upon the
statute-book of this country, it was the miscalled
compromise of 1820. It was a statute, since judi-
cially decided to be unconstitutional, which was
extorted from patriotism by the spirit of revolu-
tion and the suggestions of selfishness. Sir, ever
since I read the able and conclusive argument of
the eloquent and gifted Pinckney upon the Mis-
souri restriction, I have regarded the motives that
demanded it, and the restriction itself, and the pro-
vision of the act of 1820, which attempted to pre-
scribe the conditions of the admission of States
into this Union, with a loathing and a detestation
which is only half removed by the tardy but
patriotic repeal of such conditions in 1854.
Mr. President, our opponents are given to much
talking about the aggressions of the slave power.
They would have the country believe—they even
have the effrontry to assert on this floor—that the
peace of that country, in reference to the institu-
tion of domestic slavery, would have been uni-
form and unbroken, hati it not been for the un-
reasonable and unconstitutional demands of that
power. To history I appeal. Let her decide the
controversy. Who was it that created the excite-
ment in 1819 and 1820? Was it the friends and
supporters of the equal rights of the States, those
who then favored the principle that each State and
the people of each Territory when they came to
form a constitution, preparatory to their admis-
sion as a State into the Union, should form and
regulate their own domestic institutions in their
own way; or was it those who thought as the
Republican party now profess to think, that Con-
gress should form and regulate those institutions
for the people of the Territories? Had the slave
propagandists of the South forced slavery upon
the people of Missouri? Had 4< border ruffians"
from other States expelled the friends of freedom
from her fertile plains ? Had not her own people,
freely, of their own choice, established among
themselves the relation of master and slave? Did
she not, with that relation thus established, apply
for admission as a State into the Union? Ilad
not Congress thepowcrtoadmither? Would there
have then been any excitement in the country in
reference to slavery if objection had not been made
to her admission? Who made that objection?
Was it the Democratic party of that day; was it
the Representatives from the slaveholding States,
or was it the Representatives from the non-slave-
holdmg States; those who, for the accomplishment
of partisan purposes, had become the advocates
of the Free-Soil principle which has since become
intensified into modern Republicanism? By the
record the assertions of the Republican party are
refuted. By the record, the enemies, not the friends,
of domestic slavery are proved to be responsible
for the first excitement since the formation of the
Constitution upon this subject.
But, sir, we are told by the Senator from New
York, that the " question of 1820 was identically
the question of 1860, so far as principle, and even
the field of its application, was concerned. Every
element of the controversy now present entered it
then: the rightfulness or the wrongfulness of sla-
very; its effects, present, and future; the consti-
tutional authority of Congress; the claims of the
States, and of tlicir citizens; the nature of the
Federal Union, whether it is a compact between
the States, or an independent Government; the
springs of its power, and the ligatures upon their
