1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2425
ture of, the title they were buying; to keep them
straight; to preventtheserude, untutored inhabit-
ants from engaging in operations in relation to
land titles, of which necessarily they were igno-
rant. lie was the counselor of the public. When
men sold land they sold it in no other way than
going before the royal notary, and presenting
then- titles and conveying from hand to hand ac-
cording to the titles, which all were deposited
with hnn, which he knew thoroughly, a'nd which
it was his duty to preserve recorded for the com-
mon safety and security of the people whose busi-
ness lie daily transacted.
Now, sir, by looking at Senate document 144,
of the second session of the Twenty-Fifth Con-
gress*—which is not referred to in my friend's re-
port, and which probably was not brought to 1)is
notice—he will find placed before Congress, by
Messrs. Preston and Manning, who, as heirs of
Wade Hampton, had the great interest in this
controversy, the little contingent interest held by
my colleague. Certainly I knew it years ago, but
it never entered my head when I initiated this le-
gislation. I was looking to the security of the
titles to millions of property situated on the Mis-
sissippi river, comprehending vast plantations, all
worked by steam engines, and belonging to doz-
ens upon dozens of proprietors, and amounting
in money to a sum that I should be afraid even to
suggest. That was the class of titles that I was
aiming to have secured against any further litiga-
tion by the General Government. -My object was
to drive the United States out of my State, after
half a century of trouble and litigation; to get them
away from our lands, that the titles might be se-
cure, that the people might repose in peace, and
that whatever difficulty or litigation remained in
relation to titles in my State should be between
private claimants, anil not between them and the
General Government, which never can be brought
into court, and winch never will come into court,
but which, like a huge, overshadowing night-
mare, has held its vague, uncertain, and dark
claim over whole districts of country in my State
for half a century, making it utterly impossible to
get rid of it in any way. You cannot sue it; it
will not sue; and there the land lies without con-
firmation, claimed by the people, claimed by the
Government, and 110 possibility of putting ail end
to this litigation. That is the position of large
tracts of land in my State now, and it was to put an
end to that state of things that the bill of 1858 was
reported, the legislation of which 1 thoroughly
approved, and by which tins day 1 stand.
Well, sir, what was the very first movement
made m relation to this grant by the Spanish au-
thorities, in the year 1776—the very first? Here
is a sale made on the 5th of March, 1778, by
Maurice Conway, this grantee, to Oliver Pollock,
in which he comes before the royal notary, Don
Andres Almonaster y Roxas, and sells to Pollock
" thirty-six arpents of land front, with a depth to
the lake, distant twenty-two leagues from the
city, on the upper side, which tract of land "—
now, the whole tract was ninety-six arpents—
" which tract of land, together with a larger por-
tion "—1 read in English, the document is in
Spanish, and open to several gentlemen here who
understand the language; I am compelled to read
it in English, of course—11 which tract of land,
together with a larger portion, I purchased jointly
with Don Alexander Latil on the 15th of October,
in the year 1774; and on the 4th of January, 1776,
the aforesaid Latil sold me the half that belonged
to him, both which writings were passed before
the present notary; and notwithstanding in the
first writing there is no statement of the depth
which the aforesaid portion of land has, except
that it is greater than half a league, I having rep-
resented to the honorable Governors General of
this Province, Don Luis de Unzaga, and Don Ber-
nardo Galvez, the former gave permission to Don
Luis Andry to go upon the land in the district of
La Fourchc, there to measure it and put me in
possession of what I wanted beyond the part
which had been sold to me; and accordingly the
said Don Louis Andry, having executed this
order on the 9th of October, 1776, by virtue of
what had been ordered by the aforesaid Governor
General, by his decree of the 27th of September
of the same year, he measured the said land in
my presence from the limits of Don Francisco
Ducliam, up to the land of Don Miguel Chiason,
the boundaries being pointed out by Calajabe, the
Indian chief of the nation Bayabula, or Houmas,
from whom the said Latil had bought the said
land, formerly for the sum of $100 "—that was"
the value of this immense property! One hundred
dollars it cost!—"and lie found that the said land
had ninety-six arpents front, and a depth to the
lake." That was in 1778. It is settled before the
royal not.ary, with the references to the decrees
under which it was granted, with a depth to the
lake. Now, if we follow up the action upon this
property, we find that Mr. William Conway, the
heir of Don Maurice Conwajt, in the year  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would thank' the hon-
orable Senator, if lie has the words there in that
grant, if he will be kind enough to repeat the
exact language.
~  - The words in the sale that
Mr. BENJAMIN.
I have just read?
Mr. 'DOOLITTLE.
Mr. BENJAMIN,
nate the depth ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE.
Mr. BENJAMIN,
designated in the sale
Yes, sir.
The words which desig-
Yes, sir.
The depth is repeatedly
I have only read one pas-
sage"from it: "The said land was found- to have
ninety-six arpents front, and a depth to the lake,
and as I had not bought more than forty arpents
of it in virtue of the order issued by the said Don
Luis Unzaga, he"—speaking of Andry,the sur-
veyor—"put me in possession of all the rest as
far back as the said lake." Now, the Senators
who do me the honor to follow this argument will
perceive that the solitary question ever raised by
this Government was, whether granting all the
land in the rear meant the land back to the lake.
The surveyor having run the side lines only two
arpents beyond the original forty for the purpose,
as he himself says, of not allowmgthe rhomb line
to deviate (" non deviaro rhombo") and there
planted the stakes, pursued the survey no further
back, and it was because he surveyed in this way
that the entire difficulty has since arisen from per-
sons ignorant of the fact that that was the only
way in which lands were ever surveyed in Lou-
isiana, as I shall soon proceed to show. They
never ran out the side lines; but they started
the side lines, and established their direction and
reported the fact that they had started them and
established the direction; and I have before me
the certificate of the surveyor general of Louis-
iana of cases taken indiscriminately, as he says,
from the books before him of sixty-odd surveys
made at that time, everyone made exactly in that
way, and all since confirmed with their entire
depth by the General Government without the
slightest objection. This is the only one thathas
ever been objected to on that ground, and that for
causes which I shall proceed to show to the Sen-
ate, from the improper and unjust action of the
subordinate officers of the Land Department, who,
in defiance of law, in defiance of the prohibition
of Congress, permitted entries upon the land
claimed by these owners, which they have owned
for nearly a century, and thus created a mass of
private opposing interests in violation of the be-
neficent intent of Congress in relation to lands
under the treaty of cession with Prance.
I have just read to the Senatca sale of thisland
made the second year after the grant, distinctly
stating that the sale is for the depth to the lake,
and that Andry's gift of possession was a pos-
session to the lake. In 1795 it so happened that
Maurice Conway was dead, and William Con-
way, his nephew, found himself involved on ac-
count of certain transactions of security in which
his uncle had been engaged,and itbecame neces-
sary for William Conway to give security by
mortgage to a gentleman who had become his
surety in a certant transaction; and thereupon he
mortgaged a part of the land which he had inher-
ited from Ills uncle,a part of this tract. Howwas
this described in the act? On the 5th of February,
1795, passed before the successor of the former
notary—this one is Carlos de Armas—these names
known to the history of Louisiana, the succes-
sive royal notaries who held in their possession
all the archives ofthe province. William Conway,
in 1795, as heir of Maurice, speaks of an adjudi-
cation which had been made to him " of the en-
tire property enumerated in the inventory of the
aforesaid Don Maurice Conway, which had been
made by the undersigned notary on the 16th of
December, 1793," relates his purchase of all the
property of his uncle's estate, and takes out a part
of it for the purpose of mortgaging it; any how
does he mortgage it? He mortgagee " a planta-
tion belonging to him, situated on the coast of the
Acadians and the country of the Houmas, distant
twenty-five leagues from the city, composed of
about thirty arpents in front, with the depth to
the lake, which, about ten years before, 1 had pur-.
chased from the aforesaid Don Maurice, by a
writing which is in the office of Don Pedesclaux,
together with the negroes—Naas,thirty-nineyears
of age; John Louis, twenty-eight years of age;
Baptiste, twenty-eight years of age, and Nanov, a
negress, of fifteen years of age." So that ten years
before this date, he said he had acquired a cer-
tain title from his uncle by act before the notary,
now makes a mortgage, and in both of these
deeds the land is described with its depth to the
lake. Each of these deeds is a public archive
under this system of laws; and in order that Sen-
ators may not suppose that there is in this any-
thing in the least uncommon, 1 will say to them
that the large body of the grants in the island of
Orleans was from the river to the lake; and I have
here a township map showing the whole series of
them running directly through from the river to
the lake. There is scarcely a grant in the entire
township that does not run from the river to the
lake. They have all been confirmed by Congress
from the river to the lake. The difference be-
tween these grants and the one now before the
Senate arises simply from the circumstance that
this grant was made at part of the river where
there was a bend, and as the side lines of the front
tract were on each side of the point they opened,
and the opening made an enormous additional
quantity when the side lines were protracted,
which perhaps was not considered by the Gov-
ernor when he made the grant, but which the pri-
vate proprietor had a perfect right to demand, and
the Governor a perfect right to grant, I thimt it
is exceedingly probable that, if when this was
asked of Governor Unzaga, and Governor Galvez,
they had known that the side lines of the first
tract opened one hundred and twenly degrees, as
they appeared afterwards upon survey to open,
instead of directing that the land in the rear should
be granted with the same lines, and in the same
direction as the front lines, which they did, they
would have ordered it to be done by parallel lines;
but they did not; they ordered the additional
depth to be granted by continuing the side lines
in the original direction, and it is this opening of
the side lines that has given a front tract of four
thousand acres, an addition of one hundred and
seventy orone hundred and eighty thousand acres.
You may say what you please about the Gov-
ernor having given the right without knowing
what he wasabout, improvidently,ifyou choose,
but he nevertheless gave the grant—gave the
patent, and that patent was in existence before
this Government was born. Here, in the town-
ship just below, [exhibiting the map,] the lines go
back from the river to the lake, but they go back
in parallel lines. There is one of them in which
the lints open, but they do not open as much.
Here is an opening line; here is the river; here
are the grants of the tracts all running back to
Lake Pontchartrain. All the grants in Louisiana
here were given on the river, and when the lines
were parallel, they ran back parallel. Here are
the opening lines. Observe the increased quantity
of land that these opening lines give. Now, if
this were turned the other way, ana the sidelines
ranin a different direction, opening here,each side
line being always perpendicular to the river front,
that would make an opening of one hundred and
twenty degrees, as occurred in this particular
case, and it spread at once over a quarter of a
circle; and in that way these parties may have
got advantage of the Government, but their grant
was made in 1776; and at the time France ceded
Louisiana to the United States, all that land had
passed through half a dozen conveyances, and
was in the hands of third parties who had bought
it and paid their money for it.
But, Mr. President, this is not all. There are
others of these conveyances made long before Lou-
isiana became the property of the United States.
It so hanpened that a piece of this land fell into
the hanis of a certain Colonel St. Maxent. This
Colonel St. Maxent died. Now, the safety of the
entire population of lower Louisiana has always
depended upon keeping the front levees in good
order, and therefore, to the presenthour, our paro-
