40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 10,
36th Cong-.... 1st Sess.
Progress of Anli-Slaveryisrn—Mr. Gurry.
Ho. oe Reps.
as a philosopher, a statesman, and a citizen of a
common country.
The averment I make, Mr. Clerk, is that the
ideas, the principles, the politics of the Republi-
can party are necessarily and inherently and es-
sentially hostile to the Constitution and to the
rightsand interests of the South. The arguments
tl^ed assume an antagonism between the sections,
an irrepressible conflict between opposing and en-
during forces; and if slavery be what you allege it
to be in your school-rooms, your pulpits, through
your public lectures, your political addresses, your
legislative resolves, your congressional speeches,
he is the most criminal who stops short in his
career and hesitates at the exercise of the neces-
sary means for its extinguishment. If slavery be
a crime against God and against humanity, if it
be a curse to society, if it contain the fruitful seeds
of immedicable woes, it is as idle to talk of mod-
eration and the Constitution and non-interference
with the rights of the South, as it would be to at-
tempt to propel a skiff up the surging cataract of
Niagara. Inflaming the public mind, cultivating
scctional hostility, impregnating the public con-
science with the germ of your doctrines, you array
agencies and put in motion elements that must
have their logical development and result. The
Lord George Gordon riots, of 1780, when London
was in the possession of an infuriated mob, headed
by a madman, and when the proceedings of Par-
liament were almost suspended, when " civil au-
thority was prostrated" under the influence of the
I savage cry of " no popery/' are but a fair illus-
A tration of the effect of fanaticism and folly. The
recent incursion that has been made into the State
' of Virginia, although disavowed and repudiated—
as I have no doubt it honestly and conscien-
tiously is by most, if not all, of the gentlemen on
the other side of the House—is, in my judgment,
the necessary, logical, and inevitable sequence of
your principles and your doctrines.
I propose now to address myself calmly and
inoffensively to this House and to the country,
and to show the effect and the necessary conse-
j quencc of this anti-slavery agitation and feeling.
/ I am conscious of the fact that there are in the
  northern States two distinct anti-slavery organi-
zations—one represented by William Lloyd Gar-
rison, Phillips, May, and others; the other rep-
resented by the Republican party of the North.
And I repeat agftin, that I do not hold the Repub-
lican party personally responsible either for the
doctrines avowed or for the measures advocated
by the Garrison party. I have a different pur-
pose in the remarks tluit I shall submit to-day, and
that is, to demonstrate, if I am cflfte, that those of
you who now shrink back from the doctrines
avowed by that party will, either yourselves or
through your successors, be driven to the .assump-
tion of these opinions. In 1835, in an addiess
issued by the anti-slavn y society of Massachu-
setts, participated in by William Lloyd Garrison
and others of that type of anti-slavery men, 1 find
recorded these sentiments:
" We have never advocated the ri<*ht of physical resist-
ance on the parr, of the oppressed. We assure our assail-
ant* that we would not sacrifice the life of a single slave-
holder to emancipate every slave in the United State*-..5""
That is the opinion which was promulgated
officially by William Lloyd Garrison, and those
whom my friend from Now York [Mr. Ci.ark]
affirms arc the Abolitionists proper. In 1859,
Wendell Phillips, a man who deserves the high
oulo^mm, intellectually, that was paid to him by
the distinguished member from Ohio, [Mr. Cou-
win,] in a speech made in Brooklyn, uses this lan-
guage, speaking of John Brown and his incur-
sion into Virginia;
C{ It is the natural result of anti-slavery teaching. For
one, I accept it; I expccted it/'
Thatis thcpositionmto which the Garrisonians
have been driven by this volume of anti-slavery
sentiment at the North. In 1852, the Whig party
of the Union, in their presidential convention—
and I believe two thirds of the Republican party
belonged to that organization—resolved that the
compromise measures of 1850, including the fu-
gitive slave law, were a finality, and were, m
principle and in substance, the settlement of the
slavery question. In «ix years from that time,
youfind the great State of Ohio, thiough its Repub-
lican convention, composed uf two thirds-? of that
same Whig party, resolving that the fugitive slave
law ought to be repealed, as being destructive of
the rights of the States and subversive of the
moral sense of mankind. What more, Mr. Clerk?
Those Democrats who have fallen off from our
organization into the Republican party were com-
mitted to the same extent by the Democratic con-
vention of the same year; and yet they have been
driven to the enunciation and advocacy of extreme
doctrines from which, three or four years ago, they
would have shrunk back with alarm and indigna-
tion.
Why, sir, what do we find? In the State of
Massachusetts they have nullified the fugitive
slave law. I have the bill before me in which
they have, in the most particular and specific man-
ner, met the p'oints presented in the fugitive slave
bill, and have practically and effectually nullified
that bill which was to carry out the plain and
unadorned letter of the Constitution. This bill
of the Legislature even goes so far that it appoints
commissioners, to be feed, paid, compensated by
the State of Massachusetts, who are to defend
the slaves in the courts of Massachusetts, and any
lawyer who represents the ?.asc of the claimant
is to be stricken from the roll of attorneys and
incapacitated from holding any office in the State.
And this has not been done alone m Massachu-
setts. In Wisconsin there is a similar statute
repealing or nullifying the fugitive slave law, and
preventing its execution, at least so far as the
whole power of the State can be brought to the
accomplishment of that purpose. There are pro-
visions of a similar tenor m other States of the
North. There was one in Ohio, which the Dem-
ocratic party struck from the statute-book; and
Vermont has now a similar law. I state these
things not just now for the purpose of condemn-
ing them, but to show that the Republican party
has been borne on, by the progress of events and
by the fanaticism of public opinion, to the admis-
sion of doctrines from which, but a short while
since, they would havo recoiled with horror
But that is not all.
A Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
boasted, in a speech which he made a year ago,
that upon that floor, and in this House, there
were twenty Republican Senators and a hundred
Republican members, while twenty years ago
there, were hardly so many men m the whole
northern States to avow their opinions. If I
may be allowed lo make a personal allusion, in
1844, I myself stood in Faneuil Hall, and heard
a speech of James G. Birney, the Liberty party
candidate for the* Presidency, when there were
but twenty or thirty present to share with him
his liberty-loving sentiments; and some of those
who were there, were, like myself, attracted by
curiosity tohcaraspeechupon such a subjcct from
a candidate for such a position. It is thus that
an ti-slaveryism lias swelled, enlarged, ami crown,
until at the last presidential election a mere polit-
ical adventurer, unknown to the multitude, with-
out political antecedents, received one million four
hundred thousand votes in the northern States.
And yet we are told—the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio [Mi'.Corwin] told us—that we need not
have any apprehension or feel any special alarm.
Mr. Clerk, when the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Nklson,] the other day, in a speech in
which, at one bound, he sprang into the front rank
of debaters of this House, eulogized the Know
Nothing party, it was received with tumultuous
applause by the Republicans; thus publicly tes-
tifying their ancient connection with the order.
The occasion was not omitted m which to mani-
fest the depth and intensity of their contempt and
scorn for foreigners and for Roman Catholics,
while they have no special repulsion for the black
race, tinder the constitution and laws of Mas-
sachusetts, there is no ineligibility to disqualify a
negro from being Governor of the State. The
period within which foreigners can vote has been
extended two years, while the negro is allowed
to vote, without any restriction, after lie has ar-
rived of age. 1 am also informed that the word
" white" has been stricken out of the militia bill,
and blacks are to stand side by side with the whites
of that State in their military parades.
This fanaticism is becoming uncontrollable. The
indications are to be found in the underground
railroads, and in the oiforts to rescue negroes in
the northern States. You find them in the con-
tributions of large amounts of money to circulate
incendiary pamphlets throughout the South, and
in wide-spread sympathy for a murderer and
traitor. You find them in the personal liberty
bills, habeas corpus bills, and mandamus bills, and
in the impeachment of judicial officers for execut-
ing the fugitive slave law. You may think this
anti-slavery sentiment a peaceful river, flowing
quietly within its embankments, upon which you
may ride safely into place and power, but it will
rise as a flood and engulf the vessels on its
bosom, and sweep away whatever opposes its
resistless fury.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] in his
very adroit speech, intended to mollify the hos-
tility of the South towards Republicanism, at-
tempted to allay our fears and quiet our appre-
hensions from the fact that there was no more
territory to be acted upon at this session of Con-
gress. Did it not occur to the very distinguished
gentleman to inquire, then, whercfoie the neces-
sity of the Republican organization, which came
into existence, distinctly, avowedly, and solely
for the purpose of the prevention of slavery in the
Territories? If you do not intend to inflict wrong
upon the South, or interfere with slavery, and if
there be no question upon which your doctrines
can be practically applied, dissolve your organi-
zation and put it out of your power to do us in-
jury. The gentleman, as well as my friend from
New York, [Mr. Clark,] in his remarks to-day,
was singularly infelicitous in his definition of
abolitionism, and his explanation of the princi-
ples of the Republican party, preferring, I suppose,
that we should rather repose in the vagueness of
a fallacy than to be tormented with the precision
of a logical definition.
* Now, Mr. Clerk, I propose to try, by the test
of fact and of logic, whether there be any cause
for apprehension on the part of the South, and
whether there be any occasion for anxiety in ref-
erence to the questions which are before the peo-
ple. At the South, with the institution of slavery
m our midst, we are not accustomed to distinguish
very accurately and precisely between the differ-
ent degrees of opposition to us and to our insti-
tutions; but I submit to the House and the coun-
try, so far as they may honor What I say with
audience and perusal, that the measures which
are presented by the Republican party are of im-
minent danger to the Constitution and the South
and the country at large. What arc those meas-
ures? If a convention were again assembled for
the purpose of forming a Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, would New England, or would New
York, agree to the present provision for the de-
livery of fugitives from labor? Would New York,
New England, Michigan, and other northern
States agree to the provision in the Constitution
to suppress insurrection? Would Massachusetts
agree to the provision allowing slave representa-
tion in the Congress of the United States?
Without speculating upon what might be done
in a convention to frame a Constitution for the
United States, I ask you, gentlemen, and I put it
to your hearts and your consciences, whether, if
you had the power, you would not modify or
repeal the fugitive slave law? Would you5 If I
take the declaration of the State of Ohio, in its Re-
publican convention, I am authorized to say that
you would. If I take the declarations of your
prominent men, who hold high official positions
as Senators, Representatives, and Governors, I
am authorized to say that you would—that that
clause of the Constitution would be practically
made void and of no effect, by your legislation,
if you had the control of this country. 1 go further
still. I ask you, and if necessary I will pause for
a reply, had you the power, would you not abol-
ish slavery in the District of Columbia? Your
great Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] said
that he would; and he, m time past, introduced a
bill to secure that object. I aslc you, and I press
the question home upon you, whether, if you were
in power, you would not use the legislation of this
country, and all the functions of this Government,
to abolish slavery and render slave property in-
secure in the forts, arsenals, dock-yards, and other
places subject to the jurisdiction of the United
States* No negative response comes up that I
hear.
