462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
crats at the North. Well, sir, the South would
again have become a unit, in my opinion; but
another new party is formed. The Opposition
party in my own State, the American party, was
formally disbanded, and a new party formed. I
tried to prevent it, and uiged the people every-
where to be united, and stand insido of the Dem-
ocratic organization; believing, as I did, that the
Democratic party was the only party that had
the will and the power to successfully oppose
the march of the Republican party in triumph to
power.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Clerk, my colleague says,
in liis remarks here, that the American party of
Georgia lias formally disbanded.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. By its executive com-
mittee.
Mr. HILL. Ey the executive committee. I
do not gainsay that statement; but I have always
said,.however, that that committee exceeded its
powers, m my judgment; and, so far asl am con-
cerned, I declined accepting a nomination for re-
election to this House, in my district, unless it
was tendered me by the Amenean party proper.
It was so given mo.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will not dispute upon
that subject.
Mr. HILL. I merely wanted to set you
right.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, sir, I am simply
stating a historical fact, and stated it right. The
American party did, by their executive commit-
tee, formally disband that party. They formed
an Opposition party, nominated their candidate
for Governor, and run him as the Opposition party.
How the gentleman run, 1 do not know.
Mr. HILL. As an American. The; candidate
for Governor as American and Opposition.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. American and Opposi-
tion.
Well, sir, here we are to-day, the Democratic
party in the minority, the Republican party not
quite a majority, and the anti-Lecompton Demo-
crats and South Americans holding the balance of
Eower. Suppose the people of the South had
ceded the voice of the Democracy, what would
have been the condition of this House ? The South
united, we should have enough Demounts to elect
a Speaker, and long since tins House would have
been organized, in my opinion, by the election of
a national Democrat as Speaker. 1 do not doubt
it. I do not mean to say that the South Ameri-
cans are unsound upon Llie slavery question. Far
from it; but on account of old prejudice against
the name Democrat, many of them will not vote
with us. Past party conflicts have engendered
so much bad feeling, that some of them will not
make the sacrifice of feeling, or do not do so—
have not yet done so. 1 say to you, gentlemen,
the people are every who e in the South expecting
you to vote fur a national Democrat for Speaker.
Why do you not do it? Several of our Slate Le-
gislatuies have urged it, and they but reflect the
voice of the whole people. Be not deceived, this
is the general expectation.
Mr. Clerk, instead of pursuing this course, we
are wasting the time of the country m fruitless
ballots; and I sec from the papers of this city that
continual meetings are being held to form another
party, further to divide the people of the South;
to keep up potties there at a time when every
southern man, impelled by a .sense, of common
danger, should stand shoulder to shoulder in de-
fense of our firesides. I eannot change this state
of things; if it were possible, by anything' I could
say, I would do it. 1 ask, in all sincerity, is this
a time to form new parties? Who in this Hall,
at this particular time, applaud eulogies to the
Union? Mostly the Republican party. Who is
endangering the American Union ? Who is it that
makes war upon the rights of one section ? iVo
man from the South. The Black Republicans are
the only party that propose measures that endan-
ger the Union; it is the only party whose policy
tends to disunion. With loud professions of love
for the Union, I have shown how they propose
to subvert it by utterly disregarding the Consti-
tution and the just constitutional rights of fifteen
States. Are we, sir, to stand like stolid blocks
while our rights are being invaded and even our
soil polluted by an armed band of tiaitors, who
seek to lay waste our country and stir up insur-
rection, arson, muider, and servile war, and bawl
Union, Union? No, sir; never!
Mr. Clerk, our cry should be the Constitution
and its faithful enforcement—Obedicncc to the law
of the land and the decision of our Supreme Court—
justice- and right. When this shall be heeded
by the people of the North, I will then talk for
the Union. When they shall return to their duty,
let us and our slaves alone, execute and enforce
the guarantees of the Constitution, cease to plun-
der us of our slaves, tear up their underground
railroads, repeal their odious obstructions to the
enforcement of the right of our people to the ren-
dition of fugitive slaves—then and not until then
I will join the cry in favor of the Union. The
Black Republicans arc now working in the load
in the cry of Union; they whose policy and meas-
ures alone endanger the Union cry out in this
Hall with a loud voice, and revamp the patriotic
sentiment of the hero of the ^Hermitage—"the Fed-
eral Union, it shall be preserved." Why, sir, no
man at the South proposes to dissolve the Union,
if their rights are respected and the Constitution
regarded. And I propound the question: who is
willing to submit to dishonor, degradation, and
disgrace ? Who will surrender every right to an
unscrupulous and unprincipled majority, who an-
nounce in advance of their inauguration to power
our entire subjugation, and the destruction of our
property? I respectfully submit to my constitu-
ents at the South that this is no time for southern
men to engage in the formation of a new party.
This cry of Union at the North, I fear, is to
lull us into security. John Brown's raid into
Virginia has waked up the people of the South
to the true designs of northern Abolitionists; and
when we reflect that John Brown himself was a
poor broken-down "horse thief," an infamous
assassin, without money, that he organized near
Harper's Ferry, in Virginia, with forty or fifty
thousand dollars' worth of arms and ammunition,
and such .arms—Sharpe's rifles, more than one
thousand, fifteen hundred pikes—one was at the
Capitol yesterday—a most cruel butchering pike,
to murder our people, men, women, and children.
These arras were made at the North, the money
and means furnished by your people, by men of
influence and wealth, one of whom had been a
member of tlus House; and that, according to the
testimony of Mr. Forbes, Mr. Seward, now and
then a Senator of the United States, when ill-
formed of this intended murderous invasion into
a slave State, only replied, " I had better not have
been told anything of it." This man, sworn to
support the Constitution, thus, if Forbes speaks
the truth, is to all intents and purposes an accessory
before the fact. I ask again, is this a time to cry
glorious Union? Lotus cry justice and the Consti-
tution. I say, let there be a Union of the south-
ern men to act with true northern Democrats m
defense of the Constitution.
Mr. Clerk, when wo assembled in this Hall, on
the first Monday m Decemberlast, we found upon
the floor of this House, forty members who had
" cordially indorsed" Helper's Impending Crisis
of the South, a book which proposes arson, mur-
der, rapine, insurrection, and servile war. Among
other sentiments m that book will be found those
appended to the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Missouri. Among the signers of that
cordial indorsement is the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, the candidate of the Black Republican
party for Speaker.
In response to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mi-.Mili.son,] that candidate said that, once for
all, he would not be catechized. He explained
by a letter from Mr. Blair how he came to sign
the recommendation, and one from Governor
Morgan, of New York, and would simply say,
he had said five times that he was opposed to any
interference with the rights of slaveholders in the
States by the people of the free States. I have
already shown how that party regard the rights of
slaveholders. No man, they say, can have prop-
erty in man. But, sir, that book is not addressed
to the people of the non-slavelioldmg States. The
peculiar feature of that book is that it is addressed
to the non-slaveholder in the slaveliolding States,
and to the negroes m the same States; and the
honorable gentleman did not., in his disclaimer,
meet the case; and I assert that to this day he has
not disclaimed, on the floor of this House, the
sentiments, opinions, and doctrines of that book;
and he utterly refuses to do so. He refuses to
speak on account of the pendency of the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri. Let him con-
tinue to do so; it is a matter of taste. On this
floor are the Representatives of fifteen slaveliold-
ing States. Prima /acte, the case is against the
honorable member from Ohio. There is the in-
dorsement, stating his opinion of us, and it is not
a very complimentary one. We are the party
injured; he is the wrong-doer, and it is for him to
make the amend. I do not ask him to explain.
I would scorn to do it. We understand how to
protect ourselves. We have done him no wrong.
We arc seeking to make a record for ourselves.
I cordially approve the resolution of the gentle-
man from Missouri. I am anxious to vote for it.
I ask no explanation; it was due to us that it
should have been made if any could be; none
satisfactory has been made. Then we stand thus:
the indorsement is here; the gentleman does not
explain; we take it as it is, and say that no one
who indorses those sentiments is fit to be Speaker
of this House. I am willing to say it., and vote
it every day of this Congress, and at the end of
this Congress. If the honorable gentleman inad-
vertently signed that cordial indorsementlie should
have been glad of an opportunity to say so, and
to have seized the opportunity to disclaim the
sentiments of the book. I have always under-
stood it as an evidence of true manhood to repair
an injury unintentionally done to another's feel-
ings. But, sir, " rfe gusiibus nil disputandum;"
let it be understood, however, that the honorable
gentleman never has used the words put into his
mouth by the gentleman from Tennessee; he has
never disclaimed the opinions, sentiments, aims,
and objects of the Helper book.
There is another thing that should not be for-
gotten. That man Helper, some months prior to
that " cordial indorsement," was exposed by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina in the Sen-
ate, and denounced as a thief, and this was placed
upon the records of Congress; and not only that,
this same Helper assaulted a member of this House
[Mr. Craige, of North Carolina,] in his seat about
this same work; and, I respectfully submit, the
honoiable gentleman from Ohio was too careless,
too unmindful of public events when he indorsed
this author's work without knowing the contents
of the book. Sir, if ever there was a clear case
of criminal negligence, this is the one, if it were a
crime to indorse cordially that Helper work.
Mr. Clerk, in view of the surrounding perils to
the country, and the dangers to the southern sec-
tion of the Union, where can safety be found? I
answer, sir, in the principles of the Democratic
party, and inside of its organization. It is the only
hope of the country. The American party exists
not at all at the North. It has been swallowed up
in that end of the Union by the Black Republican
party; it is in the minority in every State of the
CJnion, and cannot control the country. The Re-
publican party do not intend to disband, but,
flushed with recent successes, will strike for vic-
tory. The Democratic party will continue to exist.
Its principles, founded in eternal truth, are as un-
dying as immortality itself. Founded upon the
Constitution of the United States, ever maintaining
its glorious principles of civil and religious liberty,
the party cannot perish until the Constitution is
destroyed.
Mr. HILL. With the permission of my col-
league, I desire to ask him if it is a thing to be de-
plored if this Union movement should have the
effect to divide the Republican party ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. How can that be: Has
not the Republican party announced their ends
and aims ? Does the gentleman believe that the
Republican party intends to take down its plat-
form? Does it intend to dissolve ? Can the gen-
tleman hope or believe that those old Whigs in
that Republican party, who became denational-
ized, sectionalized, in 1850 and 1854, and went
over to the Free-Soilers, can safely be trusted to
defend the interests of the South ? Do you be-
lieve that those whom you have met as members
of the American council at the North, and who
are now hero as Republicans, can safely be trusted
with the rights, the interests, and honor of the
South ?
Mr. HILL. In this very friendly colloquy with
my colleague, I state, and I state it knowingly,
that there are many gentlemen associated in po-
litical life with the Republican party, who do not
naturally belong there, and who do not cordially
sympathize with that party. They are arc in an
unnatural position. Wp propose to organize a
