1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Union party, based upon attachment to the Gov-
ernment and upon the enforcement of existing
laws—all of them. It is not probable that a large
majority of the Republican party will unite with
us for those purposes, but a portion of them may;
and the question X ask is: would it be a national
misfortune to make a division among that party?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask my friend from
Georgia what evidence he has upon which he pre-
dicates the idea that any portion of the Republi-
can party will come over to the new party ?
Mr. HILL. I answer very frankly and am
glad of the opportunity to answer. A portion of
the gentlemen here, who are, in common parlance,
classed as Republicans, to wit: gentlemen elected
to this House as "People's party" men, have
shown to the country and to their constituents
their nationality by voting for a South American,
in the person of John A. Gilmer, of North Car-
olina. By that act they proved that they are not
sectional m their views. I do hope that tllis class
of men will unite with the party we propose to
inaugurate, and thereby separate themselves from
the Republican party.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Sir, I cannot account
for the hopes of the gentleman. He says they
have shown that they are national men by voting
for Hon. Mr. Gilmer. I respond, by saying that
they first showed they were sectional men, belong-
ing to the Black Republican party, by voting, first
for Mr. Grow, ana then for Mr. Sherman. If
voting for Mr. Gilmer once or twice, is evidence
that they are national men, doesnot the voting for
Mr. Grow and Mr. Sherman some thirty times
demonstrate that they are sectional men, standing
upon a platform with sectional Abolitionists ?
Mr. HILL. I am not the defender of those
gentlemen. They are able to take eare of them-
selves. I am speaking upon the question of ex-
pediency; and I simply ask the gentleman if it
would be it. misfortune if a new party should
spring up which would have the effect to divide
the Republicans? I think, myself, the Democrats
would be glad to divide them m the great States
of New York and Pennsylvania, and in other
States; for, unless they do, it seems to me there
is little chance for the nominee of the Charleston
convention.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We will take care of
that in the character of our nominee.
Mr. HILL. Not unless you take the strongest
man of your party, Judge Douglas.
' Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, Judge Douglas.
You hare thrown him into my face four or five
times. It is true he stood up for the rights of the
South in relation to the Missouri restriction and
its repeal. Now I do not intend to be diverted
from the course of my remarks, though I will
answer; you have thrown Judge Douglas three
times at me.
Mr HILL. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let me talk a while.
I have the fioor. You talk to me about south-
ern men uniting in a party organization with the
honorable gentleman, Mr. Thaddeus Stevens, of
Pennsylvania. He is one of the gentlemen who
voted for Mr. Gilmer. I tell my colleague that
no time, place, or circumstance will allow me to
trust the rights of my constituents in the hands
of the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
neither will I go into political association with him.
Mr. HILL. With all respect, both to the ab-
sent gentleman from New York, and to my col-
leaue, I ask if he spurns political affiliation with
the honorable member from New York, Mr. John
Cochrane.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No sir.
Mr. HILL. The Buffalo platform builder.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Oh, sir, Mr. Cochrane
can speak for himself.
Mr. HILL. He can, and I hope my colleague
will speak for himself. If the gentleman from
New York will help to imike up a Democratic
majority, he will answer the purpose very well,
for that is what you want.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not trying to build
up a party in opposition to the Democratic party,
which stands by the constitutional rights of my
constituents, out of Black Republican materials.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman is conceding that
the new party to be formed must be more conserv-
ative, more national, than the Democratic party;
otherwise, his northern Democratic friends will
not forsake their own party to join it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The northern Democrats
never will join it. Where is the gentleman going
at the North for men more conservative or more
national than the Democrats ? Do you expect to
find men now in the party organization, known
here as Black Republicans, to organize a national
Union party, and have a branch of it at the South?
Organize it at the North, if you want to; but why
do you want a wing of it at the South ? Who at
the South asks for anything the South is not en-
titled to ? Why do you seek to overthrow at the
South that party organization which stands by
the Constitution and your rights, and asks nothing
else and nothing more? Tlie-question has been
put to my southern Opposition fnends upon this
fioor, over and over agam, what it is that the most
extreme southern men ask that the South is not
justly entitled to ?
Mr. HILL. Of course the gentleman wishes
Oh, no, my specch will
an answer.
Mr. UNDERWOOD.
never come to an end.
Mr. HILL. I am ready to answer it. My an-
swer is this: there are upon this floor, and in many
places in the South, gentlemen of high intelligence
and position in the country, who believe, from
what has already occurred in this Republic, that
its days should be numbered, and that already the
bond should be destroyed that unites this great
American people. The gentleman knows there
are such, and that they belong to the Democratic
party, or that their associations are with that party.
Does the gentleman sympathize with those pur-
poses and designs ? For one, I do not. It is for
this that I would inaugurate a new party; it is be-
cause I think these views are extreme. They are
hurtful to the country, and I do not wish their
success. I have stated my reasons. But I will
not interrupt the gentleman, or interfere with his
time. I state, once for all, that I am exceedingly
soiry to perceive that the gentleman seems to mis-
apprehend the purpose and tone of my remarks.
If there is anything of heat, or anger, or distaste-
fulness, exhibited by me, I am exceedingly unfor-
tunate. I did not intend to make a solitary remark
during the gentleman's speech, and I only rose to
correct a statement—nothing more. I state, at the
same time, that, with the erroneous notions pre-
vailing at the North, it is time that we should
bring together Constitution-loving men, North
and South, for the purpose of bringing the north-
em mind back to conservative views, and of de-
feating the objects of those in the South who, for
what has already occurred, would destroy this
Union.
It is hardly necessary for me to repeat what I said
the other day—that I am anxious to destroy and
break down the influence of the distinguished Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. Seward] in the ranks of
the Republican party. 1 would divide it as wide
asunder as the poles, because I do think it a hurtful
political association to this nation. Tliatis a point,
on which I am sure the gentleman agrees with me.
I am not to be responsible for the political sins of
everybody who happens to take shelter m the
party to which I belong; neither do I hold my
colleague to be. But when he makes a point on
me because I would accept certain moderate Re-
publicans on a new and distinct platform, pledg-
ing obedience to the laws as they exist, I simply
retort that there are gentlemen in the Democratic
party, in deservedly high standing for their intel-
ligence, with whom the gentleman does not agree,
yet does not disdain to associate. It is not ex-
actly expedient, in this great country of ours, to
repudiate everybody who is not as pure and spot-
less as the snow. We could not get along with
a party of that sort, and do not propose to inau-
gurate one which would be too critical in its admis-
sion of members, lest it should grow too slowly.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Does the gentleman ex-
pect that those men of the People's party from
the North, who are voting for John Sherman for
Speaker of this House, will unite with him in the
formation of a Union party that will give protec-
tion to slave property in the Territories?
Mr. HILL. I do hope it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, who are they?
Mr. HILL. I refer, for one, to the distin-
guished gentleman from Philadelphia [Hon. Ed-
ward Joy Morris] who spoke the other day in the
Eresence of Mr. Sherman, what he believed to
e Mr. Sherman's sentiments, and what he said
was not negatived by Mr. Sherman. He said if
it were negatived by Mr. Sherman, he would
cease to give him his vote. Mr. Morris stands
before the nation as a conservative, old-line Whig.
That is and has been his status. He commands
the respect of this body, in which he has served
before as a conservative man; and I do not believe
he is fanatical in any respect.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is the gentleman from
Pennsylvania present?
Mr. HILL. I do not know.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I wish to know
whether the gentleman from Georgia speaks by
his authority, when he says thatMr. Morris, of
Pennsylvania, will go for the protection of sla-
very in the Territories of the United States? My
friend from Georgia has said that without this
protection he would be willing to disrupt every
tie that binds us to the Union.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman does not quote
me exactly. I spolce of a Territory where sla-
very would naturally go.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes,sir; inaTerritory
where slavery would probably go. He says that
if slavery were excluded from such Territory, or
not properly protected there, he would be willing
to disrupt every tie that binds us to the Union.
That is the way 1 understood him. Has the gen-
tleman a right to say for Mr. Morris, of Penn-
sylvania, that he agrees with liim ? If the hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania occupies that
position, I respect him very highly for it.
Mr. HILL. I have never yet uttered the words
which my colleague puts in my mouth. He mis-
takes my position. I said on this fioor, on two
occasions, recently, that I would not insist on a
general law for the protection of slavery in the
Territories1.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, put it as you say.
Mr. HILL. I have said, and I repeat, that
when the case arises of a Territory that from its
location would invite naturally the institution of
slavery, and where, but for congressional prohi-
bition or the influence of popular or squatter sov-
ereignty, slavery would go and there remain; and
if the South were prevented by either of these
causes from carrying slaves there, while I was no
extreme southern man, bat a Union man in senti-
ment, I would unite with extreme southern men
in trying to defend my rights. That is what I
said.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now, do you say that
Mr. Morris, of Pennsylvania, agrees with you
in that sentiment'
Mr. HILL. I say this: that the Union party
to be inaugurated has no reference to that point
specifically.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Exactly, sir. Let the
reporters put that down. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. If it did, it might be classed as a
southern party; and we would not be likely to
find, outside of the slaveholding States, many
Democrats who agree with me on that subject. It
is not among the objects of the Union party to
decide questions about Territories that arc yet to
be acquired, but to deal with the exigencies of to-
day. I speak without having ever consulted one
solitary member of the Opposition on the right,
as to what they would do under any given cir-
cumstances, and without asking whether they
would join any such party as that. I speak only
inferentially from gentlemen's antecedents, and
nothing else; and I think we can tell pretty well,
when we know a man's history, what he may be
expected to do under given circumstances.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman says that
he speaks from gentlemen's antecedents. Let me
ask him which of the antecedents of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris] induce him to
believe that he will go for a law to protect the
owner of slaves m the Territories of the Union ?
Mr. HILL. I have distinctly stated that it is
no purpose of this new organization to cover ter-
ritorial policy, because that is a matter of schism
in the Democratic party itself. I stated distinctly
that that party is based on the Union and laws,
and the enforcement of those laws. Any gen-
tleman who is not inimical to tlie enforcement of
the fugitive slave law, which is not popular in the
free States, ri. in the main, a conservative man.
I regard all men who would assist in the enforce-
ment of that law as national men.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now, I ask the gentle-
man from Georgia if he did not, in response to the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] the
