1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2427
an act of Congress entitled {An act for ascertaining and
adjusting the titles and claims to land within the Territory
of Orleans and distnetof Louisiana,' approved Maicli 2,
1805; that fiom said book of minutes it appears that the
first meeting of said board took place on the *2d of Decem-
ber, 1W)5; that at the meeting of the board, composed of
John \V. Gurley, register; Joshua Lewis, and Benedict
Van Pr<xdeJle&,V-
Tins vvds an entirely different board from the
one that mucie the report—
"cormm^ionerp, held on the 3d March, 1808, all the mem-
bers being piesent, the claim o! Willnm Conway, No. 125,
and the claim of Daniel Clark, No. 127, were taken up,
examined, and confirmed; and that at the meeting of the
board, held on the 10th of March, 180S, John W. Gurley
and Benedict Van Pradelles being present, the claim of
William Donaldson and John W. Scott, No. 133, was ex-
amined and confirmed; said three claims being the tame
which are described by the same names and numbeis on
page 287 of the second volume of American State'Papers,
relating to public lands, Dulf Green's edition.
"LOUIS PALMS, Register. 
Now, the report which my friend has seen is
signed by different men—signed by Grimes, Rob-
ertson, and Lewis. These arc Gurley, Van
Pradelles, and Lewis; so that here aboard unani-
mously confirmed them a year before that report
was signed, and a year before the action reported
in the public printed reports of Congress. But,
sir, not only was that unanimously confirmed by
the tribunal selected by Congress itself; by a tri-
bunal which Congress had putup and invited the
inhabitants to come and spread their titles before;
a tribunal at which the United States was defended
by an officer appointed by itself, it was again re-
ported for confirmation in the report which my
friend has suggested; and again, when Congress
renewed, in 1833, another board, it was put bp-
fore the new board, composed of the register and
receiver, and again earnestly recommended for
confirmation.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator tell me, right
there, was not that first report printed with the
other one r
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is an extract from
the minutes; the other is the report. There were
a series of commissioners appointed, one after the
other. When they had concluded their labors
they made a report, wlneh was sent up here.
That report is signed by these gentlemen, who
were in office at the time. In that report a man,
who was not in office at the time these claims
wore examined says, so far as I have any author-
ity m the matter 1 dissent from the foregoing re-
port; but, at the same time, he says he was not a
member of the board that examined them. They
were examined by the board that preceded him,
and he took from the minutes of this board, as
they went along, the entire list of claims when
they were about to send them to Congress; and
all we have printed in the Land Office reports is
the report as m-ade to Congress. It was not the
full action of the board, but the minutes.
But the fact does not rest upon that certificate.
In Senate document No. 45, page 89, is a certifi-
cate issued from New Orleans in 1842:
" I do hereby certify that it appear", from an examina-
tion of the journal kept by the boaul of commissioner-* lor
the eastern district of the Territory of Orleans, that the
claim (No. 125) of William Conway, and that of Daniel
Clark (No. 127) were confiimed on the 3d day of Maieh,
1806' —
The same as this, only it does not give the
names of the commissioners—
"and further, that the claim (No. 133) of William Don
ald^on and John W. Scott was confiimed on the 10th of
March, 1608."
It d oes not give the names of the commissioners;
but I have got a new certificate, with the names of
the commissioners, for the purpose of showing it
was a scries of public officers; so that you have
them in 1S05 unanimous; you have them in this
report, two out of three; and again, in 1833, when
Congress had formed a new board, composed of
the register and receiver, they again said they
had made a thorough examination of this claim,
and earnestly pressed it for confirmation. My
friend sees, therefore, instead of being only two
out of three in 1806, there were first three, and
then two out of three, and then two, making seven
out of eight. Of course, those facts were not be-
fore him. He has never had any occasion what-
ever to look at the history of the old Louisiana
confirmations. It was impossible that he could
know them.
Now, in relation to the other officers, the Sen-
ator is mistaken in the statement that the only
public officer after this was Mr. Bibb. Mr. Bir-
chard, the Solicitor in 1836, reported to Congress
against confirming tljis, notwithstanding the fresh
report in their favor, and reasoned out the grounds
of objection, the principal of which was, as he
admitted in his opinion, in opposition to the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of'the United States,
which he said he thought were wrong. He said
that the Spanish Governor had no power to make
such a grant. But that opinion of Mr. Birehard,
so far from being the only one of the law officers
of the Government upon this subject, was after-
wards reviewed by another Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, who modestly suggests that he thought prob-
ably that it was his duty to be governed by the
decisions of the Supreme Court, and that, gov-
erned by the principles they had established, this
claim was undoubtedly valid. . I will refer to this
again. Here is the decision of Mr. Charles Hop-
kins, the Solicitor of the Land Office, made after
Mr. Birehard had reported against this claim,
made on the 30th of September,. 1841, in which
he says that, if the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States are to be followed, this is
unquestionably a valid claim:
"I will biiefly iccapitulate the points made and settled
in this examination :
" 1. That the treaty between the United States and the
French Republic, of April 30,1803. gum amies the titles held
by puvate persons in the ecded teriitoiy.
" 2. That the original title, fiom which that of the claim-
ant, William Conway, is derived, rightfully emanated fiom
the Ciown ot Spam, and is an authentic and valid title.
cc3. That the extent of the said title, as claimed, is con-
sidered legally substantiated.
"4. That the decision of the board of commissioners is
based on soundness of fact and ot law.
" 5. That the act of Congress of Apiii 18,1814, confirms
this claim.
6. That the claimant is entitled to a patent for the quan-
tity of land confirmed to him by the boaid of commisMon-
eis, and descubed in a transenptof the icport embodied m
this opinion.
'• In just.ee to Mr. Solicitor Birehard, for whom and for
whose legal opinions I entertain much respect, I may be
pcnmtted to remark that my view ol the Iloumas grant
differs from the one taken by him in an opinion dated De-
cember 2,1837, (No. 147,) chiefly from a different estimate
fifth*1 fleci.sions of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. Solicitor Birchaid did not seem to regard the opinion
of that couit lelativc to the claim to the tinet of land, of
which thii iy a pottion, as conclusive of it-^ menus on the
only important question involved—that of the restnetions
on the powei of the Spanish Governors in making giants of
Unds."
He then goes on to say he considers the Su-
preme Couit of the United States the only tribu-
nal todcterminethoscqucstions; thatitwas purely
a judicial question, and that the land officers must
be bound by those decisions. Upon that state of
facts, he reported to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that the grant was valid, and that it had been
confirmed. Th<? only point upon which he ex-
pressed a doubt, in the whole opinion, was the
point upon which, subsequently, Judge Campbell
set aside the patent, and it was this. He says,
in his opinion: «• ij
The claimant relics on an act of April 18,1814, (Laws, j j
Opinion?, &.C., part 1, p. '047,') entitled 'An act concerning '
eel tif.cates of confirmation of claims to lands in the Slate of 1
Louisiana.' J
The language of the act is not so explicit as to leave no •
ground (or a doubt. It however, sufficiently f>o to in- }
elude this ciann, by a liberal mtcrpictation of the terms em- i
pioved in the paugraph commencing at the eleventh line ■
ol fir^t s ccuoii." '* **•+* !
" With <.05510 hesitation, I decide that the act of Apnl 18, !
1814, cited above, does confirm the claim." j
That is the only point in his whole opinion, i
after thorough examination, about which he cx- [
pressed a doubt. Chancellor Bibb, whose legal 1
attainments we all know perfectly well, agreed in j
opinion with this Solicitor, and under his opinion 1
issued a patent. What was done? These same ;
squatters came here, and dinned into the ear of,
Congress that the patent had been issued without j
authority* of law, and Congress submitted the \
question to the Attorney General of the United j
States; and he, upon an examination of the ques- ;
tion, came to the conclusion that the act of April j
18, 3814, did not justify the issue of the patent, j
Mr. HALE. Who was that Attorney General? \
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Clifford. And then, !
examining into the title, he decided that the depth j
stopped at forty-two arpents, because, he said, i
Andry had stopped his side lines at this additional
two arpents; and that there was no proof before
him of the laws, usages, or customs of survey to
show what that meant, and he could not go be-
yond it. That precise deficiency is amply filled
hero, as I shall presently show.
Under this opinion of Mr, Clifford, the district
attorney of the United States instituted a suit in
chancery, for the purpose of having the proper
title or patent given up,and that suit was defenaed
by the counsel of the heirs of Wade Hampton,
the counsel of Messrs. Preston and Manney.
Their counsel was Isaac T.Preston,.first attorney
general, and afterwards judge of the supreme court
of the State of Louisiana. During the pendency
of the suit, Isaac T. Preston died, and thereupon
the heirs of Hampton applied to me to defend that
chancery suit. They applied to me, I suppose,
for the reason that I was*thoroughly acquainted
with the title, having brought suit against them
on their title some fifteen years before for the
widow of Donaldson, one of the original owners.
To that suit I will presently refer,, in that chan-
ccry suit every rfFort was made, in behalf of the
heirs of Hampton, to get the court to determine
the title. They said, we do not care about the
patent; you have brought us into court; here is
our title; what difference does it make whether
your patent is good or bad?—here is our title;
pray decide it; the United States has brought us
into court; now we wislT you to examine our title,
and ask you to decide upon our title. What
occurred ? I have the record of the whole suit
here. The whole title was put in issue voluntarily.
Nothing was sought by the Government but to
tear up the paper. What occurred? Judge Camp-'
bell, in the decision from which I will proceed to
read passages, declares that he cannot take the
title into consideration in that suit; that the Gov-
ernmentcannot sue for the tide in that way; that
the Government cannot put it in issue; that he
will not examine the validity of the title at all;
but gives the strongest indications that he thinks
it a perfectly valid title, and then proceeds to di-
rect the paper to be torn up, upon the ground that
the act of 1814 had not been properly construed
when the Secretary of the Treasury issued the
paper title under it, because the terms of that act
did not warrant the issue.
Now, it is said, in the report of the honorable
Senator from Georgia, that no appeal was ever
taken from that decision. That is true; because
I thought Judge Campbell was right. I was not
going to take an appeal from it. It is my opinion
that the act of 1814 did not authorize the issue of
that patent. Halfadozen lawyers have said that
it did. The opinions of different lawyers are
scattered all through these proceedings. In my
opinion, Judge Campbell decided that case right;
the act of 18i4 did not authorize the issue of that
patent, and he was right in ordering the patent
torn up. The title is not touched; but something
else is touched. Judge Campbell took into con-
sideration the proceedings of the land officers, by
which, in defiance of the positive prohibition of
Congress since the year 1811, which directed them
under no circumstances to permit an entry upon
land to which a private individual had filed a claim,
they had thrown these men's private property
open in 1835, after they had been sixty years in
undisturbed possession; threw it open to entry,
and biought wpon them a shoal of litigants, who
have sucked their blood from that day to the
present hour, and whose cause the honorable
Senator from Georgia, in his ignorance of the true
matters of this contioversy, has undertaken to de-
fend «n his report.
These parties who are now besiegingCongress
are men who, in utter defiance of prohibitory
statutes, in utter defiance of the notice that this
land was ours, spread back for nearly sixty-odd
years before thcirentries, rushed in and attempted
to get portions of it; but the land department
set them aside; the land department afterwards
annulled the entries. Large numbers of them camc
in, took back their money, and withdrew; but a
few have persistently, to the present hour, kept
up this litigation with these proprietors under the
circumstances that I have related. And lest I
might be supposed to exaggerate the opinion of
Judge Campbell on this subject, I desire to read
some passages from that. I state m this argument
nothing that 1 have not the most intimate and full
knowledge of. I have not yet come to the point
how my knowledge was first acquired, because
when I come to that I shall show to the Senate^
that it has been decided by the supreme court of
Louisiana, in a controversy between the heirs of
Hampton and Donaldson's widow—a suit which
appears to have been ignored by everybody hav-
ing anything to do with the transaction, but which
