42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15,
36th Cong.... 1st Sees.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
friends, and from whom they will get support and
succor in the hour of trial and difficulty.
My constituents, almost without distinction of
party, look solely and exclusively to the Democ-
racy of the North as the natural allies of the Con-
stitution and the South. That party has done
much to illustrate the principles of this Govern-
ment, and to vindicate man's capacity for self-
government. Relying on the integrity and intel-
ligence of the people, defeat has not caused its
disbandment, the desertion of its principles, or
the change of its name. That there have been
occasional excesses and irregularities and depart-
ures, I will admit. That bad men have some-
times used its prestige for ill and abused its con-
fidence, I do not deny. That in the pride of
victory and the consciousness of power it has been
sometimes intolerant of rebuke and opposition,
its more candid supporters must conccde. But
still it has been fruitful of great names and great
deeds. In war it has been the country's friend.
In peace it has contributed largely to its prosper-
ity. Its disbandment, particularly at this junc-
ture, would be, in myjudgment, a serious calam-
ity. • While other organizations have arisen and
departed, it still lives in the hearts of the people.
Illustrated by great names, in critical periods of
our country s history it has been the savior of
the Constitution ana the defender of our coun-
try's honor. Its principles have become part of
our mental habitudes, and I trust it may be ade-
quate to the stupendous conflict which is just
ahead of us. I take pleasure in recognizing the
true and loyal men on this side of the floor and
in the North, who are willing with us to lock
shields in defense of the Constitution and the
Union which is its creature; and I hope that, in
the irrepressible conflict which may be here or
elsewhere, they may be able to rescue the Con-
stitution of our country from the polluting touch
of those who would destroy it.
But, Mr. Clerk, it is not proper that I should
disguise the fact, that there are serious apprehen-
sions that that party may not, in consequence of
the intensity and fierceness of the anti-slavery
sentiment of the North, be able to preserve the
Constitution of the country. In that event, where
is our hope of redress? Where is our security?
The very existence of two governments here,
the Federal and State, implies a division of polit-
ical power. And these two governments have
their origin and sanction in the same source. The
Federal no less than the State government is the
work of the people of the States. It is a mere
agent intrusted with limited powers for the exe-
cution of certain specific objects. Its powers arc
derivative entirely, and liable to be resumed by
the States which delegated them. The Federal
Constitution is the measure of its authority, and
contains all the delegation of powers from the
people of the different States. It is a pernicious
error, to be repudiated on nil occasions, that this
Government can lawfully do whatever is not pro-
hibited in the Constitution. Whatever is not del-
egated to the Government, or prohibited to the
States, is reserved to the States respectively and
separately, and to the people thereof; and, as one
of our profoundest political thinkers has said:
" The boundary between the i eserved and delegated pow-
ers marks the limit of this Union; the States are united to
the extent of the delegated, they are sepaiated beyond that
limit."
The history of this country confirms universal
experience in rcfcrcncc to the disposition of men
having power to arrogate more. The apprehen-
sions of some of the founders of the Republic in
reference to the dangers which threatened its per-
petuity, were ill-founded; the centripetal tenden-
cies have been found to be greater than the cen-
trifugal. Abraham Baldwin, of Georgia, during
the lastcentury, remarked that " it was the nature
of delegated power to increase. Itlias been aptly
said to be like the screw in mechanics: it holds all
it gains, and at every turn gains a little more."
This tendency has been fully and repeatedly man-
ifested in our history; and sometimes the States
have failed to resist and defeat measures leading
-.0 centralism and the absorption of unconstitu-
tional powers by the different departments of the
Federal agency.
I said that the existence of two Governments
implied a division of power; thedivision of power
implies a superior; the existence of limitations and
restrictions presupposes the power to control and
to enforce. Right here arises the great question—
the greatest which can possibly be submitted to
the people ofthis Confederacy—whetherthe States
have the right to judge of the extent of their re-
served powers, and to defend them against the
encroachments of the Federal Government. Mr.
Webster and the Federal school of politicians
hold that, in all cases not capable of assuming the
character of a suit in law or equity, in which event
the Supreme Court is the final interpreter, Con-
gress is the final and exclusive judge of the extent
of its own powers. Mr. Jefferson andilr. Cal-
houn, and the State-rights school, on thcSfontrary,
hold that the Constitution is a compact between
sovereign StaW#; that the States are not united
upon a principle of unlimited submission to this
Government; that this Government, the creature
of the States, is not the final and exclusive judge
of the powers delegated to itself, but that each
State has an equal right to judge for itself, as well
of the infraction of the Constitution as of the mode
and measure of redress. The Federal doctrine of
Mr. Webster centralizes power, consolidates the
Government, reduces the States to more depend-
ent corporations, and destroys limitations and
restrictions. A written constitution affords 110
barrier against the encroachments of the Govern-
ment, and" no security for the rights and liberties
of the people, if the Government can construe the
final extent of its own powers, and enforce that
construction at the point of the bayonet. "Writ-
ten constitutions," said an old author, " arc like
spiders' webs, that hold only the poor and weak,
while the rich and powerful easily break through
them." Under this theory, there is no practical,
substantive division of power. If the Government,
through any or all its departments, can, by con-
struction or usurpation, enlarge its delegation,
there arc no limitations upon its powers, there
being no difference, said Mr. Calhoun, " between
a government having all power, and a government
having the right to take what power it pleases."
Mr. Clerk, free governments, so far as their
protecting power is concerned, arc made for mi-
norities, and the Jeffersonian, State-rights theory
protects minorities. The South is in a minority
at this time; and she should cling to State rights
as the hhect-anclior of her safety in her hour of
Eeril. As power is liable to abuse, chocks should
c imposed. In all possible modes of govern-
ment there will be n conflict between sections and
interests and classes. It is inevitable under the
present constitution of human nature. All history
furnishes no experience to the contrary. Hostile
interests are created by legislation. Different in-
terests in a community are disposed to encroach
on each other; and unless there is some power to
clftck and restrain, the weaker must yield to, and
go down before the stronger. If majorities can
interpret the Constitution, and enforce that inter-
pretation without check; if the legislative discre-
tion of the other side of the Hou-se is the measure
of the rights of the South, then the minority will
soon become a prey to the ambition and cupidity
of the majority.
Gouverneur Morris, in writing to Mr. Picker-
ing, (and he is authority, I presume, 011 the other
side of the House,) said that " the legislative lion
is not to bo entangled in the meshes of a logical
net—that the Legislature will always make the
power it wishes to exercise." Limitations of
power contained in the Constitution, and reserva-
tions of undelegated power, are of 110 avail unless
they, for whose benefit they are imposed and re-
served, have the power to enforce the limitations
and protect the reservations against encroach-
ment. It is idle to expect the delegated powers
to protect the reserved; it is nonsense to give a
right without a remedy, or a remedy without the
means of applying it. It is folly to talk of the
minority relying for the protection of their rights
upon the privilege of protest, complaint, and re-
monstrance.
No; every separate community must be able to
protect itself. Power must be met by power If
the majority can control this Government, inter-
preting the Constitution at its will, then this Gov-
ernment is a despotism. Whether wise or unwise,
whether merciful or cruel, it is a despotism still.
Mr. Clerk, this power of self-protection, ac-
cording to my judgment and my theory of poli-
tics, resides in each State. Each has the right of
secession, the right of interposition for the arrest
of evils within its limits. The means of resist-
ance to oppression are ample ; and it is a sad mis-
fortune, sir, that these effective remedies have not
been oftener applied. A more frequent applica-
tion of the remedy would make the will commen-
surate with the means, inspire moral greatness,
embolden courage, make resistance a duty, and
equality a necessity.
Mr. Clerk, if our Democratic friends, with the
aid of American friends, or of Republicans, who
may come to the rescue, as I trust many of them
will, be not able to interpose for the security of
the South, and for the preservation of the Con-
stitution, I, for one, shall counsel immediate and
effective resistance, and shall urge the people of
Alabama, to which State I owe my first and un-
divided allegiance, to fling themselves upon their
ultimate defense—their reserved rights and in-
alienable sovereignty. ,
THERE rs A WEST: FOR THE UNION FOREVER;
OUTSIDE OF THE UNION, FOR HERSELF.
SPEECH OF HON. C. L. VALLANDIGHAM,
OP OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
December 15, 1859.
The general questionbefore the House being the election
of a Speaker, Mr. VALLANDIGHAM obtained
the floor, but yielded it for the purpose of a ballot.
No choice having been made, he resumed the floor,
6t(f proposed again to yield for another ballot.
Objection being made, he proceeded to address the
House, as follows:
Mr. Clerk: Desiring to speak at some length,
and.with some regard to method, upon the more
important subjects which have been introduced
into this debate, I cannot consent to yield the floor
except upon a point of order, or for a strictly per-
sonal explanation. I claim no right myself to
interrupt others, for the purpose of interrogatory
or catechising, and in return acknowledge no right
in them to subject me to cross-examination as a
witness upon this floor. I trust, along with other
reforms, to see the ancient decorum and propriety
of legitimate debate restored within these walls.
In nothing, therefore, which I propose to say, do
I mean to offend by personal reflection upon any
member of this House.
And now, in the first place, Mr. Clerk, allow
me to say that I do not regret this discussion. I
lament., indeed, that it has not, at all times, been
conducted in a better temper. Had it been pos-
sible to avoid it altogether, certainly it would have
been preferable that it had never been commenced;
but 110 one familiar with the temper of the whole
country, reflected back in the Representatives of
the country, and concentrated here into one intense
focus, could have expected a week to pass after
organization without an explosion more formida-
ble, perhaps, and in a more questionable shape.
This, in my judgment, is a better time and mode
in which to meet it than any other. But, gentle-
men of the House of Representatives, let us con-
duct it at all times with the temper and courtesy
which become a legislative assembly. And yet
the admonition is almost needless here. Although
within these walls are assembled the two hundred
and forty-two Representatives and Delegates from
the thirty-eight States and T erritories of the Union,
bringing with them every variety of personal and
sectional temper and peculiarity; assembled, too,
in the midst of a popular feeling more pervading
and more deeply stirred up than at any former
period, in one half atleast of these States, and upon
the eve of startling, and it may be, disastrous
events, yet without organization, without rules,
without a Speaker to command or a Sergeant-at-
Arms to execute, without gavel or mace, the in-
stinct of self-government peculiar to the Anglo-
Saxon race, and the habit of self-command and
of obedience to but the shadow even of law and
authority, have, for now these ten days past, se-
cured us, not only fiom collision and violence, but,
for the most part, from breach even of the strictest
decorum observed by our predecessors in this Hall
