1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Election of Spealcer—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Keps.
at any period of our history. How sublime the
spectacle! how grand this illustration of the spirit
of free government! There is but one other coun-
try upon the globe where a similar spectacle could
be exhibited.
I do not, then, regret tliis debate; it is fit and
proper in itself; it is strictly parliamentary. You
have a right by English precedent; you have a
right by American precedent; by the usages of
this House, to discuss the qualifications of your
candidates for Speaker. If any member of this
House has indorsed and recommended a book full
of sentiments insurrectionary and hostile to the do-
mestic peace and tranquillity of this country;abook
intended or tending to stir up discord or strife be-
tween thedifferentsectionsofthisUnion, or servile
or other insurrection in any one or more States
of this Union, and refuses still t§ di^vow sym-
pathy with the sentiments and pufrojses of such
book, lie is not fit to be Speaker or member of this
House.' Whether any one who has recommended
such a book for wholesale circulation, not know-
ing, or caring to inquire into its chaiactcr and con-
tents; who has indorsed insurrection and violence
in*blank, and given a cordial letter of credit to
whatsoever the abolition authors of the " Helper
book" might choose to say and to circulate
throughout the South, is competent for Speaker,
or fit to be trusted in the Speakership, this House
must determine; and the country, gentlemen, must
sit in judgment upon the decision.
But, Mr Clerk, this whole subject and contro-
versy have assumed a character and magnitude
which impel me to break the silence which I thus
far have ooserved. Sentiments have been avowed
and statements made upon this floor, which de-
mand notice and reply.
[At tills point Mr. Vaiiaxdigiiam Riivo way to a motion
to adjourn, which was negatived. He then said that lie
should declinc to pursue any further that night the line of
remark which lie had proposed to himself; and the House
having again refused to adjourn, he proceeded to read and
refer to matters, which, forming no part of what he designed
to say in the first place, are omitted here. (See Congres-
sional Glebe, page 139.) The House, after several other
motions, having finally adjourned, the next morning he
resumed as follows:]
Though a young man still, I have seen some
legislative service. One of the earliest lessons
which I taught myself as a legislator, and which I
have sought to exemplify in every department of
life, was so to be a politician as not to forget that
I was a gentleman. There is a member of tliis
House now present, with whom, some years ago,
I served ill the Legislature of my State, and to
him I might with perfect confidence appeal to ver-
ify the assertion that no man ever was more exact
in the observance of every rule of courtesy and
decorum, not only in debate, but in private inter-
course with his fellows. I might appeal, also, to
the members here present of the last Congress,
and to every member of this House of Representa-
tives, and demand of them whether 1 have offended
in anything, m public or private, in word or by
deed.
Now, Mr. Clerk, that cou-'tesy winch I thus
readily extend to others, I am resolved to exact for
myself at all times and at every hazard. 1 had a
right yesterday, especially after yielding for a bal-
lot, at a time when the Republican party, with
confidence, anticipated the election of their can-
didate for Speaker, to expect the usual courtesy,
scarce ever refused, of an adjournment. If any
gentleman tliis morning, after a night's calm re-
flection, sees, in anything that I have ever said or
done here or elsewhere, any justification for the
extraordinary yet very discreditable sccnes of yes-
terday, enacted by grown up men and Represent-
atives, I do not envy him the mental or moral ob-
liquity of his vision.
Mr. Clerk, I heard it said many years ago,
and my reading and observation of the proceed-
ings of this House and of the Senate have taught
me the truth of the declaration, that there was a
marked difference between the deportment of the
anti-slavery men in Congress towards slavehold-
ers and their own Democratic colleagues from the
free States. Sir, I want no better evidence of that
/ fact than the occurrences of yesterday,
l/ I said then, that if any member of this House
f had indorsed a book full of sentiments which were
insurrectionary and hostile to the domestic peace
and tranquillity of this country; a book intended
or tending to incite servile insurrection in one or
more of the States of this Union, and refused still,
either by himself or through another, to disavow
all sympathy with such sentiments, he was not
fit to be Speaker or member of this House. That
judgment I, this morning, deliberately reaffirm in
all its length and breadth and significance. The
other day the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson,] a slaveholder, distinctly declared upon
this floor, with all the emphasis he could com-
mand, that any one who would incite a servile
insurrection, or knowingly distribute books or
papers with that design, was not only not fit to be
Speaker, but not fit to live. There was then upon
that side of this Chamber no sign, not even a
whisper, of indignation or resentment. No, gen-
tlemen; you sat in your seats, under that just but
scathing denunciation, as mute as fishes and as
gentle as lambs. Even your candidate for Speaker
started to his feet, and "with manifest trepidation
disavowed every purpose and sentiment of the
kind. Now, gentlemen of the Republican party,
once for all and most respectfully, not in language
of menace, but as sober truth, receive this mes-
sage from me, greeting: T am your peer; I rep-
resent a constituency as brave, as intelligent, as
noble, and as free as the best among you upon
this floor; and in their name and in my own
name, I tell you that just whatsoever rights, priv-
ileges, courtesies, liberties, or anything else you—
whether from apprehension of personal danger
or from any other cause—you brave men at home
vaunting ai rantly there your rebukes here of south-
ern insolence and bravado; you, who return to your
constituents at the end of every session bearing
with you the scalps of half a score of fire-eaters
from Alabama, Mississippi, or the Carolinas—you
are accustomed to extend to slaveholders and
southern men upon this floor, I, as your peer,
demand and will have at your hands. If you
think otherwise, you have much yet to learn of
the character of the man with whom you have to
deal. I am as good a western fire-eater as the
hottest salamander in tliis House. [Laughter and
applause.]
I have been served with a notice this morning
that the Republican party here do not intend to
listen to any further discussion. "Very respect-
fully, I care not whether they listen or not. Let
me tell tliem that the country holds its breath m
suspense at the lightest word uttered in this Hall.
The people of the United States are listening at
this moment to catch every syllabic which falls
from the lips of the humblest member here.
I propose now, sir, to address myself to those
subjects only which 1 designed, from the begin-
ning, to discuss.
I have said, and repeat, that the sentiments
which have been avowed, and the statements made
upon this floor, demanding notice and reply, im-
pel me to break the silence which I have thus far
observed. The North and the South stand hero
arrayed against each other. Upon the one side,
I behold numerical power; upon the other, the
violent, oven fierce, spirit of resistance. Disunion
has been threatened. Sir, in all this controversy,
so far IIS it is sectional, I occupy the position of
armed neutrality. I am not a northern man. J
have little sympathy with the North; no very
good feeling for, and am bound to her by no tie
whatsoever, other than what once were and ought
■always to be among the strongest of all tics—a
com moil language and common country. Least
of all, am I that most unseemly and abject of all
political spectacles—'' a northern man with south-
ern principles;" but, God be thanked, still a Uni-
ted States man with United States principles.
When I emigrate to the South, take up my abode
there, identify myself with her interests, holding-
slaves or holding none; then, and not till then,
will I have a right, and will it be my duty, and
no doubt my pleasure, to maintain and support
southern principles and southern institutions.
Then, sir, I am not a southern man either, al-
though, in this unholy and most unconstitutional
crusade against the South, m the midst of the in-
vasion, arson, insurrection, and murder, to which
she has been subject, and with which she is still
threatened; with the torch of the incendiary and
the dagger of the assassin suspended over her, my
most cordial sympathies are wholly with her.
Mr. Clerk, 1 have heard a good deal said, here
and elsewhere, about " southern rights." Sir, I
have no respect—none—none—forsouthernrights
merely because they are southern rights. They
are yours, gentlemen, not mine. Maintain them
here, within the Union, firmly, fearlessly, boldly,
quietly: do it like men* Defend them here and
everywhere, and with all the means in your power,
as I know you will and as I know you can. York-
town and New Orleans, the end of the Revolution
and the end of the war of 1812, are both yours;
and there is no power on earth that can subdue
or conquer you.
But, while I have no respect for southern rights
simply because they are southern rights, I have a
very tender and most profound and penetrating
regard for my own obligations. Your rights im-.
pose upon me corresponding obligations, whichj
shall be fulfilled in their spirit and to the very."
letter: three-fifths rule, fugitive slave law, equal
rights in the Territories, and whatsoever else tliQ'
Constitution gives you. [Applause.] Our fathers
made that compact, and I will yield a co*UaI,
ready, and not grudging, obedience to every part
of it.
I have heari it sometimes said—it was said
here two years ago; not on this floor, certainly,
but elsewhere—that there is no man from the
free States, North or West, who is "true to the
South." Well, gentlemen, that depends upon
what you mean by being true to the South. If
you mean that we, the Representatives of the free
States of tliis Union, North and West, shall sit
here within this Chamber, uttering southern sen-
timents, consulting southern interests, sustaining
southern institutions, and giving southern votes,
reckless of our own identity and our own self-re-
spect, then I never was, am not now, and never
will, while the Representative of a free State, be
" true to the South;" and I thank God for it. If
that be what is meant by "rottenness," in the
other end of the Capitol, commend me to rotten-
ness all the days of my life.
But, if you mean—and I know that a large ma-
jority of you do mean—true to the Constitution,
without which there cannot be, and ought not to
be, any Union; true to our own obligations;
ready and sedulous to fulfill every article of the
compact which our fathers made, to the extremest
inch of possibility, and yielding, gracefully and
willingly, as in the earlier and better days of the
Republic, everything which comity and good fel-
lowship, not only as between foreign States, but
among brethren, demands at our hands, then, I
tell you, and I tell the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Nelson,] that the great mass of the Demo-
cratic party in the free States, and especially in
the West, and thousands and tens of thousands
of others, not members of that party, are now,
and, I trust, ever will be, true to the South.
Allow me to illustrate my proposition. There
are in this Hall, as elsewhere, three classes of
men6 The Republican or anti-slavery man—and-
you, gentlemen, have or have had not a few of
that number in the South—asks, whenever a meas-
ure is proposed here, will it tend to injure and
hem in the institution of slavery, or rather will
it weaken or offend the South, because it is the
South ? and he subordinates every other consid-
eration to the great object of suppressing slavery,
and of warring on the South. Upon the other
hand, the merely southern man, and especially',
the southern extremist, asks, how will this meas--'
ure advance the interests of slavery, or rather,
how will it aggrandize the South as South? and
his vote is determined or insensibly influenced
by this consideration. There is yet another, a
third class, who ask none of those questions and
are moved by none of these considerations: polit-
ical Gallios, perhaps, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Corwin] would call them, who care for
none of these things. To that class, Mr. Cleric,
I am glad to belong. Outside of my own State
and of her constitution, I am neither pro-slavery
nor anti-slavery; but maintain, as was said upon
a memorable occasion, "a serene indifference"
on this subject between these two sections. And
here I stand upon the ancient, safe, constitutional/
peaceable ground of our fathers. For many
years after the foundations of this Republic were
laid by wiser and better men—pardon me, gentle-
men—than I see around me, no man ever thought
of testing any measure here by its effects upon
