THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, I>. 0.
Tiiirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1860.
Nsw Semes No. 3Q;.
this united Democracy have never once cast their
united votes for a southern American. [Applause
in the galleries.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman will not
divert me from my purpose. There are two or
three of the twenty-three South Americans who
are unwilling to vote for Mr. Maynard, of Ten-
nessee, or Mr. Boteler, of Virginia, their own
friends. I hold up to the indegnant gaze of the
American people that there is only one man in
this House, of the American party of the South,
"who has been able to concentrate the vote of the
American party. Yes, sir, it is emphatically true.
I want the people of the South to look to the fact,
and to answer it by their votes hereafter. I have
told the people of the South that, if they would
send Democrats here, the rights of the South would
be maintained. If we had twenty-three Demo-
crats upon this floor, and only twenty-three, if
we changed positions with the South Americans,
would we exhibit the spectacle that is now pre-
sented by those twenty-three Americans? Half
of them, sir, is all we could ever get to vote for a
Democratic nominee. Some of them will not even
vote for one of their own men; some who will only
vote for John A. Gilmer, of North Carolina.
Why is this ? In what do Mr. Boteler, of Vir-
ginia, and Mr. Maynard, of Tennessee, differ
with Mr. Gilmer, of North Carolina, that induces
those gentlemen of what is called the People's
party to go for Mr. Gilmer, and that prevents
them going for Mr. Boteler or Mr. Maynard'
My friend says that he does not know. I wonder
whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] does not know ? I am astonished and
amazed that these twenty-three South Americans
are not willing to vote for Mr. Boteler or Mr.
Maynard.
Mr. HILL. I will state, in justice to my friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] that I have
heard it said he agreed with the President in his
protective opinions, as set forth in his annual mes-
sage. Perhaps that is the reason.those gentlemen
took him.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, perhaps it is. I
ask,is that the reason? He says that he suspects
that is the reason. Is Mr. Gilmer in favor of a
protective tariff, and do you vote for him know-
ing that fact?
Mr. HILL. Mr. Gilmer says that he agrees
■with the President in his recommendation. The
President doubts whether our revenue will be
sufficient to meet the expenses of the Government,
and he proposes to make up the deficiency by an
increase of duties upon imports. Mr. Gilmer, I
suppose, agret-s with him in this particular. I do
not see in what other way it is to be done. I am
not for borrowing money. If wo have got a sys-
tem in operation which will not answer the pur-
pose of revenue, then I think the President may
be right. If the scale of duties is too low to support
the Government, then we must make them higher.
The gentleman wants to know why I complain?
Mr. Buchanan has been, par excellence, a protec-
tionist. Ineverwas. I do not say that my friend
Mr. Gilmer is, for I do not know. The Presi-
dent, in his recent recommendation, does not elab-
orate the question of protection at all. Ho sim-
ply alludes to it, and thinks that the only mode
which occurs to him of raising sufficient revenue
is, perhaps, to abolish some of the free list, and
to increase the duties on other dutiable articles.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am not talking about
what Mr. Buchanan is for, but about the organi-
zation of this House. Why do you not set forth
Mr. Gilmer's principles, and not those of Mr.
Buchanan ?
Mr. HILL. I never heard Mr. Gilmer allude
to it, except incidentally, and then he said that
he justified the President in his recommendation.
Beyond that, I know nothing of his views.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now, does Mr. Gilmer
agree with Mr. Buchanan in reference to the pro-
tection of slavery in the Territories? You think
he does; I think lie does not.
Mr. HILL. I would ask my friend if he has
been particular to catechize every candidate the
30
Democratic party has placed in nomination for
Speaker, to know his opinion in reference to the
protection of slave property in the Territories?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let me talk a little. I
have the floor, and it is my time to speak. I am
talking about your candidate, and it is not com-
petent for you to come in and talk about my can-
didate. I am trying to find out what your candi-
date is in favor of. [Laugh©-.]
Mr. HILL. I would like to hear the gentle-
man upon that subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, well, I cannot be
diverted from my course. I want to get along.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman asks me questions,
and I wish to answer them. If he objects, I can-
not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, I will excuse the
gentleman from answering any more.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Gilmer received my vote be-
cause he was a southern American. I have always
understood that he belonged to that party So do
I; and we have been associated with Americans
together. 1 voted for him because the majority
of my party preferred him.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is the answer I re-
ceive. I am driving at this point; I want to know
why it is that these twenty-three South Americans
could not vote for a Democrat? No reason has
been given. Three gentlemen from Tennessee
have spoken upon the subject, and they have not
given any reason why they could not vote for a
Democrat. They have not voted for a Democrat.
My recollection "is that neither of them has voted
for a Democrat, and they have not stated to the
House one solitary question upon which they
differ with southern Democrats. They have cried
out for the Union, and that sentiment has received
applause on the Black Republican side of this
House. They have passed glowing eulogies 011
the Union; but they have not said once in what
they differ with the southern Democrats.
Now, there is some reason why they do not
vote for a Democrat. We are left to explore what
it is, but not by anything they have said upon this
iloor. They continually assert that if we will
show them that we can give our candidate ninety
or ninety-two votes, then they will entertain a
proposition; but they have not said what they
will do. They have merely said that they will
not entertain a proposition before that; but that
when we show them that their votes will elect,
then they will entertain a proposition. We are
left, therefore, to explore the reason why they
will not vote for a Democrat. We are sentupon
a voyage of discovery to hunt for the reason.
What is it? There must be something in the pe-
culiar principles or tenets of that party that has
not been alluded to or stated to the House by any
of the members who have spoken, that prevents
them from giving their votes to a member of the
Democratic party. Now. sir, we do know—for
we have been informed through the press—that
this party does hold doctrines in relation to for-
eigners and Catholics which have not been alluded
to here. That is one of their principles notcnun-
ciated in a resolution, but embodied m an oath.
And that is the reason—there can be 110 other—
why they do not come forward and aid the Dem-
ocratic party in electing a Speaker.
Mr. STOKES. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly, if I have said
anything that puts the gentleman 111 a wrong po-
sition.
Mr. STOKES. I understood the gentleman to
say that the reason why those Tennessee mem-
bers could not vote for a Democrat was because
they were under an oath. I simply desire to in-
form the gentleman that he is laboring undej a
grand mistake. But I will state to him one of the
reasons why I have not voted for a Democrat.
One reason is, that my vote would never have
elected. I have other reasons that I will make
known, and I now give due notice that I will make
them known to this House whenever the contin-
gency arises in which I am called upon to decide
between a Democrat and a Republican.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Cleric, suppose
every gentleman on the floor was to occupy the
position of that gentleman, and refuse to vote for
a man till his vote would elect him-, nobody would
ever get a vote at all! [Laughter.] But J say
that, whenever you are willing to come over to
the Democratic party with your full vote for two
ballots, we can elect.
Mr. STOKES. The gentleman says that when-
ever we will go over to the Democrats for ,two
ballots they can elect. I desire to know where he
is to get the votes; upon what authority he makes
that statement, and what gentlemen he expects to
add to the Democratic strength ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now, you hear that!
[Laughter.] Instead of coming up, as they.ought
to do, on the faith of the pledges made by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] and
other gentlemen, they get up and ask us who vVe
can get. Come and vote with us, and we will
show you who we can get. That is my answer
to the gentleman, and it is a sufiieient answer. But
you do not say what you will do if we' show you
that we can elect by tile aid of your votes. • You
do not say that you will vote for a Democrat even
then. I repeat what I said before, that there must
be something peculiar in the tenets and doctrines of
this party, not contained in their public platform,
and not set forth by their speeches on this floor,
that prevents them from voting with the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. HILL. I believe I am regarded as a pretty
fair American—as tolerably orthodox—and! have
never received any censure anywhere for the votes
I have given for a Democrat; but I do insist, in
all fairness, that this great Democratic family
should be harmonized, before they can have any
claims to our support.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now, Mr. Clerk, listen
to that! Instead of coming up and making a prop-
osition to unite with us, and aid us in the election
of a Speaker, my colleague again points us to the
divisions iu our party. Instead of being sorry for
it; instead of crying over it; instead of praying over
it, if he is a praying man, and trying to relieve us
from it, the gentleman is continually flaunting it
in our faces.
Mr. HILL. Not as a matter of censure or
reproach. I regret that you are so demoralized.
[Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now, I repeat that I
intend to hold it up to thefndignant gaze of the
southern people, that in this great struggle now
going on 111 this House, and which has eonvulsed
the whole country from Maine to Texas—in this
mighty struggle, here are men from the South
whose constituents are deeply interested in the
institution of slavery, in its present condition and
its future perpetuation, standing here in the face
of the enemy, the Black Republican party, di-
vided among themselves about men.
Mr. HILL. What are you going to say to the
Democrats ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. What Democrats ?
Mr. HILL. The anti-Lecompton Democrats.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Clerk, did ever any-
body hear the like of it? [Laughter.] _ I want
you to do your duty. What I complain of is
the divided spectacle which the Representatives of
the southern States present to the keen argus eyes
of those Black Republican members over there.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. Will my colleague 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Take your seat now.
Can any reasonable man expect northern Demo-
crats to come forward and vote for one of your
party who has taken this oath of proscription
against foreigners and Catholics ? Is it reasonable
to expect it?
Mr. HILL. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Do not afi3wer me now.
I will excuse you. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. Did not some of them vote for Mr.
Maynard ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. Maynard never
was a member of the order.
Mr. HILL. The gentleman lays an imputa-
