44
APPENDIX TO THf 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. VaMandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
the institution of slavery. Never till the fell
" Missouri question" reared its horrid front, be-
fotten in New England and brought forth in New
'ork, was slavery made the subject of partisan
and sectional controversy within this Capitol.
And we had peace m the l$nd in those days, and
patriotism and humanity and religion and benev-
olence; faith and good works. We neither had
nor demanded then an anti-slav®ry Constitution,
an anti-slavery Bible, nor an anti-slavery God;
but the Constitution of the land, the Bible of our
fathers, and that great and tremendous Being
who, from eternity, has ruled in the armies of
heaven and among the children of men.
Then, sir, I am not a northern man; nor yet
a southern-man; but I am a -western man, by
birth, in habit, by education; and although still
-a United Statesman with United States princi-
ples, yet within and subordinate to the Constitu-
tion, am wholly devoted to western interests. Sir,
this is no new enunciation of mine here. I pro-
clai$fed it upon this floor one year ago; and now
congratulate myself and the W est in having found
;so able and eloquenta coadjutor in the person of the
distinguished gentleman from the seventh district
of Ohio, [Mr. Corwin.] Sir, I am of and from the
"West; the great valley of the Mississippi; of the
free States of that valley seated in queenly majesty
at the head of the basin of that mighty river; yet
one in interest, and one by the bonds of*?nature,
stronger than hooks of steel, with every other State
in that valley, full as it is, of population and
riches, and exultant now in the hour of her ap-
proaching dominion. Scat yourself, denizen of
the sterile and narrow but beautiful hills and val-
leys of New England, and you, too, of the great
cities of the North, whose geography and travel
arc circumscribed by the limits of a street rail-
road; scat yourselves upon the summit of the
Alleghanies, and behold spread out before you a
country stretching from the Alleghany to the
Rocky Mountains—from the Gulf of Mexico to
the Canada frontier—with limitless plains, bound-
less forests, fifteen States, a hundred rivers, ten
thousand cities, towns, and villages, and twelve
millions of people. Such a vision nomanever saw;
no, not even Adam, when, 111 the newness and
grandeur of God-made manhood, he stood upon
the topmost hill of Paradise and looked down upon
a whole hemisphere of the yet unpeopled world.
That, sir, is my country; if I may speak it with-
out profanity, God's own country; yet, in this
war of sections, I am of the free States of that
valley.
Mr. Clerk, when I came to this city two years
ago, I brought with me an intense nationality; but
I had been here only a little while till I learned that
a man without a section to cling to was reckoned
but as a mere cipher in the account; and from
that hour, subordinate always to the Constitution,
I became and am a western rectionalist, and
so shall continue to the day of my death, lftoo,
propose, with the Leather Stocking of the " Prai-V
rie," to fight fire with lire. I learned here, Mr. j
Clerk, that while there wa s a North and a South,
there was no West. I found her individuality
sunk in the North. I saw that you of New York
and New England entertained a profound respect
for the citizen of South Carolina or Georgia,
slaveholder though he might be, bccause he was
east of the Alleghanies; and that you of Georgia
and South Carolina reciprocated the good opinion,
abolition aside, bccause the New Yorker and the
Yankee lived very near to the rising of the sun;
while the western man was held to be a sort of
outside barbarian, very useful to count in a trial
of numerical strength, but of no value for any
othep purpose. We of the great vallev of the
Mississippi are perpetually ignored. Sir, if all
this were done of studied purpose it would at
least be tolerable; but not so: there is no design
m it. It is a cool, silent, persistent, unobtrusive,
but most offensive disparagement. Gentlemen,
you do not know us. It was but a few months
ago that a great paper in the city of New York
spoke of Judge Douglas as attempting—and it
was in the very capital of the. State—"to impose
his absurd theories upon the honest foresters of
Ohio." And about the same time another great
paper in the North referred to Governor Chase
as a public man of merely "provincial reputa-
tion."
Let not the gentleman from the Mansfield dis-
trict [Mr. Sherman] flatter himself that he is to
be an exception. No, sir; he sees the parting rays
of the setting sun too late in the day. A distin-
guished predecessor of his attained once the same
point of greatness, but only to be let down gently
m favor of Cape Cod. Do not deceivc yourself.
You were only put forward to be killed off; you
were merely detailed as a forlorn hope to be shot
down in front of that Malakoff which you never
will capture. Oh no; though two thousand miles
east of the Rocky Mountains, you are quite too far
West. Your distinguished colleague from the sev-
enth district [Mr. Corwin] is gazing now wistful-
ly through a spy-glass, in the direction whither
your eyes are turned; but he, alas, any more than
you, will never wake up from that dekcious reverie
m which he now sits buried, to realize that
T'is distance lends enchantment to the view,
And robes the Speaker's tribune m its ladiant hue.
We did, indeed, gentlemen, once elect a western
President; but him you killed in a month; and a
southwestern President, too, and he survived you
but fifteen months.
But, gentlemen of the West, the day-spring of
our deliverance begins to dawn. Let us rejoice.
The long period of our minority is about to ter-
minate. Within the Union, after the next census,
we of the Mississippi valley will hold in our own
hands the political power and the destinies of this
country, and we will administer them for the
benefit of the whole country. The day of our
political independence is right now, while I speak,
if you of the North and Southeast will conspire,
as for the last seventy years, to control the power
and patronage of this Government for your own
benefit, we of the Mississippi valley will combine-
to rescue them from your hands. If you of the
whole North will continue your sectional warfare
upon the whole South, know ve that we of the
Northwest hold the political balance of power
between you, and that we will use it to crush out
and annihilate forever the fanaticism and treason
which arc threatening now to overspread the whole
North, and very speedily to destroy this Republic.
We will be ignored no longer. And here let me
warn the Republican Representatives from the
West, that they have loaned themselves too long
already to tins proud and domineering North.
You permit yourselves to be identified with the
North, and to make common cause with hor
against slavery. Cuibono? Not yours; ah no!
You help to win the fight; you make good
soldiers—excellent food for powder—but your
northern officers and northern masters will divide
the spoils. When William H. Seward threatens
the South with the power and domination of the
North, he means you; but when he would dis-
tribute office and patronage, he will know no West.
Some of you dream that youi Governor Chase will
be the candidate of the Republican party for the
next Presidency. Miserable infatuation ! Cease,
then, I beseech you, this unmanly vassalage to
the North. If you will not hearken to the voice
of patriotism, listen at least to the demands of in-
dependence and self-respect. If you will be sec-
tionalists, lay aside this pestilent fanaticism on the
subject of slavery which you borrow servilely
from the clergy, lecturers, and other demagogues
of the North, and which they use for the purpose
of their own aggrandizement—lay it aside and be
western seetionalists. Talk not to me about hu-
manity and benevolence. I have as profound and
delicate an appreciation of them as you can have,
but I will not be insulted with the miserable pre-
tense. Arc there no objects of charity in your
own midst: no poor, no sick, no lame, no halt, 110
blind, no widows and orphans, to whose necessi-
ties you may administer, and thus find vent for
that abounding river of humanity which wells up
and (lows out from the fountain of your hearts?
Pardon me, but I despise and contemn your vas-
salage to the North, as much as you can contemn
and despise any man's servility to the South.
And now, one word to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] who took refuse the
other day in the "engine room" of the left side
of this Chamber; whence, through new and rudely
constructed port-holes, to send his missiles whist-
ling into the camp which he so lately deserted.
I admire his discretion—the better part of valor.
Sir, he spoke about precipitating eighteen millions
of peojfle upon eight millions. Whence does he
propose to get his eighteen millions ? Did he mean
to include us of the Northwest ? Does he imagine
that we are militiamen to be drafted, or conscripts
to be enrolled, and march forth at the Sound of
his drum, or to the notes of his bugle ? I tell him
that, if he means to raise the black standard of
internecine war upon the South, he must find his
recruits nearer home.
Mr. FLORENCE, (in his seat.) He -will not
find them there. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rejoice to hear
it; butl tell the gentleman further, that if the Ter-
ritories of this Union are to become the subject of
controversy after dissolution, we of the Missis-
sippi valley propose to keep them ourselves, and
then to make faijmnd honest partition with each
other. 1 /
i approach trow, Mr. Clerk, a painful and most
difficult subject—periculosa, plenum opus alem.—A
word which, for very many years after the organi-
zation of this Government, no man ever dared to
breathe within this Capitol, has now become as fa-
miliar as the most ordinary words of salutation.
Notaday nor an hour passes, butthe hoarse croatc-
ing of this raven is heard piercing the fearful hollow
of our ears with, moaning and dirge-like wail, the
" never more" of the Union of these States. Sir,
in this war of sections, standing here between the
living and the dead, we, the Democratic Repre-
sentatives of the West, and I as one of that num-
ber, have a duty to perform which, ill all humble-
ness but in all faithfulness, shall be fulfilled. But,
too many of you of the North arc striving with
might and main to force the South out of this
Union; and too many of you of the South are
most anxious to be forced, out. Do not deny it,
either of you. I know it. Sir, if any member
should rise here and tell mo that there are no
disunionists in the South, could I believe it?
And when the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Clark,] or any one else, would persuade the
South that there are no Abolitionists, or disunion-
ists in the North or the West, he only insults the
intelligence of the men upon whom he would im-
pose. Sir, if any colleague of mine, or any other
gentleman from the free States upon this floor,
will so fur forget the solemn responsibilities of
his office in the midst of the great and most alarm-
nig dangers wherewith we are at this moment en-
compassed, and unintentionally, of course, mis-
represent, the true state of public sentiment and
public action in the North and the northern por-
tions of the West, i, at least, will not consent to
be a party-to the deception. I tell gentlemen of the
South that the doctrines of Hale, Banks, Seward,
Giddmgs, Chase, Lincoln, and, above all, of the
New York Tribune, are the doctrines of a large ma-
jority of the people of the North, and of a powerful
and, for all efficient purposes of political action,
a controlling minority just now in the West. One
column of editorial in the recognized organs of the
Republican party of Ohio, circulating every day
among the masses of the people, penetrating into
the homes and hearts of every family, acting and
reacted upon by the public opinion which they
help to create, and by which the public men of
this country are set up or pulled down at the ballot-
box, is better evidence of the true Republican
sentiment of Ohio than a thousand speeches from
the distinguished member from the seventh dis-
trict of that State, [Mr. Corwin.] Sir, I listened
the other day, as I always listen, with very great
pleasure, to the genial and gushing eloquence from
the lips of that gentleman, touched as they are as
with a live coal from the altar of oratory. In the
sentiments which he uttered here, there is much
—very much—which meets my hearty concur-
rence; but I regret that truth and candor compel
me to say that Tic does not represent the opinions
and sentiments of the party to which he belongs,
lie claims, indeed, the leadership of that party.
Pardon me—he is not only not a leader, hut not
even a respectful follower of the Republican party
in that State. [Applause in the galleries.] Ken-
tuckian as he is by birth, nobleman by nature,
patriot as he is, and "Wing as he once was, I know
that he never will consent to "guard the baggage"
of that vandal host. Yet am I sorry to say that
to him, more than to any other man in the State,
the Republn-an pai ty to-day are indebted for their
political supremacy in Ohio. He it was, who,
