1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
I desire to know how many of our American
friends will follow the patriotic example set by the
honorable gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Lar-
rabee;] how many of them will say, in a contest
between a Democrat and a Republican, I will vote
for the Democrat ? I want to know. There is no
answer; no answer except that of my friendfrom
Georgia, [Mr. Hill.] Now, sir, here is a north-
western Democrat, who comes forward and says
that ho is willing; to vote for a South American
for Speaker. Will the South Americans say that
they are willing to vote for a northern Democrat
for Speaker, or for a northwestern Democrat? Is
there one of them ?
What I said was this: I said that it was unrea-
sonable to suppose—to require, was the expres-
sion—Democrats from the Worth and Northwest
to vote for a South American; but, sir, u' reason-
able as the demand was, they have shown a wil-
lingness to meet it. How many of the South
Americans will vote for a northern or a north-
western Democrat ?
Mr. STOKES took the floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. How many of the South
Americans will vote for a northern or northwest-
ern Democrat?
Mr. STOKES. I stated it distinctly the other
day, in the remarks which I then submitted, that
if the contest narrowed down between a Democrat
and a Republican, if the contingency arose and I
was called upon to cast my vote for a Democrat
or a Republican, I should cast my vote for a sound,
conservative, national Democrat in^tead of for the
Republican. I stated on that occasion what I
repeat here to-day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the gentleman to
be brief, or else I will never get an opportunity
to finish my speech with these constant interrup-
tions.
Mr. STOKES. As my friend has proposed the
question, I desire that this House should hear
what I have got to say in reply to it. I stated,
sir, on the occasion to which I have already re-
ferred, that I would no more vote for a Democrat
who was of the Douglas school, and would vote
for Douglas for President, if he were nominated
by the Charleston convention, than I would for n
Republican; that I could no more indorse popular-
sovereignty doctrine than I could that of the Repub-
licans; and that 111 the event of the contest being
between a Republican and a Douglas Democrat,
I would cast my vote for Mr. Gilmer or some
other of my American friends.
Mr.NOELL asked a question here which could
not be heaid at the reporters' desk.
Mr. STOKES. I have not asked them to do
any such thing. I now ask to read a resolution
that has been passed by the honest men of the
Democratic party of one of the counties of my
State, represented by one of my honorable Dem-
ocratic colleagues.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is no answer to
my question.
Mr. STOKES. It is a part of my answer.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That opens up a new
speech; and if I tolerate everything of this kind,
I will never get through. I can stand a reason-
able amount of interruptions, but I cannot stand
that.
Mr. STOKES. My friend from Georgia has
called me out.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. But not upon that res-
olution,
Mr. STOKES. I desire to state what sort of
a Democrat I will vote for.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I can yield to the gen-
tleman no further.
Mr. STOKES. Let me read the resolution, so
that the Douglas Democrats may hear it. I want
them to hear it, and to know whether my colleague
indorses it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. What I inquire about
is, what you South Americans are ?,oing to do,
and not what any county in the South is going to
do. Therefore, with all respect to the gentleman,
I must decline to yield to him further.
Mr. STOKES. I desire to announce this fact,
then, that I have the resolution I have referred to,
and when the pioper opportunity offers, I will
present it to the attention of the House. I want
to explain this Douglas matter. [Laughter.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. You see that, when I
give way to an answer, and I say it with all re-
spect, instead of replying to my question, that
they will orwill not do the thing referred to,they
all want to make, if not a whole speech, at least a
large portion of one. I will now go through with
what 1 have got to say, and I hope that gentlemen
will answer seriatim totheirhearts'content. When
interrupted I had reached this point. I had shown
the South how we of the South were defeated.
Let me say to the South Americans that we have
got but sixty-seven Democrats from the South,
and that if we gave them all to you, with Mr. Gil-
mer's thirty-six votes, they would make only one
hundred and three votes, not enough to elect. I
talk of southern men exclusively. I want to see
the South stand upon this floor united. I com-
plain that the southern Americans do not unite
with us for that purpose. I want, sir, to give the
lie to the slander and calumny perpetrated against
our people, that they themselves are divided as
to their rights. I desire the South to present a
united front and give a united vote upon this
floor.
Another view, and 1 pass from that subject for-
ever. You South Americans have got no organ-
ization outside of the South. You have here but
one man cooperating with you from the North,
the honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Briggs,] to whoso remarks I listened with great
pleasure) and for which, as a Representative of a
southern district, I tender him the warm thanks
of my constituents, for boldly and patriotically
throwing himself into the breach to prevent the
wave of Black Republican fanaticism rolling over
us. I thank him from the bottom of my heart.
He is the nucleus, the only nucleus of the Amer-
ican party in the North, and the northern Amer-
ican party is not strong enough, therefore, to do
the country any good. You have not the votes,
and if you had the whole South you would have
only ninety-one. I call upon the South Amer-
icans to stand shoulder to shoulder with those
gallant men who are willing to give you all your
rights.
Mr. HATTON. I do not desire to interrupt
the course of argument of the gentleman; but I
understand that lie is making an appeal to my-
self and to certain other gentlemen from the
South belonging to the southern Opposition. He
asks us. as sucH, to come over and take our posi-
tion with him and such northern Democrats as
are willing, as he says, to concede to the South all
their constitutional rights. Now let me ask him
a question ior two, and when he answers them
satisfactorily, there may then be some point in
his appearand some propriety in his declaration
that the northern Democracy are, according to
/lis oiv'ii standard, sound. Are the northern Dem-
ocratic allies of the gentleman willing to protect,
by legislation, his stave property in the Territo-
ries ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My answer is this: I
understand every Democrat upon this floor is will-
ing to stand by the principles of the Dred Scott
decision.
Mr. HATTON. Aha!
Mr. UNDERWOOD. And that is where they
stand.
Mr. HATTON. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I respectfully ask the gentleman to say, in the
name of the northern Democracy, whether they
are willing to vote for the enactment of any law
by Congress with a view to the protection of sla-
very in the Territories.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman knows
that.
Mr. HATTON. Will your northern party friends
vote for such a law ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I say we stand upon the
laws of the land, and there tile American party of
the State of Georgia stands, with Mr. Hili. at its
head.
Mr. HATTON. The gentleman may consider
that response a sufficient one to my interrogatory.
I do not. I put to him a plain question, and I pre-
sume he comprehends it. The question is, are
your northern Democratic friends and allies will-
ing to vote for the protection of slavery m the
Territories, in the form of a statute passed by Con-
gress for that purpose ? Your standard of sound-
ness requires a readiness on the part of Repre-
sentatives to do this.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not doubt that they
are; and I give this reason for it: Mr. Buchanan,
the representative of the northern people, has so
said. That is one reason. Another reason is,
that the Democrats of the North have never failed
to give to the people of the South all their rights*
under the Constitution of the United States, and
I do not believe they ever will.
Mr. HATTON. 1 have now gotwhathe regards
as an answer to my first interrogatory. It is that
the northern Democrats here stand pledged, as I
understand him, in favor of intervention for the
protection of slavery in the Territories by act of
Congress. Very well.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Did you oppose or ap-
prove of it in Tennessee.' Did John Bell, or Mr.
Crittenden, of Kentucky ?
Mr. HATTON. Ah ! I am now responding
to an appeal made to me by the gentleman on the
alleged soundness of northern Democrats.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir; responding by
asking a question. That is the way you respond;
and let the country take notice of it. It is not a
response at all. I am now on the witness stand.
Mr. HATTON. Yes, sir; and I intend, with-
out meaning any disrespect to the honorable gen-
tleman, to keep him upon the stand—so long as
he says I am not trespassing upon his time—un-
til I get an answer to my question. You ask me
'to come and take a position with the northern
Democrats, because, you say, they are willing to
secure to you your rights under the Constitution,
and 1 want to find out whether that was mere dec-
lamation or the fact. I come to you for informa-
tion, and ask whether your northern allies are
in favor of congressional intervention to protect
slavery in the Territories ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I say they are, in my
judgment. That is the law of the land. They
have always stood by the law and the Constitu-
tion, and I believe they always will.
Mr. HATTON. I understand this general sort
of declamation by gentlemen upon the stump.
Here I do not. There should be a difference m
the course of gentlemen upon the floor of the
American Congress—where, not mere victory, but
the discovery of truth, should be their purpose—
and at the hustings. I want to understand the
gentleman. He has undertaken to give an an-
swer to my first question. Now, I want to know
whether you will support for the Presidency a
man who avows the doctrine that the people of
a Territory may, in their territorial capacity, pre-
vious to the lime they form their State constitution,
exclude slavery from the Territories? Will you
support a man who avows this doctrine; which,
without disrespect to anybody, I choose to char-
acterize, m the language of a resolution adopted
by a Democratic meeting in my own town the
other day, as a " heresy ?"
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The country will see
how my question is answered by the gentleman.
Mr. HATTON. I hope I shall hear the gen-
tleman's answer.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. You shall. I call the
attention of the country to the fact, that when I
appeal to the patriotism of gentlemen to rally to
the aid of the South, by supporting a Democrat,
the gentleman gravely stands up and asks me a
question having a tendency to divide and distract
the Democracy in this House, the only party in
the Union which has the power to drive back this
wave of black abolitionism.
Mr. HATTON. Now, Mr. Clerk 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Stop, sir; I have the
iloor.
Mr. HATTON. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not intend to give
up the floor to the gentleman. I want to get
through.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Georgia
refuses to yield the floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will go on. I did not
interrupt the gentleman. I allude again to the
spectacle we present to the country. Sir, while
I am appealing to the patriotism of honorable
gentlemen on this floor to come up and act with
the Democratic party, they get up and tell me that
there are Democrats at 'the North who do not
exactly agree with me about this congressional
intervention in the Territories. We have not
asked you to vote for that sort of a man. We
have asked you to come and vote for a southern
Democratwho does agree with you; and you will
not do it, because you say that northern Dem-
ocrats do not agree with you on that subject._
Mr. HILL. Will my colleague allow me t
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; I will not give
