468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
way. I have positively declined it. I do not
' intend to be-interrupted.
Mr. STOKES. The gentleman from Georgia
has asked whether we will go for a northern or
northwestern Democrat ? I desire to answer him.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I waive the question
and the answer both. I will not yield any more.
The CLERK. The Clerk hopes that the gen-
tleman will not be interrupted any more.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The next gentleman
that wants to take the floor from me will have to
put me down first. Unless some gentleman will
say that I have misrepresented his position, or
that I have personally offended him, I will not
yield.
Now, Mr. Clerk, let us go back to the sub-
ject of electing a southern Democrat. Our South
American friends come up and tell us that the
northern Democrats do not agree with them, and,
therefore, they will not votefor us. Is there any
Democrat in this House so far gone in abolition-
ism as Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania? And yet
that gentleman voted with my colleague for Mr.
Gilmer. These are the men who refuse to vote
for a Democrat, because they say there are some
gentlemen on this side who do not agree with
them.
Mr. HILL. Will my colleague allow me to
interrupt him ? *
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir. This fact must
go before the country. Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, voted for Mr. Gilmer. The record
shows that.
Mr. HILL. He agreed not to do it again.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Now, Mr. Clerk, see in
whatsortofaposition these gentlemen place them-
selves. When I appeal to them to unite with us,
this is the way they endeavor to raise trouble in
the Democratic party. I want the people of the
South to see it and understand it. Let me ask
you whether the northern men of your party are
in favor of legislating to protect the rights of slave-
holders in the Territories? But I do not want any
answer, [laughter.] IVoes anybody in the world
imagine that Mr. Brfggs is in favor of it? I am
positive, certain, he is not. You can act with
him, but cannot act with a Democrat. There is
not a man at the North who will act with you,
outside of the Democratic party. I will give
twenty-five dollars apiece for all the men who can
be produced at the North, outside of the Demo-
cratic party, who will stand by the constitutional
rightsof the South as you and I understand them.
As to the Union party, there is no such party,
and there is no such hope. You have got one
Senator, [Mr. Crittenden',] and he is a southern
man; and you have nobody in this House but
Mr. Briggs. You propose to build up this great
party to save theUnion,on the honorable gentle-
man from New York. He is big enough to be
the corner-stone of the party, i have no doubt;
but he has not got the stiength to form a paity
out of. There is nobody at the North, outside of
the Democrtitie party, who will go for protecting
slavery in the Territories. When I appeal to you
to come and stand by these noble, true-hearted
men at the North, you refuse to do it.
I was saying that it was an easy thing to be a
Democrat in my State. In the State of Georgia,
the defense of the constitutional rights of the South
is an easy thing. But, iiow is it with my noble
friends at the Northwest? Then* they brave pub-
lic opinion. There they stand forthwith adevo-
tion to the Constitution and a devotion to principle
that has never been surpassed since the beginning
of time on this earth. They stand by the consti-
tutional rights of the South; and when I call on
these men who represent southern constituencies
to come with me and stand by those men, the
answer is, that they agree with Judge Douglas;
that Judge Douglas thinks this and Judge Doug-
las thinks that. I tell you, sir, I am prepared to
answer all these questions about Judge Douglas
when the time comes. I told you, to-day, that I
stand by the laws of the land, if the northern
Democracy stand by the Dred Scott decision, there
is where I stand, too; and be it for us or be it
against us, shoulder to shoulder we will fight with
the men of the North on the principles declared
by the Supreme Court of the United States in the
Dred Scott decision. So much as to that.
Now,a word or two in regard to my position,
if this blighting wave of Black Republicanism
should beat ovor the country, and if Seward
should be elected President of the United States.
My friend from Georgia [Mr. Hill] says he
would wait for an overt act. So far as Seward
is concerned, he is guilty of the overt act. At
common law, he is guilty of actual treason against
the Governmentandagainst the rightsof our sec-
tion. John Brown's invasion of Virginia was the
legitimate result of Seward's teachings; and the
treasonable harangues of the hypocrites in the
pulpits at the North, and of the unprincipled and
unscrupulous politicians there, are the legitimate
sequence of those principles. Before the eye of
history, Seward stands to-day as guilty a man
as John Brown. There is no mistake about it.
Talk to me about waiting for an overt act! The
overt act has been committed, so far as Seward
is concerned. The sovereign 8tate of Virginia
has been invaded by an armed band of traitors,
and the blood of citizens of Virginia has been
spilled on the soil. It is true, that so far as these
vile agents of Seward's are concerned, they have
paid the forfeit of their lives. But the sentiment
remains; Seward's philosophy is sown broad-
cast over the northern States, and here are their
Representatives on this floor battling against the
Constitution and the rights of the South. In this
contest our South American friends will not come
to us, and stand by us, and aid us to beat back
this Black Republican wave.
Well, you will ask, what I am going to do?
This Government is, I believe, a Government of
limited powers; it is limited by the Constitution.
It is a Government of consent, notof force. 1 be-
lieve in the principles of the Virginia and Ken-
tucky resolutions; that the Constitution of the
United States is a compact, and that each party
to the compact is, in case of its infraction, to j udge
of the mode and measure of redress. I am a
Georgian. To the State of Georgia I owe my
allegiance, first, last, and always. By her I in-
tend to stand. Georgia is, in her sovereignty,
the judge of the infraction of the compact and of
the mode and measure of redress. If Georgia says
secession; if Georgia says disunion; if Georgia
says revolution; if Georgia says fight in the Union
or fight out of the Union, 1 intend to stand by the
action of the sovereign people of Georgia; and if
an army belonging to tht-jse eighteen million at
the Noith,and headed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] shall come to de-
prive us of our rights, and if Georgia shall be
subjugated, it will be when I am in my grave.
That, sir, is all 1 have to say upon that. The
gentleman cannot divide me and my people.
Whenever they shall say disunion-.whenever they
shall say secession; whenever they shall say rev-
olution ; or whenever they shall say fight it out in
the Union, I am with them. Sir, if the people of
Georgia are for fighting in the Union, I will fight
with them. 1 do not care how Georgia decides:
if she is for resistance in the Union or out of it, I
a$i with that State. 1 am by the State of Georgia
and her sovereignty. I repeat, sir, that Georgia
is the judge of the infraction; Georgia is the judge
of the mode, and Georgiais the judge of the measure
of redress.
Mr. HUTCHINS obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
allow me about ten minutes to respond to the gen-
tleman from Geoigia, [Mr. Underwood?]
Mr. HUTCHINS. Is it a personal matter?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will state to the
gentleman from Ohio that it is not a personal
matter; hut, sir, the gentleman from Georgia has
seen proper to allude to a speech, and to reply to
it to some extent, which I delivered in this House
sor^e few days ago, and 1 want briefly to answer
him. In Ins speech, he has endeavored to vindi-
cate the President upon his record, or rather to
present him to this House and to the country upon
his record, m luference to the doctrine of popular
sovereignty. Now, what I wish to say is this:
I do not think the gentleman has presented that
record m its proper light; in other words, I do not
think he has presented that record in full.
I desire to say, also, as I said the other day, in the
language of Mississippi's distinguished Senator,
[Mr. Brown,] that I neither want to cheat nor to
be cheated. I want to understand the gentleman
from Georgia, and I want the gentleman from
Georgia to understand me. If we cannot agree,
then there is a separation in our views; and let
that be amicable.
Mr. Clerk, I have great respect for the sincerity
of the gentleman from Georgia, and for his abil-
ity; but, sir, I must be permitted to say that I
think he has not presented the views of the Pres-
ident correctly. If I understood him, he read from
a letter which was written by Mr. Buchanan, in
1848, commonly called the Sanford letter. 1 have
frequently read that letter; and from it, and from
the views set forth in the inaugural address of
the President, the gentleman comes to the conclu-
sion, and enforces that conclusion, I will concede,
with great power and eloquence, upon the consid-
eration of the House, that the President always
entertained the opinion, that under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, a citizen of a slave State
could go into any one of the Territories of the
United States with his slave property? and hold
it there "under a constitutional guarantee in de-
fiance of the wish or will of the people inhabiting
that Territory.
Now, that we may understand fully what the
President did say, and in order to try him fairly
upon his record—and I am not going to respond
at any great length to the argument of the gentle-
man—I will read from the President's inaugural
address. He says:
" A difFcrence of opinion has arisen in regard to the point
of time when the people of a Tciritory shall decide this
question for themselves.. This is, happily, a matter of but
little practical importance. Besides, it is a judicial ques-
tion which legitimately belongs to the Supreme Court of
the United States, before whom it is now pending, and will,
it is understood, be speedily and finally settled. To their
decision, in common with all good citizens, I shall cheer-
fully submit, whatever tins may be, though, it has ever
been my individual opinion that, under the Nebraska-Kan-
sas act, the appropriate penod will be when the number of
actual lesidents in the Territoiy shall justify the formation
of a constitution with a view to its admission as a State
into the Union."
Now, there is the individual opinion which he
expressed in the Sanford letter. He goes on to
say, however:
<% But, be this as it may, it is the Imperative and indis-
pensable duty of the Government of the United States to
secure to every resident inhabitant the free and independ-
ent expicssion of his opinion by his vote. This sacred right
ot each individual must be preserved."
Mark, this is the right to be secured of every
individual citizen to express his opinion upon the
slavery question—for he was talking about that—
uninfluenced and unbiased by any extraneous con-
siderations. That right being secured, what fol-
lows? Let the President answer for himself. He
says:
"That being accomplished, nothing can be fairer than to
leave the people of a Territory free from all foreign inter-
ference to decide their own destiny for themselves, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States.
"The whole teuitonal question being thus settled upon
the principle of popular sovereignty—a principle as ancient
as ftee government itself—everything of a practical nature
has been decided. No other question remains for adjust-
ment ; because all agree that undet the Constitution slavery
m the States is beyond the reach of any human power ex-
cept that of the respective States themselves wherein it
exists."
Now, mark, the President here says expressly
that" the whole territorial question is settled upon
the principle of popular sovereigntyAnd he
says that principle is " as ancient as free govern-
ment itself.5'
Now, then, we all understand what is meant by
this principle of popular sovereignty. There is
no dispute between Democrats of the North and
South upon it. They understand it, although
some of our southern friends repudiate it. The
President did say, in his inaugural address, that
the territorial question has been decided. How
decided? Why, upon the principle of popular
sovereignty—decided upon the principle of leaving
the people of a Territory to say whether they
will or will not have slavery, as they may think
best.
But this is not all, Mr Clerk. James Buchanan
was elected President of the United States upon
a platform. The convention which nominated
him passed resolutions not only on the subject of
slavery, but on various other subjects. One of
hese resolutions is as follows:
"1. Resolved, That claiming fellowship with, and desir-
ing the cooperation of all who regard the preservation of
the Union under the Constitution as the paramount issue,
and repudiating all sectional parties and platforms concern-
ing domestic slavery, which seek to embroil the State* and
incite to treason and armed resistance to law in the Teni-
tories, and whose avowed purposes, if consummated, must
end in civil war and disunion, the American Democracy
recognize and adopt the principles contained in the organic
laws establishing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska,
as embodying the only sound and safe solution of the 4 sla-
very question,' upon which the great national idea of the
