2432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29.
is as far as I know. .There fire a great many-
things I do not know; and, therefore, inasmuch as
wcare a bad body to determine this question, and
as there is great difficulty and doubt, the committee
thought it was nothing but fair to go to the tri-
bunals of the country, where every man's rights
could be honestly and legally determined; and
that is our recommendation. These people came
here in 1814. They did not have an imperfect
title; they claimed a perfect grant. They then
came to Congress, and Congress refused to con-
firm the claim by not confirming it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. TOOMBS. They excluded it -from con-
firmation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Congress simply, in the
first act, which I think was in 1811, said that it
confirmed all grants that did not go beyond a
league square.
Mr. TOOMBS. Exactly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It would not examine the
rest—neither reject nor confirm them. That has
kept these people fifty years in this way.
Mr. TOOMBS. These people have been de-
manding a confirmation; they have been seeking
it; they have attempted to reach it thiough legis-
lation; they have got departmental decisions for
it. They had no right to confirmation, and no
need for it, if they had an honest title. The title
is just as good without confirmation as with it—
certainly as against squatters. If they have a bad
title; if there is to be a title a hundred years older
than theirs, you by this act of confirmation enable
them to defeat it, in case there should be any de-
fect in any mpsne conveyance. You give them
the original title of this Government, and they
can turn out those very men whose ancestors may
have been on the land for four generations, be-
cause, having a patent from this Government, that
is the original title, and they can bring suit on it;
and then, though the other party may have been
in possession undei a Spanish grant for four hun-
dred years instead of forty years, he can be turned
out by this proceeding.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not at all.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; and that is the effect
of the act of 1858. No time runs against the Gov-
ernment as the gentleman has laid down the law.
You gave this patent in 1858, and the prescrip-
tion cannot run against the Government until the
patent is issued to on individual who brings a suit
within the time; and if they had been four hun-
dred years in#possession, this law of Congress
would have ousted a title of that sort.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will permit
me to make a suggestion. He will see how com-
pletely he is mistaken. The proposition is not to
give them a title. They claim that they have been
in possession, as owners, for nearly a century.
The proposition is for the Government to with-
draw its claim. Consequently, the Government
withdraws its claim and lets these owners alone,
instead of selling their lands. They do not hold
any title from this Government; they hold under
theironginal title, and men who have been in pos-
session thirty or forty years have a perfect pre-
scriptive title against them. They do not get their
tula from this Government, but they get it from
the original grant.
Mr. TOOMBS. But you seek a patent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Only a quit claim.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, that is a very good title.
It gives all the title the Government has got, and
it is a very good one.
Mr. BENJAMLN. We are estopped from say-
ing that we get the title from the Government by
our own presentation of the claim in 1814, on the
original £rant.
Mr. TOOMBS. You can claim under a quit
claim. The idea that you cannot is not common
law, nor civil law either. I know somewhat of
the principles of law. It has been my business
from boyhood, and I know that a quitclaim title
is as good as any other title, to its extent, it gives
the grantee all the grantor's immunities, all his
rights, and all his? title; and this is the first time
1 have ever heard it suggested that a quit claim
title from the Government, or anybody else, did
not give all the grantor's rights. A quit claim
deed gives the entire rights of the grantor. That
is the full effect of it in the civil law as well as the
.common law, and I should suppose a man need
not read law to know that. Then, when these
parties get the Government title, that is, a quit
claim title, they have a paramount title until a
better can be shown. *
Mr. BENJAMIN. All these Spanish claims
have been confirmed long ago.
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe that is true; and the
land officer at Baton Rouge, in a communication
which i have aaaong the papers, says that of some
eleven hundred claims, ail but six h&ve been con-
firmed between the dates to which the original
reports confirmed them. The gentleman has it
eleven. All the rest of them have been confirmed
by Congress. Yery well, if a confirmation was
as good as a title, that would be sufficient, if they
had been confiimed; butl had supposed you were
going to turn out three hundied, as the Senator
supposed, but I can only find eleven, instead of
three hundred.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But you propose to treat
the land as public domain.
Mr. TOOMBS We treat as public land every-
thing to which a good title is not shown. That
is the policy of the Government. 1 should like
to know how you can act in any other way. If
there is a dispute between a proprietor claiming
under a grant and the Government, if the Gov-
ernment sells it at public land sales, it only sells
its title in the land, and if there was no title the
sale would pass nothing. Therefore, when we
propose to treat it as public land, we propose
not to hold it up from settlement, but to sell it
to those who choose to settle and pass the title of
the Government, whatever it may be, and get the
money. That is all it proposes to do. It does not
deprive any man of his constitutional rights. It
does not seek to do it; and does not do it in fact
or in law. That allegation is merely setting up
a pretense in reference to this matter. I say I
must treat it as public land, provided nobody can
show a better title than the Government; but if
there is a better title, go to the courts. If they
sell to any third person, go to the courts, and
whoever has a better title will have it. If this
Houmas title, which purports to be a good one, is
a good one; if it existed at the date of the treaty
and was then a valid claim, we have guarantied
it by treaty, and it is guarantied by the law of
nations, and it is a superior title to every other.
We do not propose to disturb the rights of its
holders; but the committee thought it was a ques-
tion of such great difficulty, of such great doubt,
that we ought not to give it the advantage of a
special confirmation by act of Congress. The
question depends upon a great many niceties of
the civil law. Let them go to lawyers, that know
all about it, and get it before the proper tribunals.
Lot them go there, and have their nghts adjudi-
cated. Do not, by your act here, permit it to oust
all those families who are said to occupy the
land by adverse claim. These five hundred fam-
ilies are not squatters. I know some of them.
They are reputed to be very respectable people;
and I am infoimcd outside that one of them has
successfully defeated these claimants. I know
that one of these petitioners, Mr. Tillotson, told
me that he had defeated this title in the Louisiana
courts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 have very little doubt
that Mr. Tillotson has a quantity of land under
an older Spanish title. This title does not inter-
fere with older titles.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am only stating these facts
outside. Now, we propose merely to let these
people stand just exactly where they were. We
were not bound to confirm anybody's title; but
these parties came here for confirmation. This
is all a pretense about the land officers, in 1829,
having first started a doubt, as the Senator says.
Congress would not confirm the grant; would n<*t
do anything with it;excepted it from the general
confirmation; only confirmed those that went to
the extent of one league square. Here were the
leports of your officers, time after time, but no
action was taken.
The gentleman referred to some errors which
he said were contained in the report. The prin-
cipal one that he referred to was in the opinion
of Mr. Clifford. Prom time to time applications
were made by Hampton,and by his children, who
came Tiere and asked for a confirmation. There
were a great many people settled within the limits
claimed for this grant. We have stated in this
report that the King of Spain himself sent over
from the Canary Islands a large number of people
and settled them upon the Amite, in 1778, and
they built houses and towns, and cultivated the
lands, without controversy from these claimants,
without objection from any quarter. Yery many
other grants were given; but, I say again, there
never was a description that claimed one hundred
and eighty thousand acres, on any bounds, until
1804, when they came within the limits of the
United States, and when land speculation there
commenced.
Was U acting the step-mother; was that aban-
doning the duty of protection to the inhabitants,
when wc told everybody that had a bad title to
come to us and make it good ? There was a large
class in Louisiana who were not entitled to title,
because Spain had sold the tcrritoiyto France
by a secret treaty—the treaty of San Ildefonso—
the Spanish Government still holding possession;
and, in 1803, when we acquired the country, the
people who had settled there between 1800 and
1803 were not entitled to a title, but thisGovorn-
mcnt said, give it to them. The people had very
defective titles. The Government said, give it to
them. They went, on, and could not make out
their titles. The Government gave titles to thou-
sands and thousands of people who had no other
assurance in the world than bare possession.
They said, then we will give you a giant to such
an extent, (six hundred and foity acres,) where
they could not show any concession. No Gov-
ernment in the world has ever been more liberal,
or, at least, more strictly honorable and just, than
the Government of the United States, under that
treaty with France. A great many of these claims
we did not believe in. Here, within a few years
past, was one of those claims, which the eloquent
gentleman from Louisiana, I believe, defended
before the Supreme Court of the United States—
the Baron De Bastrop claim—but the Supreme
Court decided against it. There were numerous
settlers upon it, some in Arkansas and some in
Louisiana, who had been there fifty years. They
went on it, supposing it to be Government land.
All this talk about their being trespassers, we un-
derstand perfectly well, but the Senator from Lou-
isiana much better than gentlemen from the old
States do. Until a few years ago* every man who
went on the public lands was a trespasser; but
you forgave the trespass, and made him a pivemp-
tioner. He went without a particle of right, but
you forgave him the trespass. The people who
have settled on this claim have done nothing more.
People went in the same way on the Maison
Rouge claim and on the Baron De Bastrop claim.
It is true that the Land Office, looking at this
thing, and saying that it was not to be sustained,
undertook to sell the land, and Judge Campbell
decided that they had not a right to do so, under
the act of 1811. What was that but paternal pro-
tection? The Government might grant anybody's
land, and say, " I will give my title, and if there
is anybody who has a better one, you must lose
the land;" but the Government was not disposed
to do that. It provided, by the act of 1811, that
whoever had a claim by metes and bounds, should
have it surveyed at the public expense, and until
that was done, the Government would not soli.
Was not that a liberal policy? So far from being
an unjust and an illiberal extortioner, which he
would make you believe, the Government has
acted with the most munificent justice and liber-
ality. She has taken these people's titles, what-
ever they were, examined them; run the lines out
at her own cost, and not at the cost of the parties;
sent commissioners to examine them ,who re ported
them here, and every one of them was confirmed,
except three or four thatavailed themselves of the
law of 1844, to sue the United States; and I be-
iieve my friend here [Mr. Crittenden] had some
.cquaintancewith this question,although hecoims
from Kentucky. Being Attorney General of the
United States, he had to argue them, both as law
officer of the Government under the administra-
tions of Harrison and of Fillmore. lie has had
to argue the civil law, and he has recovered those
cases for the Government. I, at least, had the
benefit of his information in my official position,
and I know that he successfully met the gentle-
man from Louisiana, and sustained the utle of the
United States in some cases in the Maison Rouge
and Baron De Bastrop grants.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No; that was settled long
before I came to Washington.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then 1 was mistaken as to
that. I know they were argued in the term of
