2484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
tee, I examined carefully document upon docu-
ment,)' they never trusted their title against a
squatter until they could arm themselves ■with a
Government patent. They could have sued the
other parties. They did not need any title from
the Government of the United States for that.
Their title was better than any we could give, if
it was good at all; and if it was good for part, it
was good for all it covered. It was good to every
extent, against everybody who had not a superior
title under the Government of Prance or Spain
before 1777. The effect of giving them a patent
is simply to enable them now to put at their feet
these one hundred old Spanish grantees, who may
have difficulties in their mesne conveyance; who
may have a defective administration; there may
have been a hundred thousand things that might
be imposed in the way. Give me a grant to all
the land in any city of one hundred thousand in-
habitants, a paramount title, and then let me get
all thateverybody cannotmakegood,and I should
be the richest man in America. That is whatyou
have done here. A man may have been upon
this land for four hundred years; Columbus may
have dropped there in 1492, and staid thereby a
good title ever since; but he is to be ousted, if he
cannot prove every link perfectly, because these
parties stand against him with a Government
patent.
The honorable Senator speaks of the enormous
hard ship of bringing people into court to prove
their titles. Here, by one act, he makes five hun-
dred people do that very thing. Pic demands
these men to sue every one of these five hundred
families; and now he thinks it a great outrage
when we say to these claimants that we will with-
draw the Government patent, and let the courts
settle their rights. In the act of 1858, the only
reservation of the rights of others is in regard to
those that may be made good by suits at law. I
say that legislation was not fit to be made. It
was interposing between contesting claimants un-
justly by this Government. It was giving unfair
advantages to one set of litigants over another.
It was compelling five hundred men to submit to
the Houmas grantees, and enabling them to say
to these others, " If you have no title, clear out;
you are squatters; and if you have a title, though
it may run back to 1778; though you may be a
descendant of one of those people from the Canary
Islands, whom your king put here, not thinking
that he had conveyed away all this title, you
cannot have this land, because we go to Manchac
on one side, and to Maurbpas on the other, and
we claim one hundred and eighty thousand acres
of land." Even a man who had an older title, if
it were, say three hundred years old; if there is
a flaw; if there is a defect in it; if he cannot prove
a will; if he cannot prove legitimacy in some case,
or if there be any defect in the back conveyances
—a want of record, a want of some judicial neces-
sity in making the conveyance—they say to him,
" Give me your homestead;" and your bill arms
them with a patent fiom the United States, and
robs every man of his homestead who has not a
perfect title to the soil on which he stands, not
by virtue of their title, but by virtue of ours.
They need not show any at all, except the Gov-
ernment's patent. All they have to do is to bring
an action of ejectment, say " Here is the patent,
here is the survey;" and close the case. And we
all know very well the case is with them then.
You bring them up, and require the other side to
account for their possession; and if there is the
least defect in the chain, you oust them. That
is the result.
I say it is an unjust advantage, and ought not
to stand. I do not propose to take away any
constitutional right. I repel the imputation. I
have tried to prevent its being done. I will take
away no man's right or justice. I desire, in the
first place, to repeal the act of 1858, and not grant
the title. There can be no question about our
right to repeal it, because Congress, on the Sen-
ator's own motion, last year, when complaint
was made that it was unjust, unanimously passed
a joint resolution to suspend it for two years, or
until the end of this Congress. If you can sus-
pend it two years, you can suspend it altogether.
There never was a necessity for it, except to give
these parties advantages over other litigants. It
was not only unnecessary, but it arms persons
who, in my judgment, had at best a doubtful
title—one stricti juris, not an equitable one—with
the title of the Government. It is worse than
that; it not only turns out these other settlers,
but the act of 1858 actually makes us pay them
all they lo^e. If, when these claimants, under
this law, go armed with your title, the settlers
already on the land shall, by some means or other,
defeat this Houmas grant, the Government of the
United States make good their title to every acre
they lose, by giving them land scrip to go all
over the country and take up some counties in
the Northwest, I suppose. "VVlry require us to
make good land which the Houmas claims can-
not get ? I did not know that was any part of the
treaty. If Spain or France granted land to a man,
and on investigation it turned out that there was
an elder and better title, why should the United
States be compelled to make good his loss? That
is what your act says—not where land is lost by
acts of our own, but by any cause whatever; and
if they lose one hundred thousand acres in the
Houmas grant, they can go to the Land Office
and get one hundred thousand acres of land scrip
to reach out wherever they please. I say it is
unjust.
But the Senator speaks of the action of the Land
Office. He says we have, in the report,omitted
to notice all their action favorable to the claim.
There were some subordinate officers—one that
he named—who did make a report that, in his
opinion, the Government ought to confirm it, but
it was overruled by his chief before it went up to
Mr. Legare. Some subordinates and others may
have done it, because this transaction has been
Eressed at the Land Office; it has been pressed in
lOuisiana before the surveyors general; pressed
in Cabinets; pressed in Congress, for the purpose
of getting a title. The effect of your legislation
as it is, is to take away the rights of the squatter,
who settled relying on the title of the Govern-
ment, and to take away from other people who
are relying on our confirmations. If there isany
bad faith, it is bad faith to those people whose
titles we have already confirmed. I do not wish
to condemn this title; I did not intend to say a
word about it. I do not say now that it is not
good. It may be, for all I know. I agree with
the Senator from Louisiana, that we are not a
competent body to decide on such questions. I
do not want them decided without a hearing, as
they were before. I must, of necessity, rely on
committees; and I have no doubt he believed it
tlie best policy to do so. I have not made, and
do not make, the least imputation on him. I dif-
fered from him. I would not do ij then or now.
I know nothing about the bills you pass, unless
they come from my committee. It is not a re-
proach to a gentleman to say that you do not
know his reports. I have no doubt you may say
you do not understand my reports; but, in my
judgment, this action of the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Chums, m 1858, was wrong. There
was my friend from Missouri who got a very large
slice of confirmations for his State.
Mr. POLK. All right.
Mr. TOOMBS. No doubt the gentlemen who
got these thought they were all right. What I
mean to say is, that I know nothing about them.
If you had only got land from the Government,
I would not have cared, as far as I am concerned.
I do not know these people. They sent me their
petition, representing themselves as five hundred
inhabitants and heads of families in the State of
Louisiana whose Senators were opposed to them
on this legislation, who believed it was right,
while they thought it was wrong; and they ap-
pealed to the Senate of the United States; and I,
not only with diffidence, but with the extremest
reluctance, have given much of my days and
nights to a fair, just, and impartial examination
of this case. I nave given* to the Senate the con-
clusions of my best judgment. As for the result,
it is with the Senate of the United States. I am
done with it.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I wish to say a
few words only upon the practical point in this
legislation.
Mr. POLK. If the Senator from Ohio will
allow me, I will merely observe that so far as the
act of 1858 has respect to the confirmation of
claims in Missouri, I am satisfied, as I said pri-
vately to the Senator who has just sat down, that
the confirmations are all correct; and that act con-
firms ths claims by the names of the claimants. I
will state further, that I am well satisfied, from
conversations I have had with one of my col-
leagues in the lower House, Mr. Noell, who
represents the southwestern district of Missouri,
in which district there were many of these inchoate
Spanish titles, that some of the names that were
embraced in the bill as I originally presented it to
the Senate, but which were stricken out when the
bill was reported, were wrongfully stricken out
on information—correct information as I supposed
then—that had been received from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, or at any rate
from the land department of the Government. I
wish it also understood, that no person has made
any complaint at all that anybody has had an
injustice done to him by that act so far as titles in
the State of Missouri are concerned.
Mr.PUGH. This bill does not apply to any of
the Missouri titles. It includes no Missouri titles.
Mr. POLK. I am aware of that. I only made
the remark because of the reference made to the
Missouri titles by the Senator from Georgia, who
has just taken his seat.
Mr. PUGH. I said, sir, that I intended to
speak to a practical question of the bill reported
by the select committee; and I shall only advert
to the main historical features of the Houmas
grant as throwing light on the conclusions at
which the committee arrived.
The system of grants in Spanish and French .
colonies was somewhat peculiar. The country
was not regularly surveyed and subdivided, as in
most of our States, so that a person could have a
section or a fraction of a section. The grants
were made following the water-courses, such a
distance in front, and being of the customary
depth of forty arpents. In fact, I think this depth
was fixed by the ordinance of O'Reilly; at all
events, it was notorious that when the front of
the grant was established upon the water-course,
it went to the depth of forty arpents and no more,
unless it struck another water-course where it term-
inated ordinarily. These grants were generally
made so many arpents in front on the river Mis-
sissippi by the customary depth. That was the
original Houmas grant. The petition presented
to the first Spanish Governor, Unzaga, represented
that William Conway and his partner Latil had
purchased of the Houmas tribe of Indians their
claim to the land lying upon the Mississippi river a
certain distance above the city of New Orleans,
whereupon Governor Unzaga made a concession
or grant to Conway and Latil of so many arpents
in front on the Mississippi river by the custom-
ary depth of forty arpents.
That was the beginning of the title. That is
not in dispute; that never has been controverted.
That, if it had been presented to the board of
commissioners in 1806, would have stood con-
firmed, ipso facto, without any intervention of Con-
gress. The parties are entitled to a patent for that
grant to-day, if they choose to take it. But after-
wards another Governor came in—Galvez—and
William Conway presented a petition to him,
stating that he had be come owner of the entire
grant by assignment from Latil; that the custom-
ary depth of forty arpents from the Mississippi
river did not enable him to reach the cypress
swamp, and that, without reaching the cypress
swamp, he could not procure timber tomake fences
for his ground and for the ordinary purposes of
his plantation. That was the cause of the second
grant; that was the ground on which it was put;
that was the argument to Governor Galvez. That
was the causa causarum of the whole second con-
cession.
Now, sir, where do we stand ? Let any gen-
tleman look at the map which' the Senator from
Georgiabasprcsentedfrom the surveyorsgeneral's
office of Louisiana. To furnish timber for fences
to a tract of less than a league square, two counties
arc to be added. The proposition ismonstrousin its
mere statement. There it is; any gentleman can
see it who will look at that map. Forty arpents
in depth by a given front was the concession, and
the party in possession desires to make fences,
and I suppose construct other improvements on
his place, and under a petition that he may have
leave to run his lines out to reach the cypress
swamp to get timber, he runs them to the eastern
boundary of the province of Louisiana, includ-
ing the whole of one parish, and fractions of two
other parishes. That is the case practical!;'.
iVlr. CRITTENDEN. Read the second con-
