48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Decomber'19,
W
-36th Cong. .. .1st Sess. Resistance to Black Republican Domination—Mr. Singleton
Ho. of Reps.
faith and a want of proper observance of its re-
quirements. Let me ask that gentleman, in all
sincerity, if, as long as that act was upon the
statute-book, an effort was ever made at the South
directly or indirectly, to violate it? If so, I ask
him to tell mc when and where. Did not the
North get all the benefits which grew out of it?
Did it not?
Mr. HICKMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man's question by asking him another.
Mr. SINGLETON. That is a Yankee way of
doing business which I do not approve of. If I
ask a question which admits of a plain answer, I
expect to have it.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I will answer you;
and I suppose you will have no objection to an-
swer a question of mine in return.
Mr. SINGLETON. Certainly not.
Mr. IIICKMAN. If I understand the history
of the legislation of 1850-54, there was a demantl
made by the Representatives of the South that
what was called the exclusive legislation of 1820
should be repealed; that the Missouri compromise
law, inasmuch as it prevented slavery from enter-
ing into territory north of the line 36° SO', was
unjust toward the South, and they demanded its
repeal. They wont, almost in a body, for its re-
peal. By the aid of a few northern itepresenta-
tives, they accomplished that repeal; and in return
for it they gave to the North what I say was a
distinct pledge that the question of slavery, from
that day forward, should cease to be agitated in
Congress, and that the settlement of the whole
question should be left to the people of the Terri-
tories for their determination. An effort was
made—perseveringly made—to force slavery into
the territory from which it had been excluded by
the act of 3820; and, failing in that effort, they
now denounce the legislation of 3854, and insist
that the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill
shall be repudiated. As I said the other day,
they will have nothing more lo do with it. This,
I say, is destroying the common understanding
that was had between the Representatives of the
South and of the North, m 1820.
Now, I wish to ask the gentleman this question:
whether the South did not, in 1854, consider it
beneficial to them to have the Missouri compro-
mise line repealed ? Jf they did not consider it of
any importance, why did they struggle so long
and so anxiously for its repeal?
Mr. SINGLETON. Mr. Clerk, ihe gentleman
has not answered the question that I propounded
to him. I made the statement on this floor, which
1 now repeat, that as long as this Missouri com-
promise tme was on the statute-book unrepealed,
there was never an attempt on the part of the
South to evade its force, either directly or indi-
rectly. Every Territory that has been organized
north of that line came in with a chmse in its con-
stitution prohibiting .shivery. You have received
everything you had a right to expeef from the
passage of that act; and you have lost nothing by
its repeal. In the year 1848, upon the organiza-
tion of a territorial government for Oregon, when
a proposition was made by your great leader,
whoso fortunes you are now following—Mr. Doug-
las, of Illinois—to extend the Missouri compro-
mise line from the Rio Grande to the Pacific
ocean, abnost every northern man in the Senate
voted against it.
Mr. LEAKE. The bill for the organization of
the Territory of Oregon, as reported by the Com-
mittee on Territories in the Senate, in the second
session of the Twenty-Ninth Congress, contained
the usual clause for the prohibition of slavery.
Mr. Armistead Curt, of South Carolina, moved
the adoption of a clause designing to icenact the
Missouri compromise. That amendment was
rejected, and the bill passed in defiance of that
objection.
Mr. SINGLETON. If gentlemen will examine
the records of the proceedings of Congress their
minds will be satisfied that the South did not
make war on the line of 36° 30', but on the con-
trary was willing at all times, by extending it to
the Pacific, to make it a line between the North
and South, and thus forever settle this vexed
question. I will undertake to show by the vote
and speech of Senator Hale, of New Hampshire,
question of organizing a territorial gov-
ernment for Utah, that that was the position oc-
cupied by him, and that, while southern men
were anxious to have a fair adjustment of the
question, northern men constantly and persist-
ently opposed it.
Let me refer to the remarks of a Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis:]
" Before taking the vote I wish to offer an amendment to
change the parallel 37° to the parallel 36° 80'. I know that my
friends say the higher up the better; but 1 do not think so.
I do not perccive why we, without some reason growing
out of tho settlement of the country, should evade a line
acquiesced in as a political line, and the value of which is
something to me. I look beyond the present question ; I
look beyond the tenitoiy to be organized in the country
south of this line, and other gentlemen, f think, look be-
yond it. Bat whether they do or not, it will not prevent
me from doing so. Why is this half degiee to be included
m the territory south of it? Simply to raise the question
against us. and on this half degree ail the way through.
The Senator from Illinois is willing, and it is but just I
should say so, to take the line of 3G" 30', and my own friends
commit a great error say it in kindness, tho hints of which
they will find when they come to organize the teiritories
south ofit."
Well, sir, what did Senator Hale say in re-
sponse to this proposition made by a Senator from
a southern State, [Mr. Davis, of Mississippi,] to
extend its southern boundary half a degree fur-
ther south ? For what purpose? In order that it
might give significance to this line of 360 30', and
that it might be deemed binding on the North and
on the South, not only then, but m the organiza-
tion of Territories at a future day. Mr. Hale
spoke as follows:
" i wish to say a word as a reason why I shall vote
again>t the amendment. 1 shall vote a«uw«t 3j° 30', be-
cause I think then  K an implication in it. [Lausrhtei.J I
will vote for 37° or 36® cither, just as it is convenient; but
it is idle to shut our eyes to the lact that here is an attempt
m this lull—I will not tay it is the intention of the mover—
to pledge this Senate and Congress to the imaginary line of
35° 30', because there are some historical recollections con-
nected with it in regaid to this eontiovcisy about slavery.
1 will content myself with saying that J never will, by vote
or speech, admit or bubmit to an> thing that may bind the
action of our legislation here to make the parallel of 36° 30'
the boundary Hue between slave and fine territoiv And
when I say that, I explain the reason why I go against the
amendment."
A vote was taken upon the amendment offered
by Senator Davis. 1 have it before me, and I
find that almost every northern man—every one
certainly that now belongs to the Republican
party—voted against it,, and only three or four
Senators of the Democratic party North, were
found to vote in favor of the proposition. Now,
gentlemen, when yon take it upon yourselves to
palm off upon the country that we have been war-
ring upon the Missouri compromise line; that we
have not acquiesced in it in good faith; that we
have demanded its repeal; and that it has been
through us that it has been repealed, I say you
must go back and examine the records of the two
Houses of Congress before you make that charge.
We know that the, Missouri compromise was re-
pealed. Who moved its repeal ? Was it a south-
ern man? It came from Mr. Dottoj.as himself.
Tie considered the law unconstitutional, as we
did; and when a proposition came from tho North
declaring it so—as the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States has since declared it to be—it was not
wonderful at all that we so voted. We would
have been recreant to ourselves and to the inter-
ests of our people, if we had voted otherwise.
Well, sir, the Supreme Court has since adjudi-
cated the, question, and has said that compromise
act ought never to have been upon the statute-
book: and if it ought never to have been there,
surely it was no act of bad faith on the part of
Representatives of the South to vote for its repeal.
So long as the question of repeal did not come
up, so long as the act placed there by their pre-
decessors remained, they could afford to acqui-
esce in it; but when they were called upon to cast
their votes either to continue or to repeal it, I ask
if any gentleman here does not perceive that it
was their duty to vote for its repeal? But I again
assert that so long as it remained unrepealed, we
did observe it in good faith; and no effort was
made to fftrcc slavery into any Territory north of
that line. In 1848, before the agitation of this
question, and whilst Mr. Polk was President, this
matter came up in the bill organizing a territorial
government for the Territory of Oregon. A clause
was inserted forever prohibiting slavery from that
Territory, and, although the line did not extend
beyond the Rio Grande, and although Oregon there-
fore could not be considered north of that line,
yet Mr. Polk gave his sanction to that bill with
the prohibitory clause m it,; and g^ve as a reason
for so doing that it would lie north of that line if
extended to the Pacific. You of the North have lost
nothing by its repeal; and, therefore, when you
offer this as an excuse for excitement and agita-
tion, it will not avail you in the estimation of
men of sound sense anywhere.
But, sir, the gentleman from Pennsylvania re-
ferred also to the compromise measures of 1850,
and seemed to think that we had been wanting
in good faith in not observing properly the com-
promises of that day. What aid we of the South
receive under these compromise measures? You
organized California as a State, one half of which
lay south of the line of 36° 30', and she was
brought in without the forms of law, and with-
out a constitution being properly formed by her
people. You gave territorial governments to Utah
and New Mexico, the whole of Utah, with the
exception of half a degree, being south of the
Missouri line. Those territorial governments
were organized to suit your own views. You
abolished the slave trade, and slavery itself, pro
tanto, in the District of Columbia. The only
semblance of good that wc got in those compro-
mise measures of 1850, was the fugitive slave law
in an amended form. And let me ask you, gen-
tlemen of the North, hove you kept faith with us
in the enforcement of that law? Can a southern
man to-day, if his slave escape, even into a bor-
der State, go there with any sort of security, and
recover that slave? No, sir; no man in his senses
would enter upon such a Quixotic expedition,
with hope of success. I might refer to the gen-
tleman 'sown State—to the Christiana riots, which
occurred there, when a southern man was mur-
dered on the soil of Pennsylvania, simply because
he undertook to recover a fugitive slave under that
law.
I might refer to the difficulties which sprung up
in Boston, m the Burns case when it became ne-
cessary to call out fourteen or fifteen military com-
panies to suppress the mob, and this Government
had to foot a bill of $13,000 for expenses incurred
in enforcing the law. 1 might refer to these and
many other cases to show that so far from acting
in good faith, you have thrown all the obstacles
you could in the way of the enforcement of that
law.
So upon examination it will be found, I appre-
hend, that in every single case, so far from the
South having proved recreant to her trust, or
having failed to comply with all constitutional
obligations, and the requirements of law, she has
been ready at all times to enforce the laws and
uphold the Constitution. I ask, when have we
failed to meet promptly all our duties and respons-
ibilities as citizens of this Government As was
remarked by my colleague, the other day, we have
always paid our tuxes cheerfully. We have al-
ways furnished our full quota of men to carry
on war against a common enemy; and there has
never been a time when the South was not a de-
fender of the Constitution, and of laws made in
pursuance thereof. You sec no violence m the
South; you see no bodies of men organizing them-
selves into parties to resist the laws. Whenever
you wish to regale yourself with a sight of this
Ascription you have only to travel North, and
there you will find, among those who charge us
with a violation of good faith, organized bands of
men ready to override all law and order.
I will not detain the House by running over the
long list of wrongs which the Noith has inflicted
upon us. I might refer to the 21st rule, which
was adopted as a compromise between the two
sections of tho Union, by which abolition peti-
tions were to be received and laid upon the table,
but not read or considered. But you made un-
ceasing war upon it until the rule was repealed,
aftd the door thrown open for the reception of
abolition petitions and incendiary documents from
every quarter. I might refer to the refusal by
your predecessors to admit the slave States—
Texas, Florida, and Louisiana—into this Union,
although they were far south of the line of 3C°
30% simply because they had slave constitutions.
1 might speak of your legislative enactments by
which you undertake to disqualify your citizens
from holding office if they but aid a United States
marshal, as a part of the posse conj^atus, m the
