1490
tim CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
ereigfl ppwer. That resides, in the people of the
States, as separate political communities. We
legislate to protect what is property.
Jf then we cannot destroy the title to property
in hands, either directly or indirectly, by what
authority can we repeal laws for the recovery of
slave® in" this District? By what authority can
■vee repeal all.pratrol laws, or laws for the devise,
descent and distribution of slaves as property ? I
deny that we-at the South draw any distinction
between* slaves and other property. We ask
simply that that property shall be put upon the
same footing as every other species of property.
We ask that, and we ask nothing more.
- - Then, sir, the point I rose to discuss was, that
the Senator from New Jersey was mistaken in
supposing that Mr. Jefferson could be quoted as
authority for any such legislation as ho now de-
sires. He must not bring up the opinion of a man
that slavery is either socially, morally, or polit-
ically, an evil; he must bring up the opinion of a
man that this Federal Government has a right to
legislate slavery into the District, or out of it, to
legislate slavery into a Territory, or out of it, and
to legislate slavery into a State, or out of it, or
that this Government can do indirectly what it
" cannot do directly; and until he shows that au-
thority, he cannot quote the fathers as authority
for the course he is pursuing.
Now, sir, the Senator from Mississippi who has
just addressed the Senate, [Mr. Brown,] com-
plains somewhat of inconsistency on the part of
some of us in not sustaining the resolutions which
h« introduced sometime ago; and upon that point
a few woirds, and I shall have finished. I said in
the opening of my remarks that I regretted that
these matters had teen brought up for discussion.
If there was a necessity for action, it would have
been better to have introduced a bill, and to have
discussed it upon its merits as a practical ques-
tion; but the resolutions have been brought up;
we have to vote upon them. 1 regret that the Sen-
ator is not present. X would ask him if the want
of protection for slavery upon constitutional prin-
ciples in Kansas is the only evil we are now suf-
fering under upon that delicate question, in his
opinion. Why does the Senator from Mississippi
. insist that we shall vote upon that question as to
Kansas, and yet fail to introducea resolution upon
a question as delicate, involving as deeply the
constitutional question, as deeply the interests of
the Sbuth, directly at home here in this District
of Columbia ? A law of Congress passed in 1850
forbids any man to offer his slave for sale in the
District of Columbia. It does not provide that he
shaH be hanged, or that he shall bo put in the pen-
. itentiary, or that he shall bo putin the pillory, or
that he shall be fined or imprisoned; out it pro-
vides that the title which he holds to his slave
shall be abolished, and the negro free. Is there
any power in this Federal Government to free a
negro in the District of Columbia, if he is offered
for sale? If so, is there not the same power to
abolish title to land, if.the owner shall offer it for
/ sale? Draw a distinction,if you please. Why
then bring in this eternal Kansas question, and
leave the matter nearer homo untouched- ? 1 judge
that the Senator does not introduce a bill on the
former question for the simple reason that he
knows it cannot now pass; that it would be use-
less and senseless agitation.
I say, for the same reason I am unwilling my-
self to introduce a bill, or to vote for a bill, estab-
lishing slavery in Kansas; or passing what is
called—and it is a misnomer—a slave code in Kan-
sas. My objection to that at this time is greater
than to the former; and for this reason:"in the
first place, it cannot pass, as a bill repealing the
act Oa 1850 could not pass; in the next place, if it
did pass, it could not be enforced. Of the Abo-
litionists who have been poured into Kansas by
New England emigrant aid societies, you could
not get a jury that would not perjure themselves
rather than enforce a criminal code in that Terri-
tory at this time. Then, why do it? If I went
for any legislation upon that subject at all, it
•would be to take from them their charter of incor-
poration, and to annex them to some people who
would enforce the laws there, and who would
carry out the provisions which were made for the
purposeof protecting property. Kansas had ceased
to bleed, and freedom had ceased to shriek. I am
unwilling just now, on the eve of a greatcontest—
I say it without fear, favor, or affection, or hope
ofrcward; I fear not who hears it or who kpows it-
Iam not willing now to aid a party in the coming,
contest, the success of which I believe involves
the destruction of this Union. I am willing, there-
fore, to go into the next presidential canvass, and
fight the thing as I find it; defeat them. Hunger,
they say, will starve and tame the wolf, and hun-
ger may tame the Black Republicans into some
little common sense, if not patriotism, before four
more years roll around. They are fighting for
spoils; beat them, and they will disband. I am
therefore willing to fight the Devil with fire; and
when I eat with his sntanic majesty, to have a
long-handled spoon. [Laughter.] I am willing'
to meet them on the platform that wc no;v have;
to fight them on the present issues; to give them
no advantages; to defeat them; to put in power
the only party that is, in my belief, capable of
administering this Government; the only party
that can save the Union; the only party that can
render the Union worth saving.
For these reasons, I have been opposed to these
new and impracticable questions; or, if not new,
questions that are started now at a most unfortu-
nate time. For these reasons I differ with my
friend from Mississippi as to his resolutions, and
shall vote for those which were introduced by the
other Senator, if they shall come up and a vote
be demanded on them; though, in my judgment,
it would have been better to let the whole matter
pass, leave the Charleston convention to nomin-
ate its own candidates upon its own platfprm, or
select a sound, good man without platform, defeat
and starve out the enemy, and between this and
four years hence we would have time to rectify
things. It is not, therefore, that I have no sym-
pathies with the Senator's doctrine; it is not that
I have no sympathies with this idea of congres-
sional legislation; it is not that I am afraid to
meet any practical issues at the proper time; but
I think we ought to deal with things practically,
to deal with them as we find them; and if the
Senator from Mississippi can allow this act of
1850 to remain on the statute-book, I think he can
let Kansas alone, at least for a few months.
These are my \icu\s. I would not have ob-
truded them on the Senate, but as I was obliged
to vote at some time or other on these resolutions,
and as we would do no other business to-day, I
thought I might just as well cbnsume time now.
I trust that the Senator from New Jersey, who
seems to be a fair man, will reconsider his posi-
tion. The fathers may have thought that slavery
was an evil. They never admitted that this Gov-
ernment could* destroy property. I commend to
his perusal the views of Mr. Madison as to the
unconstitutionality of the ordinance of 1787, and
Mr. Jefferson's as to the Missouri compromise.
They opposed those measures; and, were they
alive, could not act with the Republicans without
ignoring all their strict construction notions.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As I called up these res-
olutions for a simple purpose, I move that they
lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
IIOCSE BtLLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 89) to liquidate the unadjusted con-
tracts of the Tennessee, river improvement—to
the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 177) to extend the time within
which the Governor of the State of Oregon shall
select lands, as providedin theactfortheadmission
of Oregon—to the -Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 213) to incorporate the United
States Agricultural Society—to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
A bill (No. 220) for the relief of Anson Dart—
to the Committee on Claims.
' A bill" (No. 225) for the relief of Eben S. Hans-
comb—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 234) for the relief of Thomas At-
kinson, of Parke county, Indiana—to the Coip-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 238) for the relief of Robert John-
ston—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 523) extending the charter incor-
porating the "German Benevolent Society," of
Washington, in the District of Columbia, ap-
proved July 27, 1842—to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The bill (H. R. JSTo. 220) for the relief of An-
son Dart was read twice by its title.
Mr. LANE. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That claim has been
twice before the Committee on Indian Affairs, has
been reported by that committee tb the House,
apd has passed the Senate. It is in reference to
matters growing out of his appointment as super-
intendent of Indian affairs in Oregon, as I under-
stand it. I suppose the Committee on Indian
Affairs would be the appropriate committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clay in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Oregon insist
on his motion ?
Mr. LANE. I have not heard the bill read. I
should like to hear the bill read., It is very short,
1 think.
The Secretary read the bill.  
Mr. LANE. I do not want to throw any ob-
stacles in the way of the bill; but it will be ob-
served that it has for its purpose an increase of
pay after the service was performed and paid for;
and 1 am not sure that it had not better go to the
Committee on Claims, for it is in the shape of a
claim, as I understand. It is a claim for addi-
tional pay as superintendent of Indian Affairs. I
have no disposition to throw any obstacles in the
way of the bill. I only want it to have a fair
hearing before a committee; and I have moved its
reference to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A single word, not to take
up the time of the Senate. I understand this mat-
ter has been three times at least before the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs; was reported once before
I was a member of the Senate, when the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] was upon that com-
mittee, and has been reported twice by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs since I have been in this
body. It is true, as the Senator from Oregon says,
that it is for an increase of salary; but the facts
before the committee, m a single word, were these:
that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, at the
time of Mr. Dart's appointment, when he went
out to Oregon, understood that the salary was not
sufficient, and that he would recommend to Con-
gress that an increased amount should be given.
That fact appears. I will not go into a statement
of all the facts now; but it is not an application
for an increase of pay for services that had been
rendered, without any facts connected with it
showing an equity in favor of that pay being in-
creased. I, of course, do not insist upon its going
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, because 1 am
a member of that committee. I am willing the
claim should be investigated by any other com-
mittee ;but it having been investigated by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs for three sessions at least,
it seems to me that would bo the proper committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection to the reference proposed by the Senator
from Oregon, the Chair will take it as the sense
of the Senate that it be referred to the Committee
on Claims. If it be objected to, the Chair will
test the sense of the Senate on the motion.
Mr. DURKEE. I object to that reference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the Chair will put the motion to the Senate
to refer this bill to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ELIZABETH M. COCKE.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amendment
ofthc House of Representatives to the bill (S.-No.
81) for' the relief of Elizabeth M. Cocke, widow
of Major James H. Cocke, late marshal of the
district t>f Texas; which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill, and insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasuiy be, and hereby is, au-
thorized to stay the issuance of execution on said judgment
for such time as in his opinion wili enable said administra-
trix to prosecute to final judgment a suit against Henry I!.
Martin, deputy maishal of said James II. Cocke, who re-
ceived and embezzled the money for which said judgment
in favor of the United States va. said Elizabeth M. Cooke,
administratrix, as aforesaid, was lendered : Provided, how-
ever, That beioie such stay of execution shall be granted,
the secuuties of said James II. Cocke shall enter their con-
sent thereto on the records of the court in which said judg-
ment was lendered.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
