1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2435
Mr. PUGH. I did not get all the documents
printed under my motion which I intended. I did
not wish merely Mr. Clifford's opinion printed; I
desired the documents which accompanied it to be
printed; but it seems that they were not attached
to his opinion as 1 supposed they were, but were
found in what was called the memorial of the
heir's of Wade Hampton in a former volume. In
that document—Senate document No. 144 of the
second session of the Twenty-Fifth Congress—
appended to the memorial of the heirs of Wade
Hampton, are the original papers, many of them
in Spanish and French, as well as the translations.
Hero is the pctitition for this additional conces-
sion, which I read at the instance of my friend
from Kentucky:
"On the 9th of September, 1776. Maurice Conway peti-
tioned Governor Unxaga foi an additional gi ant in tile rear.
Omitting the formal parts, that petition sets forth u.-> fol-
lows :
"'That your petitioner, intending to go and establish
himself in the upper pait of the eountiy, on the land which
lui lias pmciiasitiU jointly with Alexander Lath, and with
your p>:i mission, from the Ilouirmd Indians, winch land is
extremely deficient ol ience^, and is cleared out upwards
ot a leaguu in depth, that the cypie^s swamp being at a
distance of about one ieaaue and a half from the river, youi
petitioner has no right thereto, in consequence of your not
having granteu to him but the common depth of lorty ar-
pents, winch iw so short that he cannot reach the cypres
trees necessary for making fence.-*, and other work abso-
lutely neces ary on a plantation. Therefore, your peti-
tioner prays you wiJl grant him all the depth which may
be vacant immediately after the said depth of lorty ar-
pents.' JJ
That is the petition. The grant orders the sur-
veyor to go on the ground and examine it, and
grant the petition. The first question is, did Gov-
ernor Galvez understand by that, that ho was
granting to the eastern boundary of Louisiana,
for tins grant, now claimed, is by a prolongation
of the side lines to strike Lake Maurepas on the
south, and the Bayou Manchac on the north? In
fact, as it was ftrst surveyed, that north line never
did strike the Bayou Manchac. It really crossed
the river Mississippi at a short interval, and ac-
cording to the principles now claimed would have
taken about one half of the upper part of Louis-
iana, portions of Arkansas, of Missouri, of Iowa,
and of Minnesota, up to the forty-ninth parallel of
latitude, but it was afterwards deflected to avoid
that very serious consequence.
1 ask the question, whether Governor Galvez
ever understood that, upon a mere grant, " so be
it," to this petitioner, he was annexing to less
than a league square, a large portion of th<? prov-
ince of Louisiana ? Why, sir, one striking fact
in the history of Louisiana answers the whole
argument. After the date of that grant, the King
of Spain imported a colony of settlers, I think
from the Madeira Islands, a special colony. Per-
haps I am wrong in saying he imported a special
colony, but certainly he conferred extraordinary
advantages on them. I think he furnished them
money to support themselves in Louisiana for
some period after their settlement. It was a fa-
vorite project with the King of Spain, and with
the Council of the Indies; and they called on this
same Governor Galvez to locate these colonists.
Pie did locate them; and where did he locate them?
On the Amite river, within the boundaries of this
very grant, as now claimed; and upon'that map
is a town named afterhim, the town of Galveston.
After the date of this second concession, which is
claimed to have this extent, this very Governor
located that colony on what he understood to be
public domain.
One word as to the manner in which the Iloumas
grant was surveyed. The difficulties grow out of
the fact that there was no real survey made. It
was not usual. The customary depth being es-
tablished, the ancient way of surveying was to
fix a front of so many depths, and what was
called establish the direction of the side lines.
Each side line ran forty arpents, and the surveyor,
in point of fact, never did close the survey, or
run the back lines. The surveyor who went
under this petition, at the time of the second con-
cession, went upon the ground, and he com-
menced at the rear pf the first concession, at the
depth of forty arpents, on both lines, and pro-
tracted those lines two arpents, and there stopped;
. he never closed the survey. The question now
is upon the title; first, did the surveyor intend to
close the survey at the distance of two arpents in
the rear of the original concession? If so, the
parties have title to tlie depth of forty-two arpents.
That is all the survey ever made. These gentle-
men claim, however, that the surveyor only in-
tended to establish the direction of the side lines,
and not to stop at that point. Very well; how
far Was the direction to go? In the history of
Louisiana, it appears that in many cases there
were made what were called double concessions,
that is, forty arpents in the rear of forty arpents
—eighty arpents in all. Did the surveyor, then,
merely intend to make another concession behind
the first one, of the customary forty arpents? if
so, the title is good to the. depths of eighty ar-
pents from the river. Or did he intend to go to
the depth indicated in Conway's petition, namely:
one league and a half from the river? Conway
said he wished to reach the cypress swamp; that
he wished to get timber from the swamp, and
that the swamp was a league and a half from the
river. Was that the intention of the surveyor?
I do not know whether this principle applies in
Louisiana; but it applies in the western country,
and I think it applies pretty much everywhere;
I know that in the old Virginia military district
of Kentucky and Ohio, it is said that a monument
controls the course and, distance. Now, if there
was a cypress swamp, where was it? That point
depends on oral testimony. When it is ascer-
tained where the swamp was, if wc follow the
same law in Louisiana that we do in the western
States, that would be the monument that closed
the Houmas grant. I do not know where that
swamp was. We arc not able to ascertain.
These, then, are the questions that arise.
Now, Senators, are wc a proper tribunal to
settle questions of this sort? it is not merely a
question of law. It is a question that depends
upon the custom and the ordinances, not only of
the people in the old Spanish and French province
of Louisiana, but the custom of surveyors. What
tribunal could be found where these matters could
be better heard, where all the witnesses could
be brought, all the counsel heard, and a wise de-
termination made, than the Supreme Court of the
United States? Since these transactions arose,
that tribunal has adjudicated scores of titles in the
province of Louisiana, m the province of Florida,
in the lower parts of Alabama and Mississippi,
in Te£as, in California, in Arkansas, in Mis-
souri. There is not a tribunal on the face of the
earth, this day, better acquainted with these laws
and customs than the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States; and the committee recommend that
these parties be referred to that tribunal for the
ascertainment of their rights. Why should it not
be so? Why should not a matter of fact, remote
in point of time, involving so many diflicultques-
tions, and full of such momentous consequences
to the parties on both sides, be referred to that
tribunal ?
I will be just to the Senator from Louisiana.
There are many scattered, isolated facts to be
found in these papers, which would seem to give
color to the idea that the Houmas grant was un-
derstood, previous to the treaty with France, to
cover this countiy. I say they are facts scat-
tered, isolated; and with due submission to the
Senator, there arc none of them to my mind, nor
all of them together, of any determined signifi-
cance. On the other hand, the very monstrous-
ness of the proposition, the fact of this settlement
at Galveston, with many other facts, are to be
considered on the other side; and the select com-
mittee, after carefully and laboriously examining
this case, giving it the best judgment we could,
both as lawyers and as Senators anxious to as-
certain the truth, having heard the parties by
their printed papers and by oral argument, have
come to the conclusion that the Congress of the
United States is not the place to settle a question
of this kind; that it is eminently proper for adju-
dication in the Supreme Court.
Mr. WIGFALL. I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio upon what authority he made the state-
ment that the north line would have struck the
Mississippi river, and included the vast domain
which he stated?
Mr. PUGH. I cannot tell, out of the thou-
sands of pages of documents and arguments and
assertions which I read, whilst this matter was
before the committee for a period of three months,
where exactly 1 saw it; but it was stated. If that
is deemed of any consequence, however, I am
willing to abandon it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Very well.
Mr. PUGH. I do not care anything about that,
It is sufficient for me to take the lines as they are
laid down in that map from the surveyor general's
office of Louisiana, where that north line strikes
the Bayou Manchac, which was then the eastern
boundary of Louisiana; and it follows then the
Bayou Manchac until it discharges into-thc Amite
river, and follo.ws the Amite river until it dis-
charges into Lake Maurenas. The Senator may
take that, if he pleases, ana I will throw the other
out, because it is not material to my argument.
It was suggested—and that is the only point,
after we had fully examined this case on the
facts, and come to the conclusion stated in the
report of the committee, that ever presented anv
doubt to my mind—have we the power to repeal
the act of 3858? The Senator from Louisiana as-
serted that these Houmas claimants had been in
possession of this land for fifty-odd years. There
was not a tittle of evidence before the committee
that they were ever in possession of one foot of it
for a further distance than, 1 think, eighty arpents,
or perhaps a league and a half, from the river.
Mr. TOOMBS. With the exceptionof the set-
tlements on the river, they were not in posses-
sion.
Mr. PUGH. Yes; and 1 will show why That
exception was made. In the year 1821 "or 1822,
I think, the Commissioner of the General Land
Office decided against this Houmas grant, and
ordered all the land further back from the river
than the depth of a league and a half to be sur-
veyed; and it was surveyed, except the swamp
down toward Lake Maurepas, which could not
be.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Ohio is
mistaken in his dates, altogether,
Mr. TOOM BS. It was in IH29.
Mr. PUGH. I was doubtful about it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the year 18S9, it was,
that a deputy surveyor, for the first time in the
enure history of the grant, suggested that it was
not good to the whole extent,
Mr. PUGH. I think trie Senator was in error
in this. The Commissioner (Mr. Granger, 1 be-
lieve it was) decided against it, and said it was
public land; and, under the idea that it was open
to preemption, the squatters, as the Senator calls
them, entered. They did not enter as trespassers.
They may be trespassers in point of fact; but
they did not enter with such an idea. They
thought they had a right to enter under the prin-
ciples of the preemption law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator knows per-
fectly well that there was no preemption law au-
thorizing them to enter there then. They jijst .
came on .to the men's land, that was claimed on
the public maps as private land, vi ct armis.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is mistaken. As I
stated once before, the prospective preemption
law which we now have was passed in 1841; but
there had been periodically passed,from an early
period of the Government, acts legitimating re-
trospectively this very class of entries; anu we
pass them every session. There are many cases
which have come before the Committee on Pub-
he Lands since I have been a member of it, for
the last five years, where persons, by mistake,
have gone upon military reservations, and upon
Indian reservations, and other places not subject
to the provisions or principles of the preemption
law, and made their settlements; and I do not
know a single case in which the Government of
the United States has ewr treated them as tres-
passers, but in every case we have allowed them
to pay for their land and perfect their title.
Now, if this land upon which these people have
settled belongs to the Houmas grant, I am sorry
for them; but I cannot help it. They must go
oft'and lose their improvements, probably, for the
long period they have been settled there. But if
it btiongs to the Government of the United States,
I never will constitute the owners of the Houmas
claim the almoners of the public bounty. 1 never
will trust to their tender mercy a discretion that
Congress has always exercised, in the case of
other settlers on the public lands under a mistake.
I will not hand them over, from a tribunal whose
policy in tins regard has been established for fifty
years, to private claimants. I do not think it
would be just. The act of 1358 is intended to
give the Iioumas claimants the title of the United
States; to make them, as my friend from Georgia
said, lords paramount over all this country, that
