1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
" Mr. Brown. I am not going to make a speech, but I
want the Senator to understand what is eur position, and
why we apply it to the negro and not to the white man. We
saw that hi-* condition in slavery, instead of debasing him,
had elevated him, and that the three or four million negroes
in bondage in the southern States of this Union, as to moral,
social, and religious blessings, not only compare favorably,
but stand immeasurably above millions of the same race in
freedom anywhere; and 4 put that proposition to the Sen-
ator now, that the four million southern slaves have, as
moral, social, and religious beings, and occupy, a higher
position than four million of the same race anywhere on the
top of the globe."
That was what I said, sir; and I hope that tel-
egraphic agents and dispatches, whenever they
speak of me at all hereafter, will at least get to
somewhere in the neighborhood of telling the
truth.
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order,
which is the election of a Printer, in accordance
with the following resolution, adopted on the 12th
instant:
Resolved, That the Senate will, on Tuesday next, 17th
instant, at half past one o'clock, p. m., proceed to the elec-
tion of a Printer to the Senate, for and during the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, upon the condition that lie accept the ap-
pointment subject to such reduction or change in the prices
now established by law for the execution of the public
printing, legislative or executive, as may lipreafter, during
the present Congress, be made by law, and legulate ins
charges accordingly.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, before the Sen-
ate proceeds to ballot for a Public Printer, 1 feel
it due to myself to define my own position in re-
gard to it. I suppose I need not announce, in any
public manner, that the Democratic party, in cau-
cus, nominated the editor of a newspaper in this
city, known as The Constitution—Mr. George
W. Bowman. As I do not intend to vote for that
nominee, it is due to myself, to candor, to fair-
ness, and to the people whose views I am supposed
to represent on this floor, that I shall assign very
briefly the reasons why I shall not vote for him.
Under other circumstances, I, of course, should
simply cast my vote, and say nothing about it;
but Mr. Bowman being the nominee of my party,
and I feeling impelled by a high sense of duty to
disagree with my party, it is only proper that I
should state the reasons of that disagreement. I
have five distinct reasons for voting against this
nominee.any one of which would control my vote.
1 will state them in the order of their magnitude,
taking that of the least importance first.
During the last fall, just before I left my State
for Washington, the Legislature being in session
was kind enough to invite mo to address them
upon the political topics of the day. My speech
was published; whether kindly or unkindly re-
ceived at home, it is not for me to say; but the
editor of this paper, in a most discourteous man-
ner, criticised that speech—I may say m a most
insulting manner, and yet he did not publish the
speech. He did not permit his readers to know
what it was lie was denouncing. I afterwards
asltcd him to publish it as an advertisement.
That he refused to do, taking the ground that if
I would ask it as a matter of favor and ask it in
writing, he would then either publish it or as-
sign the reasons why he would not publish it.
This furnishes to me a very sufficient personal
reason for not voting for him, but it is personal
to me, and to me alone. I neither expect nor
desire that it shall control the vote of any other
Senator.
Then, sir, during the last summer, I think about
the 8th of September, the Washington Constitu-
tion published a eulogy upon a letter written by
Mr. William C. Smedes, of my State, a most
worthy and excellent and highly talented gentle-
man, the leader of the Opposition. That letter
was addressed to a political meeting in the town
of Memphis, called for the purpose of celebrating
the election of Mr. Etheridge, of Tennessee, to
Congress. Thus it appeared that the paper which
purports to be the organ of the Democratic party
denied admission into its columns of a speech
made by a Democrat of thirty years standing—a
Democratic Senator who had served here for six
years and believes himself to be in good standing
in his party in his own State; not only excluded
his speech, but bitterly denounced him, and then
took up and published a letter, or extracts from a
letter, written by the leader of the Opposition to
a meeting which was certainly most offensive to
us in my part of the country, becatise of the pur-
pose for which it was called. By this movement
Mr. Bowman lost all claims to my vote as a party
man. If he is the editor of the party organ, he
certainly ought to be a little chary of his denun-
ciations of those who have served the Democratic
party as long as I have served it. For thirty
years consecutively I have served that party, and
almost all that time in high political position;
and now I find myself denounced, my speech ex-
cluded from the national organ, and the letters of
the Opposition in my own State commended as
containing sound doctrine, and the precise doc-
trine of the Administration. That furnishes me
a second reason. First, I will not vote for him be-
cause he is personally offensive to me; secondly,
I will not vote for him because he has voluntarily
taken sides with the Opposition in my State and
against the Democracy of the State.
My third ground is this: I do not say that I am
precisely right in my opinion, because Senators
will see how difficult 11 is for me to got at the facts;
but I have heard, and believe it to be true, that
the associate editor of that paper is a man of for-
eign birth, who never has been naturalized; that
he has not been in our country one third as long
as I have been battling in defense of Democratic
principles; and yet he is put up to teach me what
is Democracy, and what is my duty to the prin-
ciples and the old Democratic faith of the fathers.
I know nothing of this person. I may have seen
him. I think upon one occasion, at a social din-
ner, I did meet mm. I am not quite certain of
that, but I believe it to be so. But if it be true,
as I have reason to think, and as I do think, that
he is a man of foreign birth who has never been
naturalized, I ask Democratic Senators if he is a
proper man to edit the national Democratic organ;
to write essays denunciatory of men who have
served the party twenty years before he ever put
his footupon American soil. Sir, it is pretty hard
to bear the lash any way, but to have it laid on
by such a man is a little more than my southern
blood will bear. I understand—I only state it as
what I have understood, and as I have reason to
believe is true, it convinces my judgment—that
this gentleman has not been naturalized, and has
not been for this, among other reasons: that he is
the heir to an estate and title; that he is in pros-
pective the Marquis of Shgo, Sir, I would rather
learn my Democracy from a native-born Amer-
ican; I am an American to that extent; but if I
must take it from a foreigner at all, he must be a
man who has sworn allegiance to my country,
and not one who might take up arms against it
to-morrow withoui committing treason.
My fourth reason is, that Mr. Bowman, in ad-
vance of getting the public printing, has proposed
to bargain it away; in other words, to do whatwe
all know has been done here most disreputably,
I thmk, for several years—to obtain the public
printing, and then sell it out for a sum in gross,
and abandon it to its fate. I do not know pre-
cisely the terms in which this proposition was
made; but I haveoral testimony in my possession
that convinces my own judgment that Mr. Bow-
man did propose, during the last spring or sum-
mer, in anticipation of being ejected Public Prin-
ter, to sell it out. I know he has denied it; but the
denial does not come in a form or a shape which
convinces my judgment that it is not true. I be-
lieve it is true. 1 believe that the investigation
will show it to be true. In making that proposi-
tion he proposed to violate this provision of an act
of Congress:
" That the office of Printer, cither to the Senate or the
House of Itcpiesentatives, shall not be transferable either
dnectlyor indirectly; and any attempt to sell or transfer
either of said offices, or any sale or tiansfer of the same,
shall operate as a vacation and abandonment of said office:? i
or either of them."
1 do not understand that this means he shall
own the materials upon which the work is done.
He may rent them or hire them; but he must be
Public Printer; and he cannot transfer the con-
tract to anybody else, who will agree to do it and
pay him a certain portion of the profits, or pay him
a sum in gross. He must be the Public Printer
himself, superintending the work and taking the
responsibility, and he must do it in an office of
his own, or one he has hired or rented for this
purpose. Ho cannot avoid his responsibility by
saying: I did not sell the contract; I did not trans-
fer it to anybody else. That law, of course, re-
lates to the office after it shall bo conferred; and |
I suppose a technical plea might be put in that i
Bowman proposed to transfer it before he got it,
the contingency upon his getting it. That hav-
ing come to my knowledge, I make it a ground
upon which I place my vote against his ever hav-
ing it. We all know that he has* not the materials
to do the public work; no one will pretend that he
has; but to do justice, I will not pretend to say
he may not rent an office and rent the material
upon which the work shall be done; and that is
the way in which he proposed to proceed. What
I charge is, that he proposed to let the work be
done by a different man, and that he was to have,
in gross, so much of the profits. I say that was
a transfer of the office, or an attempt to transfer
it, in advance of his getting it, and in violation of
that law. I have an objection to being sold, and
I have a very special objection to being sold out ■
in advance by George W. Bowman.
My fifth and last ground is of a yet graver
character than any or all of these combined. Mr.
Bowman was Superintendent of Public Printing,
and T charge the fact to be that, while he was
Superintendent of Public Printing, he, in a man-
ner which I shall point out hereafter, became in-
terested in the public printing in violation of this
statute. It is section six of an act approved Au-
gust 26, 1852, entitled "An act to provide for
executing the public printing and establishing the
prices thereof, dnd for other purposes:"
" Sec. 6. Jivd be it further enacted, That the Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing shall not be directly or indi-
rectly interested in the business of the public printing, or
in any mateiial to be used by the Public Printer, or in any
contract for furnishingpaper to Congress, or to any Depart-
ment or bureau of the Government of the United States.
For any violation of this provision the Superintendent of
the Public Printing shall forfeit his office, and may be in-
dicted before the district court for the District of Columbia,
and if found guilty, shall be imprisoned in the penitentiary
of the District of Columbia for any term not less than one
nor more than five years; and, in addition thereto, may be
fined in any sum fioin $'1,000 to $10,000."
Notice the phraseology: "That the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing," under these penal-
ties, '' slia.ll not be directly or indirectly interested
in the business of the public printing, or in any
material," &c. Now, sir, I charge that so carlyas
April of last year, Mr. George W. Bowman, being
at the time Superintendent of Public Printing, en-
tered into a contract with Cornelius Wendell, of
this city, by which he did become interested in
the public printing. I charge further, that he con-
tinued in the office of Superintendent up to the 12th
day of May following, and continued to receive
his pay as such officer until that day, and that
during that time he received $3,000 upon a con-
tract amounting to §30,000, which had direct ref-
erence to the public printing. Now, I will show
what that contract was. I read an extract from
a communication signed jointly by Cornelius
Wendell and George W. Bowman, on the 26th
day of March, 1859, and addressed to A. O. P.
Nicholson and J. S. Black. Mr. Nicholson, we
know, is a member of this body, and J. S. Black
is the Attorney General of the United States:
Washington, Marches, 1859.
Gentlemen: •  * * * It is, as you know,
understood between us, that thepurchaserof the"Umon"
[that is the Union newspaper) shall not be a competitor
with the .seller for any portion of the executive work now
done by Mr. Wendell at his large otfice, but that Mr. Bow-
man shall i eceive at the rate of~$90,000 per annum, so long
as Wendell continues to do the woi k as he does it now, but
no longer. If the work aforesaid be withdrawn from Wen-
dell, ills obligation to pay this §20,000 shall cease. If any
considerable portion is withdrawn, it wdi be for you to de-
cide whether Wendell's payment shall cease, or in what
proportion it shall continue.
Respectfully, C. WENDEM,,
GEO. W. BOWMAN.
To Messrs. A. O. P. Nicholson and J. S. Black.
Now, will it be contended after that, that so
early as this contract was entered into, Mr. Bow-
man had no interest, direct or indirect, in the pub-
lic printing ? Here, on the 26th day of March,
is a contract entered into, reduced to writing, by
which Mr. Bowman is to have $20,000; to be de-
rived from what quarter ? From the public print-
ing, as the contract states upon its face. Is that
no interest, direct or indirect ? It was an interest
both direct and indirect, covering the whole law.
It is useless, Mr. President, to discuss a prop-
osition so clear as that. Gentlemen may say there
was no corruption in it. I have not charged that
there was. I am willing to admit that there was
a vast amount of stupidity in it, if that will sat-
isfy gentlemen; but it was either gross stupidity
or gross corruption, for it was done in palpable
violation of the law. Mr. Bowman was Super-
