1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40
36xii CoiTO—1st Sess. Resistance to Black Republican Domination-—Mr. Singleton,
Ho. of Reps.
reclamation of fugitive slaves. I might refer to
the acts of your State Legislatures granting writs
of mandamus and habeas corpus, by which slaves
were taken from the possession of their masters
with a view to their escape. I might refer to
the incursion of Brown into the State of Vir-
ginia, and show that the act was the legitimate
fruit of the agitation which you have fomented
and are upholding at the North. You might as
well expcct to see good seed, cast into rich soil,
watered by the genial showers of heaven, and
warmed by the rays of the sun, refuse to germ-
inate and spring into life, as to keep up this tirade
at the North and notcxpect desperate and deluded
men to take advantage of it to carryforward their
villainous plots.
1 might talk about the infamous Helper book,
which has been circulated through the South for
the most nefarious purposes. In reference to it,
] will only say that any mail who indorsed and
recommended it to the public is not fit to be the
presiding officer of this House. If he did it know-
ing its contents, he is guilty of treason, and de-
serves a traitor's doom; jf he did it not knowing
its contents, he has displayed a degree of reckless-
ness that, m my judgment, totally disqualifies him
foi so responsible a position. While upon this
point, let me say, you seem determined to place
as presiding officer over this body a man who
signed that circular of recommendation. If you
do so, you do it at your peril. You sever an-
other cord that binds the North and South to-
gether. That book has been read and understood
by the South, and the whole country is in a blaze
upon the subject. The moment you select a
Speaker who has given countenance to this infa-
mous publication, it will be considered by the
South as an act of present insult added to past in-
juries. Why insist upon putting Mr. Sherman
m the chair? 1 have no objection to that gentle-
man upon personal grounds, for his conduct upon
this floor, so far as J have been acquainted with
it, has been dignified and gentlemanly. You have
other men, whose signatures are not to that book,
who would be less obnoxious to the South. But
ypu must judge for yourselves, and take the con-
sequences, for you will be held responsible for it
by the South at no distant day.
I propose to pass over what is tdhned the Abo-
lition party of the oountry. Gentlemen say there
are but few of them; that they are fanatics in their
purposes and views. This 1 do not believe to be
the case. If I understand their purposes, they
are determined to interfere with slavery wherc-
ever found, whether by constitutional means or
otherwise. They are determined to destroy the
institution m the States, although it may involve
the destruction of the Constitution and the Union.
But I pass that party by for the present.
Those of you who call yourselves Republicans
express your determination not to interfere directly
with slavery in the States, but to exclude it from all
Territories now belonging to the United States,
and from all territory which we may hereafter
acquire. Am I right m ascribing to you that po-
sition ? If not, I want some gentleman upon this
floor, who represents your sentiments, to correct
me. I do not desire to go before thecountryupon
a false issue. The times are perilous, and we have
arrived at a point when it is necessary that we
should understand each other. I repeat the ques-
tion, and pause for a reply: is it not your pui-
pose. to exclude slavery fiom all temtoiy now
belonging to the United States, or which may here-
after be acquired? And is tins not to be done by
direct congressional legislation ?
Mr. CUIITIS. We are opposed to the exten-
sion of slavery, and by every constitutional means
0 which we can honorably interpose, we will, as
Republicans, oppose the extension; but we do
not propose to stifle the South by circumventing
it by any system of policy. You have ample
scope at present; with about half the population,
the census of 1850 shows that you have two hun-
dred and sixty-four thousand more square miles
* of land than we have cast of the Rocky Mount-
ains. Whenever any stifling influence occurs,
then it is right and proper for the people cf the
country to take up that question, for it is not my
purpose, directly, or indirectly, to injure the people
of the South. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof."
]>7r\r —No. 4
Mr. SINGLETON. Yes, sir; that is the sort
of answer I invariably get from gentlemen—%( Suf-
ficient unto the day is the evil thereof." You in-
tend thus to lull the suspicions of the South;
make further aggressions upon us, until we arc
bound hand and foot, and then we are to be dealt
with according to your views of propriety. Will
the gentleman answer this question? Does he
not believe that Congress has the power, by di-
rect legislation, to exclude slavery from every
foot of territory now belonging to the Govern-
ment; and will he not, when the question comes
up, vote for such a law?
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman has changed
his question.
Mr. SINGLETON. No, sir.
Mr. CURTIS. The question, as you put it
first, was this: Do 1 not believe that the people
have a right to exclude the people of the South
from the territory.'' 1 say, i do not. 1 *ay we
are ready to give you the same rights that wo ask
for ouiselves.
Mr. SINGLETON. Yes, sir.
Mr. C URT1S. Do you suppose that we of the
North could not take staves into the Territories?
Have we not the same physical power- and the
same ability as you have, to buy and carry slaves
into the Territories13 When we exclude you wc
exclude ourselves from the right of carrying slaves
there. But we do not desire anybody to extend
slavery; and wc say that we can vote to exclude
slavery fiom the Territories, and I believe we
have the constitutional right to do so. It is slaves
that wc exclude, and not freemen.
Mr. SINGLETON. Exactly. That is what
I desired to know. Is that the opinion of your
party ?
Mr. CURTIS, it is, sir, so far as I know; I
speak only for myself.
Mr. yJNGLE'I'ON. And I believe you are
considered one of the most moderate men of that
party. I so regard you. Now, I understand,
and the country understands, the issue as made
up, that never again is a slave State, with slave
property, to come into the Union. In other words,
wo are never to have, inside of this Government,
another foot of slave territory while we remain
in confederation with you.
Mr. CURTIS. That is the idea, sir; if wc can
prevent it.
Mr. SINGLETON. Now, sir, do you imagine
for one moment that the South is so far lost to
every sense of honor as to lemain in a confedera-
tion with you on such terms ? Do you imagine
that slavery is to be shut up and inclosed within
its present area, however necessary it may be to
expand?
Mr. CURTIS. "Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question?
Mr. SINGLETON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CURTIS. When the Constitution was
first made, and the ordinance of 1787 was accepted
by the First Congress,excluding1 slavery from all
the territory we then had; did you not then live
with us in precise!y that condition?
Air. SINGLETON. Of course we lived up to
tin; comparts and compromises of the Constitu-
tion: but that Constitution was not adopted when
the ordinance of Db7 was made between the
States.
Mr. CuRTtS. I want to conclude my ques-
tion. If it was right then, why is it not right
now ?
Mr. SINGLETON. Yon are rong m your
premises. In the first place, the Constitution was
not then formed, and when Congress did pass a
law in favor of carrying out the ordinance of 1787, j
it was to ctirry out an agreement of sovereign j
States, entered into before the Constitution was 1
formed. j
Air. CURTIS. The law of Congress was passed 1
on the Jill of August, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, after the Constitution
had been adopted.
Mr. SINGLETON. Tor what purpose?
Mr. CURTIS. Why, accepting and establish-
ing that ordinance of I7o7; and thereby excluding
slavery from the North wesrern Territory, the only
Territory then belonging to the United States, is
not that so?
Mr. SINGLETON. That is true, sir; as I
have before explained.
Mr. CURTIS. Well, if it was right then to
exclude slavery from the Territories, I ask, in all
candor, whether it is not right now?
Mr. SINGLETON. I call the gentleman's
attention to the fact that there was no Constitution
in existence at the time of the passage of the ordi-
nance of 1787, and the sovereign States had a right
to make any compact they pleased.
Mr. CURTIS. The honorable gentleman does
not comprehend me. I allude to the law passed
by Congress after the Constitution itself was
adopted.
Mr. SINGLETON. The gentleman is well
aware of the fact that the ordinance of 1787 was
a compact between sovereign States, without any
Constitution to govern and control their action;
and they had a right to enter into whatever agree-
ment they thought proper; and the act of Con-
gress of 7th August, 1789, was only confirming
that agreement. But the case now is altogether
diflerent. We live under a Constitution adopted
by our fathers, and are compelled lo conform our
legislation to that Constitution. And I submit
there is nothing in it giving to Congress the right
either to prohibit or establish slavery in any of
the Territories; but, in the language of the Su-
premo Court in the Dred Scott decision:
u The territory being a part of the United States, the Gov-
ernment and the citizen both enter it under the authority
of the Constitution, with their respective rights defined and
marked out; and the Federal Government can exercise no
power over his person or property beyond what that instru
mem conleis, nor lawfully deny any right wilich it has re,
served."' -***-*****,
" And no word can be found in tlie Constitution which
£ive<Con£ie>*R a greater powei oversJavc pioperty,orwhir>h
entitles piopeitv oi that k;ml to Icsh protection than prop
ort\ of any other de^onption. The only power conferred, n-
the power coupled with the duly of guarding and protecting
the oitner hi his t iahts.'1
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from Iowa, in
all his speeches, has taken the ground that the
ordinance of 1787 excluded slavery from all of the
Territories. Does the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, by his silence, mean to be considered as
acquiescing in that construction ?
Mr. SINGLETON. I do not. If you will ex-
amine the ordinance of 1787, you will find that
it, in terms, excluded slavery from the Northwest-
ern Territory, described as the territory ceded by
Virginia to the General Government. It goes no
further.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Clerk, if my friend from
Mississippi will yield to me for a moment, I be-
lieve I can make a suggestion that will be a full
and conclusive answer to the gentleman from
Iowa. That question is not made for the first
time. The gentleman put it fully, frankly, and
fauly; and I submit to you whether the answer
is not of that character.
The gentleman from Iowa-suggests that, under
the ordinance of 1787, slavery was excluded from
all the Territories that then belonged to the Union.
Admit tiiefact; granted. There is a specific clause
in the Constitution of the United States which pro-
vides that all compacts made and entered into
under the old articles of confederation shall be
valid and existing under the Constitution of the
United States, and there is the express power
given by the Constitution to carry out that com-
pact made by the several States which formed the
Confederation before the Constitution. The gen-
tleman from lov/a now stands before the House
and country and declares, with a sober face,
without a grin on his countenance, that a special
and sovereign power given in the Constitution of
the United States, which binds us now, and that
legislation, passed m conformity to that specific
clawse, ought to be construed m favor of the prin-
ciples for which he is here contending. Now, I
suijir.it to the gentleman from Iowa, e\en on his
own premises, whether the conclusion which he '
has drawn i? not utterly unallowable.
Mr. £URT1S. The preamble to the act pro-
viding for the government of the territory north-
west of the Ohio, approved August 7,1789, recites
that—
"Wherea^m cderthat the ordinance of the United States
in Congress assembled (oi me government of the temtoiy
no: rhwest of the uver Ohio mav continue to have full effect*
it n requisite that eeruvn provi-ions should be made so as
to adapt the &ame to the present Constitution of Uio United
States."
That act passed and was signed by Washing-*
ton, and it really passed without a vote. AH con-
