1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1493
pressing this odious practice. It has been said,
however, that we have no power to pass a law for
the punishment of this crime. If this be so, we
must stop at once; the mischief is without remedy;
we cannot budge an inch further. But is it so?
Has the Congress of the United States no jurisdic-
tion over this offense ? Have we no power to pun-
ish this crime? Sir, I should never have thought
of making this a subject of serious inquiry, But
for the announcement of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Taylor] the other day, when he said:
" I believe we have no power to pass a criminal law
which is to operate within the Territory of Utah, or within
any other organized Territory of tile United States."
Mr. Speaker, I am not fond of using the argu-
ment of epithets, and therefore I will not say that
the opinion of the gentleman from Louisiana was
an extraordinary one; but I trust I shall be able
to demonstrate that it was at least a very errone-
ous one.
Sir, if the Congress of the United States pos-
sesses no power to malce laws for the punishment
of crime in Utah, or in any of the Territories of
the United States, where does the power reside?
Certainly not in the State Legislatures. The gen-
tleman from Louisiana himself will not say that
it is competent for the State of Louisiana to take
jurisdiction over this crime, or the State of Vir-
ginia, or New York, or any other State. Where
then, is tke power to be found, if not in Congress?
"What, sir! are all the Territories of the United
States Alsatias, Whitefriars, where crime may
riot in impunity? May murder, and arson, and
robbery, and perjury, and every other crime that
is punished by every civilized nation, be commit-
ted within the territorial jurisdiction of the United
States with absolute license ? Does the gentleman
deny that the Territories are within the territo-
rial jurisdiction of the United States? Then, sir,
I would suggest to him that our American states-
men have been laboring under a grave error from
the time when they first put the machinery of
this Government in operation up to this very
moment. Sir, in the very iirstyear after the adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution an act was passed
by Congress for the punishment of crimes where
ever the jurisdiction of the United extended;
and I quote, for the information of the gentleman
from Louisiana, an extract from the first crimes
act. It provides:
" That if any person or persona shall, within any fort,
arsenal, dock-yard, magazine, or in any other place or dis-
trict of country under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction
of tile United States, commit the crime of willful murder,
such person or persons, on being thereof convicted, shall
suflier death."
What does the gentleman from Louisiana say
to the act of 1790 for the punishment of the crime
of murder?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Allow me to inquire
the date of that act?
Mr. MILLSON. April 30, 1790.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Where is its applica-
tion to the organized Territories?
Mr. MlLLSOiN. I have read the words, "within
any fort, arsenal, dock-yard, magazine, or any
other place or district of country under the sole
and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States."
Mr. McCLERNAND. I undertake to say that
there is no instance of the enactment of a law by
Congress making a penal offense in an organized
Territory of the United States; and I apprehend
that the gentleman will find, upon examination,
that it was not within the design of the legisla-
tors, at the time that act was passed, to give it an
application to an organized Territory. The ap-
plication of that law, and of others similar to it,
was to individuals in the unorganized territory of
the United States, before those individuals pass
from an individual state to a political state. That
is the distinction.
Mr. MILLSON. In reply to the gentleman
from Illinois, I say that not only is he not correct
in the statement that there is no single instance of
the application of these criminal laws to any or-
ganized Territory, but that there has never been
an organized Territory of the United States to
which this very law has not been made expressly
to apply. I now take issue with him broadly on
the first part of his statement.
Mr. McCLERN AND. Let me understand the
gentleman. Is it his proposition that the laws of
the United States relating to offenses generally
apply in the Territories as they do in the States?
Mr. MILLSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Very well; there is no
difference between you and me upon that point;
but the point that I make is this: that Congress
has never assumed jurisdiction to enact a slave
code for the people of a Territory.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not know why the gen-
tleman talks about a slave code. I am not talk-
ing about a slave code.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I meant to say a crim-
inal code.
Mr. MILLSON. I understand the gentleman,
and I meet him with the flattest contradiction pos-
sible to be given, by stating that there never has
been an organized Territory to which these laws
have not applied, and I will make that evident pres-
ently.
Mr. McCLERNAND. What laws ?
Mr. MILLSON. These laws which I have
quoted.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That law falls within
the category which I have described.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. Being upon the same side as the gen-
tleman from Illinois, in opposition to the bill,
therefore I feel at liberty to make the point. I
trust that an opportunity will be presented to the
gentleman from Illinois to answer the argument
of the gentleman from Virginia, and that this sys-
tem of interruption will be broken up. I desire
to hear the gentleman from Virginia at length.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am perfectly
willing to receive a suggestion, or even a contra-
diction, from the gentleman from Illinois, or from
any other gentleman upon this floor; for I take it
for granted that it will be done in such a spirit of
courtesy as will rather give piquancy to the de-
bate; I do not fear that it will subject me to any
embarrassment.
But, sir, I take issue with the gentleman from
Illinois, and say, that the very kind of law which
it is now proposed the Congress of the United
States shall enact, has been passed on all previous
occasions, and made applicable to every organized
Territory j>f the United States; that is to say, a
law defining crime, and punishing cfime, in every
place or district of country within the sole and
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States.
The gentleman says that it was not the intent
of this act that it shouldbe made applicable to the
organized Territories of the United States. Sir,
what force does he give to the expression " in any
other place or district of country used in this act?
I would like my friend from Illinois—and I will
yield to him for that purpose—to tell me what ap-
plication he makes of that language. After enu-
merating all the places mentioned in the Consti-
tution of the United States, to wit: dock-yards,
magazines, arsenals, and forts, why were the other
words used—" and any other place or district of
country?" To what do they apply?
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will answer the question that he asks; and
I trust after he has concluded, 1 shall have an op-
portunity of expressing my views upon this sub-
ject, inasmuch as my remarks already made have
been so severely commented on.
In reply to the question of the gentleman, I will
say, that the expression to which he makes refer-
ence was employed in that act with regard to the
language of the Constitution ofthe United States.
It will be remembered that the Constitution ofthe
United States delegates certain specified powers to
the Congress of the United States. These powers
are all of a national character.
Mr. MILLSON. The language which I refer
to is: " other places or districts."
Mr.TAYLOR. The Constitution ofthoUnited
States, then, confers exclusive jurisdiction upon
Congress, upon a district which may be acquired
by the United States by cession, with the intent
of its becoming the seat of Government for the
G overnment of the United States; and in the same
clause, it confers that exclusive power, or rather
embodies another clause, declaring that it shall
have exclusive jurisdiction in the dock-yards, ar-
senals, forts, and other places which shall be ceded
to the United States with the consent of a State.
The expression in the act, then, to which the gen-
tleman from Virginia refers, particularizes those
portions of country which had then become the
property of the United States by cession from the
States, and the expression " such other places or
districts," was used because at the time that act
was passed no such territory had yet become the
property of the United States by cession. That
was the intention of the expression used in the
act, as 1 contend. It was to provide for a future
cession.
Mr. MILLSON. I asked a specific question;
and in answer, the gentleman from Louisiana has
given an explanation of the objects of the Con-
stitution. We all know what the Constitution
contains. I inquired what the language, " other
place or district of country," was intended to
refer to ? The gentleman's reply was, for the most
part, wholly aside from the question; but he says,
m effect, that the expression was intended to ap-
ply to the District of Columbia. Why, sir, I tell
my friend from Louisiana that the District of Co-
lumbia was not then acquired.
Mr. TAYLOR. I said precisely that. I said
the language was intended to designate the places
which had become the property of the United
States, and then such places as should become
the property of the United States by cession from
the States.
Mr. MILLSON. I think the explanation of
the gentleman does not remove him any further
from the difficulty; because the law applies to
places under the jurisdiction of the United States,
and the District of Columbia was not then under
their jurisdiction; and besides, the gentleman
ought to be aware that it was never proposed to
relieve the District of Columbia from the opera-
tion of the criminal law of Maryland and Vir-
ginia, and it has never been so relieved. The por-
tion ceded by Maryland continued to be subject
to the criminal law of Maryland; and the portion
coded by Virginia, to the criminal law then in
force in that State. And yet the gentleman from
Louisiana, in.order to escape the difficulty, sup-
poses that this general, comprehensive descrip-
tion in the law, "any other place or district,"was
intended to apply to a district not then acquired,
but which was afterwards to be acquired. Sir, I
will tell you to what it was intended that that law
should apply. It was intended to apply to the
district of Ohio—the N orth west Territory—which
was, about that time, designated in an act of Con-
gress as the " district of Ohio."
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will the gentleman
from Virginia allow me to ask him whether the
act to which he has referred applies also to the
States ?
Mr. MILLSON. No sir, it does not. But, Mr.
Speaker, with a view of removing all further
doubt, I will remind my friend from Louisiana
that the very first organized Territory to which
this law was made applicable was his own Terri-
tory of Louisiana. The very first application of
this act was made to the very Territory now rep-
resented on this floor by the gentleman from Lou-
isiana—or rather the two Territories,known as the
Territories of Orleans and Louisiana. By the act
of 1804, erecting Louisiana into two Territories,
it is expressly provided, in the seventh section, that
the aetfor the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States " shall extend to and have full
force and effect in the above-mentioned Terri-
tories."
Mr. TAYLOR. This act prescribes the pun-
ishment of various offenses against the United
States, such as treason, piracy, &c. There are
some portions of it applicable to Louisiana, and
others that are not.
Mr. MILLSON. I have not heard of anybody
committing treason m the Territory of Louisi-
ana; but the law was intended to be applicable
wherever the offense was committed. The law
punished certain offenses, and I will give the gen-
tleman a list of them: treason, murder, conspir-
acy, piracy, felony, forgery, larceny, perjury,
receiving stolen goods, bribery, rescue,&c. These
are some of the crimes punished by the act of
1790, and by the act of 1804, extending that law
directly and expressly to the Territory of Loui-
siana.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. McClernand]
has said that there never has been an instance of
any attempt by Congress to provide directly for
the punishment of crimes in any of the organized
Territories of the United States; and I have said
that there never was an instance where they did
not do it. They did it in the Northwest Territory.
They did it in the Territory of Indiana. They
did it in all of the Territories, They extended
the law to all the territory acquired from foreign
nations. They made the Jaw applicable to Louis-
