1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
51
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. Resistance to Black Republican Domination—Mr. Singleton.
Ho. op Heps,
this vitiated public sentiment at the North, though
it may be their political overthrow. But without
agreat change they will be overthrown; and sooner
or later the whole power of the Government must
pass into the hands of the Republicans.
"What evidence have I of it? Gentlemen s,ay
^that I am mistaken, and that I do not understand
public sentiment at the North. How happens it
that there are one hundred and seven members
upon this floor, Representatives of the Black Re-
publican party ? How happens it that almost every
Democrat from the North, who has stood up for
our constitutional rights in the past, has been de-
feated and driven into retirement ? If we can judge
the complexion of politics at the North by the
character of its Representatives, we must conclude
at once that there is little else than Black Repub-
licanism there. Two years ago we had fifty-three
northern Democrats upon this floor. Now we
have, I believe, twenty-six. Why wore those
men turned out? For no other reason than to
make place for Black Republicans, who will break
down the institution of slavery, if not by inter-
fering with it directly in the States, at least by
hedging it in and cutting off all expansion, which
will as certainly accomplish the object in time.
Public sentiment is against us. The depart-
ments of the Government, though not against us
at this moment, will soon be so. You have now
almost the control of this branch of Congress,
without the aid of any faction from any quarter.
You are now within eight or ten votes of organ-
izing the House by the election of a Black Re-
publican Speaker, by force of your own numbers.
Very soon, I doubt not, you will turn out the
sound men now in this body. I hope for better
things; but I doubt not that all your efforts will
be directed to overthrowing every man who has
dared to speak in behalf of the rights of the South
on this floor, and that you will succeed. Then
you will have full control of this branch of Con-
gress.
IIow is it in the Senate ? That body is fast be-
coming Black Republican. There is not a single
Senator there from the North who dares to speak
in behalf of the constitutional rights of the South
who is not marked at the moment, and systematic
efforts made to put him out of place. How docs
it happen that such men as Choate and Everett
and winthrop, in the old Whig party,and Cass,
Dodge, Dickinson, and Gushing, in the Demo-
cratic party, are out of Congress at this time? Is
it not because they dared to defend the rights of
the South on the subject of slavery ? Ha\e they
not been compelled to retire, and make room for
Black Republicans? The very same masses at
the North who fill this House with Black Repub-
licans can do the same with the Senate, and it only
requires a few years to effect the change. Every
six years a Senator goes out of place, and a new
one is elected; and according to the progress that
party has been making for the last few years, it
will not take long to give the Black Republicans
control m that end of the Capitol.
What else? The very same men who elect
members of Congress, and who are opposed to
us, can elect their President over our heads. Were
we not told, the other day, by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] that there were
eighteen millions of free white people at the North,
while there were only eight millions at the South?
We do not expect, therefore, to copc with you at
the ballot-box. We may possibly succeed, at the
nextpresidential election, by nason of the dissen-
sions in your ranks. Possibly the Democratic
party may keep the Government together for the
next four years. But, at the end of that time,
what chance, I ask southern men, have we of
being able to electa President or keep the control
of the Executive branch of the Government?
Well, sir, there is one other branch of the Gov-
ernment—the judiciary. Not long since, Sew-
ard, the great apostle of the Black Republican
party, if I am not mistaken, rose in his place in
the Senate, and said, in substance, while we were
rejoicing over the decision in the Dred Scott case,
"'Gentlemen, go on rejoicing; you will have a
short life of it. The time is not far distant when
that court will be entirely changed." And we know
it to be true. The Judges of the Supreme Court
are, for the most part, aged, and their places must
soon become vacant. These places must be filled
by Executive appointment, and those appoint-
ments confirmed by the Senate. The President
being a Black Republican, will select Black Re-
publican nominees, and the Senate will obey his
behests. ^Thus, there is nothing to prevent their
changing the character of the Supreme Court in
the course of the next few years.
Ail this we foresee. If you suppose we are
blind to your purposes, that we are notlooking to
the future, ana calculating the chances of keeping
the Union together under the Constitution, and
defending our own peculiar institutions, you are
most egregiously mistaken. The people of the
South are fully awake to all these facts, and are
preparing to meet them. With the masses of the
people against us at the North, and with the whole
Government against us in all its forms, what fu-
ture is there for slavery in this Union? What
have we to look forward to as slave owners? We
are to have no expansion—no legislation for the
protection of slavery in the Territories. The fu-
gitive slave law is to be repealed oi set at naught.
Slavery in the District of Columbia, in the dock-
yards, the arsenals, and all public places, is to be
abolished.
I ask, again, what will be the future of the
southern slaveholder? If slavery be confmcd to
its present limits, the institution will necessarily
be overthrown. It is only a question of time.
We have now four million slaves m the'fifteen
southern States. That population, doubling itself,
according to the census returns, every twenty-five
years, by natural increase—to say nothing of Af-
rican importations—we will in fifty years from
now have sixteen millions. What else is true?
It is a fact known to all, that in the border coun-
ties of Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, and Mis-
souri, slavery is almost a nominal thing. Men
cannot aflord to own slaves when, by crossing an
imaginary line, they fall into the hands of our
enemies and their friends who aid them in their
flight. Hence you find slave owners in those
counties selling off their slaves and crowding them
down into the States on the Atlantic coast and
Gulf of Mexico. This operation is going on daily,
as every man knows. Confine us within our
present limits, and it will not be long before the
institution will sink of its own weight. We ought
not to wait for that time. Do you think, gentle-
men, that we will remain quiet while this is being
done? Do you think that we will ever consent
to have bur four million negroes placed on a foot-
ing of equality with ourselves, our wives and
children? If you do, I tell you that you reckon
without your host. The South will never sub-
mit to that state of things. It matters not what
evils come upon us; it matters not how deep we
may have to wade through blood; we are bound
to keep our slaves in their present position. And
let me ask you, what good would you bring to the
slaves by this process of abolition? You may
possibly have the object in view of benefiting the
slave, or benefiting the white race, or both; but
suppose you could carry out your plans and con-
fine .us to our present area; and suppose that
the institution of slavery should abolish itself,
what would you have done? You know it is im-
possible for us to live on terms of equality with
them. It is not to be supposed for a moment that
we can do so. The result would be a war between
the races, which would perhaps involve the utter
annihilation of one or the other; and thus you
see that, instead of benefiting either, you would
have biought disaster upon both.
But I tell you here, to-day, that the institution of
slavery must be sustained. The South has made
up ifs mind to keep the black race in bondage.
If we are not permitted to do this inside, of the
Union, I tell you that it will be done outside of
it. Yes, sir, and we will expand this institution;
we do not intend to be confined within our pres-
ent limits: and there are not men enough in all
your borders to coerce throe million armed men
in the South, and prevent their going into the
surrounding territories. Well, sir, you ask me
if we can preserve this institution out of the
Union 5 That question is very frequently asked.
I do not know what the result will be. I believe
we can. I believe that, although fanaticism is
rampant at the North, there is still cood sense
enough among the people to hold abolitionism in
check, and prevent it from making personal war
upon us whenever we make up our minds to
seccdc peaceably from this Confederacy.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hick-
man] said the other day that they would coerce
us. I would like to know if he will head the
force that comes down for that purpose ? He will
remember that Mississippi acquired some char-
acter in the war with Mexico.^ He will recollect
that we had a regiment of riflemen there, headed
by Jefferson Davis, who still lives to lead, it may
be, a southern army in defense of her rights. I
would remind him, also, that there was a Palmetto
regiment from South Carolina that did some good
service in the Mexican war. Other southern
States were represented there, and gained an im-
mortality of renown. If he will but cast his eye
back to these things, and then recollect that every-
thing we have, and everything that we hold sacred
and dear on earth, will be staked upon the issue,
he must see at once that any attempt upon the
part of the North to coerce us must result in
bloodshed—I migh t say k uee-deep—upon our bor-
ders. No, the North will never attempt to coerce
us. Whenever the South makes up her mind to
remain no longer in this confederation of States,
we will say to you, "We want no bloodshed; we
have nothing against you, if you will let us alone;
we will shake hands with you, and walk out of
this Confederacy bidding youGod's blessing,and
wishing that you may prosper; we will leave you
in peace, and intend to make no war upon you."
But if you undertake to make war upon us, first
look well to the consequences. I believe there is
still sufficient conservative feeling left in the North
to prevent this state of things. Not only that,
but T behove there are men upon this floor, from
the North, over whose dead bodies you will be
compelled to walk before you ever reach the
South. But you will not attack us. You will
not send down an army, and spend millions of
dollars, for the purpose of reducing us to a con-
dition worse than that of our slaves. You will
never undertake to force us back into the Union,
and compel us to live in it, when you have forced
us out of it by your intolerable conduct towards
us. My word for it, no such thing will be done.
And not only that, but we shall be able to take
care of our slaves. You do not want them. Al-
though your people would force them from us,
when we travel among you; although they seduce
them from us at home, and give aid and comfort
to them when they escape, you do not want them
in your States; they are not a fit element for so-
ciety. It may be asked, what evidence have I
of that fact? There is scarcely a northwestern
Stale that has not a law upon its statute-book
preventing the ingress of free negroes into its bor-
ders. Why, sir, I am told that m the very town
where the Republican candidate for the Speaker-
ship resides, the town council, a short time since,
passed an ordinance excluding negroes from the
place, and they were absolutely stoned out of the
town. There is a gentleman now in the gallery
of the House who informed me of the fact, and
who was present when this occurred, or soon
after.
Do you want a free colored population in your
midst? You would not feed and clothe them as
we do. I have traveled through your section of
the country, and, so far as my recollection goes,
I have never seen a negro engaged in agricultural
pursuits within the borders of a free State. You
have nothing to do with them. If you want to
employ laborers, you employ white men. They
arc crowded together in the large cities,live there
as they enn on the offal of the streets or on what
(hey can steal or what little they can get for their
menial services. You know yourselves you have
no use for such a population as this. Why even
in Canada, I understand that it is seriously con-
templated to force the negroes into settlements of
their own, to colonize them, so troublesome have
i they become. Why interfere with our sla\es?
Have wc not built up your northern cities by our
commerce? Are they not dependent upon us to-
day for our support in the way oftrade ? The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Clark] declared the
other day that they could not do without us.
Mr. CLARK, of New* Yoik. I desire to say
to the gentleman from Mississippi that my re-
mark was not that the city of 3Sfew York could
i not stand against a dissolution of the Union. My
