1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
in confidence, for the use of the Senate, at the following
rates:
"Fop the press-work, folding, and stitching, of sixty-five
copies, 6 cents per page when of the royal octavo size, and
$1 per page for sixty-five copies when the matter cannot be
contained in the royal octavo page in any type hereinbefore
specified; and allowance shall be made at the same rates
for any greater number of copies than sixty-five, and not
exceeding one hundred.
"Third. For tabular statements of the orders of the day,
lists of yeas and nays, circular letters, and miscellaneous
printing ordered by Congress, nouhereinbefore specified:
« For composition for plain work, per thousand ems, 50
cents.
" For rule and figure work, 50 cents per thousand ems.
" For press-work, folding, and stitching, one hundred
copies, per page:
" For royal octavo, or any smaller size, 10 cents.
" For quarter post, 20 cents.
" For foolscap or any iarger size, 20 cents.
" But the following deductions .shall be made from fhe
press-work, folding, and stitching, additional numbers to the
number usually ordered by Congress of matter included in
the foregoing specifications, to wit:
" When the number excecds five thousand, and does not
excced ten thousand, two per centum.
" When the number exceeds ten thousand, and docs not
exceed twenty thousand, five per centum.
" When the number exceeds twenty thousand, forty per
centum.
" The press-work, folding, and stitching, of all printing not
herein provided for, shall be done by the ream—the lates
shall be two dollars per ream when printed on one side, and
four dollars per ream when printed on both sides; when any
amount less than one ream is ordered, it shall be counted
and settled for as one ream.
" Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That the same prices
shall be paid for printing for the Executive Departments
that are paid for printing for Congiess, except for printing
post-bills, which shall be printed on paper not less than six-
teen by twenty-six inches, and for printing on paiclimcnt.
There shall be paid for printing the post-bills at the late
of $1 per thousand sheet?, and at the rate of $10 per
thousand for printing paichments; but nothing shall be al-
lowed for altering post-bills when the alteration consists in
a mere change of the postmaster's name; and nothing herein
contained s-hall prevent the heads of Executive Depart-
ments from employing printers out of the city ot Washing-
ton to execute such printing for any of said Departments
as may be required for u?e out of Washington, when the
same can be executed elsewhere as cheap as the rates hciem
specified, increased by the cost of transporting the printed
matter to the State or States wh*uc such matter may be
requiied for use in the public service "
Mr. BIGLER. Now, Mr. President, it will be
seen that the*law sustains what I have said as to
the utter want of discretion on this subject in the
President and the heads of the respective Depart-
ments. As to the President, he is utterly, totally,
and entirely disconnected with the subject. I have
had these sections of the law read, not because I
thought it was nccessary to let Senators see their
Erovisions, but in order that this question may
e properly understood throughout the country.
The only discretion vested in any of the Depart-
ments worthy of note is as to the post-bills—the
blanks for the Post Office Department. In refer-
ence to these, the Postmaster General may select
a printer out of the city of Washington, and that
is all. He has nothing: to do with the price. The
law disposes of that; and sec how emphatically
and distinctly it does dispose of it:
" There shall be paid for printing the post-bills at the rate
of$l per thousand sheet";, and at the rate of $10 per thou-
sand for printing parchments."
Not a dollar more, not a dollar less.
Mr. BROWN. I have not said that more money
was paid for the public printing than the law jus-
tified.
Mr. "BIGLER. I do not allege that the Sena-
tor said so.
Mr. BROWN. But I want to show the Sen-
ator what my point is: that when §20,000 more
was paid for the Executive printing than the print-
ing cost, as was shown by Wendell paying over
an extra $20,000 to Bowman, who did nothing, then
the Executive Government ought to have made
that fact known to Congress, and asked for a
reduction in the price of the public, printing.
Mr. BIGLER. I was notalleging, sofarasthe
price of the public work was concerned, that the
Senator from Mississippi had charged that greater
prices were paid than those specified in the law-^-
that no one dare allege; butwhat I did say is thiS:
that from what has occurred on this subject, here
and elsewhere, the impression has been made
that such is the fact; or rather, as I said before,
that the President and his Cabinet officers, in the j
exercise of some liberal discretion, have been prac-
ticing peculations on the Treasury; and I want to
show to the country that those officers have no dis-
cretion whatever on the subject, and are obliged
to do the bidding of Congress; they have not the
power to take one dollar from the Treasury, or
to influence the cost of the public printing to a per-
ceptible extent. That is what I desire to show,
as a matter of public justice.
So far as the heads of the Departments are con-
cerned, the duties devolved on them under She
law arc ministerial, and sheerly ministerial. My
friend from Mississippi, if he were inclined to
make the charge, or rather those who have made
the allegations through the public press, that there
is corruption because there is a large profit arising
out of this printing, could with the same propri-
ety point to certain offices and show that the sal-
aries were exorbitant, and then charge the Presi-
dent with corruption because he appointed men
to fill such offices. Now, sir, wherein consist the
frauds and peculations of which we have heard
so much? where the corruption? Nowhere, sir.
The whole charge is as baseless as the fabric of
a vision. In both cases the duty is sheerly min-
isterial. The Postmaster General, if he pleases,
may name a man to execute blanks; but, as I
have already shown, he cannot fix the price. If
the law allows extravagant profits, the fault is
not his, but must be charged to Congress. The
Department cannot be held responsible where it
has not the power to interpose a remedy.
Just at this point, I will say, in reply to what
the Senator from Mississippi has said about re-
forming this business of printing, that it has been
so exclusively controlled by Congress, and so
peculiarly their business—printing for the respect-
ive Houses—that an Executive might well hesi-
tate to interfere: for it is seen that four fifths of
the expenditures for public printing arc for the
congressional printing. The President of the
United States might well have concluded that this
question was so closely connected with the two
Houses of Congress that it would be for them to
institute a remedy for a wrong practice of their
own, about their own printing.
Now, Mr. President, I have a word to say on
the prices of printing. I have no disposition to
do injustice to those who passed the law of 1852.
The nominal prices fixed in that law arc not ex-
orbitant; and as things wore then, I cannot see
how a practical printer, executing the literal terms
of the law, could make more than a living remu-
neration. I say this on my knowledge as a prac-
tical printer; but I can, at the same time, I think,
tell Senators how a large proportion of the large
profit so much complained of has been realized,
without the practice of positive wrong anywhere,
or the infraction of any law.
In the first place, immediately after the passage
of the law of 1852, as I am informed, some person
in the city of New York stereotyped the blanks
for the Post Office, Department, and ever since j
they have been executed on the same plates, mak-
ing but the slight alterations which were required
from time to time; thus saving all the cost of com-
position, which every printer ^kiiows is the essen-
tial part. No matter who was elected Printer for
either House, if he had the blanks to execute, or
designated by the Postmaster General, he would
get the work executed at this New York estab-
lishment—and why ? Because he could get a much
large* profit in that way than he could if he at-
tempted to execute it on his own type, and by set-
ting up the forms himself. Any sensible man
would do the same thing. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi, or myself, in a business transaction,
would be controlled by the same motives.
Thus this large profit is realized on the Post
Office blanks, 1 presume the authors of the law
of 1852 never thought of this short-hand business.
It may be a very sensible reason for changing the i
law now, and saving this large sum to the Treas-
ury; but it is no just ground of complaint against
those who execute the law as it now stands. But,
sir, there are other things that bear on this ques-
tion ; improvements in the art, which are constantly
going on, have added to the profits. Hoe's fast
press was, about that time, introduced into use. It
has now become of general use, and with its capa-
city to turn off thirty or forty thousand impressions
in an hour, has materially lessened the expense of
press-work. That is also a source of profit; so
that it is seen, a«? I have already said, that a large
proportion of this profit is entirely legitimate, and
1 cannot agree that the craft to which I have the
honor to belong shall be calumniated on this sub- i
ject. If, by their genius, they have improved the |
art and lessened expenditures, it is a legitimate I
gain; it is not an unworthy profit. I protest j
against it in the name of Guttenburg, and Faust, !
and SchofFer, and Caxton, and Franklin, who did
the same thing. Let this worthy craft have a fair
opportunity for a living.
Mr. BROWN. I want to do justice to Wen-
dell and to the craft. My complaint is not that
he got more than the law allows him; but out of his
honest earnings he was required to pay $2O$0O
to a man who did nothing. I do not "want to in-
terfere with the craft.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall come to that presently,
I listened to the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi very patiently, as I always do,
and often with pleasure, and I shall be very glad
to hear him when I get through, if he ha& any-
thing to say in reply; but we shall get along more
pleasantly, I think, if he will allow me to go
through with what I have to say, at least on the
main point.
Mr. BROWN. Very well.
Mr. BIGLER. Now, sir, I have done with
the question of public printing generally; but
before I separate from it, I choose to say that, so
much have I been annoyed with this general
clamor about the public printing, which I happen
to know, as a practical man, has madeanimpres-
sion far beyond what the facts justify, I shall vote
for almost any proposition to change the law and to
change the system; but I warn Senators now, that,
after all, it will be no difficult matter to involve the
Government in a still heavier expenditure for the
same amount of work. But, sir, enough on that
point. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
Now, sir, I want to say something about the
nominee of the Democratic party for the office of
Public Printer, and I want to say it in all deference
and kindness to others. I have known General
Bowman for twenty years, and have been on
terms of intimacy with him. I have maintained
official relations with him, for he was Adjutant
General by my appointment, when I had the
honor of being Governor of the State of Pennsyl-
vania; and I hazard nothingin saying that no man
in the State has maintained a higher reputation
for honesty and integrity. I never heard im-
puted to him anything like an unworthy motive or
corrujfc action. It suits some newspapers to rid-
icule him as brigadier general. He never was a
brigadier at all. He commenced as a major gen-
eral in 1842, under the commission of Governor
Porter. In 1845 he was appointed ad jutant gen-
eral by Governor Shunk; and in 1847 he mustered
the two regiments that Pennsylvania furnished for
the Mexican war, into the service. He did that
with great dispatch and energy, to the entire sat-
isfaction of the Governor and the War Depart-
ment. A fact conneeted-frith that duty goes some-
what to reflect the character of General Bowman;
to show at least that he is not a mercenary man,
seeking to pocket the public money. After the
war, and when the Legislature of Pennsylvania
were complimenting the men and officers, and
voting extra pay to others engaged in the service,
a proposition was made to pay General Bowman
$1,000 extra, for mustering these regiments into
service, which he promptly arrested, saying when
he took that office he knew what the salary was;
that it was understood that he was to perform all
the duties that might devolve upon him for that
salary; and therefore he could not allow his friends
to ask additional pay for him.
Then, sir, at a later period, in 1853, when he was
adjutant general by my own appointment, a certain
military storekeeper in the State of Connecticut
wrote to General Bowman, suggesting to him that
if he would make a draft on him for some of Colt's
pistols, instead of making it upon the ordnance
department here for the quota to which Pennsyl-
vania was entitled, he could be handsomely re-
warded, intimating to him that eight or ten thou-
sand dollars could be realized in that way. What
did General Bowman do ? Like an honest man he
sent the correspondence to President Picrcc. The
case was referred to the War Department, then
under the able control of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis;] proceedings were instituted;
a court martial had; General Bowman appeared,
and testified against this man; andhe was broken
of his commission, and turned out of the service.
So he stood when this question of the appoint-
ment of a Superintendent of Public Printing came
up, having for a quarter of a century published a
newspaper at Bedford, and maintained a high repu-
tation as a citizen. It is true, that some politicians
thought him excitable and violent, and somewhat
