1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2437
they thought was a proper object, they were not
giving sufficient notice to the adverse claimants.
It passed Congress, and was approved on the 2d
of June, 1858; and what do we find? The Hou-
mas claimants had never succeeded in any action
at law. As the Senator from Georgia said, they
were not able, with the whole force of their title,
to oust a single squatter or trespasser; because,
when the plaintiff brings his action of ejectment,
he mast recover on the strength of his own title,
and not on the weakness of his adversary's. Their
title was not strong enough to stand on against a
trespasser. They-had not possession. Congress
had refused to confirm their claim constantly.
When they had got a patent from the Treasury
Department, Congress had interposed the arm of
the Attorney General to cancel the patent. Now,
I speak of it as a question of duty, and ask Sen-
ators was it right for us, in the circumstances, to
intervene in a controversy of that character, and,
by act of Congress, to create the owners of the
Houmas claim lords paramount of two counties h
No Senator can escape that question. It comes
to us, each of us; and it is a question that forces
us not to talk of it as a matter of friendship or
personal regard, but as an appeal" to our sense
of justice and to our duty and our oath as Sena-
tors. I say the act is wrong, and ought to be
repealed.
Would this hurt the Houmas claimants ? As I
have shown, their title, whatever it is, to all this
back concession, to all this tract of country cm-
braced between the Mississippi river and Lake
Maurepas, the Amite river, and the Bayou Man-
chac, whatever it was, was perfectly well estab-
lished under the treaty with France for the cession
of Louisiana to the United States. It derived no
additional value as a title from the act of Con-
gress. What did it derive from that act? As I
said, a while ago, simply this: that where the
Houmas title is weak, if the courts decide it to bo
void, then these claimants fall back upon the pat-
ent of the United States under that act, and they
drive out two hundred or three hundred fami-
lies of settlers who were reposing there under the
magnanimity of the United States; a magnanimity
which had passed into a settled custom not to dis-
turb any who, under a mistake, had entered upon
lands which were not subject to private entry or
preemption. That is the whole case.
The Senator from Louisiana says it is going to
make a disturbance in land titles in Louisiana. I
am really at a loss to see how that can be. There
can be none under this act, because at the very
next session of Congress, as soon as it was known,
these people petitioned, and the Senator himself,
at the instance of his colleague—and they are enti-
tled to vci y great credit for their promptness and
generosity m that regard—introduced a joint res-
olution suspending the operation of this very law;
and it stands suspended. It is yet in fieri; no
right has vested under it; no right has been fixed
under it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will permit
me a word?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I never did do anything of
that kind, because my conviction is perfect and
complete that Congress has not the remotest right
to do anything of that kind. I assisted in pass-
ing a joint resolution by which the executive offi-
cers of the Government were told not to act under
the law. I never attempted to pass a joint reso-
lution through Congress to suspend the operation
of a law which confirmed title, thoroughly con-
vinced that Congress had not the remotest power
to do so.
Mr. PUGH. I do not really see the distinc-
tion. The effect of the law of 1858 was to give a
patent to the Houmas claimants. That patent
must come from the Department of the Interior.
The joint resolution passed at the next session
suspended the. operation and effect of the law. It
forbade the Commissioner of the General Land
Office or the Secretary of the Interior to isstte any
patent. Therefore, 1 say it is all in fieri to-day,
just as much in our power as it was the day that
act was put on its passage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator hold that
Congress can icpeal a confirmation of a title?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir. What was this confirm-
ation? It was a confirmation of a claim pre-
sented to the commissioners under the act of 1805.
The act of 1805 did not pretend that, in the case
of a perfect title like this one, a confirmation by
Congress added anything to the effect of the title.
The repeal of the act does not divest any right;
it does not affect any'right; nor does the bill pro-
posed by the committee affect any right. We
simply say to these Houmas claimants: "You
shall institute your action against the United
States in the district court of Louisiana within
such a time—two or three years. If you do, that
action is atthe expense of the United States. We
will press forward diligently on our side, and you
shall on your side. All the testimony shall be
collected. The counsel shall be heard, and the
decision shall be made, both parties having a right
to appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States; and according as that arbiter shall decide
one way or the other, so shall this conftoversy
end, and these land disputes be settled." But we
say to them: "If you do not sue within two years,
whilst we do not assume to confiscate your title,
which we cannot do if you have one, we will not
give you the advantage of proceeding under the
statutes of the United States to obtain a patent
until you have passed the ordeal of judicial adju-
dication."
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, the bill expressly says that if we do not sue
in two years, the land shall be sold by the Gov-
ernment as public land.
Mr. PUGH. Very well; suppose it does. If
we have no right to do it, if the Houmas claim-
ants bring an action of ejectment, or any other
action, for possession against our patentee, they
have only to prove what the Senator has claimed
in his speech, and produce the treaty of 1803, and
that treaty is better than our patent. It will put
the patentee out at once; but in order to bring
that action, they will be compelled to prove before
a court of justice and a jury the allegations which
the Senator has made in lus speech here to-day,
whereas we offer to avoid that. We say to them
now, for the sake of peace, if you will come in in
the mode provided by-our bill, wo will give you
a speedy and prompt and fair decision of the
question; and if you are successful in the main-
tenance of your title,instead of leaving you to this
^-ast field of research into the early history and
laws of Louisiana, we will give you a patentundcr
the great seal of the United States at once.
Sir, if this be a good title; if the Senator from
Louisiana has such confidence in it; if he believes
that it can bo defended before a court and a jury,
that it is sufficient to prevail over adverse titles,
why not take this method of settling it? AH ad-
verse claimants must come in under this bill. One
litigation settles everything. Thev are not left to
separate actions against eacli of tfie two hundred
settlers or trespassers. It is all settled in one ac-
tion, and settled at the cost of the Government of
the United States. Now, sir, I ask the question
again: if the Houmas title is good, why do they
not accept the proposition ? I do not say it is not
good; I do not know. I have looked into it far
enough to agree with my colleagues upon the
committee that it is a case of extreme difficulty.
It is a case that I would not undertake to examine
with a view to pronounce any opinion as a law-
yer unless 1 had a very large and handsome re-
ward for the service. But 1 have looked into it
far enough to be satisfied that wo have acted
rashly, unjustly, unfairly; that we have acted in
a controversy long known; that we have <icted
unadvisedly—that is what I mean, rather than
unfairly—and that it is our duty to retrace our
steps, and to put these parties where we found
them, and to amend the original law of 1805, in
order that we. may have a speedy, final, and com-
plete settlement of this controversy. Therefore,
I concur with the report madebytheSenatorfrom
Georgia, and shall vote for the bill now before
the Senate.
Mr. WIGFALL. I did not propose, sir, to
enter into the discussion of tins question, espe-
cially this afternoon; but it seems from the time
of the day, and as every one has spoken I sup-
pose who desires to do so, that we are now about
to have a vote, and I shall give the reasons, as
briefly as may be, which influence mo in the vote
that 1 shall give. There are some points, Mr.
President, as it occurs to mo, that should govern
the vote of every Senator upon this question.
They certainly will govern me. Here is a title held
by persons for nearly a century, and yet grave
complaint is now made that the Congress of the
United States two years ago confirmed it. I have
not investigated this matter; I was not on the com-
mittee; but I have listened to this discussion with
some interest, and I have made some memoranda
of remarks by those who have advocated the two
sides respectively.
It appears that the Houmas Indians, in 1774,
were living upon a portion of the land east of the
Mississippi river—the metes and bounds of theif
possession were very uncertain; that some one
bought from these Indians. The Indians had no
•right to convey the title, without the consent of
the Governor of Louisiana; and therefore the
claimants went to the Spanish Government, or
the representative of the Spanish Government,
and obtained a confirmation, and some forty ar-
pents back from the river were conveyed. Sub-
sequently, in 1776, the same parties went to the
Government, or its representative, and requested
an extension; and that extension was granted.
Now, I care not as to the terms in which it was
given, or the reasons which were assigned for
asking the extension. The extension was granted.
The surveyors were appointed, and ran out the
side lines twoarpents, I think, to show the direc-.
tion in which those lines should be prolonged.
Subsequently to that, the grantees from the Gov-
ernment of Spain sold. How? Not as we sell
at common law, a private transaction, making a
deed and recording it, or not recording it, and
taking the hazard of its not being recorded; -but
these parties, a short time after the grant, went
before the Government itself, and they then and
there declared that they were possessed of land,
so many arpents upon the Mississippi river, and,
in one direction, running back to the lake; and
by that description a portion of these lands was
conveyed. Subsequently, mortgages were made
before notaries public representing the Govern-
ment; all by official public acts there were con-
veyances. And so from 1776, down to the treaty
of acquisition, in which these lands were described
by the owners, recognized by the Government
and by the neighbors, and known to everybody
as belonging to these grantees, and as running at
other points back from the river at least above _
four leagues.
What was the state of the titles when the Louis-
iana Territory was acquired ? As soon as the
Louisiana Territory was acquired, and a govern-
ment was about to be instituted, the Congress
of the United States passed an act providing for
taking possession of the Territory. So I under-
stand. Governor Claiborne was appointed Gov-
ernor. The extent of his authority I have been
furnished with by my friend from Georgia, who
has made this report. He says:
" To her [France] we pledged the faith and power of the
Kepublie to do tins thing—to protcet tlieir people against all
Hie suvuiBignsof the earth, popular soveieigns included.
Tliw protection was to coimnuo and follow tiiem until the
Temtory tlioy occupied was admitted as a State of the
Union, upon an equal footing with tlie icst of the States.
Wo bargained that nothing but State sovereignty could
relieve uti from tlie,c solemn pledges of protection, when
they must stand where the rest of the States stand in rela-
tion to protection. Congress immediately entered upon
the discharge of this obligation, by the passage of the act of
31 st October, lSlXi: _
" k Sec. 2. jind be it further enacted^ That until the ex-
piration of the procnt session of Congress, unless provision
for the temporary government of the said Territories be
sooner made by Congress, all the military, civil, and judi-
cial powers, exercised by the officers of the existing Gov-
ernment of tho same, phall be vested in such person and
persons, and shall be exercised in such manner, as the Pres-
ident of the United States shall direct, for maintamingand'
protecting the inhabitants of Louisiana in the free enjoy-
ment of their liberty, -property, and religion.' (United
States Statutes atLarge, vol. 2, p. 245.)
'• This act did not mince matters.. It certainly paid no
respect to the sovereignty of the people of tins vast domain.
Thepoweisofa Spanish Governor General aie not usually
based on any great respect for popular sovereignty ; but, if
the mean* are subject toeiitici. ,m, the end was good: these
"lent powers were given to protect property and religion.
% force part of the property we bound ourselves to protect,
was property in negro slaves. A glorious sovereignty, in-
deed ! It was such popular sovereignty as the Q,ueeu of
the Antilles, ever-faithful Cuba, enjoys to-day. They made
no laws; thev had nothing to do with the selection of their
iulci>, executive, legislative, or judicial; they were gov-
erned by such person or persons as the President of the
United States should designate, and just such laws as their
rulers might choose to enact."
Under that provision, as explained by the Sena-
tor, Governor Claiborne was appointed. A year or
two afterwards, a board of commissioners were
appointed to investigate land titles. That board
examined the title of the grantees to the Houmas
claim, and I hold in my hand the surveys which
