1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1495
Territories, or by any select committee, it may be
right and _ proper to take away from them the
government they now have. I am still more op-
posed, however, to the amendment originally pro-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mc-
Clernand,] and recently offered by his colleague,
[Mr. Logan.] I do not want any more Territories
established at this time.' That amendment pro-
poses to abolish the existing government, and to
divide the Territory of Utah, with a portion of
Kansas, into two territorial governments, by the
names of Nevada and Jcffersonia. I see no ne-
cessity for it, and much less propriety in connect-
ing it with the legislation proposed by this bill.
There is an amendment which I think should be
made to the first sec.tionof thebill, and which my
friend from Tennessee informed me wiil be sub-
mitted at the proper time.
Mr. NELSON. If the gentleman from Virginia
will give way to me for a moment, I will offer the
amendment now. It is very short.
Mr. MILLSON. I shall soon be done. I ob-
ject, too, to the preamble of this bill. I do not
think the preamble at all necessary. It contains
what is true; but it contains what should not be
inserted in a law. It provides that—
Wlieieas it is admitted that polygamy is permitted by the
municipal regulations of one nf the Teiriteries of this
Union, and is sought to he justified on the giound that this
abomination in a Christian country is a religious rite of the
inhabitants of said Territoiy; and whereas 110 principle of
self-government or citizen sovereignty can require 01 jus-
tify the practice of such moral pollution : Therefore, &c.
I would rather the preamble were stricken out.
I think the bill had better begin with an enact-
ment, instead of a recital. A law should speak
in the language, not of apology, or remonstrance,
or entreaty, or argument, but of mandate—of
command. Its justification should be found, not
blazoned upon its own face, but in the condition
of society. If the law be right, the public intelli-
gence will supply the reasons which justify it; if
it bo wrong, no plausible excuses can shield it
from censure, or should protect it against repeal.
Mr. PRYOR obtained the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. Allow me one moment to
make a proposition to the House. I am told that
there are a great many gentlemen m the House
who wish to engage 111 this debate; but that few
gentlemen desire to consume a great deal of time.
Now, I propose, in order that as many gentlemen
as possible may have an opportunity to express
their views, that, by general consent of the House,
speeches shall be limited to thirty minutes.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I object.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman will not
object, unless he has some good reason.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to say something
upon this subject.
Mr. BRANCH. The only way, probably, in
which the gentleman will have an opportunity to
say anything, is by limiting speeches, so that a
larger number may have ail opportunity of speak-
ing than can have it uuder the hour rule.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Have I the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Pryou] has the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his objection. Very few
gentlemen will have an opportunity to express
their opinions upon this bill unless we adopt some
such rule as the one which I have suggested.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have spoken, perhaps,
not one twentietli part as much as other gentlemen
have during this se'ssion of Congress, and I do
not want to be restricted to less than one hour in
discussing this question. The hour rule is short
enough.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee object to the proposition of the gentle-
man from North Carolina?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Of course I object. lam
a standing objection to everything that curtails
the time allowed for discussion.
Mr. NELSON. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia yield to me for a moment?
Mr. PRYOR. Yes, sir.
Mr. NELSON. I desire to introduce an amend-
ment to meet the views of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mili.son,] not affecting the result
aimed to be accomplished by the first section of
the bill, but because I think the phraseology sug-
gested by him is better than that reported by the
committee.
My amendment is as follows:
After the preamble to Mr. Morrill's bill, as reported by
Mr. Nelson, insert the following, in place of the lines from
thiee to nine, inclusive, to begin in line three, after the
word "persons:"
Being married, shall, during the life of the former hus-
band 01 wife, marry another person in any Territory of the
United States, or other place—except the District of Colum-
bia—over which the United States possess exclusive juris-
diction, or, if the marriage with such other person take
place elsewhere, shall thereafter live or cohabit with such
other person m such Teuitory, or other place over which
the United States possess exclusive juiisdiction, the former
husband or wife being alive, he, she, or they, so oftendmg,
shall, on conviction, &c.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me, I desire to offer some amend-
ments to the original bill, so as to perfect it.
I propose to strike out the preamble and to in-
sert the word " hereafter'' after the word " per-
sons, " in line three of the first section of the bill,
and to add this proviso at the end of the bill:
And provided further, That this act shall only have pro-
spective effect, and shall not bo consti ued to affect such per-
son?? in the Terntoiy of Utah as may now, under the laws
and customs of said Territory, have a plurality of wives.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit whether further
amendments to the bill are now in order. There
are two amendments already pending.
Mr. REAGAN. "We have a right to perfect
the bill.
The SPEAKER. Further amendments arc not
in order at the present time.
Mr. BRANCH. Do I understand that the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Nelson] has been received?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. BR-ANCH. It has been received as an
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; it has been received
for consideration.-
Mr. GROW. That amendment was to the ori-
ginal bill, if I understood aright.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCLERNAND. With the permission
of the gentleman from Virginia, I will suggest a
modification of the proposition submitted by my
colleague, [Mr. Logan,] with his assent. It
merely lolatos to a change of boundaries. I ask
that what 1 send up may stand in lieu of the sub-
stitute offered by my colleague.
The modification submitted by Mr. McCler-
nand is in the second section of Mr. Logan's
substitute, and makes the boundaries of the pro-
posed Territory of" Jcffersonia" asfollows; "be-
ginning at the point where the one hundred and
second meridian intersects the thirty-seventh par-
allel of north latitude; thence on said meridian
until it intersects the forty-second parallel of north
latitude; thence west to the one hundred and thir-
teenth meridian of longitude wesj of Greenwich;
thence south on said meridian, to the thirty-sev-
enth parallel of north latitude; thence on said par-
allel to the place of beginning."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Is it in order to move
further amendments to the original bill ?
The SPEAKER. No further amendments are
in order at this time.
Mr. BRANCH. I take it that these amend-
ments are only read now for information, and are
not be taken as pending amendments to the bill
at nil.
. The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will yield to me, i should like to have a sub-
stitute, winch I propose to offer for this bill, rend
for information.
Mr. PRYOR. I will yield this once, but after
that I must go on with my remarks.
Mr. THAYER. I am aware that it is not now
in order for me to offer my substitute, but should
the one now pending be rejected, I will then offer
it. I ask that it be read for information.
The Clerk read the proposed substitute, as fol-
lows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert as
follows:
That all the public lands lying within the following bound-
aries shalt constitute aland district,to be called the Jefferson
land district: beginning at a point m the Teuitory of Ne-
braska where the twenty-fifth meridian west from Washing-
ton crosses the forty-second parallel of north latitude; thence
due west by the southern boundary of Washington Territory
to the point wheie the Bear river makes its lower crossing of
the southern boundary of Washington Territory; thence by
said river southward to the Great SaltLake; thence by the
eastern shore of said lake to the mouth of the river Jordan;
thence by the river J ordan southward to Utah Lake j thence
by the western shore of said lake to the mouth of Salt creek;
thence by a line due south to the northern boundary of New
Mexico; thence by the northern boundary of New Mexico
and of the Indian Territory, to said twenty-fifth meridian;
thence north to the place of beginning.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the second land
district shall be called the Nevada land district, and shall
embrace all the public lands contained in the following
boundaries, namely: commencing at the southwest corner
of the Jefferson land district; thence west with the north-
e rn boundary line of New Mexico, to the eastern boundary
of the State of California; thence north of the eastern
boundary line of the State of California to its intersection
w ith the southern boundary of the State of Oregon; thence
east to the northwestern corner of the Jefferson land dis-
trict, at the crossing of Bear river; thence south with the
western boundary of the said Jefferson district to the place
of beginning.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted, That the people of each
of the land districts above described, shall be entitled to •
one Delegate in Congress, who shall receive the same com-
pensation and enjoy the same privileges as a Delegate from
a Territory; and that so much of said Jefferson land dis-
trict as is now witlnn the limits of the Territories of Kan-
sas and Nebraska shall be, and is hereby, excluded from
the operation of the act organizing the Territories of Kan-
sas and Nebiaska.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a surveyor general for the land districts above described,
whose office shall be located at such place as the President
of the United States shall from time to time direct, and
whose duties, powers, obligations, responsibilities, and
compensation, shall be the same as those of the surveyor
general of Kansas and Nebraska Territories^ and who shall
be allowed the same amount for office rent, fuel, incidental
expenses, and clerk lure, as is allowed to the surveyor gen-
eral of Kansas and Nebraska.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said surveyor
general shall cause the necessary surveys to he made in
said land districts of standard meridian, base, and parallel
lines?, and the township and subdivisional lines, under
such rules and lobulations as shall be prescribed by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Sec. G. And Ic it further enacted, That the said land dis-
tricts shall be subject to the operation of the preemption act
of the 4th ol October, 1841, whether settled upon before
or alter the suivey; and in all cases where the settlement
wa< made before the survey, the settler shall file hisdecla-
lation within tiueo months after the survey is made and
leturned ; and that the provisions oi the actotMay23,1844,
concei ning town sites, shall apply to town sites in the said
land distuets.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, Thatwhen the lands in
said districts shall have been surveyed, under the direction
of the Government of the United States preparatory to
bringing the same into market, sections sixteen and thirty-
six m each township msaid land districts, shall be, and the
same are hcieby, icscrved for the puiposc of being applied
to schools in f-aul land districts, and m the States hereafter
to be erected out of the same.
See. 8. And be it further enacted, That when the lands
in said districts shall be surveyed as aforesaid, a quantity
of land equal to two townships shall be, and the same is
hereby, reserved for the establishment of a university in
each of said land distuets, and in the States hcrcaftei to be
created out of the same, to be selected under the direction
of the Legislatuies, in legal subdivisions of not less than
one half section.
Sec. 9. And be itfurther enacted, That the President be,
and he is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or during the recess
thereof, and until the end of the next session after such ap-
pointment, a register and receiver for the district of Jef-
ferson, who shall be required to reside at the site of the
land office, which is hereby located at Denver City, and a
register and receiver foi the district of Nevada, who shall
be required to reside at the site of the land office, which is
hereby located at Genoa, and shall be subject to the same
laws and entitled to the same compensation as is, or may
hereafter be, prescribed bylaw m relation to other registers
and receivers.
Pec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the act entitled
"An act to establish aterritoiial government for Utah,"
approved 9th September, 18o0, is hereby repealed.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That this aet shall
take effect from and after the 1st day of July, A. D. 1860.
Mr. PRYOR resumed the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
from Virginia allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. PRYOR. l mast really decline. I have
shown every disposition to be courteous, but I
have only ten minutes to speak, and when I am
through the gentleman can offer his amendment.
The SPEAKER. There is no unusual limit as
to time; the gentleman can occupy an hour if he
desires to.
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Speaker, the bill reported
by the committee, if liable to criticism in some of
its details, is exempt, I think, from any essential
objection on the score of principle; and this opin-
ion I hazard, notwithstanding the adverse author-
ity of gentlemen for whose judgment I entertain
the highest respcct.
In the first place, sir, I am obliged to dissent
from the theory propounded by the honorable
member from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor;] a theory
of territorial relation which involves a denial of
the paramount jurisdiction of Congress over the
territorial dependencies of the United States. If
his doctrinc be correct, and Congress have no
