2440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
tee is an extreme northern route; and I desire to
call the attention of the House to a few geograph-
ical facts. - The first is, that the territory of the
United States lies between latitude 25° 30' and
490. For the extreme southern boundary of the
United States runs down as low as latitude 25°
30', and the extreme northern boundary, including
thp country that borders on the British posses-
sions, lies in latitude 49°. The central line between
the two points is 37° 15'.
Mr. CURTIS. The part of the country that
we are talking about, and through which this
road is to be built, is between latitudes 31° and
49°.
Mr. NOELL. If the gentleman will remain
quiet for a little while, I will attempt to explain
what I mean b.y my remark. I repeat that the
extreme southern boundary of the country is 25°
30', and the extreme northern line, in that inhos-
pitable country northwest of the lakes, where
neither man nor beast can live, runs up to 49°.
Now, I will take two other lines. I will take
the line that cuts the extreme northern projection
of the Gulf of Mexico, and that is the parallel of
30°; and the extreme southern end of the lakes,
which is 42°. The central line between those two
points is represented by the parallel of 36°.
The railroad line proposed by the gentleman
from Iowa, and reported by the committee, a
large portion of it, after it leaves the Missouri
river, and proceeds about one hundred miles,
runs very nearly up to the forty-second parallel
of latitude upon the map which has been spread
out before the House, and referred to by the gen-
tleman from Iowa in his speech. So that when
we come to calculate the scope of country lying
between the parallels of 30O and 420, in which
lie the great bulk of the population and com-
merce of the country, the line proposed by the
committee from which this bill was reported is
put upon the extreme northern edge of that part
of the United States; and yet the gentleman from
Iowa tells us this is a central route. When we
come to calculate the population of the country,
you will find that five sixths of that population
lies south of the line of this road reported by the
committee. Yet this central route is to run on
that line, having tbis great preponderance of pop-
ulation south of that line.
But I wish to call the attention of the House to
another fact. There are but three or four of the
great commercial cities of this Union lying north
of that line; when you strike out Boston and
Chicago, thero is scarcely another city of any
importance lying north of that line. New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Richmond, St. Louis,
Cincinnati, Columbus, Memphis, Now Orleans,
Charleston, and all the other cities of the Union
of any importance, with the exception of Boston
and Chicago, lie south of that line. And yet this
is the route which is characterized as the central
line.
Mr. CURTIS, I ask the gentleman to allow
me to correct him. I am sure he does not desire
to erect a shadow for the purpose of knocking it
over.
Mr. NOELL. Certainly not.
Mr. CURTIS. Then let me say distinctly, that
the surveys on which this bill is based are on what
is called the fortieth degree route, or about the line
of Philadelphia. A consirk*mb!e portion of the
line goes south of that degree. Nobody has pro-
posed to go up to the forty-second degree to build
the road.
Mr. NOELL. I think I understand what I am
saying; and as the gentleman from Iowa will have
the closing of this debate, I will be obliged to hmi
if he will reply to my argument then, and not in-
terrupt me in the few lemarks I shall make on
this occasion. I repeat, that by reference to the
map which has been spread out before this House,
to which reference has been made by the gentle-
man from Iowa, it will be seen that for a very j
considerable portion of the route which is now '
projected it lies as high as the forty-second par-
allel oflatijjUde-.and for nearly the whole distance,
after it leaves the Missouri river, it lies north of'
the fortieth parallel. Suppose the cities of New
York and Philadelphia do he in that latitude.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman is evidently
laboring under a great mistake. I wish to ex-
plain the map. This map does not protend to lay i
down the route of this road. The map was made
at the War Department, and was made to show
the surveys of roufes which were deemed to be
practicable.
Mr. NOELL. I say to the gentleman that I
am not mistaken in the position I am debating,
and I hope he will not interrupt me, I take the
map, anu I take the bill. The bill proposes to run
two lines, one from the western borders of Mis-
souri, and the other from the western borders of
Iowa; and these two linos are to meet within two
hundred miles of the Missouri river, and- from
that point there is to be one main trunk 011 to the
Pacific. Now, to any one acquainted with the
geography of the country over which the road must
pass from tliat route to the Pacific, it is evident
that it must go north of the fortieth degree of lati-
tude, and especially when you take into consider-
ation the fact that you have made a requirement
that it shall pass in the vicinity of Great Salt Lake
City.
Admitting, then, that the cities mentioned by
the gentleman from Iowa do lie in the latitude of
about the fortieth parallel; admitting that New
York, Philadelphia, and these other cities, lie in
about forty or forty-one degrees north latitude, I
ask if it is intended to make the so-called central
route run parallel with the extreme northern edge
of the Union, to the exclusion of those great com-
mercial emporiums in the center and South ? As
I understand it, a proper central route will be one
that will accommodate the people of every section
of the Union; one which will accommodate the
North, the South, and the central portion of the
country as nearly as possible alike. That is what
I understand to be a central route, and not one
that shall accommodate the great commercial cities
of the North to the exclusion of those which lie in
the southern portion of the Union.
1 undertake to say that if this bill is to become
a law, and this road to be constructed to the Pa-
cific coast upon the lino contemplated in this bill,
while it will accommodate the interests of Chicago
and Boston, it will be of very little advantage to
Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Memphis, St. Louis,
New Orleans, and all the great central cities of
the Union. It is true that it would be of great
advantage to the commercial points located far at
the North, and it will be an advantage to a little
one-horse town 011 the Missouri river called St.
Joseph, with a population of some ten thousand;
but it will be at the sacrifice of other great com-
mercial points. And yet my colleague from the
Springfield district [Mr. Phelps] was twitted by
my colleague from the St. Joseph district [Mr.
Craig] wuli believing that there is no other road
to heaven than from St. Louis, by Springfield
and Albuquerque. I might return the sarcasm
upon my colleague from the St. Joseph district,
that he would not conceive any man could reach
heaven unless he started from Boston, and went
through Chicago and St. Joseph; for during the
present session of Congress he has not only had
a Pacific railroad the terminus of which, under
this bill, must necessarily be at St. Joseph, but
the Pacific telegraph,pony express, and all,must
terminate at St. Joseph.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will my colleague
inform the House what the pony express has had
to do with Congress, or what bill for any of these
lines has had St. Joseph inserted in it?
Mr. NOELL. I understand my colleague. Fie
is a wise legislator, and reaches his ena by cau-
tion and policy.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I am sorry I can-
not reciprocate the compliment.
Mr. NOELL. Both the Pacific railroad bill and
th% Pacific telegraph bill are so arranged that the
eastern terminus must necessarily be at St. Joseph.
My colleague, therefore, accomplishes his pur-
pose a great deal better than by putting in the
name of his town. Now, sir, the route I pro-
pose, while it accommodates the.southern and
central portions of the country, does not do injury
to the northern cities. St. Louis can reach the
eastern terminus of that road through the Iron
Mountain and the Cairo and Pulton roads, or she
can reach it through the southwest branch, or
through the Kansas branch. Chicago can reach
it crossing at St. Louis, or at Cairo, at the mouth
of the Ohio river. Cincinnati can reach it. Every
commercial city in the Union can reach it.
But, sir, if you enact this bill into a law, how
will it operate upon the other commercial points,
outside of the favored cities of the northern States?
As I have said, it will throw the whole of the trade
on the northern boundary of the Union. It will
cut off Cincinnati, St. Louis, and all the central
cities, from the benefits of a Pacific railroad. It
makes New Orleans, one of the great commercial
cities of the South, go more than half a circle—
three fourths of acircle—toget, to the Pacific coast.
There is not more than one hundred,miles differ-
ence between the distances from Boston to Port
Smith and Boston to St. Joseph.
Mr. Speaker, thero is another consideration,
and that is this: the bill proposed by the com-
mittee involves the necessity of crossing two rivers
instead of one. In going from the Atlantic States
—all those States the roads from which'cross
above St. Louis—they have to cross both the Mis-
sissippi and the Missouri rivers; while upon the
central route, runningupon the thirty-fifth parallel
of north latitude, only one river has to be crossed,
and that is the Mississippi river at Louis or
Cairo. That is another consideration.
It will be seen, Mr. Speaker, that the amend-
ment I propose contemplates building none of these
branch roads to connect with the main trunk. It
only contemplates that the Government shall
build this road on the thirty-fifth parallel, running
through the Territory of New Mexico, from the
western boundary of Texas to the eastern bound-
ary of California. When we build that toute
we will leave it open to the people of all the States
to make such connections with that road as they
think proper, and that may be right and neces-
sary. It leaves the branch roads an epen ques-
tion, to be determined by the citizens of the dif-
ferent States.
Mr. Speaker, I have occupied the time of the
House longer than I designed. My desire merely
was to present the amendment, and to explain its
provisions to the House. I wanted to show that
the proposition of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Curtis,] called a central route, so far from being
central, is a sectional route, and runs on the ex-
treme northern boundary of the Union, faraway
from the center of the wealth and population of
the country.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I demand tho pre-
vious question on the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE again obtained the
floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. If the gentleman will
permit me, I will submit an amendment to the
bill, and accompany it with a few remarks.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am told that the
gentleman from Indiana wishes to move a sub-
stitute for the bill. The amendment which I pro-
pose is an amendment to this section. If the
gentleman proposes a substitute for the whole bill,
I will be at liberty, after he has concluded, to move
my amendment to the first section.
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman will be at
liberty to present his amendment while a substi-
tute is pending.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We are upon tho
first section now, and I think that we ought to
confine amendments to that section.
The SPEAKER. The whole bill is before the
House, and it is in order for the gentleman from
Indiana to move his substitute.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, I hope I will be
allowed a word. I would appeal to the gentle-
man from Indiana, having the success of this
measure at heart, not to submit his substitute for
the original bill until all tho amendments to the
several sections of tho bill have been submitted
and acted upon. Then we will have an opportu-
nity to judge between the merits of the bill, as
amended, and tho substitute.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am satisfied, if,
after tho amendments to the several sections of
the bill have been got through with, I shall be
permitted to submit my amendment, as a substi-
tute for the bill as amended.
The SPEAKER. If the substitute bo_ pre-
sented now, the vote will not be taken until the
bill has been perfected by amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana**, Then I now offer
the following substitute for the bill:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert the fol-
lowing:
That, with the view of airtins in the conduction of a
suitable railroad and telegraphic communication between
the Atlantic States and tho Pacific ocean, theie s-imH fie,
and hereby is, appropriated and set apart a quantity of pub-
lie land equal to the alternate sections, for the space of (if-
