I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Marian.
Senate.
tho individual States. It indicates who shall make
the laws It indicates who shall adjudicate and
apply them; and by whom those laws shall be
enforced. It contains, also, a bill of rights for the
restriction of legislative power, which may not
be violated by courts, governors^ or legislatures.
The Republicans propose to establish this kind
of government for the new Territories; to estab-
lish for each a constitutional republic, recognizing
the doctrine of the fathers, that the people of the
Territories, as well as of the States, possess cer-
tain inalienable rights, that they need not surren-
der to the local government, that the local gov-
ernment cannot rightfully take from them; that
among these may be reckoned the right to life,
the right to liberty, the right to freedom of con-
science, the right to protection of character and
the protection of property.
The constitutional right of Congress to pass an
organic act for the establishment of a territorial
government no one will deny; no one will pre-
tend that this organic act does not become the
fundamental law of the Territory, its constitu-
tion, which cannot be trampled under foot by its
legislature, courts, or executive.
But if Congress has the unquestioned power to
establish a constitutional government for a Terri-
tory, to create a temporary constitution, defining
the powers of its respective departments, how
mucli power should be conferred on its local Le-
fislature ? The Republicans respond, " grant the
'erritorial Legislature all the power necessary to
provide for the protection of the natural rights of
men, and no power to legally violate them."
Provide, in the enactment of the fundamental law,
that any territorial law violating the well-settled
and clearly-defined natural rights of men, shall be
void. This is no new doctrine; it is but a con-
tinuation of the territorial policy adopted at the be-
ginning of the Government, and continued through-
out its whole history until within a few years, as
was amply demonstrated in a masterly manner,
on yesterday, by the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle.] The wisdom of the
policy has also been demonstrated .by the peace
and quiet, and the security of life and property,
that has been uniformly observed in all of these
Territories, by the rapid increase of population,
the development of their natural resources, and
speedy admission into the Union. So conclusive
to my mind is the argument drawn from the his-
tory of the action of the national Government on
this subject, embracing all its departments, ex-
tending over a period of nearly seventy years,
and the history of the Territories themselves on
the question of the constitutionality and also of
the eminent propriety of this policy, that I was
surprised to hear a gentleman of the legal acumen
of the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,]
attempt to refute it by the flimsy allegation that
the ordinance of 1787 was a contract entered into
by*the old States previous to the adoption of the
Constitution, which, under its provisions, the new
Government was bound to execute. And conse-
quently, that the exclusion of slavery from Ter-
ritories north westofthe Ohio river, by subsequent
acts of Congress, cannot be regarded as a legisla-
tive interpretation of the constitutional power of
Congress to apply the same restriction to other
Territories.
"Was this ordinance, in fact, a contract between
the old States of the Confederation? The ordi-
nance commences with this language:
" Re it ordained bv the United States in Congress assem-
bled."
Not by the State of Virginia and the State of
North Carolina and the State of New York, &c.,
each of whom would have been competent at that
time to enter into a compact with the other, but
by the Congress:
"It is hereby ordained and declared, by the authority
aforesaid5*—
That is, by the authority of Congress—
kk That the following articles shall be considered as .arti-
cles of compact''—
Between whom?
"Between the original States and the people and the
Statps in the said Territory, and forever remain unalterable
unless by common consent."
It was not a compact entered into between the
individual States of the Confederation, but a mere
act of the old Congress. Congress attempted, in
its legislative capacity, to enter into a compact
between the people of the whole country on the
one side and on the other a people yet unborn—
the people of five States thence afterwards to be
organized. It was a compact made by a party ex-
isting with a party that did not exist. And this
legislative declaration is supposed to be irrepeal-
able and binding on the individual States, that
never, in their individual capacity, became a party
to it! I admit that it was in the nature of a com-
pact—it was in the nature of an agreement. It
ought to have been binding in honor on all the
parties that acquiesced in it, just as the Missouri
compromise was in the nature of a contract. It
was an agreement made by the Congress of the
United States, and acquiesced in, for a long term
of years, by the people of each and all the States,
ana it ought, as an honorable understanding, to
have been maintained. But it was not legally
binding or irrepealable.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator permit me to
interrupt him?
Mr. HARLAN. I will yield merely for a
statement, but not for any extended remarks.
Mr. PUGH. I will merely say it is evident
the Senator does not understand my proposition.
I do not wish to make any statement now, if ho
objects to it.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not object to the Sen-
ator's making any short statement, but to any
extended remarks or argument.
Mr. PUGH. I do not wish to make any ex-
tended statement. 1 was not referring to that
portion of the ordinance, although I see no diffi-
culty in a contract of that character What I
meant to say was this: Under the old Confedera-
tion the States were equally represented, and voted
by States. The Articles of Confederation did not
authorize the ordinance of 1787; but, as Mr. Mad-
ison declared in the Federalist, the States ceded
the land to the Congress as their trustee, and in
that old Congress they were all equally repre-
sented as a congress of embassadors, and they
made this as their agreement. I do not care what
particular language it commences with. It was
the act of a body of embassadors representing the
States, voting equally, not like this Congress.
Mr. HARLAN Well, Mr. President, this
makes the case stronger for me. If the repre-
sentatives of the States in that Congress haa no
power under the Confederation to enter into an
agreement of this kind, it would be void from the
beginning.
Mr. PUGH. It was void as an act of legisla-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. Then if void from the begin-
ning as an act of legislation, how could i t have been
regarded as binding on a subsequent Government?
Mr. PUGH. It was binding as a compact.
Mr. HARLAN. Merely as an honorable ar-
rangement, not as a legal agreement, and this
vitiates the whole speech or at least the argument
of the honorable Senator from Ohio in my esti-
mation, as delivered yesterday.
Mr. PUGII. Will the Senator answer me
what other obligation a treaty has than an honor-
able obligation? You cannot enforce it by any
action.
Mr. HARLAN. A treaty is usually entered
into between two parties, each of whom is capable
of making a contract, and each of whom is au-
thorized to make a contract. In this case, accord-
ing to the admission of the honorable Senator, the
parties assuming to make the contract had ao au-
thority. They were the agents of the people of
the States that had exhausted all their power be-
fore they reached this act. In the case of a treaty,
as I understand it, each nation is competent to
make a bargain for itself, and may enforce it. In
this case, then, it is insisted on the part of honor-
able Senators that a compact perfectly void, ab
initio, must afterwards be regarded as binding on
a subsequent Government; and that, consequently,
the legislation of Congress excluding slavery from
the Territories of the Northwest was perfectly
legitimate and constitutional, although the acts of
the same Congress and of the same Government
excluding slavery from the Territories west of
the Mississippi would be unconstitutional.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator, if he will permit
me, evidently misunderstands me again. I pre-
sume that is not his object. I say it was invalid
as an act of legislation.' To give no other reason,
the Articles of Confederation required the vote of
nine States; the ordinance never received the'vote
of nine States. It was not an act of legislation;
and, although invalid as an act of legislation, yet,
the public Jands being ceded to the States, a ma-
jority of the States, acting for all, made thisdivis-
lon of the trust property. It might be void as a
law, but valid as in the nature of a contract—just
as valid as a treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. I am informed by my friend,
the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] that the Articles of Confederation did not
for all purposes require tho act of nine States.
This is perfectly immaterial, however, so far as
my argument is concerned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under the Articles of
Confederation, a majority was sufficient to pass
the ordinance of 1787; they did not require nine
States.
Mr. PUGH. It did require nine for the ordi-
nance; not for every act, but for such an act as
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It did not for the ordi-
nance ; the Senator can show no authority for that
statement.
Mr. HARLAN. As I regard this disagree-
ment as to fact as immaterial to my argument, I
shall not delay now to investigate it; but I will
merely restate that this docs not purport to be a
contract entered into by individual States of this
Confederacy with each other, but a compact en-
tered into by the Congress of the United States
with the future States of the Northwest and the
people thereof; communities that did not legally
exist at the time; that merely had a prospective
being, and consequently had no power morally or
in law to make a contract. Then, if the Senator
is right, when lie says that this act was perfectly
void as a law, and as it does not purport to be an
agreement between tlio old States with each other,
it strengthens the position I have taken.
The power of Congress to provide for the peo-
ple of the Territories constitutional governments,
protecting them in the enjoyment of all their nat-
ural rights, having been sustained .by the uniform
action of the Presidents, Congress, and the judi-
ciary, with but one opposing opinion rendered by
a divided court, under the influence of great po-
litical excitement then prevailing at the Capitol, it
may now be regarded as conclusively settled. We
are thus free to contemplate without prejudice the
legitimate effects that would flow from the adop-
tion of the policy of the Republican or of the
Democratic party, and to decidc into whose hands
we shall intrust the reins of government. The
decision of this question will determine by what
race of men the unoccupicd territories shall be
peopled.
1 he policy of the Republican party invites the
Anglo-Saxon, the Celt, the Gaul, and others of
Caucasian blood, by its proposed preemption
and homestead laws, to enter and occupy tnem;
and by the exclusion of slavery it will practically
cxcluue the negro and kindred races.
In 1850 there were three million six hundred
and thirty-eight thousand eight hundred and eight
colored people in the United States; the number is
now probably about four million eight hundred
thousand of "the first number, three million two
hundred and four thousand three hundred and ;
thirteen were slaves, amounting now probably I
to four million two hundred and fifty thousand. |
These have no power to emigrate, and would be ¥
practically excluded by the enactment, as a part
of the organic law of each Territory, that "neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude shall ever exist
therein, except as a punishment of crime, whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted accord-
ing to law." Of the free colored persons, very
few have the inclination or pecuniary ability to
emigrate.
That this simple provision, so eminently just,
and in strict accordance with the spirit of the
Constitution and our free institutions, as under-
stood by the fathers of the Republic and their de-
scendants for nearly three quarters of a century,
would prove a practical barrier to the emigra-
tion of negroes to the new Territories, has been
demonstrated by experience. To the nine new
States in the Southwest, from which slavery was
