1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
teen miles on each side of the following road and branches,
from their eastern to their western termini, that is to say:
one main trunk railroad and telegraphic line from some
point on the western boundary of the State of Missouri or
Iowa, between the thirty-seventh and forty-third degrees of
north latitude, on the nearest and most eligible route to the
«ity of San Francisco, on the Pacific ocean; and also two
branch railroads and telegraphic lines, one diverging from
the said main trunk road at some eligible point east of the
Rocky Mountains, between the one hundred and third and
one hundied and fifth parallel of west longitude, and run-
ning through the Territories of the United States in the
direction or Memphis, in the State ofTennessee, which
shall bo known as the southern branch ; and one diverging
from said main trunk road at the point last aforesaid, and
running through the Territories of the United States to the
most eligible point on the western shore of Lake Superior,
which shall be known as the northern branch j such lands
to be selected from the sections which shall be designated
in the public suiveys of said land (when made) by odd
numbers, and to be held and conveyed as herein provided 
and in ail cases, when the United States may have dis-
posed of said lands, or any part thereof, or shall, from any
cause, be unable to convey a title thereto, the deficiency
may be made up by the party or parties who may become
entitled thereto, from any unoccupied and unappropriated
land belonging to the United States, within the distance of
thirty miles said roads or toads: Provided, however, That,
for such deficiency within the State of California, and also
in lieu of all mineral lands in said State, (which are hereby
excepted from the appropriation herein made,) such selec-
tion may be made from any unoccupied and unappropri-
ated lands of the United States, within fifty miles of said
•road in the said State.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior to cause advertise-
ments to be published in two newspapers in each State,
and m the District of Columbia, for a reasonable time, not
exceeding six months, which advertisements shall invite
sealed and beparate proposals for the construction of each
of said lines of road and telegraph, in the manner herein
provided. Said advertisement shall include a copy of tiiis
aet, as containing the terms upon which the United States
are willing to contract for the constitution of either of said
lines of road and telegraph, and shall require separate
sealed proposals, stating specifically whether it be for the
main trunk, 01 northoi n or southern branch line; and also,
Fiist. The time m winch the party or parties piopose to
construct, complete, and finish the entire road and tele-
graph ready for u&e, winch period must not c.\ceed ten
y?ars from the signing of the contract; and also what ex-
tent and portion thereof they propose to complete ami put
in operation during each and eveiy yesfr. Second. The
time in which such part) or parties will surrender and
transfer, free of cost to the United States, for the purpose
of being surrendered to the several States, as herein pro-
vided, the said load, with its appurtenances andfurmturc.
Thud. The sum. not exceeding $300 per mile, for carrying
the United State# mails daily, both ways, on said load,
under the direction of the Post Offiee Department, for the
period of fifteen years from the completion of the road;
and, while m course of construction, for the portion m u-se,
and at what rate per mile, ior a like period, and on tire por-
tions in use while being constructed, they will canyon
said road, under the. direction of the pioper Deportment, all
military and naval stores, supplies, muuitions, troop*, and
freights of all kinds for Government purposes, which sum
or late must not exceed that now paid in the aggregate for
such service; and from and after the expiration of said
period of fifteen years, said transportation, postal, military,
naval, and for every other Government purpose, shall be,
in like manner, performed on said road, under the direc-
tion of the proper Department, at reasonable prices, not
exceeding those usually paid for the time being on other ;
first-class roads, to be ascertained by Congress in the event [
of disagreement between the Government and the owners j
of the road.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War, the Secretaiy of the Navy, the Seciotary of tire Inte-
rior, and the Postmaster General, under the direction of
the President, be, and they are hereby, authorized and in-
structed to contract with the party or parties wir'ose pro-
posals, as aforesaid, for each of said lines shall be consid-
ered by them to be on the whole the most favorable for the.
full and complete construction and keeping up of each of
said lines of road and telegraph, for which proposals shall
be made, complying with the terms of this aet; the said
contract or contracts to provide lor the road oi roads as
herein described; and also for a telegraph line or lines on
the most approved plan ; and that tire party or parties whose
proposal or proposals shall be accepted, shall each deposit
with the Secretary of the Treasury the sum of §500,000, or
the value thereof, m bonds, or certificates of stock of the
United States, or State bonds, whose mar ket value shall be
at or above par at the time of making said deposit, which
may be subsequently drawn out by them m sum5! of $3,000
as the work proceeds, on the pioduetion of vouchers, show-
ing satisfactorily to sard Secretary that an amount equal
thereto has been applied in good faith to the construction
of baid road; and ail obligations, contracts, and securities,
shall be binding and obligatory in law on the contacting
parties, according to the exact terms of their respective ob-
ligations, contracts, and undertakings; all questions of
damages and forfeiture by reason of any breach of said con-
tract being determined by the express terms of such obli-
gations, contracts, and undertakings: Provided, That in
all contracts made in pursuance of this act the provisions
of the.aet shall be taken and considered as paits. of said
contracts in like manner as if the same were set forth in
full in said contracts.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in making said
contracts it shall be stipulated that, for the sake of conve-
nience, the said road shall be divided into sections of one
hundred miles each, and that none of said lands shall bo
conveyed to the contractors until one of those sections
shall be completed and put m successful operation, when
the President shall convey, by patent to the contractors,
three fourths of the land pertaining to the section so com-
pleted, retaining the other fourth as security for the .com-
pletion of the next scction of one hundred miles; and when
the second section shall be completed, the President shall
in like manner convey to the contractors three fourths of
the land pertaining to that section, together with the re-
maining fourth on the previous section; and so with each
section, conveying* three fourths, and retaining one fourth,
as security for the completion of the next, until the last sec-
tion of the road shall be finished and put in operation, when
the President shall convey to the contractors the residue of
the lands; and it shall also be stipulated in said contracts
that the mails shall at all times be carried on said road under
the direction of the Post Office Department, and'that all
other transportation for the use of the United States, as
provided in this act, shall be performed under the direction
of the proper Department, and that the compensation there-
for, at the prices specified in said contract in pursuance of
this act, shall be regularly paid from the Treasury of the
United States, quarterly, or at such times as shall be agreed
upon: Provided, That no money shall be advanced, nor
shall any such compensation be made until the service to
the extent of the payment so made shall have been first
performed.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That should any con-
tracting party or parties substantialiyfai!,neglect,or refuse
to prosecute the work undei taken by said party or parties
in a manner to secure the completion thereof, in cempli-
ancewith their contract, and within the time stipulated,
or should such party or parties violate the terms of the con -
tracts, then all rights of said party or paities to said road,
right of way, or property, shall be and become foifeited to
the United States, and the United States may and shall
enter upon and possess the same. In the event of such
forfeiture, to be determined by the Secretary of War, Sec-
retary of Navy, Secretaiy of Interior, and Postmaster Gen-
eral, with the approval of the President, said Secretary of
War, Secretary of Navy, Secietary of Interior, and Post-
master General, shall proceed to relet the work remaining
under such forfeited contract, and provide for the dispo-
sition of the work done, in such manner as will secure its
earliest completion in conformity with the provisions of
this act: Provided, That they shall not stipulate on the part
of the United States for any higher or other terms than are
herein expressly authorized and provided. #
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it Jurthcr enacted, That the party or par-
ties with whom the contract or contracts aforesaid shall be
made, shall proceed, as soon as practicable after the exe-
cution of such contract or contracts, to locate the general
route of said road or mads, and fix the eastern and western
terminus of the same ; and as soon as such general route
or routes shall be determined, which shall not be more than
two years from the date of said contract or contracts, a
statement theieof *liali be furnished bysaid party or parties
to the Secietaiy of War; and as soon as practicable there-
after, the President shall cauac the public land on each side
of sard route or routes, to the extent of at least forty mi!e«,
to be surve\ed, and the Indian title thereto extinguished,
rt practicable; and the provisions of the act of September,
184J, granting preemption rights, and the act amendatory
thereof, shall he. and the same are hereby, extended to
such lands, saving and excepting the lands heiein set apart
and appropriated for the u*>e ot said load or roads afore-
said : Provided, however, That tire alternate sections and
parts of sections of land which by this act shall remain to
the United States within the lines of fifteen miles on each
side of said road or roads, shall not be entered or sold by
preemption or otherwise for less than double the minimum
puce of the public lands when sold: Provided further, That
so soon as a contiaci shall be made, as aforesaid, for the
construction of either or each of <nd roads, it shall be the
duty of the President to cause the public lands, for not ex-
ceeding forty miles on each side of so much of said route
as the contractors thereof shall indicate, in pursuance of
this act, to be withheld from settlement, sale, or occupa-
tion, until the lauds shall have been surveyed and the
alternate sections selected, as provided in this act.
Sec. 7. Jlnd he it jurther enacted, That the party or par-
ties receiving grants of alternate section-5 of land, under the
provisions ot this aet, shall be required to sell and uncondi-
tionally eonvcy one halt of the ^tnif within live ye,us front
and after the issuing the patent for the -ame, or any pait
thereof; and all lands so granted to such party or paiues,
and lemaimng the property of such party or panic-., or
which may be held to the use oi tor the benefit ot such
party or parties, at the expiration of ten years from the
date ot the patent, shall be and become forfeited to the
United States.
Sire. 8. jlnd be it further enacted, That the lands of the
United States, for two hundred tect wide along the entire
line of said road or roads, shall be, and are hereby, set apart
and dedicated as a highway for larhoad and telegraph pur-
poses ; and the said party or parties may take any earth,
gravel, stone, timber, or other necessary materials for the
construction of saidioads, or telegraph, from any adjoining
lands of the United State*?. All contracts made in pnt-u-
ance of this act, for the construction and keeping up of a
railroad or roads, and telegraph line or line*, shall provide
for and require the railroad or railroads to be contracted
in a substantial, thorough, and workmanlike manner, with
all necessary drains, culverts, bridge.--, viaduct*, crossing*,
turnout**, sidings, stations, watering-places, and all other
appurtenances, including the furniture and rolling works of
the road or roads, equal in all respects to a road of the first
class when prepared tor business, with rail* of the best
quality, weighing not less than sixty-four pounds to the
yaid, and a uniform gauge throughout the entiie length of
each road; and shall also provide ior and lcquirea tele-
graphic line ot' the most substantial and approved descrip-
tion along the line of each road : Provided, They shall nut
charge the Government higher latcs than they do individ-
uals for like service.
Sec. y. Jlnd be it Jurthcr enacted, That the party or par-
ties constructing or owning either of said roads may at any
time construct one or more additional tracks along said
routes within the two hundred feet herein granted for the
light of way. And all connections with said road or roads
shall be made underthedirection of the legislatures ol the
States u Territories respectively in which the same shall
be constructed; and no road shall be made in pursuance of
this act m the State of California without the authority of
the Legislature of that State, and then only by virtue of the
authority of such State.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever the
said road or roads shall be surrendered to the United States
in pursuance of the provisions of this act, and the contracts
authorized by it, thereupon so much of said road or roads
as mayhe within any of the States, shall, with theirassent,
vest in and become the property of the State or States
within the limits of which the same may be located, sub-
ject to the use of the United States for postal, military, a^d
all other Government service; and also subject to such
regulations as Congress may prescribe, restricting the charge
for transportation thereon. And all other States organized
and admitted into the Union thereafter shall acquire the
same rights, subject to like provisions and restrictions.
Sec. 11. And beit farther enacted, That should the Sec-
retary of War, Secretary of the Navy, Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and the Pbstmaster General, under the first advertise-
ment, fail to receive proposals in compliance with the
provisions of this act, formakmgall or either of said roads,
it shall be the duty of the said Secretary to issue new ad-
vertisements in Jike manner for new proposals, once in
each year, until each of said railroads and telegraphic lines
shall be put under contract, in pursuance of the provisions
of this act, unless Congress shall otherwise order and direct.
Mr. WOODSON. If the gentleman frorh New
York will yield to me, I will now submit an
amendment to the first section.
No objection was made.
Mr. WOODSON. I move the following amend-
ment to the first section:
Strike out all after the enacting clause down to the
twelith line, inclusive, and insert:
That to insure the safe, certain, and jspeedy transports-
tion of the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war, and^
military and naval stores of the United States, between the
Atlantic and Pacific States, by railroad, to wit: one main
trunk railroad from the city of Sari Francisco, in the State
of Calif oi nia, along the most practicable route, and through
the most eligible passes in the Sierra Nevada and Rocky
Mountains, to the eastern base of the Rocky Mountains, at
some point between the thirty-fifth and forty-second paral-
lels of north latitude, and thence, with three branches, term-
inating, one on the western border of each of the States
ot Iowa, Missouri, and Texas, so as to make the most di-
rect and complete connection with the railroad system of
each of said States, respectively, there be, and is hereby,
granted to,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hare no objec-
tion to that amendment coming in at this place,
provided it will not cut me off from making my
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will have an opportunity to move his amend-
ment after the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri is disposed of.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Very well, then.
Mr. WOODSON. I desire to make but a few
remarks explanatory of my amendment. I have
offered it, believing that it was a fair compromise
between the various propositions which have been
offered. I understand that a minority of the com-
mittee, represented by the gentleman from Texas,
proposes two roads: one running from the west-
ern boundary of Texas, and the other, identical
with that reported by the majority of the com-
mittee ; whilst on yesterday, notice was given that
a substitude would be offered, providing for three
roads, one of which, the northern route, runs from
Lake Superior to Pugct Sound; and that amend-
-ment was ordered to be printed.
Now, if I consulted my own views of the inter-
ests of this country, and my own feelings, I should
prefer a proposition for three roads, believing,as
I do, that the commerce and the military interests
of this country require that there should be three
roads. All the arguments which have been of- .
fcred in favov of one route to the Pacific, it seems
to me, apply with triple force to three routes.
But the condition of the Treasury of the United
States and the public sentiment at this particular
time preclude the idea of more than one through
route to the I>acific. There can be but one through
route to the Pacific, and public sentiment, 1 un-
dertake to say, looks to nothing more than that.
All difficulties in the construction of n railroad
across the continent, I conceive, lie between the
eastern base of the Rocky Mountains and the
Pacific ocean. Those difficulties are: the immense
cost of the construction of that portion of the road
and the great diversity of opinion as to the best
pass through the mountains, and the great divers-
ity of interest in regard to those passes. Now,
the amendment which I have proposed provides
for but one road over the only portion of the route
which is at all difficult—between the eastern base
of the Rocky Mountains and the Pacific. And
I propose that individual interest and private
enterprise, applied to scientific research, shall
discover the best route for that part of the road
