2442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
and-the best passes through the mountains. The
problem of a Pacific railroad cannot be solved in
any other way. Individual interest e^tfd private
enterprise must solve it, or it cannot be aone at
all. ~ I propose that the road may run over the
most practicable route, and through the most
eligible passes of the Sierra Nevada, the Rocky
Mountains, embracing either the Albuquerque,
or Cochotope, or any other of the two or three
rrasses in that neighborhood, or of the South
Pass, because they are all embraced between
the thirty-fifth and forty-second degrees of north
latitude; and when the road reaches the eastern
face of the Rocky Mountains-, there every section
of this Union will be accommodated with an ap-
propriate branch. Iowa, the point from which,
m reality, it is proposed by the majority of the
committee to start the only road to the Pacific,
will be accommodated by the proposition I sub-
mit; while Missouri, either at St. Joseph or at
the mouth of the Kansas, or at the point where
the southwestern branch of the Pacific railroad
strikes the Territory of Kansas, will be accom-
modated by the selection of one or the other of
these points, as private enterprise and individual
interest may dictate, and where they can best con-
nect with the railroad system of Missouri. So
in regard to Texas; and the southern interest,
which has been ignored by the report of the ma-
jority of this committee, will be provided for
* effectually in c&sc the road should run through
the Albuquerque Pass; and it will be as effectually
benefited as jf the southern route, which they
now propose to build, should be adopted as the
proper route.
If I were looking to my own individual interest,
and looking,as I believe, to the necessary require-
ments of the country, and not to the probability
or the practicability of building these roads at all, I
should prefer the great central route, which, start-
ing from the mouth of the Kansas river, and fol-
lowing the valley of that stream, passes through
the gold fields recently discovered, and thence
through one or the other of the several practicable
passes of the mountains leading directly to San
Francisco. That would be my preference. That
route is central to the commerce, the population,
and the productions of this country; and being
almost geographically central to the whole terri-
tory of the United States, it is more accessible
than any other line which can be constructed
across this continent.
But I know that sectional interests, prejudices,
and predilections must bo consulted; and after the
experience of ten years has proved the futility of
any such thing as building one road only east of
the Rocky Mountains, I propose to accommodate
every scction—the North, by the Iowa branch; the
South, by the Texas branch; and the middle States
by the Missouri branch. In that way it seems
to me that we can conciliate conflicting interests,
and concentrate allup&n one through route to the
Pacific.
If gentlemen will look to the map, they will dis-
cover the most remarkable fact, that, from every
point where I propose that these branches shall
terminate, there can be made a connection with
the main trunk, either at the Albuquerque Pass,
the Cochotope Pass, or the South Pass, by a
water grade; and the routes are equal to any which
can be found of the same extent through any por-
tion of the United States. It is remarkable, that
from these points the waters of the Arkansas will
accommodate Texas; the waters of the Kansas will
more perfectly accommodate Missouri; and the
waters of the Platte will accommodate Iowa. It
does seem, if we might suppose such a thing, that
Providence had so arranged that the connection
between the Atlantic and the Pacific oceans should
be by one line, commenced at the head of these
three streams—the Arkansas, the Kansas, and
the Platte—all running from pretty much the
same source, and connecting with the three great
sections of this Union, the northern, the south-
ern, and the middle States.
Nov/, it is very evident that, while the bill re-
ported by the majority of the committee may
pass the House, it cannot be satisfactory to one
naif of the Union; certainly, that it cannot be sat-
isfactory to one third of it—the southern portion;
which, u does seem to me, is entitled to rather
more consideration m connection with this great
project than any other section of this Union, be-
cause they have projected and provided the means
for the construction of a railroad with more effi-
ciency and more probability of success than any
other which has been projected by any other por-
tion of the country.
I do believe that the proposition I have sub-
mitted, if it may not meet with the approbation
of every section of the Union, certainly cannot
meet with the violent opposition of any, because
it proposes to accommodate all. And I say now,
what I confidently believe, that there never will
be built, by the aid of Congress, across that mount-
ainous region lying between the base of the Rocky
Mountains and the Pacific ocean, but one single
road; and if that is done by the aid of Congress,
it must be done by providing, at the same time, a
connection with every section of the' Union. The
central route is the only route which will satisfy
the people of the country—a central route, run-
ning through the gold fields in the regionofPikc's
Peak, near the thirty-seventh degree of north lat-
itude. It may vary one or two degrees from that
route, but still it is a central route.
My object, when I rose, was merely to state
very briefly the purport and intention ofmy amend-
ment. I hope it will at least meet with the re-
spectful consideration of the House, and that we
may have a vote upon it by yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to speak to
the amendment that has been presented, and I
desire, if I can, to gain the attention of the House
upon it; becausc it is manifestly impossible that
we can intelligently understand this great ques-
tion unless we pay proper attention to what falls
from the lips of members.
Mr. Speaker, so far as this Government is con-
cerned, the route chiefly passes through the terri-
tory of the United States between the existing
States on the Atlantic and those on the Pacific. In
other words, from the western border of Missouri
or Texas, or Iowa, to the States of Oregon and
California—the intermediate space being the coun-
try over which this Government has undoubted
jurisdiction. Our power, therefore, is much less
questionable over this territory, within the space
to which I have referred, than elsewhere; and the
Governmental which may be applied to the road
on that section rests on different grounds from
those which apply to the extension of the road
through the States to which I have referred.
Now, let us look at it. Here is a vast continent
to be traversed, extending from fifteen hundred to
two thousand miles east and west, and eleven hun-
dred miles north and south, through our tenito-
ncs. Within those vast limits, chiefly of barren
lands, however, wo exercise that sort of super-
vision and jurisdiction which is allowed in our
Constitution. The question is, what shall we do
in the improvement of this vast territory? One
gentleman proposes, in consequence of high con-
siderations inducing him, that we shall have one
great central line of railroad through it. To be
sure, gentlemen take different views as to which
should constitute this centrality. One goes for
37°, another for 41°. "The eeiilcrisherc,"says
one. " The centeris there," says another. "The
real interests of this great country of ours demand
a still more northerly location," says another;
and another says, "The location of this inter-
communication between the oceans should be still
further south, beyond the jurisdiction of King
Frost.5'
I mention this for the purpose of letting the
House understand at once that we have not yet
risen to the consideration of this great subject in
that true view which belongs to us as represent-
ative statesmen of the American continent. We
are governed by this local or selfish interest, and
that local or selfish interest. We do not seem to
be sufficiently governed by the grand consider-
ation of country; we do not seem to recollect that
we arc bound, in the exercise ofour powers, to
locate this road where the great interests of the
Union require it to be. Rising above the influ-
ence of local interests, we should look to our
country alone and her great interests. Is this
House competent to so high and elevated a rule
of action ? Will this House discard the personal
considerations to which I have referred? Guided
alone by the great considerations which ought
to control this question, will we locate this road
where its fjreat objects can with certainty be real-
ized 5 The honorable chairman of the committee
which reported this bill wants to gratify his own
State of Iowa, and to make it the bosom into
which is to be poured the business of this road.
To soothe and gratify Missouri, he proposes to
give to that State a point of deposit. Instead of
being governed by public considerations solely •
let the termini rest where they might—gentlemen
are controlled, without any reference to theTreas-
ury, by the desire of having a terminus here and a
terminus there. The gentleman to whose amend-
ment I am now responding amplifies the concep-
tion, and wants the South to have a branch line
from some point of the great plateau of the con-
tinent down to Texas and up to Dubuque.
Now, I ask the House if we will build branches
for the purpose of gratifying the local wishes of
sections of the Union, or will we confine all our
energies and all our powers and all our resources
to the construction of a communication which is
to bind the two oceans, and to accomplish the
great purposes on which the movement rests?
We are to inquire what are those purposes, and
we are to recollect and be controlled by these pur-
poses. Laying aside considerations that are un-
worthy of the grave deliberation of this bod)', and
to which I have referred, shall we be governed
alone, in our final action, by the high considera-
tions that apply to this matter? And what are
they? The first consideration is to secure the
prompt transmission of the mails, that intelligence
which every country demands, and which a free
country imperiously demands. We are to adopt
no line by which this objcct would be defeated.
The next consideration is the protection of our
Pacific States from the rude hand of war. The
great Powers of Europe, it is represented, could,
with their giant fleets, land overwhelming forces
on the coasts of the Pacific, and with one fell
swoop sever those infantand glorious States from
the American constellation. It is to supply from
the thriving hives of the Atlantic and of the west-
ern States, as we call them, the means to defend
those coasts. It is the bounden and imperative
duty of Congress to locate the road so as to ac-
complish that object also.
Another objcct is, to secure a transit for the
commerce of the country. That is the least im-
portant, and perhaps the most subordinate of
the three. We not only wish to secure a trans-
it, safe, certain, and speedy, for the commerce
of this great Republic between the two oceans;
but we also want to open for our own emolu-
ment and advantage this communication, and also
to let it be the great thoroughfare for the com-
merce of the world. We want to present a trans-
it which will send the whole trade of the Asi-
atic continent, the Japanese, the Chinese, and all,
across our country, leaving tribute as it passes
on to the continent of Europe as the means of
fructifying and enriching this enterprise. These
arc the objects, and to secure these objects fur-
nishes the motives of gentlemen; and what is
more, it lays down a rulcTor us from which we
cannot depart without being false; false beyond
all question to that high duty which is cast upon
us by the people and the Constitution. So much
for that.
Now, sir, as to this central route. I do not
know whether I shall deal with the cential route
of the gentleman from Iowa, or the central route
of the gentleman from Missouri, whose motion
I am responding to. This central route cannot
be used for at least four months out of the twelve,
when the deep vales and the towering mountains
of the country m the great ranges that stretch
their giant outlines across our western sky arc
covered with snow. You may build the road,
and, as a gentleman said the other day, you may
arch the vast chasms which are filled with eternal
snow; you may span them with huge and giant
bridges; but you cannot use the road for at least
four months out of the twelve.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
from Virginia allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, sir, I will
permit it on this occasion.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will ask the gen-
tleman to state to the House whether there is "more
snow in the valleys ofthe Rocky Mountains, in the
regions of the South Puss, than there is in west-
ern New York. I ask him in which place most
snow falls annually ?
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I have
not measured those unfathomable depths; but it is
well known that the human eye has never pene-
trated much of that country, whether you look
