1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
>;47®
ready to bargain off the public printing as early
as March or April.
Mr. DAVIS. I think my colleague has prob-
ably that information from somebody who is just
now cutting; under, after having been one of the
parties to the very contract to which he refers;
t and here we have the written statement of the
candidate himself, over his own signature, against
an unknown witness, secretly conferring with my
colleague and giving him the information
Mr. BROWN. No, Mr. President. If my
colleague will examine the paper before him, he
will find that it is very cautiously drawn.
Mr. DAVIS. What is it?
Mr. BROWN. Bowman's letter. It is very
cautiously drawn. He does not deny the prop-
osition in all its amplitude. All of us know that
these matters of contract, about bargaining away
the public printing and transferring it, are pre-
sented in one form or another. Mr. Bowman may
have understood, or may now say that he under-
stood, he was simply proposing to rent the print-
ing office; and Mr. Cornelius Wendell may have
understood the proposition to be that he was to
do the work, and pay over so much of the profits.
That was certainly his understanding of it. As
I said this morning, if the proposition was to rent
a printing office in which the work was to be done,
and let the man who is elected Public Printer go
and do it in a rented office, it would be the same
thing as if he did it in his own office; but, on the
other hand, if the proposition was as Wendell
certainly understood if, if he tolls the truth, (and
I think he does,) that he was to do the whole work,
and pay over to Bowman so much of the profits,
then it was a clear selling out of the job, in viola-
tion of law.
Mr. DAVIS. The answer to my colleague is
contained m the law, unless lie supposes both con-
tracting parties to be so utterly ignorant as to be
unable to comprehend the plain language of t^his
proviso:
" That the otficc of Printer, either to the Senate or Hou^e
of Repiesentatives, shall not be transferable, either directly
or indirectly; and any attempt to sscffror transfer exthei of
said officer, 01 any sale or transfer of the same, shall operate
as a vacation and abandonment of the said offices, or either
of them."
Mr. BROWN. I never should suppose they
were going to come to the Senate, unless they
quarreled among themselves, to declare that there
was a sale of the office.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh! my colleague cannot escape
from the force of this section; because the man
who purchased would be as cautious as the man
who sold; he would understand that lie took noth-
ing if it was discovered, whilst the other would
understand that he could very readily vacate the
purchase by exposing the fraud. Neither of them
would be willing to pay money or to run the haz-
ard of exposure with such a law as that staring
them in the face. It is not a supposable case, un-
less tlioy are both presumed to be utterly incom-
petent to make a contract.
And now, Mr. President, I have only to say
that, convinced as I have been by some examin-
ation into this case that no fraud was contemplated,
no injury inflicted, that neither the spirit nor the
letter of the law was violated, I do not see why
the candidate of the Democratic party may not
as well be Public Printer as somebody else from
whom we shall jeceive nothing in return, save the
performance of the work upon the same terms,
and, at best, in the same manner as it will be per-
formed by him.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hope that every-
thing which has been said will not be thrown
away; and that we may have an opportunity of
reading it in print, I think we had better adjourn,
and I shall make that motion in a moment. I
have been listening, I hope candidly and patiently,
to get some light, and I thought I was getting to
it, but when I see the two Senators from Missis-
sippi disagreeing absolutely and totally, 1 am en-
tirely in the dark. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. PITCH. I do not suppose any appeal to
the Senator will induce him to withdraw the mo-
tion, but 1 trust the Senate will not adjourn. If
we do, we shall have no Printer probably for a
week. Senators will come to-morrow with letters
on the subject.
Mr. HALE. I think we had better have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The motion to adjourn is not debat-
able.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the at-
tention of gentlemen here present to what we have
to do. I call for the yeas and nays on the motion,
for the reason that if we adjourn now it will take
us a week to dispose of this matter.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can only
be doneaby unanimous consent, after the yeas and
nays have been ordered. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] prefers certainly a very
grave charge against the candidate for Public
Printer. As I understand him, it is that he vio-
lated the law under which he acted as Super-
intendent of the Public Printing, by the con-
tract which he made with Mr. Wendell for the
purchase of the Constitution or Union newspaper.
If he did so, all will concede that it would dis-
qualify him for the office. If he did not do so, I
think it is due to him, and due to those who sup-
port him here, that he should be vindicated from
such an imputation. There seems to be some
discrepancy as to the facts of the case. Conced-
ing the facts as stated by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, who lirst addressed the Senate, yet there
seems to be a difference of opinion as to the law
that applies to them. While I am not prepaied
to say that there has been exhibited here any suf-
ficient testimony to show any violation of the law
on the part of General Bowman, yet I must say
if this election is pressed at this time, I shall not
vote for him; and if no other Senator will do so,
I shall offer a resolution to investigate, ascertain,
and report the facts to the Senate. I think it
should be done. 1 think it is due to General Bow-
man, no less than to ourselves.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will give
way, I will renew the motion to adjourn. I think
it is hardly fair, as this matter is altogether on one
side of the House, and we take no particular in-
terest in it over here, that we should be kept here
so much beyond the usual hour of adjournment
to consider this question; and I will renew the
motion to atyourn if the Senator will allow me
Mr. CLAY. I will send up the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, let us see what
that is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
offered by the Senator from Alabama will be read.
The Secretary road it, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of three Senators,
be appointed by the Presiding Oflicer of the Senate to in-
vestigate, asecitain, and lupoit to the Senate all the facts
relating to the chaise made against George W. Bowman of
having violated the law under which he lately acted as Su
permtendent of the Public Piintme, by or under a contract
with Cornelius Wendell, or with anv other person.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President-  
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Maine will
pardon me for saying that I do not desire to be
appointed on that committee, and I hope I shall
not be. I do not want to be troubled with it.
Mr. GWIN. I want to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Alabama. He had better have
that resolution referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to say, if
Senators'will allow me, that it is very evident the
Senators on the other side of the Chamber have
a very considerable difference of opinion among
themselves as to the proper mode of proceeding,
which cannot be very well settled here in open
Senate and by discussion. I think, therefore,
in order to give them that opportunity, and to see
some chance of coming to a conclusion, we had
better adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator from Maine,
if we had not better raise the committee at once,
if it is to be done at all?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think before you agree
to raise that committee, you would have a very
considerable difference of opinion and debate. I
renew the motion to adjourn now, and let the
Senate decide it. «
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us see if we can get
a vote on this resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think not. The reso-
lution is evidently of such a character that it will
create very considerable difference of opinion.
Mr. FITCH. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the vote on the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Alabama can be taken
without any debate, I am willing to withdraw
my motion; but if it is to occasion debate, it is
evident we shall sit here a long while before we
settle the matter.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there is no disposition to
debate it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; I withdraw
my motion.
Mr. HALE. I hope the resolution of inquiry
will be wider. There are very broad charges
made here against General Bowman which, if
they are true, I think would as effectually.debar,
certainly, me from voting for him and 1 think.
many others, as the one relating to that contract
that he made in relation to the public printing. I
should like to know whether it was one of the
conditions of the contract by which the public
printing was disposed of that $20,000 was to be
paid to one paper, and $15,000 to another, and
$6,000 to another paper, and that that was done
with the knowledge and consent of the Attorney
General, though it is said that the rest of the Ad-
ministration did notknowit then—I think imply-
ing that they knew it immediately afterwards. I
think if there is going to be a committee of in-
vestigation, it had better not be confined to that-
later transaction of the $3,000. I look upon the
other as a more obnoxious and more disgraceful
charge altogether than the one which is involved
in the resolution; and I think if there is to be'an
inquiry, it ought to cover the whole ground.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the Sen-
ator to allow me one moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can refuse nothing to
the Senator from Arkansas, and especially so
small a matter as that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. A proposition
is made for an inquiry into this matter, and we all
know that if that inquiry be commenced it will
take a groat while. Every Senator is completely
awn re that we are compelled, in proceeding with
the public business, to have a Public Printer. I
believe that, under the law, the power exists to
' turn him out of office on any evidence at all of
moral obliquity of that character which unfits him
for the position; hut in this I may not be correct.
I am very certain, however, that whoever may be
elected, it is reserved to Congress—they have un-
doubtedly the power—to change the law, upset
the system, turn out the Printer, and adopt a new
and entirely different system.
I am also aware that the discussion that is taking
place to-day is a matter of regret among all true
and sound Democrats, and of rejoicing on the
other side of the Chamber. I not only know this,
but 1 feel contempt, if you will "allow me to say
so, for that spirit which could gloat on such state-
mentsas have been made to-day, and which would
seize an opportunity, if it were possible, because
some personal feeling may exist on this side, to
try to throw reproach on a whole party, where the
reproach itself, as I conscientiously believe, does
not exist morally even against the individual who
is named.
Now, arc we to have this discussion continued?
Is this state of affairs to go on? Senators on the
other side, I know full well—some of them, I do
not say all, and I do not think all—would be glad
that this should go on for more reasons than one.
It is sorrowful, and not only so, but beneath the
high character and just dignity of this body, that
such a feeling should exist in the breast of a single
man.
I know that if the proposition to have this in-
vestigation, which cannot be proceeded with ex-
cept by arresting an election, is to be carried on,
we are to be long delayed; and it is but a diver-
sion at last from the public business, as well as
from the serious and high public debates that
bring their crimes, for I regard them as crimes,
against the Constitution, the Union, and the coun-
try, to the notice of the public. It will arrest the
serious public discussion of them, and turn it off
on lesser, petty things. If there is a Democrat in
this body, I do not care on what side of this ques-
tion his feelings may be personally enlisted, who
will not insist on an immediate decision of this
question, that Democrat is not the man that I think
his own people could safely trust; he is not fit for
this place; his duties sink not on his heart with
