1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1499
establishment or creation of it, are very different
things.
Mr. LAMAR. That is just the point at which
I would like to put my question.
Mr. ETHERlDGE. Very well. 1 willhearyou.
Mr. LAMAR. I wish to know whether the
gentleman maintains and asserts the power of
Congress to punish slavery as a crime in the Ter-
ritories of the United States?
Mr. ETHERlDGE. I will answer the ques-
tion fully before I close—if not sooner, when I
come to state my reasons for consenting to vote
for the bill. I am now, however, endeavoring to
point out the difficulties some of my friends upon
the other side of the House may have in arriving
at a similar conclusion, for they may not be able
to discern them readily. [Laughter.] I desire this
great reform in Utah should bo effected, and I
shall go very far to accomplish it, but I will not
permit my friends on the other side "to go it
blindly." [Renewed laughter.]
But to return to this constitutional recognition
or guarantee of slavery. I say if this be true, and
you have, therefore, a constitutional right to your
negro-, yovi have the same light to your wife, to
your children, and to your apprentice. I repeat,
there is a great difference between the recognition
of a right or a thing, and the creation or establish-
ment of that thing or that right. Sir, the old thir-
teen States arc recognized by the Constitution;
but did the Constitution create them? The Con-
stitution recognizes certain rivers, bays and mount-
ains; but did the Constitution create, or make, or
establish them ? The Constitution recognizes for-
eign Powers—Powers which have existed for cen-
turies; but, I ask, did the Constitution create or
establish any one of these Powers, which it recog-
nizes in terms? It recognizes slavery by impli-
cation, in the same article in which it also recog-
nizes husband and wife, parent and child. Any
man who lives in a State where the common ^aw
of England prevails, may invoke the aid of the
Constitution or the law of Congress for the recla-
mation of his fugitive wife, child, or apprentice. I
repeat, that any man living in a State in which the
common.law of England has not been abolished,
may claim the provisions of the fugitive slave law
for the surrender of his fugitive wife, his minor
child, or his indentured apprentice, to the same
extent as the master who seeks to recapture his
slave. By the common law the relation between
parent ana child, master and apprentice, and mas-
ter and slave, is in kind almost identical, or the
same. The only difference that exists is in the de-
gree of power and authority, and the duration of
the reciprocal relations or duties they owe each
other.
Why, sir, your son owes you his service and
Labor until he is twenty-one yeais of age. You
owe him, in return, your protection and moral
training; and that is precisely the relation which
exists between you and your slave. The slave
owes yon his service and labor. There is this
difference, however; that the property in your
child, or your right to his servicc or labor, ceases
when he becomes twenty-one years of age; while
your property in your slave and your right to his
service and labor extend to the day of his death,
if he should be a slave for life. With this excep-
tion, your power in both eases is, in kind, about
the same. Your power over your child includes
the right to chastise him; and you may hire him
to another, if you please; but, as I have already
said, your right to his labor and your power of
control ceases when his minority ceases; while,
in the case of the slave, your control continues
during his life.
Now, sir, if your slave, your son, or your ap-
prentice, escapes from a State in which the com-
mon law prevails, into another State, you have
the same right, founded upon the same authority,
to pursue and rccapture the one as the other. The
proceeding is a simple one. In the case of the
child or apprentice, you would have to prove, be-
fore the commissioner who heard the ease, that,
by the law of the State whence they fled, you
were entitled to their labor or service, and that they
were fugitives; in which event, the father or the
master, as the case might be, would be entitled
to a surrender of the fugitive, precisely as m the
case of a slave. And so, no doubt, in regard to
the fugitive escaping from a State in which the
common law of England prevails.
Until within the last few years, the right of the
husband to chastise the wife for good cause
was recognized in many of the States, as a com-
mon law right; and now, wherever the common
law prevails, his right to her labor and to all her
earnings is still recognized as unqualifiedly as
the right of the master to the earnings of the slave;
and it must not be forgotten, that the common
law* was in force in all the States when the Fed-
eral Constitution was adopted. I say, therefore,
that the right recognized by the Constitution of
property in slaves is almost identical with the
right recognized by the same instrument of the
father or master to the apprentice or the child,or
of the husband to the custody, the labor, and the
earnings of the wife.
Now, sir, the relation between master and slave,
it should be remembered, is older than the Con-
stitution, and exists to-day in the southern States
of this Union upon a basis tenfold stronger and
more enduring than any supposed guarantees
found in the Constitution. If you place it upon
the rickety platform of the Constitution alone, I
warn you you are thereby throwing away your
strongest safeguards for its protection. The ob-
ject of that clause in the Constitution was merely
to secure', by compact between sovereign States,
the enforcement of a personal remedy for the re-
covery of fugitives, which, without the gi^rantee
of the Constitution, would have been left alone to
the comity of the States. If you hold your slaves
by virtue of the Constitution, instead of the laws
of the States, which in many cases arc older than
the Constitution, will you not have to look to the
Federal Government for protection to slave prop-
erty? And will you not thereby do yourselves
an ultimate injury, because of the abandonment
of the stronger position which I have always as-
sumed—that the Constitution carries slavery no-
where, and nowhere prohibits it. To show that
I am right, I put this case: if your slave escapes
from you, and does not go out of the State in
which you reside, you may invoke the Federal
Government—the fugitive slave law—till dooms-
day to capture him; but the Federal Government
will give you no relief until the slave passes be-
yond the jurisdiction m which he resides vito an-
other State, at which time the slave may be ar-
rested by authority of the Federal Government,
and not before. But the Federal Government
does not go beyond this. To this extent it goes,
and no further; because this is the full extent of
the recognition of slavery contained in the Con-
stitution . At this point the Constitution has per-
formed it full office, and beyond this you cannot
invoke its aid.
Mr. JENKINS. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee a question, for he has been
indulging in rather severe strictures upon the doc-
trines of the Democratic party. I understand the
gentleman to hold that my title to a slave which
I take into one of the Territories of the United
States is not derived from the laws of the State
from whence I come. What, I ask the gentleman,
is the source, from whence I derive the title to my
slave, then, if not from those laAvs?
Mr. ETHERlDGE. So far as regards any
strictures 1 may have indulged m upon the doc-
trines of the Democratic party, I say to the gen-
tleman that I have learned these doctrines.from
the teachings of that party, for I ha\e been for
years hunted down in my own State by the mem-
bers of that party for not acceding to their great dis-
covery of the right of the people of the Territories
" to form and regulate their domestic institutions
in their own way." I learned them some years
ago in this House, when they began their denun-
ciations against me for protesting against the re-
peal of the Missouri compromise at the time of
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
I denounced it in this House and elsewhere as
containing these odious features of which I now
speak—"squatter sovereigntyand for that I was
assailed in a spirit of bitterness by the Democratic
party. And, sir, my opposition to that Kansas-
Nebraska bill was not based altogether upon un-
selfish motives. I felt satisfied if that compro-
mise was broken down it could do the South no
good; it might produce much mischief. How was
it possible for the South, with its feeble numbers,
feeble in comparison with the North, to emigrate
to these Territories and compete successfully with
the millions of the North in a struggle for polit-
ical supremacy ? I was in favor of retaining that
compromise, which gave protection to the South
in all the Territories south of it. I sato1 then, as
clearly as I see now, that we could have no hope
in this sort of a contest—a contest in which soil,
climate, and a preponderance of population in the
free States, to say nothing of the foreign popula-
tion, of which there were then arriving about a
half a million a year, were to be encountered. I
was unwilling to provoke such a contest.
It cannot be forgotten that every acquisition of
territory by this country since the formation of the
Government, with but one exception, (Florida,)
has sooner or later provoked an angry agitation
of the slavery question. The first grew out of
the acquisition of the Territory of Louisiana. It
was renewed at the time of the annexation of
Texas; and again when wc conquered from Mex-
ico California, Utah, and New Mexico. The first
settlement of this slavery question was made for
the country known as the Louisiana Territory—
it was the Missouri compromise. On the appli-
cation for the admission of Missouri an angry
controversy arose, which I will refer to only to
say that it was settled by the compromise of 1820.
The annexation of Texas produced other dan-
gers, and provoked additional agitation, which
was, however, happily adjusted by extending the
Missouri compromise through that State at the
time of admitting it into the Unio«. Subsequent
to this, we acquired Utah, New Mexico, and Cal-
ifornia, as I have stated, when this disturbing ele-
ment again provoked angry wrangling and debate.
The struggle ended, however, as we all know, in
the compromise measures of 1850, which were re-
garded as a finality; which wc were assured were
to be a final settlement of the whole subject. Thus
wc see that whenever the Union of the States has
been endangered, as it was at each of these pe-
riods, the dangers which were then impending
were in each instance arrested by a compromise,
regarded as honorable by all parties at the time.
It is historically true that each of these compro-
mises was sanctioned and approved by the most
distinguished men of all parties; that they restored
and maintained peace between the North and the
South, and that peace was never so seriously en-
dangered as when the Democratic party, in 1854,
repealed the oldest and most venerated of all these
compiomises,and inauguwited their new dogma of
popular sovereignty in the Territories. Out of it
has grown the present unhappy condition of pub-
lic affairs. To it alone do I trace the great politi-
cal evils of the day. We all feel and know that
these things are so. I have never regarded the
mode of settling the slavery question so import-
ant as letting it alone after it is settled. You
settled it in 1840.
Mr. SINGLETON. I want to know exactly
what is the gentleman's position, and I hope he
will let me propound an interrogatory to him.
Mr. ETHERlDGE. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SINGLETON. I understand the gentle-
man to say, that every man who votes for this bill
admits the power of Congress to regulate slavery
in the Territories, to abolish it, to drive it out of
the Territories if it should be deemed proper to
do so. Do I understand the gentleman'correct-
ly? I hope the gentleman will give me a straight-
forward answer. I am a frank man. I have put
a plain question, and I hope the gentleman will
answer it in the same spirit.
Mr. ETHERlDGE. I will give the gentleman
an answer, and I may mix up the answer with a
little Democracy. [Laughter.] In my judgment,
the power to regulate this question of adultery or
polygamy in the Territories, and which this bill
applies to white people, may with equal propriety
be applied to the negro, if Congress should think
proper to do so. This bill involves a concession
of the power.
Mr. SINGLETON. That is not an answer.
Mr. ETHERlDGE. If Congress can, by a sys-
tem of" unfriendly legislation," disturb or inter-
fere with the domestic relations of the white race,
it can, in my judgment, interfere with the domes-
tic relations of the negro race. I say, if Congress
can, by imposing a fine of &500 and imprison-
ment for two years, punish white men for the of-
fense of polygamy, as provided by the bill, it
may certainly extend the provisions of the bill
and embrace adultery as an offense, and punish
all persons who may perpetrate the offense. If
we may do the one, certainly we have power to
do the other. Whoever votes for this bill must,
therefore, do so with the express or implied admis-
