1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
sion that Congress has power to punish all of-
fensesuf this kind in the Territories, without refer-
ence to the persons who may be found guilty of
the offense.
If Congress should hereafter become perverse
enough to attempt such " unfriendly legislation,"
and make the application to slaves in the organ-
ized Territories, I apprehend this bill will be cited
as a precedent for such " unfriendly legislation"
against slavery. Should the attempt over be made,
I have too much respect for the fairness and lib-
erality of the great body of the American people,
of my countrymen, to believe that a controlling
majority can ever be found in Congress who will
seize this as a pretext to adopt any such annoy-
ing legislation in regard to slaves in the Territo-
ries—the common property of all the people. I
shall not withhold my approval of this bill be-
cause of any fears I Have of any such result, as
1 have said that this is a concession of the power
of Congress to interdict slavery in the Territories
by " unfriendly legislation."
Mr. SINGLETON. There is a good deal of
circumlocution about the gentleman's answer. I
have made the sincerest efforts to understand the
gentleman, und I do not understand him yet. I
put it to him in all candor whether, by voting for
this bill, as he says he intends to do, he thereby
publishes to the world thatherecogmzes the power
of Congress to abolish slavery in the Territories
whenever it may think proper?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have repeatedly stated
that I was in favor of driving this nauseating and
disgusting crime of polygamy from the face of the
earth. I desire to see it accomplished speedily.
I am not only ill favor of doing it; I will claim, sir,
the power to do so. I have already admitted that
in doing so, in legal effect, wc ore making a con-
cession of the power of Congress over the Terri-
tories; which, by an extension of the principle,
can be made to embrace and affect negroes as well
as white people; and that the only guarantee I
have against the use of any such power ill the
future, to the prejudice of the slaveholder in the
Territories, is m the good sense and liberality and
forbearance of Congress in withholding the " un-
friendly legislation" to which I have alluded.
Mr. SINGLETON. You have declared every
man upon this side of the House who votes for
this bill recognizes the power of Congress to
abolish slavery in, or to exclude slavery from, the
Territories. Do you publish to the world that
that is the position you assume when you vote
for the bill ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If Congress is disposed
to pass " unfriendly legislation" in regard to the
social intei course and domestic relations of the
white people of Utah, it may, I apprehend, ex-
tend its action, and include black people also.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MILLSON. I have a single question. The
gentleman says if this beextcndeil to white people
it may be extended to black people in the Terri-
tories. 1 put it to the gentleman whether there is
any sort of objection to applying it to black men
and black women in the Territories, who arc free,
and capable of contracting marriage ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. None in the world. I
understand the very basis of this legislation to be
that polygamy is offensive to the moral sense and
the enlightened spirit of the age. It is offensive to
religion.
Mr. PRYOR. As I have already indicated, I
propose to vote for tins bill. The honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee declares that he regards
the vote of every gentleman who supports this
bill as tantamount to an acknowledgment of the
right of Congress to abolish slavery in the Ter-
ritories. That may be true of that gentleman, end
of course it is true, because what he imputes to us
he must declare for himself; but I wish to repu-
diate the proposition so far as I am concerned,
and to say that I observe a distinction between
slavery and polygamy under the Constitution.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I know that the honor-
able gentleman does, for he has stated it. I am
only speaking for myself.
Mr. PRYOR. Very well, then. Let that be
understood.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Of course I am not re-
sponsible for the opinions of others.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question. My question is, whether
the gentleman asserts the power, the constitu-
tional competency, of Congress to declare and
punish slavery in the Territories as a felony or a
crime?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I say, sir, that I admit
the power of Congress to legislate over the black
population in these Territories with reference to
the very same offenses that Congress assumes to
legislate about where the white people of a Ter-
ritory are concerned. I say that while this bill
upon its face does not embrace negroes who are
slaves, yet that Congress has the power, accord-
ing to the principles of this bill, either to increase
the number of offenses or to extend the punish-
ment contemplated to negroes who are slaves.
Every man must know that this legislation is
based upon the idea that this illicit association of
the people of Utah is subversive of good morals,
and offensive in the sight of God ana man.
My friend from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] re-
ferred a while ago to the marriage of slaves. 1
have here the authority to sustain the statement
I made 
Mr. LAMAR. Before the gentleman goes to
that, I will put a question to him.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. One thing at a time.
Mr. LAMAR. 1 am so much indebted to the
gentleman for the clear answer he has given me,
that I jKant to put another question to him.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman will par-
don me. I have, I understand, but a few minutes
more of my time left.
I will read an extract from the law book I hold
in my hand upon the point I referred to in refer-
ence to the marriage of slaves. Marriage is de-
fined as follows:
"A contract made n> due form of taw, by which a free
man and a free woman engage to live with each other dur-
ing their joint lives, in the union which ought to exist be-
tween husband and wife. By the terms free man and free
v-ojitan, m this definition,are meant, not only that tiiey arc
/rcr, end not slarcs, hut also that they are clear of ail bars
to a lawful marriage."
Mr. MALLORY. Which case is that ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Here is a list of cases
cited in the authority from which I read, almost
as long as Pennsylvania avenue, and the gentle-
man can take his choice of them. [Laughter.]
I read from Bouvier's Law Dictionary.
I am reminded, Mr. Speaker, that I have but
five minutes of my hour left. I have submitted
gracefully to interruptions. I know that it is
an ungrateful task to unfold to any political party
the dangers which are involved in astep itis thus
forced to take. I shall not be surprised, if we
postpone a vote on this bill for a day or two, to
find my opinions sustained by many of the most
cautious and intelligent leaders of the Demo-
cratic party.
1 know many gentlemen are not willing to deny
the legal conclusions fairly to be drawn from the
principles conceded by this bill. I put it to gen-
tlemen whether they are not bound to admit that
by the passage of this bill they surrender, to a
great extent, the controverted question of the
power of Congress.over the Territories; or, rather,
the power to reach slavery by " unfriendly legis-
lation ?"
I vote for the bill upon the ground that the moral
sense of my constituents of all parties demands it.
I think posterity is interested in the extirpation of
Mormonism in Utah. I am aware that there are
various amendments pending, intended ordesigned
to avoid the force of the view I have presented.
My friend from North Carolina, [Mr. Br inch,]
whom I have referred to already, will admit, if
called upon, that the object of his amendment is
to obviate the difficulty I have named, and escape
a direct vote upon the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I will say in response to the
gentleman from Tennessee, that I had no such
object in view as the dodging of any portion of
the bill. My object was effectually to root out
polygamy in Utah; and, to remove any suspicion
the gentleman may have that I desire, either for
myself or my friends, to dodge this bill, I tell him
now, sir, distinctly, that I will never vote for the
first section of that bill; that polygamy may con-
tinue to exist in Utah before I will vote to eradi-
cate it by means of the first section of the bill.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman is willing
to take the responsibility and vote against it. He
is a kind man, and felt some sympathy for his
friends; and, sir, the,amendment offered by him
was designed to give his friends a narrow gang-
way upon which to escape from the wreck of the
dangers behind them. I am sure that the amend-
ment was kindly meant on his part, and offered
in order that his Democratic friends, or some of
them, might have a chance to avoid an inconsist-
ent position which would be obvious were they
to vote for this bill with a knowledge, as they
already have, of the effect of its provisions, and
the concession it makes to the power of Congress
over the Territories.
I am willing to take' all the responsibility in
voting for this bill. This is a great exigency
which demands it. It is wrong to surrender that
large Territory, to become in future time another
Sodom and Gomorrah. I repeat, I will vote for
this bill or any other which is sufficiently strin-
gent to strike at the root of this acknowledged
evil—this admitted crime.
Mr. TAYLOR obtained the floor, and spoke
for an hour, in answer to the argument of Mr.
Millson. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
During its delivery the following proceedings
took place:
Mr. NELSON, (interrupting.) Mr. Speaker,
several gentlemen have been inquiring whether a
vote is to be taken on this bill this evening. I
understand that a number of gentlemen desire to
discuss it; and, with the permission of the gentle-
man from Louisiana, I wish simply to say that
so far as I am concerned, I shall not attempt to
press a Vote upon it this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give gentlemen notice that
this subject cannot be reached to-morrow in the
regular order, and cannot be for a week to come;
so that if it is to be disposed of at all, it should be
disposed of to-day. There are special orders ex-
tending from this day for at least two weeks.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I hope the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Tennessee will be
adopted by the House, that no vote betaken this
evening, and that the discussion be permitted to
proceed.
Mr. PHELPS. It we cannot dispose of it to-
day, and if special orders intervene, letitgo over
till another time.
Mr. TAYLOR. Gentlemen can settle this ques-
tion after I get through.
Mr. T. continued his remarks.
Mr. PRYOR, (interrupting.) Mr. Speaker, it
is now four o'clock, and as it is evident that my
friend from Louisiana is somewhat exhausted,
I will move an adjournment, if ho will yield the
floor for that purpose. He has spoken half an
hour, and he can occupy the residue of his hour
to-morrow morning.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. PRYOR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BRANCH. There are a great many gen-
tlemen who desire to speak upon this question;
and if the gentleman from Louisiana can conve-
niently go on with his speech, 1 think it would
be better that he should do so. I believe it has
been announced that there will be no vote called
for on this bill this evening. I know the fact that
there are a great many members who desire to
speak—many more than can speak to-morrow;
and if the gentleman from Louisiana can, with
any sort of convenience, go on this evening, I
think it would be greatly preferable; so that we
may get off as many speeches as we can to-day,
and be able to take a vote to-morrow evening1.
Mr. CRAWFORD. There is a special order
set for to-morrow—the bill for the admission of
Kansas.
Mr. BURNETT. That is a mistake. The
Kansas bill was not made a special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the Kansas bill was made a special
order. It was postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think the chairman of
the Committee on Territories supposed that it was
made a special order.
The SPEAKER. It will come up in its order,
The Chair does not see how it can take prece-
dence of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say that this bill
stands in the way of every other bill until it is dis-
posed of; and there is no doubt that if we adjourn
now, this bill will come up to-morrow, and will
be debated all day to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That is the idea the Chair
entertains.
