1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we might as well
go on with the debate to-night as at any other
time, and exhaust it. Gentlemen can speak till
ten or eleven o'clock, if they choose, and then let
the previous question be called, and the vote be
taken to-morrow. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn, if it is insisted on.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw the motion to adjourn.
The gentleman having charge of the bill has al-
ready entered into an understanding, I believe,
that the vote will not be taken until to-morrow
evening—that the previous question will not be
called till then.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Virginia withdraw his motion ?
Mr. PRYOR. If the yeas and nays are to be
called, of course, I will withdraw it.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the unanimeus consent
of the House that the amendment which I had
read to-day may be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman from Virginia
has withdrawn the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
Mr. LAMAR. I hope the suggestion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that this
debate shall continue to-day until it is exhausted,
and that we shall have a vote to-day, will not be
adopted. I presume that there has been before
this Congress no measure of such importance as
this bill, and there is no measure upon which
hurried legislation will involve us in graver diffi-
culties than upon this very question of polygamy
in Utah. I hope that the discussion will not be
hurried, and that the action of this body will not
be hasty upon it, for we may be involved in con-
sequenccs from which extrication hereafter will
be impossible.
"Why, Mr. Speaker, this question of polygamy
is not the question of a day. It has sprung up
there, and taken root in the life of the people
there. It constitutes a pait of their social polity,
and this is very little less than a proposition to
declare an entire community guilty of a felony.
Sir, it is a grave and momentous question. I am
prepared to meet it boldly, in the spirit of en-
larged patriotism, and not in the spirit of party
feeling, which has animated some of the appeals
on the subject. I hope the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio will not be adopted, but that
the discussion will go on; and I, therefore, renew
the motion for an adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. My proposition Avas, not
that there should be a vote to-night, but simply
that the debate should proceed till a later hour
than this, and that at a proper hour to-morrow,
which can be agreed upon, a vote shall be taken.
Mr. ADRAIN. I would say, in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, that if there is to be no vote
to-night, but the discussion is to go on, a great
many gentlemen will leave, and we shall have no
audicnce.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is no object
in discussing this subject to empty benches.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the House
will not refuse to treat this subject with its usual
deliberation. It is a subject which is very inter-
esting, and moreover very important, and gen-
tlemen ought to have an opportunity of consider-
ing it. There are many here who nave not had
that opportunity. I trust, therefore, that the
House will adjourn.
Mr. LAMAR. I now insist on my motion.
Mr. BRANCH. Let me ask the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] if he proposes to
call the previous question on this bill to-morrow?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Oh, no; no pre-
vious question to-morrow. 9
Mr. BRANCH. Is it the purpose of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to call the previous ques-
tion to-morrow ?
Mr. NELSON. My desire is 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I believe I have the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Taylor] has the
floor.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have yielded for a motion to
adjourn; but I am willing that the gentleman from
Tennessee shall be heard.
Mr. NELSON. 1 wish to detain the House but
two minutes, and no longer. I wish simply to
say that I concur in the views presented by the
gentleman from Mississippi, and others. This is
a bill of great magnitude; and it ought to be
passed, if passed at all, carefully and consider-
ately, and after a liberal amount of discussion,
both on the part of those in favor of it and of those
who are opposed to it. If I find, to-morrow, that
gentlemen have addressed the House who desire
to do so, it is my wish to call the previous ques-
tion at four o 'clock, or at such other time as may
suit the convenience of the House, but not until
there has been a full discussion of the question.
Mr. JENKINS. I suggest to the gentleman
that if he does not call the previous question, until
the day after to-morrow there will then be time
for only six hour speeches.
Mr. NELSON, So far as I am concerned, I
am in favor of free discussion, and opposed to
gag-laws of every kind. In my very heart of
hearts I dislike this'previous question, if I may
say so without offense to the House. I am op-
posed to the one hour rule, and all such things. I
am in favor of free discussion in a free assemblage
of Representatives such as this is. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is already pend-
ing-
MOTIONS TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. MILLSON. Before the question is taken
on the motion to adjourn, I desire to enter two
privileged motions. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House concurred in the adverse
report of the Court of Claims upon the petition
of Nathaniel Riddick, administrator of Colonel
Willis Riddick.
1 move, also, to reconsider the vote by which
the bill for the relief of Margaret Whitehead was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
The motions were entered, and passed over for
the present
REPORT ON PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a report from the Superintendent
of the Public Printing; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The question being upon the motion that the
House adjourn,
Mr. SHERMAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the motion
will be withdrawn. It will only be consuming
half an hour unnecessarily.
Tellers were called for on the yeas and nays,
and ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope, if the gentleman
from Louisiana can go on without inconvenience
to-night, he will do so. It is useless to consume
time by calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it can be the understand-
ing of the House that the vote shall be taken
upon this bill to-morrow, I am willing to with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ADRAIN. I object to any such under-
standing.
Mr. REAGAN. If the gentleman from Louis-
iana does not desire to go on to-night, I should
like to consume about ten or fifteen minutes in
explaining my amendment.
Mr. ADRAIN. I believe the motion to ad-
journ h'\s not been withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. It has not, and no debate is
in order. The Chair appoints Mr. Burnett and
Mr. Branch as tellers, on ordering the yeas and
nays.
'the House divided; and the tellers reported
forty in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Lamar's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the Negative—yeas 56,
nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Barksdale, Bocock, Botelcr,
Branch, Briggs, Bristow, Buicli, Burnett, John B. Clark,
Cox, James Craig,Crawford, Ctmy, II. Winter Davis, De
Jarnette, Florence, Garnctt, Ilatton, Ilindman, Houston,
Jackson, Jones, Kilgore, Lamar, Logan, Love, Charles D.
Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynaul, McClcrnand, Million,
Montgomery, Sydenham Mooie, Isaac N. Morris. Nelson,
Niblacfc, Phelps, Piyor, Pugh, Quarlcs, Reagan, James C.
Robinson, Scott, Sirams, Singleton, William Smith, Wil-
liam N. II Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, Jams:* A. Stew-
art, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Yallandigham, and Vance
—56.
NAYS—5Iessv3. Cliarles F. Adams, Green Adams, Al-
dneh, Allen, Alley, William C. Andeison, Ashley, Babbitt,
Barr, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brabson, Braytozi, Butfinton,
ButtcrfieJd, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Horace F. Clark,
Clopton, Cobb, Colfax, Conklmg, Covode, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Gooch,GurJcy,
Hale, Hall, John T. Harris, Helmick, Hoard, iloiman,
Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, Kenyon, Lee, Lovejoy,
Mallory, Marston, McKean, McKnight, Laban T. Moore,
Morrill, Morse, Olin, Palmer, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Rice,
Biggs, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stokes, Tappan, Theaker,
Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Walton,
Cadwalader C.Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburn, e, Israel
Washburn, Wells, and Windom—82.
So the House refused to adjourn. *
During the call of the roll,
Mr. THOMAS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Avf.ry, had paired with Mr. Killincer, from
Thursday, "March 29, until Wednesday, April 4;
also, that his colleague, Mr. Wright,had paired
with Mr. Millward, from Friday, March 30,
until Monday, April 9, at twelve o clock.
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Burniiam had
paired with Mr. Sickles; also, that Mr. Ferry
mid paired with Mr. Maclay; also, that Mr.
Loomis had paired with Mr. Davis, of Indiana;
also, that ho [Mr. Frank] had paired on this vote
with Mr. McRae.
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ruffin, was detained at his room by sickness.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Gartrell, was unwell, and had paired with
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
The vote was thenannounced as above recorded.
Mr. TAYLOR then resumed, and concluded
his remarks.
Mr. McCLERNAND obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. BURNETT, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
fifteen minutes before five o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Tuesuat, Jlpril 3,1860
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of the
agents of the State of Virginia, to recover from
the United States all interest, arrears of interest,
or other moneys due that State on account of ad-
vances made to the General Government, and
praying an appropriation to pay the same; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANE presented the memoiial of Major
Benjamin Alvord,apaymasterin the United States
Army, praying that the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury he authorized to credit him with
$14,000 of public funds lost by the shipwreck of
the steamship Northerner, on the 5th January,
1860; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of the
heirs of Charles Webber, a lieutenant in the rev-
olutionary array, praying to be allowed a pension
or bounty land, and any arrearages that said Web-
ber or his widow were entitled to; which was re-
ferredto the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented the
petition of James A. Martin and others, asking
the restoration of deficiencies of land granted to
the railroad from Memphis to Little Rock; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
TAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of E. George Squier, praying
to be allowed the balance of salary and outfits due him as
charge d'affaires to the republics of Central America, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Gillum Baley and W. R.
Baley. for'indemnity for losses resulting from the depreda-
tions of the Mohave Indians, on the files of the Senate, be
ief«ired to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
it was
Ordered, That the documents relating to the claim of the
legal representatives of JoimDonelson, Stephen Heard, and
others, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill (S. No 365) to provide a tem-
