1860.
mE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
been on the line of the thirtyTsixth parallel, west
of the Mississippi
Mr. FRENCH. I never have been.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then you do not know
whether there is yellow fever there?
Mr. FRENCH. I have been in .the habit of
reading doleful stories of the travelers who have
attempted to cross by that way.
Mr. HAMILTON. Will the gentleman tell
me the name of one of the travelers whose dole-
ful stories he has read?
Mr. FRENCH. I do not recollect the name,
but I refer the gentleman to the report of one of
the officers of the Government; engaged in the ex-
ploration of a route.
Mr. HAMILTON. I do not think you can
find any one who does recollect the name.
Mr. FRENCH. I was going on to remark,
when interrupted, that if the gentleman -from
Missouri could show a practicable pass through
the mountains for his imaginary route, which
he would have us believe exists by the way of
the Pike's Peak gold region and through the
Carson valley, I am sure it would afford me great
pleasure to go for his proposition. But there is
nothing now in the bill as it stands to prevent the
adoption of such a route, provided such a route
shall be found to be practicable. The truth is,
that the passes in these mountains have been dis-
covered by hunters, by trappers, and by Indian
traders, who have ranged from one end of the
country to the other in search of furs and to find
passes to communicate, across with the western
valleys. The line of emigration follows the one
of these which has been regarded as the best one;
it has been pursued for years and years by them,
and they are to be presumed to know better than
any member of this House can know, from per-
sonal observation, whether there are such passes
as the gentleman speaks of or not. We have no
reports f^oni any actual surveys; we have no re-
ports from any explorations upon which we can
suppose that that hypothesis is a true one; nor
even from trappers or Indians. If there is sucli
a route, under this bill you can occupy it, and the
country can have the benefit and advantage to be
derived from it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have occupied a great
deal more time than I supposed I should when I
rose to reply to thegentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith.] I have been drawn off from the line of
remark which had suggested itself to me while he
was speaking, and I have omitted many things to
which I might refer. I will,not occupy your time
further than to say that I believe that upon this
subject the country is alive; that its greatest in-
terests are involved in the success of tiie project;
and that the line of road which Has been adopted
by the committee and presented in this bill is the
route which is the best calculated to accomplish
the results which are designed to be accomplished
by the construction of the road.
Mr. Hamilton obtained the floor.
Mr. BRABSON. I ask the gentleman from
Texas to yield to me for the purpose of introduc-
ing an amendment.
Mr. Hamilton yielded the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to the in-
troduction of any more amendments. We have
already lost trace of the question before the House.
Mr. BRABSON. I have the floor, and 1 desire
to introduce an amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON. I wish it understood that
I have no objection to the introduction of the
amendment which the gentleman from Tennessee
proposes, provided it does not exclude me from
the privilege of the floor.
Mr. BRABSON. I do not ask the floor for the
purpose of debate. I merely wish to introduce
an amendment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wasuburn,
of Maine, in the chair.) It may be received as
an amendment to the substitute of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] and may be con-
sidered in its place when that comes up for con-
sideration.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What is now the
question before the House? To what subject is
the discussion to be directed ?
Mr. CURTIS. Allow me to say a word. I
wish the House to understand that t am under a
pledge and promise to press this bill to a fmal de-
termination at four o'clock this afternoon. That
was the agreement when two days were assigned
for its consideration, and I feel myself bound,
therefore, to try to bring the matter to a final de-
termination at that hour. I hope the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Hamilton,] who was the first
to offer an amendment to the bill, may get a vote
upon his amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to give
notice that, as there are so many amendments
pending, and notone half of them can be acted on,l
shall move to recommit the bill and all the amend-
ments to the select committee, with leave to re-
port at any time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the chairman of
the select committee is disposed to take the course
which he has indicated, I shall press the point of
order. There are various substitutes proposed to
the bill, and substitutes being proposed, amend-
ments to the bill itself are first to be disposed of,
and first to be spoken to. The friends of the ori-
ginal bill are entitled to attempt to perfect it be-
fore the substitutes can be considered and spoken
to. If the gentleman from Iowa will give us time
to consider this question, I shall be glad that every
gentleman on the floor, who desires to speak, shall
be heard; and, at all events, I am very desirous
of hearing the gentleman from Texas, who now
has the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON. I regret to hear from the
gentleman from Iowa that he is pledged to call
for final action on the important measure now be-
fore us at four o 'clock. I would say to him, that
if that is his determination, and if a full oppor-
tunity is not given to the friends of the proposi-
tion which is embraced in my amendment to con-
sider and discuss it, he will find a great many
upon this side of the House arrayed against the
whole measure.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman will understand
that it is not a matter within my "own control. If
it were possible, 1 would be willing that this ques-
tion should be discussed for a week.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 do not mean it person-
ally to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. CURTIS. It was the understanding of
the House that the previous question should be
called at four o'clock to-day.
Mr. HAMILTON. Well, if the House is so
unreasonable as to want to press action upon a
measure of this importance without discussion,
and without the various propositions being ma-
turely considered, I, for one, am against the whole
thing.
Mr. CURTIS. I am anxious that the whole
question should be discussed; but the gentleman
is aware that wo arc under a pressure here. Every
one here wants something done, and the session
is drawing to a close.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Asa friend of this
measure, 1 desire to say that I hope the discus-
sion will be continued this evening as late as pos-
sible, and then we can take the vote.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE 1 raised the point
of order, which 1 signified to the Chair, not in
hostility to the bill, but in pure friendship. We
on the eastern sea-board have quite as much in-
terest in the success of this railroad as gentlemen
from the far West.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Texas will proceed.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, the first
question presented whenever a proposition to con-
nect the two sections of this Union upon the At-
lantic and the Pacific sea-boards is made, is with
reference to the constitutional difficulty in the way
of Congress providing for the construction of a Pa-
cific railroad. If I had the time, it would afford me
much pleasure to interchange opinions with those
who differ with me upon the question of consti-
tutional power. I have claimed to be a strict con-
structionist of the Constitution of the United
States, and I have always been opposed to this
department of the Government exercising any
doubtful power; and if I could bring myself to
the conclusion that we had not the power, in the
language of the Constitution itself, to provide for
the common defense and the general welfare of
the countiy,as well by the construction of a rail-
road from the Atlantic to the Pacific States as by
the adoption of any other means, I would at once
conclude that the Constitution of the country was
a failure in itself, and did not confer the necessary
powers upon the several departments of the Gov-
ernment to attain the great objccts contemplated
by the framers of that instrument.
The inexorable hour rule, the impatience of the
House, and the time that has already been con-
sumed, will not allow me to enter upon this dis-
cussion; but I assume (and I know I can do if
with perfect safety, so far as the feelings and
judgment of every friend of this measure are con-
cerned) that the constitutional power has beeft
conceded to the extent of engaging the Govern-
ment in furnishing information for the promotion
of the object we have in view. If, sir, we have
no power to promote the great objects m view in
that manner, in what way can we do it? How
shall we proceed to secure the great commercial
interests that we all believe the future will devel-
op ? How shall wo secure the great objccts of
the speedy transportation of troops, munitions of
war, or the carrying on of the postal arrange-
ments between this and the Pacific States, unless
we achieve it by means of the accomplishment of
a Pacific railroad or railroads?
I will not waste my time, sir, because it is too
precious, in arguing the question whether we have
the power. So far from its being a question of
power now" in the minds of the politicians in the
country, of all parties, it is a mere question of
policy on the part of the country; and let me say
right here, that I have reflected, since this-discus-
sion has been had here, that the politicians of the
country are not in advance of the people upon this
subject, but are really following in the wake. The
people have long been in advance of all of the po-
litical parties in this country on the subjoct of the
establishment of a railroad connection between the
two sections of the country. ^It is indicated in all
of our conventions, Democratic, Republican, and,
for want of a better name, the Baltimorean, for I
do not know the name of the party which met
there and presented candidates for the Presidency
and Vice Presidency.
A Member. National Whig.
Mr. HAMILTON. I thought that party was
defunct.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. It is called
the Constitutional Union party.
Mr. HAMILTON. Thank you. Even that
party does not oppose a Pacific railroad. And,
Mr. Speaker, this House was sufficiently imbued
with the importance of this great enterprise to au-
thorize the appointment of a select committee to
report on the various propositions made or to be
made for the connection of the two sections of the
country by railroad. When we met in commit-
tee, the North and the South and the middle section
of the country all being represented, an effort was
made to deal fairly with every section, and to em-
brace all of the great interests of the country iii
the enterprise. But, sir, it was like every other
proposition that has been submitted to this Con-
gress, from the day of its organization down to
tiie present moment, the South, being in the mi-
nority, had to yield, or, not yielding gracefully,
was overpowered.
The only proposition that has been submitted
by the majority of that committee is for a Pacific
railroad; but to what end? Gentlemen on the
other side will pardon me for saying that it pre-
sents to my mind but a single idea, and that is,
not so much to facilitate the great commercial in-
terests of the country, or to confer power to resist
our enemies in time of war; not so much for the
protection of the people of the country; not so
much to facilitate the transportation of troops and
munitions of war; not so much for t^e purpose of
facilitating postal arrangements between the two
sections of the country, as for the sole purpose of
giving supremacy to one section of the country
to the detriment and injury of the other. I know
how far selfishness enn warp the most just and
discriminating- minds; and I tell gentlemen—I
warn them to-day—that if they do not want to
array the South m deadly and determined hostil-
ity, they had better not push them to extremities.
I am not here, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of
being an alarmist. I am not hero for the purpose
of pieaching disunion; I have never preached it.
1 have my life long opposed those who have
preached it. But it is not to be disguised longer
that, in view of all that has transpired during the
present Congress; in view of the fact that it is
proposed to give away the public domain, (and
we all know thatit will result in the promotion of
northern interests, to the detriment of the South;)
in view of the fact that our people upon- the bor-
ders are suft'ering from a savage foe, while you
