2446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
persistently refuse to give one dollar for the de-
fense of those borders, no matter what the exi-
gencies may be; while you refuse to grant that
power shall be placed in the hands of the Presi-
dent of the United States, who is the commandor-
in-chicf of the Army and Navy, to extend aid to
a portion of the southern border; it is not to be
disguised, that while that has been done it is pro-
posed here to give $60,000,000of thepublic money
to build up the commerce of the North, by a rail-
road to the Pacific, superinducing the trade of the
Old World; the trade of Japan, of the Sandwich
Islands, of Oceanica, of Asia, and of the whole
World. It is proposed that ail, all is to be con-
centrated in the North, and that all the public
money of this Government is to be expended for
thispurpose—is toconcenterin the North. Where
does the public money come from? Time will not
permit me to show that, under the operation of
the tariff bill which has been passed by this House,
most of it must come from the South, and every
intelligent man knows it. It is the South that
pays the revenue to the Government, and the
South will furnish most of this §60,000,000.
Mr. FRENCH. We eat and we wear some of
the productions of the South.
Mr. HAMILTON. Yes; and you would eat
more and wear more if we would furnish it all to
you. You could afford lo do it. Gentlemen may
think of this measure as they choose, and put
their own estimate upon the effect which may be
produced upon the people of the South, yet I
tell them, (though I have never yet seen cause to
denounce the Union,and have long adhered to it,
through evil and good report,) if the bill of the
majority of the committee shall pass this and the
other branch of Congress, I, for one, would be
flad, not only to see this Congress dissolved, but
would be willing to dissolve what little connec-
tion I have with this Government, and go to my
own, my adopted country, and tell my people to
take care of themselves, as they have no longer
equality of rights m the union of this Government.
Is not the fact too manifest for argument?
I have not the time now to review all the facts
connected with this matter; but I will say that if
the route proposed by the majority of the com-
mittee was the best in any essential degree; if it
were the besWor any purpose, either for military
defense or for the promotion of the commerce of
the country; if it was the best calculated to ce-
ment the Union which now exists, I would not re-
sist it. But there is not a discriminating mind that
does not know that, without reference to distance,
without reference to climate, without reference to
the facilities of construction, without any sort of
regard to the topography or cost of construction,
it lias been determined upon, simply because a
majority of the committee were interested m hav-
ing a route further north than would suit the
region of country in which my lot has been cast.
I am willing to contrast with gentlemen the ques-
tion of superiority of routes. I do not take what
was said in committee; I do not take the isolated
opinion of any man here; but I take the author-
ity furnished to the Government, and to every
man in it, by those men who have been intrusted
by the Government with the duty of surveying
all the proposed routes for a railroad from the
Atlantic to the Pacific; and upon that information
I am ready to compare the feasibility of the south-
ern route with any other that has been proposed.
Without detaining the House with readipgthe
report, I wall give the result; and I especially
challenge gentlemen upon the other side of the
House to successfully question any solitary fact
in that report presented; and if they cannot do
that, upon what ground will they propose to con-
fer $60,000,000 upon a company to build a road
upon the forty-first parallel of latitude, when we
propose to build a road upon the thirty-second
parallel for $23,000,000 ? That is all wc ask; and
we want no more. If we cannot build it for that,
we cannot build it at all; and yet you say your
road will require $60,000,000.
Mr. CURTIS. I believe that in the commit-
tee'the southern route asked $30,000,000; but the
rate per mile which they asked would amount
to more than $70,000,000. But I would ask the
honorable gentlemen further, if their proposition
does not include a very large grant of mineral
lands, especially m Arizona?
Mr. HAMILTON. It expressly excludes
everything of that sort.
Mr. CURTIS. Does it not ask for land?
Mr. HAMILTON. Yes; but not of mineral
lands.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman will find that
mineraMands are not excluded; and more than
that, that it takes a very wide strip of land.
Mr. HAMILTON. How wide ?
Mr. CURTIS. Fifty miles wide, through Ari-
zona.
Mr. HAMILTON. If the gentleman from
Iowa had examined my bill, as I have his, he
would find that it asks nothing of the sort.
Mr. CURTIS. In regard to land, I would ask
the gentleman how much does his bill ask through
Arizona r
Mr. HAMILTON. We ask for less land and
for less money than is asked for any of yourroads.
Mr. CURTIS. Men may offer to do this work
for a great deal less than they can accomplish it
for. They should ask enough to build the work.
Mr. HAMILTON. The proposition of the
gentleman from Iowa, therefore, amounts to this:
that the company which asks the most money
and land will be most likely to build the road.
That is a strange argument, but it is in keeping
with the whole proposition of the gentleman from
Iowa and of the majority of the committee. It
is true to the purpose which seems to have been
in the mind of a majority of the committee, that
the most expensive road, that the road least cal-
culated to benefit the country, is the one which
should be adopted to the exclusion of all others.
The most money, the most land, the most inhos-
pitable climate, the leastprotection to the exposed
frontiers of the country, North and South, were
considerations which induced the majority of the
committee to adopt this road, as the only Simon
Pure road, to the exclusion of all others.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to correct the* gentleman
as to the amount of land which this bill calls for.
Mr. HAMILTON. I have not yielded to the
gentleman; and I shall not.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 only wish to say that his bill
calls for a strip of land eighty miles wide in Ar-
izona.
Mr HAMILTON. The gentleman will have
an opportunity to present his facts when he avails
himself of his privilege of closing debate upon
the whole subject.
According to the surveys of the different routes,
I find, from the information deposited in the proper
Departments of the Government, the following:
Estimated cost of route on forty-first parallel. .$116,093,000
Estimated cost of loute on thirty-second pai-
ailel  90,000,000
Difference in favor of southern route.. $26,093,000
Arable lands on route of 41° 632 miles.
Arable lands on loute of 32° 834 "
In favor of pouthern route 202 "
Now, as to the topography of the country,
which determines the facilities for constructing a
road, and its cost. Let us see what the reports
are. Here you have the most reliable information
that the Government has ever received from its
own officers, authorized, instructed, and paid for
the express purpose of ascertaining the most eligi-
ble route for the construction of a railroad from
the Atlantic to the Pacific States. From this in-
formation thefoilowingresultshavebeenobtained:
[Jncultivable lands on route by 41° 1,400 miles.
Unculuvablc lands on loute by 32* 1,190 k>'
Difference in favor of southern route  210 "
Elevations,
0 to 1,000 feet—In favor of southern route over the
route on 41° 673 miles.
1,000 to 2,000 feet—In favor of southern loute
over the route on 41° 147 "
4,000 to 5,000 feet—Greatest in northern route . .319 u
5,000 to 6,000 feet—Greatest m northern route . .235 "
6,000 to 7,000 feet—Greatestiu noitbeinroute.. .270 "
The highest elevation on the southern route Is..5,717 feet.
The highest elevation on the northern route
(41°) is 8,373 «
Difference in favor of southern route 2,650 "
Now, while we present all these advantages
both in point of distance and climate and soil and
topography and elevation, to say nothing of the
great interests of the country tributary to the line
we propose, I ask gentlemen why they demand
that the whole power of the Government should
be conferred on a company to construct a road
on the forty-first parallel? It has been so success-
fully demonstrated by other gentlemen on this
floor, that this route is not for the purpose of
military defense, that I do not attempt to say
anything on that point, except in confirmation of
what has been said so much better by others—
that on the route proposed by the majority of the
committee there is no population to protect from
Indian depredations now or in the probable fu-
ture. But north of it and south of it, there is not
a mail that readies us which does not bring in-
telligence showing the necessity for increased
facilities there, and showing it to be the bounden
duty of the Government—a duty which, I am
sorry to say, this department of the Government
refuses to perform—to give increased protection
to the people. But establish your railroad on the
forty-first parallel, and what part of the south
will it protect? What Texan, or Arizonian, or
NewMexican, will rcceivethe slightest protection
from the establishment of that route, in a military
point of view? And what man north of the pro-
posed line, what man north of Salt Lake City,
will receive any protection from its establish-
ment?
It may be that, by the time this road shall have
been completed, the people in these different sec-
tions will have disposed of their enemies. So fur
as the people whom I have the honor in part to
represent are concerned, they are compelled to-
day to look to their own protection. They will
not rely any further on tlris Government, bccause
they have had no inducement to rely on it. They
have not found a majority of this Gody disposed
to listen to an appeal from them, no matter what
representations may have been made. Even when
the executive of the State of Texas—a man whose
fame is. as wide as the country, however others
may diffor with him as to political sentiments
and opinions—has represented to the Government
here that the frontier of the State over which he
now presides is bleeding at every pore, and that
men are being cut down, and women and chil-
dren into captivity, it falls on the ear of this
House as an idle song. Gentlemen even get up
here and say that this is a tale got up for the pur-
pose of producing effect.. I have once before had
occasion to denounce that as a calumny; and hero
to-day, in my place, I say that, wherever uttered,
and by whomsoever uttered, it is a vile and offens-
ive slander on the State which I and mv honor-
able colleague represent on this floor. No such
thing has happened. . No such desire has been
entertained. But if the public money is to be ex-
pended in the construction of a great national
enterprise, one object of which is to protect the
people from savage foes, I say that that portion
of the country which is most exposed and most
suffering is quite as much entitled to considera-
tion as those portions of the country that are less
exposed.
Mr. Speaker, I can only dwell for one moment
upon the commercial advantages to result from
the construction of a railroad upon the route pro-
posed by the majority of the committee, or upon
the thirty-second parallel of latitude. I beg gen-
tlemen to consider what the effect would be upon
the commercial interests of the country, of the
construction of the road upon the route proposed
by the chairman of the committee. I am willing
to concede that it would be beneficial; but would
it be beneficial to the entire country? Would the
interests of the largest portion of the country be
subserved by the construction of a single road?
1 utterly deny it; and no man who will give his
attention to the map of our country, or to the
course of trade, can believe it for one moment.
Sir, it would ignore the commerce of all Mexico,
so far as the southern and middle portions of our
country are concerned. It would effectually cut
off the commerce of South America. It would
deny to us the richest boon, and the first that we
would leceive from the construction of a railroad
to the Pacific. I am not opposed to this route.
I am only contrasting it with the route that we
propose, for the purpose of showing how much
injustice has been done to the section of country
that I represent, by proposing it as the exclusive
route. 1 am willing to vote for two routes; nay,
further, I am willing to go with the gentleman
from Louisiana, and the gentleman who so wor-
thily represents Washington Territory, for three
routes; and I believe, as they believe, that Uey
