1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
480-
sltion known as the plurality resolution, and the votes taken
under jt, the Hon. Nathaniel P. Banks, jr., has been duly
chosen Speaker, and is hereby declared to be duly elected."
And in that shape this resolution, declaring that
the member who had been clected by a plurality
was already duly elccted, was adopted by the
House by a vote of 145 to 40. We have, then,
this authority, this precedent of the House by an
overwhelming vote, that by the operation of the
plurality rule, the member receiving the largest
number of votes was duly elected Speaker. I
will now hear the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Maine
holds that if a majority authorizes the minority
to elect, then the election made by the minority
is a valid election by the majority. I desire to
put a question-to the gentleman. As the minority
of the House is not the House, it must be some-
thing else than the House, or somebody else than
the House. If the House can authorize somebody
else than the House to elect a Speaker, may the
House, by a majority, authorize the President
of the United States to appoint a Speaker; and
would such an appointment be a valid election by
a majority of the House ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I did not hear
all the gentleman said, and I ask him to repeat
the latter part of his question.
Mr. MILLSON. If the House may make a
valid election by authorizing somebody else than
the House—for a minority of the House is not
the House, and must be somebody else—if it can
constitutionally, therefore, authorize somebody
else than the House to elect a Speaker, cannot
it constitutionally authorize the President of the
United States to appoint a Speaker; and would
such an appointment, made under the authority
given by a majority of the House, be a valid elec-
tion under the Constitution?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I might very
well refer the gentleman from Virginia to the au-
thorities 1 have already quoted from gentlemen
who were upon his own side of the House, and
which seem to be conclusive. But letme inquire
who and what is the Speaker of this House ? He
is an individual selected to speak for the House.
There is no constitutional provision anywhere,
that I am aware of, that requires he should even
be a member of the House. lie is an individual
placed in that chair to preside, as you do Mr.
Clerk, though clothed with greater powers, over
the deliberations, and besides to speak the voice
of the House. When the Constitution says that
the House may choose their Speaker, may choose
the person to speak for them, I do not perceive
why the majority of the House may not accom-
plish that purpose in any way they may consider
proper. The majority performs the act in the
way acceptable to them, and not by any delega-
tion of power. i
Mr. MILLSON. I have no right to insist upon
an answer to my inquiry, and I only suggest that
the gentleman does not answer it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It may be diffi-
cult for me to satisfy the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, but I did think that he would find no diffi-
culty in understanding the effect of what I said.
If the House have the power to choose their j
Speaker and other officers, they can do so in any j
manner they may see fit; and, sir, I will not say
that there is any absolute incompatibility with
the Constitution in authorizing even the Presi-
dent of the United States, however improper that
might be, or any individual, or any committee, to
designate the person who, under the vote of the
majority here, shall act as our presiding officer
to keep order here and make known our doings.
I speak only of the question of power.
Mr. CURTIS. I will make this answer to the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia, I do
not admit that a minority can elect, but I do say
that a majority can appoint any man or any num-
ber of men to select a Speaker, and that that selec-
tion is the voice of the House. They may, for
instance, select the tallest man, or the shortest
man—in tlio latter case the selection I present
would fall upon the member upon the lloor [Mr.
Wasiiburn]—and that selection, sir, would be
constitutional. The majority, I hold, have the
right to fix the mode of electing a Speaker.
Mr; MILLSON. Answer my question.
Mr. CURTIS. I say that the majority can fix
the mode of selecting a Speaker. I'he minority
of itself cannot elect; but the majority may declare
that a committee may select the Speaker, and
then, if you please, the House may confirm that
selection;butwithoutthatconfirmation expressed,
it certainly would be implied.
Mr. MILLSON. You think that the House
has a right to authorize the President to appoint
a Speaker?
Mr. CURTIS, I think that is rather further
than I would be willing to go. I think, sir, that
the selection should be made in the House.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I object, Mr. Clerk, to
this catechetical discussion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Without the
gentleman's consent, I will not yield further. I
will say one word more, and then I will yield the
floor back to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MILES. With the consent of the gentle-
man, I will ask the gentleman from Maine a single
question. That gentleman says, in reply to my
honorable friend from Virginia, that he thinks the
House would have the right to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to appoint a Speaker.
My question is this: Would the majority of the
House have the right to authorize the President
of the United States to pass such needful appro-
priations as may be necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment, and then for us to adjourn and go home ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think not,
and for reasons that would be satisfactory to the
gentleman from South Carolina, had I the right,
in the time of the gentleman from Ohio, to state
them. It is no part, let me say, of the legislation
of Congress that we perform, when we proceed to
select a person to preside over our deliberations
and to speak as our organ.
I wish, Mr. Clerk, to say a single word in ref-
erence to the position in which we arc. The Con-
stitution declares that the House shall choose
their Speaker, and the law of the earliest Con-
gress under that Constitution provides that the
first business of a new House shall be the admin-
istration of the usual oath to the members of it.
I imagine no one will deny that, in virtue of our
constitutional duty and of this law, it is a stand-
ing order here that we shall proceed to the election
of & Speaker; that to do that is always in order,
and that nothing has precedence of it. I will call
the attention of the House to the Manual. It says:
"The only case where a member has a right to Insist on
anything, is where he calls for the execution of ft subsist-
ing order of the House. Here, there having been already
a resolution, any person has a right to insist that th£
Speaker, or any other whose duty it is, shall cairy it into
execution, and no debate or delay can be had on it."
What into execution ? In this case, the stand-
ing order to organize the House by the choice of
a Speaker. Yes, sir, we are acting lwre under
the Constitution and the law of Congress; and all
we can do is, without debate, when objection has
been made—and objection has constantly been
made from this side of the House—all we can
legitimately do, all we can do, without violation
of law and of our constitutional obligations, is,
without debate or delay, to vote for and eloct a
Speaker. We have been proceeding here for go-
ing on seven weeks, factiously and in a disorgan-
izing manner, in violation of the Constitution and
the parliamentary law. Sir, let the Constitution
and parliamentary law be observed, and the House
will be organized without delay.
One word more, sir, in reference to the order of
questions: The standing order or duty that we
proceed to the election of a Speaker, is a question
of high privilege, and as such overrides all others,
except questions of order which may arise out of
it, or motions to adjourn. Let me read from the
Manual:
" None but the class of privileged questions can be brought
forward while there is another question before the Htwse,
the i ule being that when a motion has been made and sec-
onded, no other can be received, except it be a privileged
one.1'
This, sir, twill not be denied, is a privileged
question, and as a privileged question it overrides
all other questions which can be brought here,
except as I have stated; overrides the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark;]
the amendment of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Gilmer;] and all questions except
those, if theie be any, which pertain directly to
the choice of a Speaker. It is a question of the
first privilege, and must be put and acted upon
without debate or dolay.
That is the position we have taken here; and
we stand before the country as having insisted
upon an early organization of the House, having
been ready ourselves to perform our constitutions
duty all the time. We are not responsible for
this delay; we are not responsible for the disor-
ganization of the House, for we have been ready,
at any time, and are ready now, to proceed by
any legal rule, in any manner not unwarranted
by the Constitution, to the election; ready to adopt
any mode by which the House fcan be organized,
whether it be by ballot, by a viva voce vote, by a
majority vote, or by the plurality rule. Sir, if
we were looking merely to the. effect upon our-
selves, as members of a party organization, we
would not be anxious for an early organization
of the House. We are satisfied with our position
as it stands before the country. We daily hear
from our people that the Republican party is gain-
ing strength faster than ever it has gained before,
in consequence of the position and proceedings of
the parties in this House. We hear that gentle-
men belonging to the party represented upon the
other side of the House are becoming weary, im-
patient, and disgusted with this delay in the or-
ganization, and that they are begging and praying
before all things, that the Democrats in the House
will stop making these disunion speeches, which
are fast destroying what little there is left of the
Democracy in the North. So, I say, if we were
influenced merely by political and partisan mo-
tives, we would allow gentlemen of the other side
to go on, as they have been going on days and
weeks, discussing all things in heaven and on
earth and tinder the earth, and some others, qui•
busdam rebitb cum multis aliis, to their heart's con-
tent. Tin l we have a duty and an obligation under
the Constitution and the laws of the land, to see
that this Government shall not come to a dead
lock—that this House shall organize and proceed
to the transaction of the business of the country.
We are so national; ss sound, conservative, and
impregnable is our position, that we can afford to
wait until there shall be an organization, before
we undertake to enter into a general discussion of
the politics of the day. I thank the gentleman
from Ohio, and yield the floor.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I hope my friends, and
particularly my political opponents, will pardon
me if I refuse to yield the floor again. I am op-
posed to this mode of making speeches by allow-
ing some half dozen to be made in the middle of
one speech. I thank the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. yVashburn] for his authorities; but now to
the point of organization. 1 think that the prac-
tical question which is now before the House
and before the country, is, whether we shall adopt
the plurality rule or go without an organization?
It did appear to me, before the gentleman from
Maine read the authorities, from the plain reading
of the Constitution, that the mode of electing a
Speaker by a plurality vote authorized by a ma-
jority, was constitutional beyond peradventure or
doubt. And, believing it to be so, I am ready to
vote for it. I do not ask those who believe it is
unconstitutional to vote for it. In fact the question
is not an open one, for it has been decided by the
former action of this House upon two memorable
occasions, and by different parties seeking to con-
trol the destinies of this nation. I say, therefore,
a majority of the House believe that this is a con-
stitutional mode of organizingtliis House. If there
are those who do not believe it is a constitutional
mode, they will not vote for it, and we shall re-
spect their opinions. I am sorry that it becomes
wiy duty here to announce upon this floor that, in
myjudgment, there is a respectable, intelligent, and
determined minority here, who do not desire an or-
ganization. I believe, in the expressive language
of one gentleman, [Mr. Pugii, of Alabama,] that
if they could have their way they "would perpet-
uate discord here." I believe there is a handful
of men here, and I admire them for their talent
and boldness, and I can envy their ability, though
I cannot imitate it, who are for keeping up this
disorganization with a view of carrying out their
disunion schemes. There is a class of men upon
this floor who profess to believe the Bible was
given to man, that the Declaration of Independ-
ence was adopted, and the Constitution of the
United States framed, to perpetuate; and extend
the institution of negro slavery, and they say
thero is an anti-slavery sentiment in the free
States, yes, and in some of the slave States, per-
meating the whole body politic, in such sort that.
