1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
could least boar it, where the decree in their favor
was fifty dollars or a little over. Appeals were
taken with a view to prevent the administration
of justice, and to wear out the patience of a suitor.
The law is merely restored in that respect to what
it was in the original history of the country; and
there is a stronger reason for it in the fact that the
value of money has certainly depreciated within
the last ten years relatively, and therefore the sum
ought to be increased for which an appeal will be
allowed. Nowitisallowed where the sum amounts
to fifty dollars. The bill proposes to restore the
old law, which only allowed an appeal where the
amount in controversy was $300. I think that
sum is a reasonable one. The judge of Massa-
chusetts suggested $500. The committee thought
it rather high, and unanimously fixed it at $300.
The second section relates to appeals to the Su-
preme Court; and there, from the necessary costs
connected with it, and the fact that one of the
great objects of that court is to settle principles
which shall govern other cases, and not to decide
every case which may be heard in the circuit
court, the right of appeal is proposed to be lim-
ited to cases in which the matter in controversy
involves §3,000 net value, instead of $2,000, as at
present. That is founded on the same consider-
ation, in part, that the value of money has depre-
ciated in relation to other property; and, there-
fore, §3,000 now would be quite as proper a limit
as §2,000 was twenty years ago. 1 he farther ef-
fect of it would be, in the judgment of the com-
mittee, not to overcrowd that court to the extent
it is overcrowded with business in cases which
really do not pay the expenses of the appeal, and
which make it exhausting to both parties. "We
do not think it would end in any defect of justice
by extending the amount at which an appeal
should be allowed.
Another clause of the second section of the bill
relates to the time within which an appeal shall
be taken. That is fixed by the committee at two
years. All these provisions were unanimously
agreed to in committee, founded on the knowledge
of the practice of the courts and the practical ef-
fect of the measure, by the members of the com-
mittee, who come from the different quarters of the
Union, and who are practically conversant with
courts of justice and the administration ofjustice.
I trust the bill will be passed by the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
VACANCIES IN OFFICES.
Mr. MASON. There is a bill upon the table
to organize a mission to carry into execution the
treaty with Paraguay. I am sure it will not oc-
cupy five minutes; and I ask that it maybe taken
up, because it is n matter of public interest that
ought to be passed.
Mr. BAYARD. I stated to the Senate, when
I made my motion, that there were two bills which
I desired to take up. They follow each other con-
secutively on the Calendar; neither of them will
take the Senate long—the other hardly as long as
the one which has just been passed; and I think
that the honorable Senator from Virginia might
allow me to dispose of these two bills. They were
before the Senate all the last Congress nearly, and
were not acted on. I hope the Senator will allow
me to dispose of that bill first. It cannot take ten
minutes. It will meet with no objection. It is
merely to supply a defect in the existing law.
Mr. MASON. I could have my bill passed
while the Senator is talking.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know that. I thinlc
I might have been allowed to go oil, and take up
the bill alluded to. The Senate must decide.
Mr. MASON. If it was a matter of any per-
sonal interest to me, I would yield to the Senator
at otiee. T consider that there is a public duty
involved in this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Secretary has sent for the bill al-
luded to by the Senator from Virginia. It has
not yet come from the Printer. It will be some
minutes before it can come here.
Mr. MASON. Then I yield to the Senator
from Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 5) to supply vacancies in certain offices.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that all officers of the United
States, appointed for a term of years, shall hold
their offices from and after the expiration of the
regular terms for which they have been or may be
appointed, until their successors shall have been
appointed and qualified; and also, that wherever
a vacancy now exists, or shall hereafter occur, in
the office of marshal or attorney of the United
States for any district, the district court may ap-
point a marshal or an attorney, as the case may
be, who shall serve until a regular appointment
and until such new appointee shall have been qual-
ified in due form of law. It also provides that
every clerk of the circuit or district courts of the
United States, in cases of sickness or temporary
disability, may appoint a deputy, to be approved
by the judge or judges, or a majority of them in
vacation, or by the court, who shall take the like
oath, and may, in the name of their principals,
perform the duties of the clerk; but all clerks and
their sureties shall be responsible for the conduct
of their deputies.
Mr. BAYARD. The bill speaks for itself. It
is to remove a difficulty that has often been found
to exist where offices become vacant during the
session of the Senate. No person can act until an
appointment is made by the President, and con-
firmed by the Senate; and thus the appointment
must either be hurried, both in the nomination of
the Executive and action of the Senate, or there
is no person to perform the duties. The bill can-
not create any possible difficulty. It enables the
officer whose regular term expires to remain in
his position until a successor is qualified. The
other section applies to the case of marshals. It
is necessarily made general; but it is often essen-
tial, because the officer may die at a distance from
the seat of Government or during the session of
the Senate, and the functions ought to be con-
stantly attended to. It may be imperatively ne-
cessary for them to attend to it, and yet there is
no power m the interim between the action of the
Executive and of the Senate to perform the duties
of these ministerial officers. It is to these cases
alone that the bill applies.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
CONVENTION WITH PAHAGUAV.
Mr. MASON. I want to take up the bill in
relation to Paraguay, if it has come in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is here.
Mr. MASON. It will take but a moment, I
hope.
The motion of Mr. Mason was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 340) to carry
into effect the convention between the United States
and the Republic of Paraguay.
Mr. MASON. It was thought proper by the
committee, as the bill organized a commission,
that it should be prepared at the Department of
State. It was sent to the committee, and mettheir
approval. I think it is prepared as well as it could
be for a like occasion. The treaty provides that
these commissioners shall sit at Washington, and
shall not sit longer than three months; and it was
recommended, and I think wisely, that their com-
pensation should be a sum in gross. The com-
mittee have instructed me to move to fill the blank
for the compensation of the commissioner with the
sum of §1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am further instructed by the
committee to move that the compensation of the
secretary be $1,000, and to fill the blank accord-
ingly.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. It will be observed that the last
clause provides that this money shall be refunded
to the United States out of the sum recovered from
Paraguay. I ask that the Secietaiy be directed to
read the fust two or three lines, for my impres-
sion is that there is a mistake there.
The Secretary read as follows:
That tlio PKHiduntof ttifl United States, by and with the
advice of the Senate—
Mr. MASON. It ought to be "advice and con-
sent." I move to add the words "and consent."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and the
bill ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
SAMUEL J. HENSLEY.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I ask leave of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill (No. 249) for the relief of
Samuel J. Hensley.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
249) for the relief of Samuel J. Hensley, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to have some
accountof that bill. That is a very large amount—
over$96,000—for Indian supplies in California. I
should like to have some account of the reason
for the liability of the United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It would perhaps bo
more satisfactory to have the report read, which
accompanies thebill, and explains the reasons and
facts on which the claim is founded. I could,
probably, more briefly state the substance of the
case, but it might not be so satisfactory to the
gentleman. I therefore prefer that the report
should be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report of
the Committee on Indian Affairs; but before con-
cluding, the hour of one o'clock arrived.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
pause. The Chair must call up the special order.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the special order the In-
dian appropriation bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has no
recollection that that was made a special order.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, with a view to take up the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. GWIN. Let as dispose of this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a private claim. I am
willing to let it come up to-morrow morning, in
the morning hour, or on Friday. I am informed
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives that the
appropriation bills will come over very rapidly
now.
Mr. LATHAM. This will take but a short
time.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not think this will take
a short tune, fiom what I have heard of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
postpone the special oider, and to take up the In-
dian appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What is the
special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions of
the Senator from Mississippi, in relation to the
protection of property in the Territories.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. They were
laid on the table, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions of
the other Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
were laid on the table. The question is on the
postponing the special order, and taking up the
Indian appropriation bill.
The question being put, a division was called for
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Ido not know
that there is any great pressing exigency for the
passage of the Indian appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
to the Senator that the Senate is in the act of di-
viding at this time.
The question being put, on a division there were
—ayes fourteen.
Mr. HUNTER. There seems to be no quo-
rum. I ask for the yeas and nays. Then we can
have a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. J OHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to state
to the Senate that if this motion fails, to take up
the Indian appropriation bill, I shall move then
to take up the homestead bill; and I hope we shall
takeup that bill and press it, until final action is had
on the part of the Senate. It is a measure of fully
as much importance as the Indian appropriation
bill. It has been postponed again and again, and
1 hope we shall take it up and have definite action
on it, so far as the Semite is concerned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
postpone the special oiders, with a view to take up
the Indian appropriation bill. On this question
the yeas and nays have been ordered. The Sec-
retary will call the roll.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
