62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 28,
. 36th Gong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
surrendered to the American and French forces
at Yorktown. Tell me not, sir, that it survived
our independence. Tell me not, sir, that this relic
of tyranny still lurks inan American Congress.
Tell mc not, sir, that a citizen of a State does not
carry with him into a Territory the same capacity
for self-government, and all the attributes of sov-
ereignty he enjoyed before he went there. There
are certain rights he derived from the God of na-
ture of which he cannot be rightfully divested;
and among these are 44 liberty and the pursuit of
happiness." You tell him *he may pursue his
happiness and enjoy his liberty in a State, but in
a Territory he must be restricted. Yea, sir; in a
Territory you are going to think for him, lay the
foundation of his society, mold his institutions
according to your notions and not his, and regu-
late his private matters. You are going to keep
him in a kind of political apprenticeship or vas-
salage. Suppose you had the abstract constitu-
tional right to do it—which I deny—how would
you go to work to enforce that right? You have
no power to make him accept of an organic act
you may pass for his government. As a matter
of policy or grace or convenience or choice, he
may do it; but if he refuses, what are you to do?
what can you do? Nothing. If you send outan
army, that will be powerless to effect anything;
for it is beyond human agency to make a man
accept that wlu:h he does not wish to. You can-
not force a State into the Union unless the people
thereof desire to come in; and hence, all such mat-
ters between the Geneial Government and them,
or those of a Territory, are in the nature of accom-
modation or arrangement. There is nothing com-
pulsory on us to take a State into the Union; and
suppose we choose not to do it at all, are the
people never to enjoy the right of having a local
government, or of regulating Lheirdomosticaflairs?
The language is: Congress "may admit new
States" into the Union; showing it is optional
with us whether we admit them or not. lleing
one of the parties to the bargain, wo may pre-
scribe terms as the condition ofourassent. Those
terms may be accepted by the people of (lie pro-
posed State or not, as they see fit. If rejected,
the State stays out of the Union; and we will have
no power to force H in on our own terms.
So with the people of a Territory, for they are
"like those of a State." Our affairs with them
must be arranged by agreement or compact, either
expressed orimplied,andin defiance of our wishes
they will or will not have slavery as they determ-
ine. It is much safur and bettor for all parties,
as a matter of policy, to say nothing of the prin-
ciple, to let them decide the question for them-
selves, than to have it continually agitating Con-
gress and the country. That it is*their right to
decide it, has passed into apol ideal axiom. Neither
the man of the North or the South carries with
him into a Territory the institutions of the State
lie ieft; but I readily admit they meet there us in-
dependent and equal sovereigns, to form a new
political organization, and it is not for Congress,
but themselves, to determine its character. Both
of them have an equal right to go there, and to
carry with them whatever property they please,
running the risk of holding it in the new commu-
nity or organization. The Constitution of the
United States, neither establishing or prohibiting
the establishment of slavery, but being silent on
the subject, and leaving the question to be determ-
ined by the Staus and the people for themselves
respectively, if the emigrant carries a .slave into a
Territory, before the institution of any local gov-
ernment recognizing his right to hold him, it is
purely a question of affection or physical power
whether he keeps him or not. In other words,
slavery can only exist by virtue of local law.
Congress has never attempted to pass, and no
member has ever been mad enough to introduce,
a law for its establishment or protection in the
Territories. The doctiine has Jong bten settled
by the decisions of the courts, both in the slave
and free States, that slavery is a local, not a na-
tional, institution fixed and determined by the
Constitution of the United States. Any other
docrine would destroy the equilibrium of our al-
ready complex system of Government, and make
it an absurdity.
I agree fully with the sentiment on this point
enunciated by Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, in his
compromise speech of 1$50. He saia,in that
speech:
"Nqyv, really, I must say that the idea that, eo instanti,
upon the consummation of the treaty with Mexico, the Con-
stitution of the United States spread itself over the acquired
country and carried along with it the institution of slavery,
is so irreconcilable with any comprehension or reason,
which I possess, that I hardly know how to meet it. Why,
sir, these United States consist of thiity States. In fifteen
of them there .was slavery; in fifteen slavery did not exist.
How can it be argued that the fifteen slave States, by the
opeiation of the Constitution of the United State?, carried
into the ceded territory the institution of slavery, any more
than it can be argued, upon the other side, that, by die opera-
tion of the Constitution, the fifteen free States carried into
the ceded territoiy the principle of freedom, whieh they,
from policy, have chosen to adopt within their limits
But, Mr. Clerk, there is another feature of the
case I desire to mention, and must take time to
briefly notice here. Even the most ultra Aboli-
tionist on the one hand, and southern fire-eater
on the other, agree, and Mr. Buchanan, as strongly
pro-slavery as he is, assents to it, that the people
of a Territory, when they come to form a State
government, may have or reject the institution of
slavery as they think best. "Where do they get
that right at that particular moment? Does it
spring up to them spontaneously or on the in-
stant ? Congress certainly does not confer it, for
we have no such power, and no one pretends we
have. Where, then, let me again ask, do they
get it? I will tell you, Mr. Clerk, where—from
the God of nature. Without it had a prcexist-
ence u.s one of their rights, it could not leap into
life at the moment and attach itself to a constitu-
tional convention as a new-born power.
If, then, it had a preexistence, the people had a
preexisting right to assert it; and if they failed to
exercise that right in behalf of slavery, that in-
stitution, depending for its existence altogether on
local law, avS it does, would be excluded. Sover-
eignty is not born of a constitutional convention,
but of the people. The doctrine of our Govern-
ment is, that all power is inherent in them. This
great truth underlies all our free institutions, per-
vades all our justcouceptions of government, and
is the political attar at which we offer our devo-
tions—the Mecca to which we go in our troubles.
Am I asked, if the people of a Territory have
the right to determine whether they will or will
not have slavery, when they can rightfully exer-
cise it ? I answer, at any time thev pku sc.
The moment they foim apolitical organization,
that moment sovereignty attaches, or perhaps 1
had better say, to be more explicit, that at that
moment it assumes a practical organized form, and
results from a common necessity and community
of interest. If, for the purpose of organizing a
Territory, Congress has the j&ower to pass an or-
ganic act and impose it on the inhabitants, (I have
shown what folly it would be for us to attempt
that,) still it has no right to go further and operate
the machinery of government thus created; that
right belongs to the people exclusively, as I shall
show before resuming my seat. IIow few or how
many persons it takes to exercise governmental
authority in a Territory is of no practical or real
importance; for if they do not act in a manner to
please those who come in after them, it will be an
easy matter to annul or overthrow, in a legal man-
ner, their doings. Aside from this, it is chimerical
to talk about five or six men setting up a local gov-
ernment in a Territory to exclude or establish any
particular institution, or for any purpose. Expe-
rience has shown that before acting they have
waited until thoy had a reasonable number; but
suppose they do not—suppose never so few of
them establish rules for their government—who
is injured by it, and what harm could come of it?
Can any gentleman tell?
Until an organized government in some form,
not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws
of the United States—that is not treasonable or
rebellious—is formed, the people of the Territo-
ries are amenable to the laws of Congress, and
may bo punished for the commission of crimes by
those laws.
Our form of government contemplates that none
of its citizens shall at any time be without the
means of enforcing their rights and redressing their
injuries; and, therefore, while they remain in an
unorganized condition and until they provide the
proper tribunals for themselves to effect the object,
those established by Congress have jurisdiction
over them. In other words, until the people of a
Territory see proper, "like those of a State," to
exercise the sovereignty vested in them, Congress
may exercise iyor rather concessional enact-
ments govern tnem, Sfcitii they are a 44law unto
themselves,"jh:, in other words, pass their own
laws. y
I now come, in the course of my remarks, to
consider the third proposition, to wit: how far the
Supreme Court of the United States decided in
the Dred Scott case that a citizen of a slave State
has the right to carry his slave property into a
Territory of the United States, and hold it there
by the Constitution of the United States, without
regard to and in defiance of the public wish or
local law. I must remark, however, in the first
place, that while I have great respect for the judi-
ciary as a coordinate branch of the Government,
and will, at all times, bow in respectful deference
to its decisions, I deny its right to lay down party
platforms, and define a party creed, or determine
judicially party ^questions. In this, I cheerfully
and heartily concur with ?>!r. Calhoun, who, m his
celebrated letter of the 26th of July, 1831, published
in the Pendleton Messenger, giving his views of
the respective powers of the General and State
government, said, m speaking of the Supreme
Court of the United States:
<£ Its powers are judicial, and not political, and are ex-
pressly confined by the Constitution to all cases in law and
equity ai ism/; under the Constitution, the laws of the United
States, and the tuj§tics made, or which shall be made, un-
der in aitthoi ity ; and winch 1 have lugh authority in as-
serting, [Chief Justice Marshall is here reteired to by Mi.
Calhoun,] excludes political questions, and comprehends
tho^e only whcie there aie patties amenable to the process
of the courts. Nor B its incompetency less clear than ite
want of constitutional authouty. Theie may be many and
most daugeious infractions on the part of Congress, of
which, it ih conceded by all, the court,# as a judicial tribunal,
cannot from ltd nature take cognizance."
I do not think, however, that in the Dred Scott
ease tho court has interfered or intended to in-
terfere with the settlement of political questions.
Perhaps no decision was ever so grossly misrep-
resented. The extremists of the South seized
upon it to bolster up and extend their peculiar
institution, and declared it gave them the right
to go into the Territories under a constitutional
guarantee with their slave property, placing that
right as higher and above any other rightof prop-
eity; while the northern Abolitionist readily as-
sented to that construction of it and charged tho
court with being governed by dishonest motives
and a desire to spread slavery all over the coun-
try. The first was moved by interest—the second
by a desire for political acquisition. The Presi-
dent zealously chimed in on tho pro-slavery side
and declared, in an official message, that "sla-
very existed by virtue of the decision in Kansas
and Nebraska as much as in South Carolina or
Georgia." Hencc, viewing or pretending toview
the question from that stand-point, Ik; told us we
must bring Kansas into the Union under a con-
stitution recognizing slavery, though it came to
us " reeking with blood and fraud," and defy-
ing the public will. Now, Mr. Clerk, let me ex-
amine, briefly, that opinion, and see what was
dccided. I venture to state I can show it has
beengrosslymisropresented. The facts,as shown
by the record, are these: In 1834, Dr. Emerson, a
surgeon in the United States Army, took Dred
Scott from Missouri, where he heldhim as a slave,
to Rock Island, Illinois, where he remained with
him until 1836; then removed with him to Fort
Snclling, in the then Territory of Minnesota,
which is a part of tho Louisiana purchase made
by Mr. Jefferson in 1803, and lies north of the
Missouri compromise line. "While there, Scott
married a slave woman, and they had two chil-
dren born to them. In 1838, Scott and his family
were carried back to Missouri and held as slaves
at the time he instituted his suit for freedom.
Chief Justice Taney says, in the opinion he de-
livered:
" Theie are two leading questions presented by the recoid,
[and these are the only two he mentions:] 1st. Had the
circuit couit of the United States jurisdiction to hear and
determine the case between the parties ? and 2d. If it had
jurisdiction, is the judgment it has given erroneous or not?"
Scott set out in his declaration, among other
things, that he was a citizen of the United States,
to which the defendant filed a plea in abatement
