2448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29.
tha-location of any one road starting at any point
between the Gulf of Mexico and the British pos-
sessions. >
I submit that those who suppose a single route
will suffice for the wants of the country have an
unjust conception of its magnitude; of its present
wq.nts and future developments. Who can as-
sume what it will be ten years hence ? Let any
man here go back ten years and contemplate the
great Northwest and the great basin of the Mis-
sissippi as they were then—that portion of this
country whifch js so soon to supersede the idea of
an East andaSouth—which is, in fact, represent-
ing the dawn of empire in our country—what was
it ten years ago, compared with what it is to-day?
To-day it is the most teeming portion of this Con-
federacy, and by all comparison the most inter-
esting in point of material development; yet ten
years past it would not have been considered one
ftalf—no, sir, not one fourth—so important com-
" mercially as it is to-day; and it is yet i n its infancy
of development; while in the extreme East you
have attained your manhood; and, withoutmtend-
ingto be invidiously unkind in comparison to that
section of country, I say you have reached your
maximum of prosperity. Henceforth you will
have simply to contend in a war between capital
and labor, which will cause you perchance more
trouble than it has cost you to attain your present
degree of prosperity. I say the great unde-
veloped West is to-day in its infancy; it is yet
growing with a rapidity beyond all parallel; and
it is yet to be a mighty power in this country for
good or for evil. Do you desire to pave the way
for a dissolution of the Union of these States?
Then ignore the trade of the South m the same
manner you are now doing—say that your great
system of railroads shall be for the benefit of the
northern, and, to a certain extent, the middle
section of the Union; but that the South shall be
disregaided in forming this great connection with
the Pacific ocean. Gentlemen, do not allow it.
Show that you are determined, at whatever cost,
and by considerations of patriotism, to seek to
promote the groat commercial interests of every
section alike, and not, as sectional men, to build
up the interests of a particular section, at all haz-
ards, of any extremity that may follow. Mr.
Speaker, how much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Six minutes.
Mr. HAMILTON. Well, sir, I cannot do as
much in six minutes as was done in six days, in
the formation of the world. Tifftre is another
matter which I desire to present to the consider-
ation of the House. ] propose, in the plan I iiave
presented, to limit the action of this body to the
organization of companies, and to the right of way
from the point of commencement 011 the Atlantic
side to the eastern coniines of the State of Cali-
fornia, west of the Rocky Mountains. My rea-
sons for doing that are, that 1 for one believe,
upon mature consideration, that this Congress
has not the power togranttherightof way through
a sovereign State. They may do it through the
public Territories of the Union; because, although
1 do not believe in the tenets of political parties
herein Congress in respect to the extent to winch
some of them go as to our control over the Ter-
ritories of the Government, yet I believe that Con-
gress may at least go this far. But 1 believe Con-
gress has no power, and less right than power,
to grant the right of way through any sovereign
State without the permission of that State. True
it is—I grant it to the fullest extent—that, as far
as the Government owns public domain, or any
other property within the limits of a State, it may
freely give it away, or dispose of it as it may seem
best. But the power of the Government cannot
go to the extent of granting the right of way
through property within the jurisdiction of an-
other sovereignty. This question, however, can
give rise to 110 difficulty in respect to the object of
the bill now before us; for who can doubt that, if
we make provision for the construction of a rail-
road, the eastern termination of which is the Gulf,
extending west to the limits of the State of Cali-
fornia, the people of that State will readily extend
their grant of right of way to whatever point on
their coast it will be necessary 01* desirable to
make the western terminus of the road?
Now Mr. Speaker, having exhausted the time
allotted me, I will close with a single remark. I
had intended to propose, at the proper time, to
so amend the amendment I have introduced as to
strike out all that relates to the right of way within
the State of California, and all that relates to an-
appropriation of money in any shape, as a loan
or otherwise, from this Government to any com-
pany which may be incorporated; and I now move
to amend my amendment so as to accomplish that
object. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have said that
|23,000,000 is all that will be required of the Gov-
ernment to build this road.
Mr. CURTIS. Why, then, do you ask for
$36,000,000 in your bill ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I have proposed to strike
out all that relates to California, and have there-
fore reduced the amount to $23,000,000.
Mr. CURTIS. A railroad built only to the
western limits of California will be of no service.
Mr. HAMILTON. I prefer to leave the peo-
ple of California free, to grant the right of way
through their own State, which, I take it for
granted, they will be ready to do. A gentleman
asks in reference to Texas. I say to him that
we have already engaged to build a road in Texas.
We do not ask Congress to grant any right of
way through Texas, for we have granted,it our-
selves. A gentleman asks as to the power of Con-
gress to loan money for the purpose of construct-
ing a road. That is an entirely different matter.
If Congress chooses to make a loan to Tom, Dick,
and Harry, who are engaged in the nutmeg trade,
I know of no clause in the Constitution to pre-
vent; but that is a very different' question from
that of granting the right of way through a sov-
ereign State. So far as Texas is concerned, I
have already said that she has granted the right
of way. The soil within her borders is her own,
and she can do with it as she pleases.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAMILTON. With the consent of the
House, I shall append, in my printed remarks,
various documents which I have not had time to
read.
Mr. BARRETT obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri to allow me to interrupt lnm
for a moment. I am desirous that this debate may
be conducted in such a way that all gentlemen
who feel an interest in ventilating this question
may have an opportunity. If the debate is to be
cut oil' at four o'clock to-day, then I do not see
how other gentlemen, who are disposed to intro-
duce amendments to this measure, will have that
opportunity. I hope, therefore, that in view of
these circumstances, in order that all may be
satisfied, the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Curtis]
will consent that this debate shall be continued.
Mr. CURTIS. There is a special order for
to-morrow.
A Member. Make it the special order for
Thursday.
Mr. SMITH, 01" Virginia. I must say that I
intend to move the reference of this whole subject
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I trust that this will
be made the special order for Thursday.
Mr. CURTIS. Let the Speaker inform us
whether there is a special order for Thursday.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is no
special order for Thursday.
Mr. CURTIS. I fear that the continuance of
this bill o\er to Thursday will be the defeat of
the bill. If the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means bo present, I would like to
inquire of him whether he has any objection to
this subject going over until Thursday. He has
charge ofthe progress of the businessin the House;
and if he does not object to the proposition for
continuance, I do not know that 1 will.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I suggest that the
debate be allowed to go on now, and that the bill
be made the special order for Thursday, with the
understanding that we shall have a vote on that
day at four o'clock, p. m.
J\Ir. CURTIS. 1 cannot, in good faith with
those with whom I act, agree that this bill shall
go over until Thursday, i have pledged my word
to the House that I would press a vote 011 the
bill at four o'clock to-day. If the House desires
the continuance, I can assure the House that I
have no objection to it.
Mr. YALLAJN'UIGHAM. I trust that the
suggestion for a continuance will be agreed to,
and that this subject will,- when we adjourn to-
day, go over until Thursday.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is a special
order for to-morrow.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is none for
Thursday.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is none
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Clark] has
proposed that there shall be a continuance over
to Thursday, with the understandingthatthe vote'
shall be taken at four o 'clock on that day.
A Member. Say five o'clock.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have no objection
to its being made a special order for Thursday;
but I shall decidedly object to fixing an hour for
taking the vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any
objection to making the bill a special order for
Thursday >
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. I merely desire
to say that to-morrow there is a special order;
that Thursday is set apart for an election case,
and that there are three appropriation bills which
ought to be passed this week. Every member
has made up his mind on this Pacific railroad
question. Discussion will not, sir, affect a single
vote one way or the otfier. Each* one of us has
decided whether to vote for the bill of the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] or for the rival
measure of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Ham-
ilton.] I trust, then, that the gentlemen who
have charge of this question will press it to a vote
to-night. If it be continued over, 1 give fair notice
that in the multiplicity of other business before
the House, it will be crowded out, and thrown
over to the next session.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Are the general
merits of the bill now under consideration?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They arc.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is not the amend-
ment before the House the subject immediately
under consideration, and the one that ought to be
discussed?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Is it in order for
mo to move that this bill be made the special order
for next Thursday?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Uhairthinks
not, objection being made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I insist that the
gentleman who has the floor shall proceed with
his remarks.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 will have to call the previous
question more rapidly on these amendments in
order to get through with all that gentlemen have
to propose. If I do not do so, I will not be able
at four o'clock to call for the previous question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wish to say to the
chairman of the select committee, that I hope he
will give me an opportunity to move an amend-
ment before the previous question is called. There
are four incorporators mentioned in that bill liv-
ing in the State of Illinois, and three of them re-
side in the city of Chicago. They ought to be
more equally distributed. I shall ask to strike
out the name of one of them, I do not care which
—say Mr. Wentworth—and in lieu of it to insert
the name of John Wood, who is the present Gov-
ernor of the State of Illinois, and who resides at
the city of Q,uincy. He is a high-minded, hon-
orable, and worthy man.
Mr. CURTIS. I can accept no proposition in
regard to that matter.
Mr. BARRETT addressed the. House in sup-
port of the bill reported by the committee. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I regret that it is
not m my power to support this bill in its present
shape, or in any shape it is likely to take in the
House. I am exceedingly unwillmgto voteagainst
the bill. It proposes to accomplish an object
which I confess lies very near my heart, and I
would be willing to waive, for the purpose of its
accomplishment, any objection which did not go
to the substance or practicability of this scheme.
I do not rise 110'w to detain or trouble the House
by any lengthened remarks 011 this bill, but to point
out, in five or ten minutes, what, it strikes roe, are
the practical difficulties 111 the way of executing
the scheme proposed by the committee.
The bill has been varied to some extent by
the amendment—and wisely, as far as it went—
adopted by the House yesterday, converting the
gentlemen named in the bill reported by the ma-
jority of the committee into mere trustees or com-
missioners for the purpose of opening book3 and
taking subscriptions to carry on the work. The
