1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Morris.
Ho. ob Reps.
that he was not a citizen of the United States in
thitfteaning of the Constitution. To this plea a
demurrer was put in, joinder had, and the court
overruled the plea, when defendant answered over
by filing other pleas, in which issue was joined
and the case decided against the plaintiff, Scott,
and he brought the cause to the Supreme Court of
the United States. That court thought it properly
mi^ht take cognizancc of the pica in abatement
under the rules of its practice, though the defend-
ant had abided by the demurrer and pleaded over.
This decision brought up the question of Scott's
citizenship, and the poin t was decided against him.
This necessarily determined that the circuit court
of Missouri had no jurisdiction of the case, for
the reason that, by the Constitution of the United
States, the courts thereof only have jurisdiction in
cases between citizens of the different States, &c.
The second point involved in the case was
whether the judgment of the circuit court was er-
roneous or not. That court had decided that the
voluntary returnof Dred Scott to Missouri, where
he was thereafter held as a slave, placed him
where the question of his right to freedom must
be determined by the laws of that State, without
regard to the courtesy claimed to be due to inter-
national law, and in that decision the Supreme
Court of the United States concurred. These were
the only two questions presented, and I agree in
the opinion that both of them were properly and
rightfully determined. For 1 do not believe that a
negro of African descent, as was Dred Scott, is or
ought to be a citizen of the United States under
the Constitution thereof; and the law of the locality
or State had to determine whether the plaintiif
was a slave or a freeman; and the law of Missouri
determining lie was a slave, the court could not
do otherwise than adjudge him one.
The residence of Dred Scott at Fort Snelling,
in a part of the Louisiana territory, and north of
the Missouri compromise line, incidentally raised
the question of the constitutionality of that line,
and the court determined it unconstitutional, and
in that I also think they were right. Most of the
judges delivered separate opinions, and each one
gave his peculiar reasons for his views. It is
claimed that among the reasons assigned by Judge
Taney is found a dictum, (no one has ever pre-
tended that such a thing is found in the opinion
of any other judge,) that the Constitution of the
United States guaranties to the owner of slaves
the right to take them into and hold them as prop-
erty m the Territories of the United States. If
such was the case, it would be extra-judicial, or
what lawyers call obiter dictum* and would not be
binding, even on the court itself, much less could
it be quoted as authority. But I cannot believe,
nor do I think, anything can be found in the
opinion of Judge Taney justifying the belief that
even he intended to decide that the Constitution
of the United States spreads slavery over the Ter-
ritories belonging thereto. The very fact that he
decided the Missouri compromise line unconsti-
tutional—thus determining that Congress had no
jurisdiction over the question of slavery to limit
its boundaries—forbids the idea. For no propo-
sition is clearer than this: that unless Congress
has the power, under the Constitution, to limit, it
has no power to establish that institution. If the
power exists at all, it must necessarily exist as
an entirety, and not in parts.
In this view I am sustained by Mr. Clay, in his
speech on the compromise measures of 1850, and
by Judge Nelson, of the Supreme Court of the.
United States, and other statesmen and jurists.
In the opinion which Judge Nelson delivered in
the Dred Scott case, he says:
")f Congiess possesses the power, undei the Constitu- ■
tion, to abolish s>Ia.\ery in a Teiniory, it must necessarily
posses the like power to establish it. It cannot bo a one-
sided power, as may suit the convenience or particular
view- ot the advocates, it is a power, if it exists at all,
ovci the whole subject; and then, upon the process ot'rea-
soning winch >eekvto extend its influence beyond the Ter-
ritory and within the limits of a State, if Congiess should
establish, instead of abolishing, slavery, we do not see but
that, if a slave should be removed from the Territory into
a tree State, his status would accompany him, and con-
tinue, notwithstanding its laws against slavery. The laws
of the free States, accoidirtg to the argument, would be dis-
placed, and the act of Congress, in its effect, be substituted
in tlieir place. We do not see how this conclusion could
be avoided, if the construction against which we aie con-
tending should prevail. We are satisfied, however, it is
unsound, and that the true answer to it is, that even con-
ceding. tor the purposes of the argument, that this provis-
ion of the act of Congress is valid within the Territory for
which it was enacted, it can have no operation or effect
beyond us limits, or within the jurisdiction of a State. It
can neither displace its law*, or changc the status or con-
dition of its inhabitants."
But, Mr. Clerk, I do not propose to detain the
House longer on this point, for I do not deem it
necessary to carry out in detail the argument, and
I will dismiss the subject by simply giving the
views of the Hon. Reverdy Johnson upon "it, in
addition to those of Judge Nelson. Mr. Johnson
is universally admitted to be the ablest constitu-
tional lawyer in the United States, and was one
of the counsel engaged in and argued the Dred
Scott case in behalf of the South, and ought to
and does know better than Mr. Buchanan what
was decided. In a publication which ho made a
short time ago, on the subject of popular sover-
eignty, over .he signature of"A Southern Citi-
zen," he says:
"If Congress cannot either prohibit or establish it, can
they legislate to protect such property in such a Teiritory?
This question eeitainlv can only be answered affirmatively
if slaveiy exists m such a Teruioiy 4 by viitue of the Con-
stitution of tiic United States.' if it does so exist, it is
ceitamly within the power of Congress to legislate for its
protection. I)ut docs it so exi&t? fri a special message by
President Buchanan to Congiess, he states that 'it has
been solemnly adjudged by the highest judicial tribunal
known to our laws, that slavery exists m Kansas by viitue
ol the Constitution of the United States.' But the Piesi
dent evidently misapprehended the opinion to which he re-
ferred. There is no such doetiiuc to be found in it, either
in words or by any fair infeiencc. All that the court de-
cided—and as to this point it was the only question before
them—was that the Constitution did not prohibit the insti-
tution, and that it gave no power to Congress to prohibit it.
The proposition before then) was as to the congressional
power. If they had supposed, as the President imputes to
them, that slaverv exists in a Teiritory 4 by virtue of the
! Constitution ot the United States,' they would have been
j saved all further argument, as, if so existing, it would
: cleat ly be be\«nd the reach of congressional power. The
I Picsident's mistake is m convening the absence ot an au-
thority to prohibit it, winch wa< all that the comt held,
into the existence of a i ight,{by viitue of the Constitution,'
to hold unquestioned by teintoriai power slave propeity m
«i Tenitoiy. The eiroi, when pointed out, is so obvious
that it must In' at once copected, to the conviction of the
merest dulidid. The Attorney General is so dissatisfied
with the doctrine that he at lirst defended, with some feel-
ing, the President fiom the chargc of entertaining it. Ilis
defense, to be suie,is not such as gives the Piesulcnt credit
for legal acuteness. Itmakes him merely to adopt and not
originate it. It is to be regretted that an equal sensibility
to the reputation of the court had not impelled 4 tiie Ob-
server' to vindicate the comt also by showing that they
had fallen into no such blunder. Tins would certainly have
proved that although m foim it was one of adoption, the
President was in truth its real author. But yet, justice to
the highest tribunal of our country should be done, who-
ever may suffer by it. < The Constitution (says the Attoi-
ne> Genera!) certainly does not establish siaveiy in the
Teintories <a an> where else,' and 4 nobody in this countiy
ever thought oi said «o;' and yet he complains that the
Douglas artick, does injustice to Mr. Buchanan in stating
that in his message to Congress he aveircd ' that slavery
exists in Kansas by virtue of the Constitution of the United
States,' when, what he did say' was only that the principle
had been adjudged by the highest judicial tribunal known to
our laws.' The Constitution 'certainly does no such thing,
and nobody evei thought or said so,' says ftlr. Attorney; and
yet his complaint is that the President was made s=o to say,,
when what he did say was, that the Supreme Court had
not only so thought, but so said, in a solemn judicial opin-
ion. To vindicate the President b> decaying his Ignoi-
ance, may be the only vindication liie ca^c adiM&i ot, but
it does mote credit to the candor of his mendi/uian to the
Picsidcnt's intelligence." /
Mr. Clerk, if it is constitutional arm proper that
the people of the Territories should en joy the right,
as I hope I have shown, to lay the foundation of
their own society and establish institutions in ac-
cordance with their own notions, is it i^ot equally
proper and right that they should elect their offi-
cers as provided for in a bill I introduced at the
last session of Congress, and which I shall again
introduce and press, at the earliest possible mo-
ment, at this .session ? The President has no more
claim to a Federal policy in the Territories than
he has to one m the States; and there must be an
end put to his inordinate demands and shameless
usurpations, or the executive department will
swallow up all other departments and the rights
of the people. Many troubles have originated from
his sending out his officers there to reflect his own
private opinions and whims, and not those of the
settlers—just as was the case when Great Britain
sent out governors to rule over the American col-
onics, who reflected the will of the Crown, and not
that of the subject In this respect ours has im-
itated the pernicious and anti-republican example
of the English Government. 1 readily concede
that the Democratic party, slow and stinting in its
policy towards our territorial settlements as it has •
been, and as badly as we have acted, have been
far in advance of our enemies. They come along
after us, stop at our camp fires, and growl over
the political offal we leave behind.
One great advance was made by a provision in
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, dispensing with the
submission to Congress, for its approval, of the
territorial laws, leaving the Territorial Legisla-
tures to pass such enactments as they see proper
without intervention or hindrance on our part ^
Let us take another step in the right direction.
Let us abolish from our territorial policy that
lingering relic of British oppression which binds
the people of the Territories to the Executive head
of the Government, as the American colonies were
bound to the Crown. Strike it down, sir; strike
it down. It is a disgrace to our institutions, and-
unjust to our pioneers, who are the forerunners
to open up the way for the advancing step of em-
pire and civil and religious liberty. They are a
glorious band of hardy adventurers, who are the
last men on God's wide earth you can enslave.
There is not as much reason for the President's
appointing the officers to execute the territorial
laws as there is that Congress should pass them.
In this body the different parties are a guard upon
each other, to prevent selfish or improper legis-
lation; while the Executive can act without re-
straint. His appointees, made generally from the
ranks of broken-down politicians, as a reward for
some past service rendered, or in expectation of
future servility, are not men calculated to unfold
the resources ana! give an impetus to the energies
of a new community. They are not practical, and
are too often impressed with the idea of their own
greatness. Holding their places at the will of the
appointing power, they draw the robes of official
dignity about them, and, with pompous strut, trifle
with the people's rights; but when paving their
devotion to the President are very much like an
under character in Shakspeare's plays, who is
always bowing to his superior, and addressing
him, "What will your lordship have?" If the
people could select their own officials, they would
nave better ones, or, at least, would have those of
tlieir own choice; and if not suited, they could
blame no one but themselves, and would have the
power to changc them.
The highest attributes of sovereignty in a Re-
public like ours are vested in its legislative depart-
ment, and if we can trust that to the people why
hesitate to trust them to elect their officers? As
a matter of principle, justice, and right, they
should do it. As o matter of policy, no one can
doubt it, unless he is willing to have liis privileges
as an American citizen swallowed up by power.
Only tyrants^and traitors are afraid to trust the
people. Fewcascsin the Territories,arising under
the laws of the United States, occur. Where they
do, of course there must be United States courts
to try them in; and the bill I introduced contem-
plates their establishment for that purpose, as they
exist in the States. Most of the causes of litiga-
tion arise under the territorial laws which, like
" those of a State," define the rights of persons
and property, provide for the punishment of crimes
and misdemeanors, and afford remedies for wrongs
and so forth. Is there, then, any more reason
why the President should appoint judges to in-
terpret, those laws, and a Governor to see they are
faithfully executed, than there is for his appoint-
ing such officers for the States? I can see none;
and, believing the whole t&ing to be radically
wrong in principle, and mischievous in practice,
I shall not cease to war upon it while I have the
honor of a seat here, unless the abuse is sooner
corrected. I might—but I do not think it neces-
sary that I should—go into an analytical exam-
ination of the question, and hold it up before the
mind of the House and the country in all the de-
tails of its deformity. Every intelligent man will
at oncc see that, upon the bare statement of it, a
great principle has been violated, which underlies
all our free institutions and pervades all our no-
tions of right; and he will come up to the rescue
with a brave heart and determined will, actuated
by that noble sentiment which is as sound in pol-
itics as in Christianity, "do unto others as you
would have others do unto you."
[Here Mr. Morris, of Illinois, after speaking
two hours, gave way at the request of Mr. Hill,
