486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
the other side-motions and resolutions introduced
here are out of order; and all questions of order
which have been grafted upon them are- out of
order and fall with them and may be ruled out of
order by this House. The question is now di-
rectly before the House, whether we will proceed
to the election of a Speaker. Motions of this kind
have been made and entertained time and again.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman wanted his
recollection refreshed in reference to the resolu-
tion in the Thirty-Fourth Congress. I am ready
to do it now. Mr. Clerk, road this resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Wait for a
moment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to give the gentle-
man a chance to comment upon it. *
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
will have a chance to have it read.
Mr. HOUSTON. X want to test the gentle-
man's ingenuity in extricating himself from the
trouble in which he has got. [Cries of " Order!"
from the Republican bcnchcs.]
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from Alabama that the gentleman from
Maine is upon the floor, and that these interrup-
tions are out of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have no sort
of objection to having read any record of mine,
during my service in this House.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 thought the gentleman
asked me for this record. [Cries of "Order!"
from the Republican bcnchcs.]
Mr, WASHBURN, of Maine. I was endeav-
oring to speak to the question, and I do not desire
to be drawn away from it. I say it is in order at
all times to proceed to the choice of a Speaker,
and to proceed to the choice of a Speaker in the
way and manner the House chooses to do it. It
is in order to move to proceed to the choice of a
Speaker by a plurality resolution, providing, if a
Speaker snail not be elected in one, two, three, or
five ballots, the House shall proceed to the elec-
tion of a Speaker by a majority vote, or by a plu-
rality vote, to take effect upon the first ballot; or
to proceed to a vote by armijority rule. Perhaps
a motion to proceed to elect by a majority, might
take precedence of a motion to proceed to elect
by a plurality; or a motion to procecd to clect by
a simple plurality, declaring the member who
should receive upon the first vote the highest num-
ber shall be Speaker, may take precedence of one
providing for a number of votes before an election.
Undoubtedly it would be so. Butin this case we
have a motion of the gentleman from Ohio to pro-
ceed now to choose a Speaker by plurality, and he
has called the previous question upon it. And as
this has been done,the motion cannot be displaced
by a simple motion to procecd to a ballot for
Speaker. The previous question must first be
voted down.
The Clerk has submitted the point of order to
the House whether it will at this time piocecd to
do the only business legitimate before the House
or not. As there is no motion under the Consti-
tution, the laws of Congress, and the parliament-
ary law, that can take precedence of this motion,
I protest against voting upon any other. I repeat,
our business is to proceed in order, under parlia-
mentary law, to elect a Speaker, and to refuse to
vote upon any other question, and to insist upon
a vote upon the direct question.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question right here. How does the gentleman
from Maine propose to dispose of the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mont-
gomery] declaring the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Corwin] temporary Speaker of the House? That
is upon the Journal and is pending, and a question
of order was raised upon that motion.
, Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. No such mo-
tion could be entertained. This is a question of
privilege, and that was not.
Mr. CRAiOrE, of North Carolina. The gentle-
man has forgotten the business before the House.
If he will but think a moment, he will remember
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hick-
man] several days ago made a motion to correct
the Journal. Subsequent to that, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] made a point
of order that nothing was in order but the election
of a Speaker. That question of order is pending,
as well as the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to correct the Journal. The proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickman] was not entertained at that time—
which the gentleman says is now the only ques-
tion before the House—for the reason that there
were two propositions already before the House,
and that the House could not entertain two ques-
tions at the same time. Now we have three: first,
the question raised by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] then that of the other
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stf.vens,]
and still the gentleman insists that the only ques-
tion before the House is the motion to proceed to
the election of a Speaker; and that, too, when the
House had already determined that it was not m
order, on account of the pendency of the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hickmax] to correct the Journal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The House has
acted upon the principle that it was in order at any
time to move to proceed to a vote for Speaker.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That was
by general consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. General con-
sent has of late never been asked, and has never
been given. Gentlemen have made the motion to
proceed to a vote for Speaker again and again, and
called the previous question upon it, and I sub-
mit if the House has acted upon that principle,
and established the rule by which they will be
governed—or rather has so far acted upon the old
and true rule that a motion to vote for Speaker is
always in order, and cannot be displaced by other
motions—therefore, when the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Hutchins] rises and moves that the
House now proceed to elect a Speaker, the fact
that he proposes to elect by a plurality does not
render tlic motion out of order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman says that the House has established the
precedent that we can proceed to ballot for Speaker
at any time. Now, I say that has only been done
by general consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
not.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If objec-
tion had been made, the point of order now raised
would have been enforced, and we could not have
proceeded to vote for Speaker until those other
question s to which I have referred were disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. To show that
the gentleman is mistaken, I have but to call the
attention of the House to the fact that, in every
instance, the question has been put to the House,
and the House has voted that they would proceed
to a ballot for Speaker, which would never have
been necessary if the voting had been by unani-
mous consent. A vote implies the absence of con-
sent.
Now, if the gentleman from Alabama desires
to have a record read upon me, I have no sort of
objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will do so, when you gen-
tlemen get through.
Mr. SICKLES obtained the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly.
Mr. BURNETT. If I understand the position
of the gentleman from Maine, it is this: That
side of the House takes the position that all the
propositions that have been introduced are out of
order, and that nothing is in order except the
election of a Speaker. Now, without giving my
own opinion, 1 desire to ask the gentleman from
Maine whether or not I understand his position?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
docsa
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Maine
says I do. 1 then ask him whether we have not
the example of that side of the House, on almost
an identically similar resolution to that offered by
the gqntlcman from Missouri ? If that gentleman
will refer to the Journal of the session of 1855-56,
he will find that the following resolution was sub-
mitted:
"Resolved, That, regarding the political complexion of
the present House of Representatives as indicating the un-
doubted sentiments or a large majoiity of the people ot the
United States against the act of the last Congress repeal-
ing the restriction against slavery in the Territories of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, imposed by the compromise of 1820, no
man ought to be choscn Speaker of this body who does not
fullv anH heartily harmonize with that sentiment, or who
will hesitate to exert himself earnestly for the restoration
ot that restriction m terms or in substance."
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Who sub-
mitted that resolution?
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Dunn, of Indiana. The
question was put on agreeing to the first of the
series of resolutions submitted by Mr. Dunn; and
on that proposition we find that side of the House
voting, every one of them, that the proposition
was in order. The gentleman from Maine him-
self stands on the record; and yet they tell us
now that a resolution embodying the same prin-
ciple , though on a different state of facts, is clearly
out of order. Here is the vote, by yeas and nays,
on that resolution:
"YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Bar-
bour, Henry Bennett, Benson, JSillinghurst, Bingham, Bish-
op, Bli&s, Bradfehaw, Brenton, Buffmton, Burhngame,
Lexvis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson, Colfax, Coinins,
Covode, Ciagin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Da 
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dixon, Dodd, Dunn, Durfec, Edic,
Emrie, Giddings, Gilmer, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Harrison, Holloway, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine
B. Horton, Howard, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, JLciter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty,
Meacham, Killian Miller, Moore, Moigan, Morrill, Mott,
JMurray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton,
Pennington, Ferry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie,
Itobbms, Roberts, Sabm, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Spmner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, EllihuB. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, WoodJ&VoodrufF, and Wood worth
—102,
<4NAYS—'Messrs. Aiken,Allen, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie,Boyce, Branch, Broom,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carlile,Caruthers,
(Jaskie, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobfcr,
Cox, Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell, Edtnundson, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Foster, Henry M.
Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, J. Morribon Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Haven, Jlerbeit, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidweii, Lake,
Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Mdhvard, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine,
Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puiyear, Q.uitman, Reade,
Ready,Kicand, Richardson, Ruffin, Kust, Sandidge, Savage,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Stephen*, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wells,
Wheeler, Wlntney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wiight. and Zolhconer—103."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I recollect that
in that contest, by a sort of common consent, dis-
cussion went on for some weeks, although it was
regarded perhaps as irregular. I am not aware,
and I ask the gentleman to state, if he remembers,
whether the point of order was raised or not, or
whether there was any question of order before
the House ?
Mr. BURNBTT. It does not matter whether
the question of order was raised or not, or what
my recollection is in regard to it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I dg not
understand that the question of order was raised
at all at that time.
Mr. HOUSTON. They offered the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Maine. Who offered it?
A gentleman who did not vote for the candidate
of this side of the House, but who was operating
and laboring, during the entire canvas for Speaker,
in opposition to this side of the House. He offered
this resolution, I doubt not, as an amendment or
offset to some resolution previously offered.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman be correct
in stating that no question was raised 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let me ask
how the gentleman on the other side of the House
voted on that question?
Mr. BURNETT. If there was no question of
order raised, that is a conclusive argument in favor
of the position taken by this side of the House on
the question now pending. Why? Because, if
we made no question of order, it shows that we
believed that such a resolution was in order. We
voted against the resolution; but I believe that all
the gentlemen on the other side, with one or two
exceptions, voted for it; and thereby solemnly
declared it to be in order and proper to be offered.
There is another fact connected with this mat-
ter. Every time we have moved to proceed to a
ballot, general consent has been asked. Now, I
ask the gentleman from Maine, what sort of elas-
ticity of conscience permits a gentleman in one
Congress to declare that a thing is in order, and
to vote for it, and at another Congress take a
directly opposite position ? And for what pur-
pose ? In order to override not only the precedent
fixed by himself, but all parliamentary usage; to
enable him to force an election of Speaker in a
manner not only unconstitutional, in my judg-
ment, but in violation of the fixed rules and pre-
cedents of the House.
