2460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
notmaintained that;'although,probably, it might
be good law in the absence of the assent of the
State; but it is nor essential for the purpose of
my argument.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Not by right,
but by comity. I take it that the Bank of Eng-
land can hold a house and lot in the city of Wash-
ington, and, by comity, our courts will recognize
their title.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I must pro-
test against that doctrine. 1 do not think that any
foreign corporation can hold land in any other
jurisdiction except by the consent of that juris-
diction .
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Provided the
charter authorizes it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No matter
■whether the charter authorizes it or not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I entirely agree
with the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
if the local law do not recognize the foreign cor-
poration; but we are getting now into theoretical
questions. I am speaking about the practical dif-
ficulties which meet gentlemen in executing this
bill. .
There is a provision in the bill that a certain
amount of money and of the lands shall be paid
and granted when fifty miles of the road shall be
completed. But the mere requisition of the com-
pletion of fifty miles of the road prior to the pay-
ment of any money, the issuing of bonds, or the
issuing of patents to the land, does not obviate
the difficulty in the present form of the bill. Sup-
pose they remain an unincorporated association:
the very moment they come to the Land Office to
get patents, the question is, in what name shall
the patents issue? In the course of three or four
years, ten, fifteen, twenty, or thirty of the sub-
scribers may have died; they may have died be-
fore any right may have become absolute, but
during the time that it was gradually accruing.
How are we to adjust the rights of parties in such
a state of case as that ? •
The provisions of the bill further are, that in
the event of the road not being completed within
a particular time, the whole road shall be for-
feited; the United States shall be at liberty to
make a contract with other parties for its comple-
tion; and that the other parties shall be entitled
to take the road at whatever it may be worth.
Where is the machinery, either in any court or
in the Government of the United States, for exe-
cuting so astounding a confiscation as that? By
what process will you value an uncompleted rail-
road over the Rocky Mountains? What com-
pany can you get to pay down the money and
invest it to that extent? What court has juris-
diction, or could have jurisdiction, of questions to
settle the rights in such a case ? Look at it, and
you see it is wholly impracticable.
These are some of the difficulties that strike me,
and they are enough for the purpose for which I
rose. 1 respectfully submit to the House that
there are but two practical modes of accomplish-
ing the work which we, almost all of us', desire
- to see accomplished. A voluntary association is
out of the question. The work can be accom-
plished only under the authority of the United
States; only under an act of incorporation created
by Congress, or by the direct action of the Gov-
ernment, exactly as it builds forts and improves
harbors. The latter is the method that I would
F refer; but if gentlemen prefer to take the other,
am content to take the other. But I am not
sanguine of its success in attracting private cap-
ital. I think that this bill should be referred back
to the committee which has so long had it under
consideration, in order that it may be perfected in
its details, and made one which ispractfcable under
the laws of the country; for when the law passes
from our hands, it is just what the courts will ex-
ecute, and nothing else.
Om other observation, and I have done. 1
hesitate my self to create a corporation holding the
stupendous power which must be vested in any
corporation which is to execute this work with-
putmany limitation and provisions for controlling
it, not in the bill, and which State or territorial
authority might not insert. The grant of land, I
think, creates the most stupendous monopoly that
the country ever saw, I fear that any new States
creatable on the line of this road would feel very un-
comfortable to have a railroad corporation passing
through their jijidst wielding the enormous power
of from one hundred and fifty to two hundred mil-
lion dollars of capital, for I suppose that work will
not be executed for less than that. There ought to
boa provision, whenever a company is created by
the United States for the execution of this work,
that as States shall successively come into being,
the incorporation shall be subdivided, so that one
corporation shall only be coextensive with the
particular State within whose limits that portion
of the road runs. And then stipulations in order
to protect the United States in respect to all the
successive fragments into which this great cor-
portion created by the Government may and must
ultimately be broken. In that,orsome such way,
we must provide against the difficulties that may
arise in respect to the jurisdiction of the sover-
eignties that will arise from year to year, and
which will ultimately cover the whole line of the
road. In this manner alone can we secure per-
fect freedom to them from every kind of undue
influence by a non-resident corporation, which
may otherwise be exerted upon the State authori-
ties. A provision should, of course, be made, by
which the mails and military supplies should be
transported, and also for taking possession of the
road by the Government for its exclusive use in
time of war.
Now, Mr. Speaker, without calling for a vote
upon the motion, I move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the select committee for amendments
and perfection as to its details.
Mr. MILLSON. A few minutes since I sought
the floor for the purpose of calling the attention
of the Homfe to tne very defects—if they may be
considered defects—in the bill, which the gentle-
man from Maryland has just pointed out.
Mr. HAMILTON. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds, I desire to ask the gentleman from Mary-
land that the pending amendments to the bill
may likewise be recommitted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. They are included
in the motion to recommit.
Mr. MILLSON. Oil perusing the bill, I had
discovered these, as it seemed to me, extraordi-
naiy provisions; and as I read them, anticipating,
as 1 did, the passage of the bill, I was comforted
and consoled under the predictions and forebod-
ings of my colleague from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
and the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Hamilton,]
who endeavored to depict the injustice of the bill
to the South, and the extent of the disasters con-
sequent upon its passage. I say I was consoled;
because, when I examined the provisions of the
bill, I satisfied myself that the apprehensions of
these gentlemen had exaggerated its evil conse-
quences, and that no practical result whatever
could follow from the adoption of this measure.
Nay, sir, unless I misinterpreted the provisions
of the bill, and miscalculated its practical opera-
tions, I might almost be justified in drawing the
conclusion that the gentleman from Iowa, in ex-
amining the nature of this scheme, was so im-
pressed with its magnitude and difficulty that he
had prepared a bill for the very purpose of pre-
venting the construction of a Pacific railroad at
all. 1 supposed that, owing allegiance to the
party of which he is a very distinguished mem-
ber, he felt himself bound by the recent declara-
tion of opinion at Chicago to hold up to the peo-
ple of the United States the promise of a Pacific
railroad; but that he was himself so well aware
of the difficulties of accomplishing this work, that
he felt it due to himself, to Congress, and to the
public Treasury, to provide for its practical de-
feat.
I will not say that the gentleman ascertained,
from investigation, that it was impossible to ac-
complish this work, for, were I so to speak, I
should drawdown upon myself the denunciations
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Barrett,]
who maintained that there was nothing in it that
was impossible, and who seemed to be affected
with so much disgust at the mere suggestion, that
he even ventured to say that, if Almighty wisdom
were again to undertake the construction of the
world, there would be some men who would ob-
ject to the scheme as impracticable. It may be
so. We may have amongst us such men as Sir
Godfrey Kneller, who, when told by Pope that,
if the Supreme Being should reconstruct the world,
he might get some useful hints from himself, re-
plied, with great complacency, "I believe He
might, Mr. Pope; I believe He might." I do not
know that anything can be said to be impossible.
Certainly it would be rash in any of us to venture
to assign limits to human progress. The French
philosopher Fontenejle and the English Bishop of
Chester attempted to demonstrate that it was pos-
sible we might one day travel to the moon. I do
not think they ever indicated any mode by which
this great result could be accomplished; but cer-
tainly they did not propose,as the gentleman from
Iowa seems to have done, to suggest the employ-
ment of means which were calculated to obstruct
the attainment of the object. Perhaps if they had
lived to the present day, and had been told of the
great discoveries of Le Verrier, they might have
suggested not only the possibility but the method
of accomplishing thi^ object. Perhaps, as it is
said another comet is" to visit our system in the
course of the present year, they might have im-
proved upon the discovery of Le Verrier, and
invented some artificial attraction by which this
great comet might be deflected from its course,
and made to approach and land gently upon the
earth; and thus we might commence our voyage,
sustained by its atmosphere and nourished by its
productions.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
says, and says truly, that there is no charter, no
corporation, no company, no perpetual succes-
sion; that the lands must go to the heirs-at-law.
Now, how is that to be avoided ?
Mr. CURTIS. If the gentleman will allow me, I
have said to the gentlemen from Maryland, and I
now say to the gentleman from Virginia, that the
bill does not contemplate a grant of land, and
these persons will not be the recipients until they
have accomplished a certain thing, which they
cannot accomplish without first being incorpora-
ted. I ask the gentleman,in all fairness, to meet
the point. After they have been incorporated,
and in a proper position to go to work and build
fifty miles of road, then they become the recip-
ients of this expectancy. No right inures until
after they are incorporated. What use, then, is
there of talking about heirs ? I hope the gentleman
will come down to that point, and answer it. No
title to the land inures until after they have been
incorporated.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not know that it is any
reproach to the gentleman from Iowa that he is
not a lawyer.
Mr. CURTIS. I must look upon it as a re-
proach, for I had the honor of graduating at the
law, and of practicing some. [Laughter.]
Mr. MILLSON. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I had no idea of disparaging the profes-
sional ability of the gentleman. 1 supposed that
he was not a lawyer; and I so supposed because
I was informed that the gentleman had never been
a lawyer. But lawyers will ditfer, and it is no
impeachment of the gentleman's professional skill
that lie should differ fron^ other lawyers on a
question so erudite as this.
But the gentleman says that there is no grant
at all to these persons, except upon condition.
Unquestionably that is so. All the provisions of
the bill must be considered together, and the grant
is made upon condition; but does not the gentle-
man perceive that if the grantees die, as no pro-
vision is made for succession, or for the passing
of the property to the survivors, the title must
descend to the heirs-at-law, if real, or to the exec-
utor, if personal estate? This would be the case
even were the parties named as trustees—the heirs
alone could take the legal title. There would be
a descent, and the only mode of avoiding the op-
eration of this principle of law, is either by con-
firming the grant to these persons and to the
survivors of them, or to give them a chartcr of
incorporation, and grant them perpetual succes-
sion.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman does not meet
the legal point I have made, and that is, that the
title remains in the Government of the United
States—the equitable and legal title. How can
there be an inheriteuce when there is no such
thing as an investment? Everybody knows that
the united States always retains its own title in
all its land grants to all railroad companies until
they are all organized.
Mr. MILLSON. An equitable title is as in-
heritable as a legai title. There is some title
granted to these persons. The terms of the law
are that there be, and hereby is, granted, and so
on, and then there is this provision:
" Provided, That so soon as the terms of this act are
