1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2451
accepted by the parties undertaking to perform the services
herein provided for, it shall be the duty ot~ the Presidcntof
the United States, upon the application of said parties, to
cause tlift public lands for six miles on each side of so much
of euell road as the parties may indicate, to be withheld
from settlement, sale, and occupation, until the lands shall
have been surveyed,and the alternate sections selected, as
provided in this act."
And there is another provision, that all the
grants made in this bill are made on the terms
and conditions specified. Now the point of my
objection is that all of these parties are beneficia-
ries under this law—all of them; and that unless
all of them signify their acceptance to the Gov-
ernment, it is voiu.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Cuktis] point out that section
of this bill which requires, as a condition prece-
dent to any grant of land, that the persons named
in the first section shall first become incorporated?
Mr. CURTIS. There is nothing expressed;
but there is something implied.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It had tetter be
made explicit.
Mr. CURTIS. I have no objection to that.
There is this provision in the bill:
" Provided, That in any incoiporation of themselves, or
With others as stockholders or partners, to carry out the
provisions of this act, no person shall be permitted to sub-
scribe stock ton greater amount than tils cash value of las
estate, to be deteunined by the parties herein named, by
oath or otherwise."
The amendment which passed yesterday also
includes the idea of an incorporation.
Mr. MILLSON. Upon such terms and con-
ditions as are stated here, if one of them die, the
interest of that party, whether it be a legal or an
equitable interest, descends to the heir-at-law.
Remember that the bili provides that each and all
the grants made in this bill to the parties afore-
said are made on the terms and conditions speci-
fied in this act. That requires the consent of all
of the parties. If there 'be a single party named
in this bill, or associated with those named in
this bill, who shall withhold his consent, the law
will become inoperative.
Now, sir, the gentleman says that there will be
a chartered corporation. By whom is that char-
ter given? It is not given by Congress. Thcgen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] have
correctly said thnt a charter granted by any State
■would have no validity but within the limits of
the State where granted, and cannot regulate real
estate in any other jurisdiction than that over
■which the legislative body has the right to exer-
cise control. Suppose the charter isgranted: what
will you do with this fourth section of the law?
It says:
" Jlnd be it further enactcd, That whenever either of said
parties shall have fifty consecutive iniles of any portion of
said lailioad and tele«iaph line ready for the service con-
templated by this act," &e.
Mr. CURTIS. That is a misprint; and I ask
the unanimous consent of the House that the
words " either of " shall be stricken out. It was
intended to say that whenever "said parties,"
and not "either of said parties." The words " a
majority of said parties" would be the proper
words to use, as the first section of the bill uses
similar language.
Mr. MILLSON. I take the bill as I find it;
and although the amendment proposed by the
gentleman would obviate thedifficulty I wasabout
to suggest, yet the mode proposed by the gentle-
man from Iowa will not avoid it altogether. He
proposes to insert the words "that whenever
these parties or a majority of them." Now, the
very difficulty is this: that if there be an incor-
poration, if this be a company, then the United
States ought not to issue its bonds to any but a
company; and if the United States issue its bonds
to any parties named in this bill as it now stands,
then 1 undertake to say that the Government of
the United States will lose its bonds altogether;
for they would issue bonds to irresponsible per-
sons.
Mr. CURTIS. Gentlemen have raised two
objections to this bill; and therefore I move to
recommit the bill to the committee.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask now that
discussion be confined to the amendment under
consideration.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wash-
burn of Maine in the chair.) The Chair sup-
poses that general debate is in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The rftotion to
recommit cannot take precedence of the question
before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is a mo-
tion, by way of amendment, fo substitute a new
bill for the present bill, and under that motion
general discussion would be in order, in reference
to a Pacific railroad.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE; I would ask the
Chair if there is not an amendment pending to the
original bill, and whether that does not t£^e pre-
cedence of the motion to substitute ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It does not. We
are now in the House, and general discussion
upon the merits of the question is in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the Chair
for the reading of the rule applicable to this point.
I imaginp that each amendment is under discus-
sion as it is offered, and that it is in order to move
to close debate upon each amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is not
aware of any particular rule upon the subject;,
but such is the general practice under the parlia-
mentary law. But further than that, a motion to
recommit is now made.
Mr. CURTIS. I regret that the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] my colleague on
the committee,'did notoffer an amendment to ob-
viate the difficulties which he suggests to the bill.
He has proposed two modes by which he would
obviate what he claims to be insurmountable ob-
stacles. One difficulty he suggests is, that this
company is hot incorporated, and therefore that
this land would be vested in individual members
of the company and their heirs. Now, in reply
to that objection, I say that no land passes by this
bill. Everything is in expectancy. If the poisons
named in this bill, and their associates, go on and
build fifty milesof road, the Government proposes
to advance them,in the shapeof bonds,compensa-
tion for the services they will then commence and
proceed to render to the Government.
But the gentleman from Maryland further says
that these gentlemen cannot incorporate them-
selves, so as to be enabled to operate m the sev-
eral States and Territories. I understand that to
be the main front of his objection. Now,it must
be conceded by every one here that these persons
takenothing by this bill except an expectancy. It
provides that, if tlicygoon and do a certain thing,
they shall be paid for it. If they do nothing, they
get nothing. And the question is raised, can they
incorporate themselves, so as to have perpetuity,
hold lands, convey property, and do any and
everything to make a rqad to California? The
gentleman from Maryland seems to think that it
is impossible for them to do so by getting a char-
ter in a given State. I think otherwise. The first
object of getting a charter in a State is to give them
perpetuity. They certainly can get that, and gen-
tlemen will not question it. If they wish to carry
their line through different States, they must, I
admit, be incorporated in those different States.
They must get a charter in the States, through the
different States andTerritoricsthiough which they
desire to build the road. Is that an insurmount-
able obstacle f There is not even a ferry upon the
Mississippi which is not obliged to have charters
or licenses; and very often, to my knowledge,
they have charters on each side, thus operating ill
two States. The Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
running through several States, must have cor-
porate powers in different States. I would like
to know how the gentleman from Maryland could
conceive of the incorporation of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad ? Is not that an incorporation which
operates through two or three different States,
running from his own State and from his own
city ? How did they get that power ? Did they
overcome impossibilities ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Virginia gave as-
sent.
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly; and so will every
State and Territory of the United States through
which they propose to construct this railroad.
Did you ever hear of a State or Territory refus-
ing, upon request, to give a reasonable and proper
charter for the construction of any road through
their domain? Some years ago it was my busi-
ness to aid in the inauguration of a system of rail-
roads running through Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa
—three States. And how was this effected? A
formula for a charter was adopted, which I sup-
posed would answer the purpose, aad it was pre-
, sented to the Legislatures of the different States,,
: and secured without difficulty, thus securing a
i common charter through each of those States.-
| jNow, I do not believe that any difficulty w,ould
1 arise, in the incorporation of these individuals to
carry on this v/oik, any more than I experienced,
upon that occasion. Many of your rail routes are
incorporated for the purpose of running through
the different States, and having connection^
throughout entire lines beyond the first charter.
How was the ocean steamship company incorpo4
rated? And do not they operate upon the high
seas and in foreign ports? And how is it that the
Tehuantepec Company operates not only in the
United States, but in Tehuantepec and Mexico 
accompany incorporated in Louisiana?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. By the permis-
sion of Mexico.
Mr. CURTIS. And so can this company get
the permission of the Territories through which,
they wish to operate their road.
Now, the remedy which the honorable gentle-
man from Maryland proposes, is, first, that Con-
gress shall incorporate the company. I would
not object to that, so far as my own individual
feelings and scruples are concerned; but I know
that such scruples do exist, and very likely such
a corporation would meet the veto of the Presi-
dent of the United States. I have, therefore,
deemed such a plan impracticable.
The other mode proposed by the gentleman is,
that the Government shall proceed directly to the
construction of this work as it proceeds to build
a fort or other national work. There is no man
in the House who would be more in favor of do-
ing the work by the Government, if the legislative
and ihc excutive departments of the Government
so united, and were qualified to comprehend and
carry out such an idea. If I had my own way
about, it, I would raise an army of engineers and
sappers and miners, and put them under drill and
discipline, and I would place them upon the. work,
organized in companies of hundreds and thou-
sands, similar to our Army organization; and I
would keep this army of workmen upon the line,
fiom the Missouri river to the Pacific^ till the loco-
motives would run through. I proposed to carry
out the measure in this way, and made a speech
to this effect, in 1839, at the great Pacific railroad
convention, in the city of St. Louis.
But, if the gentleman'from Maryland had ex-
amined the languag%of the President of the Uni-
ted States, in his first message to Congress, he
would have seen that Ihc President says that this
work should not be done by the Government di-
rectly; that it must be done by private capital,
assisted by the Government of the United States.
So the gentleman from Maryland proposes an-
other plan, which must inevitably be a failure,so
long as we have the present President of the Uni-
ted States. I know the gentleman's object is to
go forward immediately; and if so, he must see
at once that there is an insuperable and an insur-
mountable obstacle to immediate success on that
plan. The gentleman has proposed no remedy
for that which I do not regard as a difficulty in
the progress of this measure.
The honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson,] with whom I had the honor to act in
the former Congress on the Pacific railroad, is
opposed to the whole scheme; and I am not sur-
prised that in his remarks he should give the
House to understand that the idea is perfectly vis-
ionary. I am glad, however, that I have awakened
lus ideas to the necessity of replyingto the argu-
ments adduced in favor of this measure. But, sir,
he has always regarded it as visionary. The idea
of making two thousand miles of railroad is a ter-
rible thing. That is a moonshine idea in the opin-
ion of the honorable gentleman from Old Virginia.
Ho has so long looked at thd impossibility and
impracticability of almost anything of a national
character; he has so long regarded the Govern-
ment of the United States as a mere negative, a
power which cannot be made efficient to do good
m any way, viewing things from his fossilized
position in the Old Dominion, I am not surprised
that he now comes forward and expresses the idea
that for me, or any other man hi this House, to
propose for the Government of the United States
to construct a road through our Territories, con-
necting our Pacific States by a railroad, is as vis-
ionary as some of the schemes of progress for
traveling to the moon. Now, with till due defer-
