1859.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
36m Cong.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Beps.
dition to nominating county officers, creating committees,
&c , it appoints delegates to alJ the superior conventions
held within and for the State. The legislative, senato-
rial, congie&&ionaI, and State conventions, are each com-
posed of'delegates chosen by the county conventions. They
each perfbi m the same duties within their respective spheres
as the county conventions do within their own, except that
the legislative and congressional conventions do not send
delegates to any other convention. The State convention
sends delegates to the national convention, winch is the
highest tribunal known to the organization of the party.
The national convention exercises a controlling power
over the Democracy of the whole Union, nominates can-
didates for the Piessidency and Vice Presidency, and settles
authoritatively all questions, touching the organization or
the policy of the partv.
" Connected with the State organization is the legisla-
tive caucus. It is composed of the Democratic members
of the Legislature, and its province is to decide, during the
sessions of the Legislature, what measures shall be sup-
ported by the party. If the Governor be a Democrat, he is
ex officio the head of the paity in the State, and has a rec-
ognized right to suggest measures for the consideration of
the caucus.
" Connected with the national convention is the congres-
sional caucus. It is compobed of the Democratic Senators
and Representatives, and during the sessions of Congress
it decides authoritatively all paj ty questions,administers the
party law, determiHe^ what shall be made paity measures,
and exercises a general supervision and control over the
interests of the party thioughout the Union, it the Piesi-
dent and his advisers are Democrats, they bear the same
genei al relation to the congressional caucus that they do to
Congress itself."
Mr.MORRIS, of Illinois. There it is! The
President claimed to be the supreme dictator of
the party ! Comment, Mr. Clerk, is unnecessary
upon such monstrous doctrine; and yet it is but
a twin-brother to the power claimed by the Pres-
ident, that the Constitution spreads slavery over
the Territories.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I am going- to talk for a little
while longer to southern Democrat!?, upon my
own responsibility, and in my own way. 1 rep-
resent, m part, the western Democracy here—
that Democracy which is conservative, and has no
interest in quarreling either with the North or the
South, for she is connected with both by the ties
of commerce and consanguinity. Their vast pos-
sessions have been overspread by men from both
sections, and they feel entirely competent to and
will bind both over to keep the peace one towards
the other, if it becomes necessary. I know your
high mettle, your impetuous nature, your warm
blood, your clashing chivalry, and your sensitive
pride, and I do not wonder that you arc restless
and discontented at the treaso.. of northern Abo-
litionists against your institutions; but you must
not hold the Democracy responsible. We of that
section have stood together with you in many a
hard-fought contest, and want to stand with you
still, if we can do so on the broad foundation of
principle. All your constitutional rights we have
defended, when we have been proscribed for it at
home. We mean to defend them still; but we
do not recognize as one of those rights, nor did
you in 1856, when the Cincinnati platform was
adopted, that you can carry your slaves into a
Territory of the United States and hold them there
as property,in defiance of the decree orwill of the
people inhabiting it; and we want you distinctly (o
understand that. You heretofore agreed to it, and
we want you to be faithful to that agreement, not
violate it. In the language of Mississippi's dis-
tinguished Senator, we want " neither to_ cheat
nor to be cheated." We shall stand by it our-
selves, inside the lines of party organization, and
on the 23d day of April next, shall go up to the
Charleston convention from the free States, repre-
senting one million two hundred and twenty-four
thousand seven hundred and fifty men who cast
their votes in those States for Buchanan and
Breckinridge in 1856, against six hundred and
nine thousand five hundred and eighty-seven cast
for them, at the same election, m the slave States;
be ing but twelve thousand one hundred and ninety-
eight more than were given in the single State of
New York for the presidential candidates at that
time. We shall meet you there with fio unkind
feeling, but as brethren. Wc shall have no-acri-
mony, no epithets, no abuse to bestow upon you;
and we have no doubt but our good wishes will
be reciprocated. While I tell you this, I want to
tell you at the same time, so you will not be dis-
appointed, that we do not intend to declare m the
platform of principles that the Constitution car- ;
nes slavery into the Territories, and establishes it
there m defiance of the public wish. We do not
intend to declare that it is the duty of the Ter-
New Series—No. 5.
ritorial Legislatures cither to pass laws for or
against slavery. We do not intend to declare
that, in any possible event, Congress has the right
to pass, or that k is our duty to pass, laws for
its protection in the Territories. Wo do not in-
tend to declare in favor of repealing existing
laws for the suppression of the slave trade. We
do not intend to declare that the neutrality laws
ought to be repealed, and hostile expeditions
allowed to be fitted out within the jurisdiction of
the United States against friendly or neutral Pow-
ers. But we do intend to declare in favor of the
Cincinnati platform, and neither raise nor submit
to any new tests, unless it is we will not recog-
nize any man as a Democrat who is not for the
Union as it is, and is willing to fight his battles
inside of it and not out. Not a delegate in that
convention from a free State, except, perhaps, it
may be those from California, not even those from
Pennsylvania, although they be Mr. Buchanan's
most dependent retainers, will dare to enunciate
the sentiments that some of you have avowed
touching your assumed right to introduce slavery
into the Territories in opposition to the popular
will. We shall differ from you. Yet we differ
as friends, and, although we differ widely, we
shall call on you to return to your first love, the
Cincinnati platform, and shall expect you to do
it as an act of justice to us and fairness to your-
selves. Our delegation will be much the largest,
and we shall represent double as many people as
you, and let me ask if a minority should require
a majority to yield and adopt their plans and
views? Let me ask southern Democrats—I put
it to their patriotism, their conscience and their
honor, whether tliey will have a right, moral or
political, to ask a delegation representing one
million two hundred and twenty-four thousand
seven hundred and fifty voters to go over to those
representing six hundred and nine thousand five
hundred and eighty-seven r Wc would like, gen-
tlemen, to oblige you, but we cannot do it 111 that
respect. We shall go to the Charleston conven-
tion and vindicate your right to the fugitive slave
law and to a fair and impartial execution of it. We
shall denounce all intervention in your State affairs,
we shall fix the seal of our reprobation on the in-
surrectionary movement of John Brown and his
guilty confederates ill Virginia, and declare it a
necessary result of the " irrepressible-conflict"
doctrine; but at the same time with the sentiment
blazoned all over our banner, in words of living
light, " the people of a Territory like those of a
State shall decide for themselves whether they
will or will not have slavery within their limits. '
We shall do more—we shall with you nominate
the right man and place him upon the right plat-
form of principles; a man that can be elected, and
has a soul sufficiently capacious to embrace the
whole Union, (and we have many such;) and we
shall then go up to battle, as we were wont to do
of old, as a united and harmonious army, and
victory will perch upon our banner again, and we
will mingle our voices ill one accord at the glori-
ous result.
Mr. Clerk, I will only add,in conclusion, that
I cannot brmgmysdf to believe that the American
Union has yet fulfilled its high destiny. If so, its
career has indeed been short, but brilliant, if so,
it has only proven an ignis fatuus to the friends
of civil and religions liberty, and lived only long
enough for them to taste its sweet waters, and
then have them turn to bitterness. When the day
shall come that rends it asunder, it will bring with
it a long night of darkness and despair. Civil dis-
cord will rage, and the hissing and cracking flames
of consuming cities, town?, and dwellings will
light up the pathway to death. The whole land
will be stained with fraternal blood and dressed
in the weeds of mourning. No one need hug to
his bosom the delusive phantom that there will be
a peaceable dissolution. Woe unto us when that
day coraeth ! The uproar and horror consequent
upon it cannot be compared, in the imagination,
as a political event, to anything h'ss Lerufic than
the primeval day when earth's convulsions ele-
vated the mountains, leveled the plains, plowed
out the ways of lib' i iwrs, poured lhe waters from
their hidden caverns out at countless openings,
and they went leaping and dashing along then-
unfettered course, with a wild and maddened shout,
to the great ocean that swallowed them up, and
the world's surface settled down into its present ■
form!
During the delivery of the foregoing speech, of
which Mr. Morris has handed us his report, the
following interruptions took place:.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the gentleman allow me a
moment?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. No, sir; not now.
Mr. SCOTT. The gentleman is commenting
upon the political history of my State, and if he
will allow me five minutes, I will set him right.
It seems to me wrong for a gentleman to arraign
the political condition of a State represented-upon
this floor, and notallow her representatives to cor-
rect his statements.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I think it probable
that I should not agree with the gentleman from
California in reference to the struggle in that
State, and I do not think it necessary to discuss
the matter here.
Mr. SCOTT. I will give the gentleman figures,
and meet him upon the issue at any time he wishes
to make it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have stated what
the facts are in reference to the instructions of the
Legislature in regard to the Lecompton constitu-
tion.
Mr. SCOTT. I give notice now, and I wish
the House to hear it, that the gentleman refuses
to allow me to make a correction of his remarks.
After he gets through, I will reply to that portion
of his remarks having reference to California pol-
itics.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have no objection
to the gentleman giving his version of the history
of political matters in California-, but I can say to
him that perhaps they are understood vastly dif-
ferent by the people of the Atlantic States from
the manner in which he understands it.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir; because the Black Re-
publicans have put a different color upon it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, if, at any time, I
make a mistake, or do not state facts correctly, I
will take pleasure in making the correction. I
concluded this morning that I would not give way
to any gentleman, but finish my remarks.
Mr. MILLSON. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will interrupt him for a moment. The
gentleman's appeals are made to southern Demo-
crats ; and the gentleman has declared that it is the
intention of northern Democrats, atCharleston, to
tell the southern Democrats, among other things,
that it is not the intention of northern Democrats
to reestablish the African slave trade, or to repeal
the. laws prohibiting the African slave trade, or
to repeal the neutrality laws: ail which would seem
to imply that the gentleman from Illinois supposes
that the southern Democracy intend to ask those
changes in the established policy of the Govern-
ment. I want to suggest to the gentleman from
Illinois, if that is his meaning, that he is not war-
ranted m supposing that it is the purpose of the
southern Democracy, or any of them, to ask any
of these changes. And I think it the mere incum-
bent upon myself, at this time, to offer this sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Illinois, because I
have seen, with some regret, that, from erroneous
reports in many northern papers, my own posi-
tion upon these questions has been misrepresented
and perhaps misunderstood, from their attributing
tome the remarks made by another gentleman
upon this floor, and ascribing to me the declara-
tion that I was not prepared to say whether I
might not, at some future time, be willing to re-
vive the African slave trade.
I have risen, however, more particularly to
rescue the southern Democracy from the unjust
imputation—though I am sure the gentleman did
not design it—that they were ill favor of reviving
the African slave trade, or repealing the laws pro-
hibiting that trade, or of repealing our neutrality
laws.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman from
Virginia has forgotten, I presume, what I said yes-
terday. I then stated distinctly thatl was speak-
ing, and would speak, in what I had J > say, of
what I regard as ultra doctrines, exclusively to
ultra southern men, and that I must lie sounder-
stood throughout my remarks. I wish to be so
understood now. I know, sir, and I am proud
of the fact, that in this House, as well as else-
where, nearly the entire body of southern Demo-
