1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. "Will the gentle-
man from Kentucky allow me to ask him whether
he believes this resolution in order?
Mr. BURNETT. I do, sir. Permit me to say-
further, that I regard all resolutions connected
with the election of Speaker of the House as in
order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to say
to the gentleman from Kentucky and the House,
that it is not, perhaps, very important that I should
be consistent; but it is important to me, at any
rate, that I should be right. I have no sort of rec-
ollection now of the resolution referred to and
read here; but I have no doubt that this was the
way of it. I suppose that some resolution had
been offered on the other side of the House, and
that afterwards Mr. Dbnn, of Indiana, who did
not act on this side of the House, but between the
sides, offered this resolution, and that no question
of order was raised on either side, and a vote was
taken on it by common consent.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will show that he is in error
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. In a moment.
Without any consideration whatever, wifhoutany
reflection, without any examination of the rules,
of the Constitution, or of the law, the vote was
permitted to be taken; and that is all there is about
it. But now, on examining the question, and the
question being raised, there can, I presume, be no
doubt that none of these questions are in order;
and being of that opinion, for the reasons I have
fiven, I am not afraid to say so, however I may
ave voted at any previous time. The ques-
tion is not how members voted when no question
was raised, but how they ought to vote now that
it is raised. And, sir, inasmuch as the gentlemen
from Alabama and Kentucky, and all thQse gen-
tlemen, voted against that resolution, I hope they
will vote against this resolution of Mr. Clark, of
Missouri, if it ever comes up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I voted against that resolu-
tion because I believed the resolution itself was
wrong in principle. In this case it is a very dif-
ferent thing. Here is a resolution that declares
that a man who indorses a work recommending
treason, murder, and every other infamous and
outrageous act that could be possibly conceived, is
unfit to be Speaker.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have noth-
ing to say now about the Helper book, or any-
thing of that kind.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Maine
states he has no doubt that that resolution was
offered as an amendment or substitute to a reso-
lution offered 011 this side of the House. He is
mistaken. That resolution was offered as an
original and independent, proposition by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, and was voted upon. Now,
he says that because I voted against that resolu-
tion, he hopes I will do so now. I voted against
that resolution because I am opposed to it on prin-
ciple. I believed that the resolution was wrong,
and I voted against it. I shall vote for the present
resolution, because I believe it right, because it
meets the approval of my judgment, and because
I am unwilling to see go into the Speaker's chair
any member of the House who has indorsed the
Helper book, and who refuses, although called
upon time and again, to say; that he disapproves
' the doctrines which it contains.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. After all, the
cffect of the record produced by the gentleman
is 
Mr. SICKLES claimed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman permit me for a single moment1 All that
is shown by the record is, that at some time a
gentleman who was not acting with either of the
parties offered a resolution, and that, without any
objection, without any discussion, or considera-
tion whether it was in order or not, a vote was
sprung upon it. I voted for the resolution, which
I regarded as, ill se, proper. I did not commit my-
selfto that question of order by any vote which
I gave on that occasion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I would like to ask the
gentleman if he ever read that story in the spell-
ing book about the lawyer and the farmer, and
the ox and the bull ? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine.. I do not think
I ever did, that I see the application of.
Mr. SICKLES. I will venture, with diffi-
dence, to offer to the House a suggestion in refer-
ence to its organization. With regard to the ques-
tion of order now pending, which I understand to
be whether the House will receive the plurality
resolution, I must say that it seems to me that
only in the last extremity, only when all expe-
dients have been exhausted, by which a majority
can organize the House, should we agree to enter-
tain a proposition that a minority should organize
it. Apart from the constitutional objections to the
plurality rule, certainly every argument of expe-
diency admonishes us that we ought to organize
by a majority, if that be possible. No other ar-
gument than that of absolute necessity can ever
excuse the plurality rule. With much respect for
the opinion entertained on the other side of the
House, I dissent entirely from the idea thata res-
olution proposing the plurality rule is in order,
to the exclusion of all the other propositions now
pending. Strictly speaking, I should regard such
a resolution as never in order, doubting, as I do,
the power of the House so to cffect an organiza-
tion. But, sir, I am the more surprised to hear
the proposition so roundly and boldly stated,
when, if I am not in error, the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Clark]
was not objected to, and no point of order was
raised upon it. It stands before the House un-
challenged.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to correct him ?
Mr. SICKLES. I will.
Mr. HUTCHINS. Mr. Stevens, of Penn-
sylvania, as I understood it, raised a question of
order, that these resolutions were all out of order,
and that nothing was in order except to vote for
Speaker.
Mr. STCKLES. I do not think the gentleman
from Ohio impeaches the accuracy of my state-
ment. I remember the point as made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, and I think it was not
until some time after the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Missouri had been offered, and was
fully before the House. It had been read from
the Clerk's desk, and the question upon its adop-
tion had been propounded; and an amendment
or substitute had been offered by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.]
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will state that
my resolution hod been offered for some time,
and a vote had been taken by the House upon
laying it upon the table, before the question of
order was raised by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. GROW. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Missouri that my recollection is that the
point of order had been raised by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and the motion was then
made to lay the whole subject on the table, points
of order, resolution, and all.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I do not so under-
stand it.
Mr. SICKLES. Well, sir, the fact remainsas I
have stated it, that the resolution of the gentle-
man from Missouri is before the House. A sub-
stitute or amendment was offered to it by the
gentleman from North Carolina, and at the time
it was offered no question of order was raised
upon it. We have the right, therefore, to assume
as concede* by the whole House that that reso-
lution is properly before it to be voted upon; and
there is no way by which it can be got rid of ex-
cept by a motion to lay on the table, or by a direct
vote upon it. Subsequent to these proceedings,
as I have understood, every vote that has been
taken for Speaker, and all other business that has
been transacted, has been by general consent. A
single objection would, at any time, have pre-
vented a ballot for Speaker. It is equally true
that a single objection precludes the possibility,
at this time, of offering a resolution to adopt the
plurality rule; the gentleman from Ohio was this
morning arrested in his attempt to move'the plu-
rality rule, as was the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Pennixgton;] and in each instance by
the failure to obtain unanimous consent.
Mr. GOOCH. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from New York, if all the votes for Speaker
called for on that side of the House have been
taken by general consent, why it was necessary
to call the previous question upon them?
Mr. SICKLES. In order to prevent the intro-
duction of such auxiliary propositions as have
been suggested from time to time by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Hutchins,] the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] and the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington.]
Mr. GOOCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York still further, if he would not have
anticipated an objection from our side of the
House, instead of general consent, if that had been
our desire ?
Mr. SICKLES It has been understood, I be-
lieve, that that side of the House was anxious to
proceed to a ballot. It is known that this side
has desired to proceed to ballot as often as there
was any probability of effecting an election by a
majority of the House. As I said before, it jvas
necessary at all times to have general consent in
order to take a ballot; but, such being the general
disposition, no difficulty was found in obtaining
that consent. The previous question was only
designed to perform the office of cutting off any
other incidental question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from New York allow me to ask this
question: whether the demand for the previous
question, under the circumstances, did not nega-
tive the idea that wc were going to a ballot by
general consent, and nothing more ?
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Why, then,
did you call the previous question, if you had not
supposed that we should object to a ballot?
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman desires to
propound to me a question, he must certainly
allow me time to answer one before he asks
another.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman asks me why
the previous question was moved in order to get
a vote? The previous question had nothing at
all to do with getting a vote. The consent of the
House was given to the motion that we proceed
to ballot before the previous question was moved.
That consent having been given, the previous
question was moved in order to cut off anything
that would interfere with our taking a ballot.
Mr. GOOCH. My recollection differs from
that of the gentleman from New York. If I rec-
ollect rightly, the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Winslow] has repeatedly moved that we
proceed to vote for Speaker viva vece, and called
the previous question upon the motion instantly,
without waiting for the consent of the House to
be given.
Mr. WINSLOW. Some of the instances were
exactly different, as thv; record will show. The
motion was made to proceed to a ballot; a call of
the House was had, and the previous question
afterwards moved. If the gentleman will recol-
lect, on one occasion I distinctly avowed upon the
floor that my object in calling the previous ques-
tion was to cut off any amendment which should
seek to ingraft the plurality rule upon the motion.
Mr. GOOCH. I desire to ask the gentleman
from North Carolina if he has not, upon this floor,
moved that we proceed to the election of Speaker
viva voce, and instantly, without resigning the
floor, and without anything intervening, and with-
out the possibility of anything else intervening,
called for the previous question ?
Mr. WINSLOW. That has been so on one
or two occasions; the occasions have varied.
Mr. REAGAN. What I desire to sayisthis:
Looking to the true state of affairs which exists
here, the difficulty which has, presented itself all
the time has been, on one side the struggle to get
a vote on the plurality resolution, and on ths other
to avoid it. It will be remembered by all gentle-
men upon the other side, that when a proposition
has been made by us, and it generally came from
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Wins-
low,] asking unanimous consent of the House
that we should proceed to take a vote for Speaker,
it has been assented to by them, as they told us,
for the purpose of avoiding discussion and pro-
ceeding toa vote. I apprehend that it will hardly
lie in the mouths of members of that side now to
say that they did not wish to consent to a vote for
Speaker, and that they did not give their consent
by not raising objections to the motions to pro-
ceed to vote for Speaker. The explanation of the
gentleman from New York for calling for the
previous question, that it was merely to cut off
the holding of the question by such a proposition
as the one now before the House, affords also the
reason why we have proceeded as we have.
