1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
isut I think the Senator from Tennessee, who cer-
tainly is the author and principal friend of this
mcasuve, is entitled to have his preference: in con-
sidering them; and while I shall vote against
either, as they now stand, yet, if his judgment is
that it is better to hold on to the Senate bill, I will
vote against this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the consideration of the Senate
bill now before the Senate, with a view to take
up the House bill oil the same subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. i?UGH. If the yeas and nays are to be
taken, I will say that it seems to me Senators are
standing on the merest quibble. If we adopt the
motion now pending to substitute the House bill
for the Senate bill, it must yet go to the House
and b? read three times ana j;o through a com-
mittee. What have we gained ? If we take up
the House bill and strike it all out except the title
and put in the Senate bill, it goes back to the
House and passes on one vote; it. ceo^ to no com-
mittee, and it has no three readings; therefore we
accomplish something. Now, if Senators believe
that a ma jority of the Senate is opposed to the bill
in any shape, and will defeat the bill on its final
passage, why all this maneuvering? Is it forthe
purposs of having the House to pass a bill that
fails m the Senate, and the Senate to pass a bill
that fails in the House for lack of time ? Is that
the, object ? I can imagine no other ground for
opposing the motion to lay aside the Senate bill,
which was reported before we had a House bill,
and take up the House bill. I say, again, I am
in favor of the Senate bill, and I shall vote to
strike out the House bill, and insert the Senate
bill; but 1 want to see an end of the question some-
how, and that is the whole effeetof the motion. It
is to lay aside a bill, which, if it passes the Senate,
amounts to nothing, and take up a bill which, if
it passes, does amount to something. It is simply
a question whether we shall ever pass the bill or
not
Mr. RICE. I wish to state that the Senator
from Florida [Mr. Yulee] has p^ral off on this
question, and all others connected with the home-
stead bill, with the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Dixon.]
Mr. COLLAMER. I take this occasion to say
that I have paired oft', on this bill, with the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 24; as tallows:
YF.AS—Messrs. Anthony, Hitler, Hinghani, Chandler,
<'huk, Crittenden, J)oohnle, Uuikee, l'Yssendon, Foot,
Grim*"-!, Ilnmliu, Hailan, King, Latham, I'tigh, Rice, Sc\v-
aid, Simmons, Shdcll, Numaci, Ten Kvek, Trumbull,
Wade, Wtlkinvon, ami Wil&on—
NAYtf—•Ihnard, ttrag , flicsum, Clay, Cling-
mnn, Fitch, Fitzpatnek, Green, (.win, Hammond, Hemp-
hill, llmuci, fveison, Johnson of AikaiiMs. Johnson of
Tennessee, Lane, Ma?<on, Pearee, Polk, Powell, ftaulslmiy,
SrliuKtuin, Thomson, and Wigfall—24,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
bill is laid aside; and the bill (H. R. No. 280) to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain is before the Senate us in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill had been reported from the Committee
on Public Lands, with an amendment to strike
out all after the enacting clausc, and insert:
That any person who w the head of a family, and a citi-
zen of the United State*?, shall, tiom and alter tiie passage
of this act, be entitled to enter one qu.uter section of va-
cant and unappropnuted public lauds, or a quantity equal
thereto, to be located in a body, in eonioiimty with the le-
gal subdivisions of the public land-*, and alter the same
shall have been surveyed.
Sec. 2. %Snd he it further enacted^",^lat the person apply-
ingfor the benefit of tin* act shall, upon application to tin;
register of the land office in which lie or the is about to
make such entry, make affidavit before the. said icgjhter
that he or .she is the head of a family, and that Mich appli-
cation is made for his or her exclusive u>e and benefit, and
those specially mentioned in tin* act, and not either directly
or ioduectly tor the use or benefit of any other person oi
peisons whomsoever; and upon making the affidavit as
above required, and filing the affidavit with the register he
or she t-l-Mll thereupon be'permitt^dto enter the quantity of
land already specified: Provided, however, That no certifi-
cate shall be given, or patent issued therelor, until the ex-
piration of five year* from the date of such entry; and if,
at the expiration-of such time, the person making such
entry, or, if lie be dead,his widow,or, in ease of herdeath,
lus. heir.- or devisee, or, in case of a widow making such
entry, her heirs or device, in case of her death, ^hali prove
by two credible witnesses that he, she, or they have con-
tinnnd to reside upon and cultivate said land, foi the teim
of five years, and still leside upon the same, and have not
alienated the same oi any part thereof; then, in such case,
he, she, or they shall be entitled to a patent, as in other
cases providedfor bylaw: Jind provided further, In case of
the death of both father and mother, leaving an infant child
or children under tweuty-one years of age, the ridit and the
fee shall mure to thebenefitof said infant child or children,
and the executor, administrator, or guardian may, at any
time within two years after the death of the surviving par-
ent,and in accordance with the laws of the State m which
such children for the time being have their domicile, sell
said land for the benefit of said infants, but for no other
purpose; and the purchaser shallaequhe the absolute title
by the purchase, and be entitled to a patent from the U nited
States.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the registei of
the land office shall note ail such applications on the tiact
books and plats of his oflice, and keep a register of all such
entries, and make return thereof to the General Land Of-
fice, together with the proof upon which they have been
founded. ♦
Sec 4. Jindbeit further enacted* That no land acquired
under the provisions of this act shall, in any event, bccome
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted
prior to the issuipg of the patent therefor.
Sec. 5. -And fie it further enacted. That if, at anytime
after filing the affidavit, as required in the second section
of this act, and befoie the expiration of the five years afore-
said, it shall he proved, after due notice to the settler, to
the satisfaction ofthe register of the land office, that the per-
son having filed such affidavit shall have actually changed
his or her residence, or abandoned the said entry for more,
than six months at any time, then, and in that event, the
land so entered shall revert back to the Government, and
be disposed of as other public lands are now by law, sub-
ject to an appeal to the General Land Office.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That if any person
now a resident of any one of the Slates or Territories!, and
not a citizen of the United Stages, but at the time of mak-
ing such application for the benefit of thisjict shall have
filed a declaration of intention, as required by the natuial-
ization laws of the United States, and shall become a cit-
izen of the same before the issuance of the potent as pio-
vided,for in this act, such person shall be placed upon an
equal footing with the native-born citizens of the United
States.
See. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no individual
shall be permitted to make more than one entty undei the
provisions ot this act; and that the Oommishjonei of the
General Land Office in hcicby required to piepare and is-
sue such rules and iegulation\>, consistent with this act,as
f-hall be necessary and proper to cany its provision^ into
efiect; and that the legihteis and receivers of the several
land offiees shall he entitled to receive the same compen-
sation for any land* patented under the provisions of this
act as they are now entitled to receive when the same
quantity of land is entered with money, to be paid by the
party to whom the patent shall be issued: Provided,'koxv-
ever, That ah peisons entering land under the provisions
of this act shall, in making such cmues, be confined to
sections designated by odd numbers, and to land subject to
private entiy: Jlnd. provided, f uithery That nothing m this
act shall be so eonmned as to impair or interfere m any
manner whatever with the existing pieemption, donation,
oi giadiiation laws.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As the House
bill is now before the Senate, i would bo glad to
give notice of my intention to offer the amend-
ment which I introduced this morning to the Sen-
ate bill to the House bill, and to ask that it may-
stand as such. Tin; amendment has been ordered
to be printed.
Mr.. FITCH, I believe the pending amend-
ment is to substitute the Senate forthe House
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question now. The House bill, by a
vote of the Senate, is taken up, and is now before
the Senate for consideration. The bill was re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands with
an amendment, the amendment being to strike
out all ofthe original bill—that is,the House bill
—after the enacting clause, and insert the Senate
bill. Both of these bills are now before the Sen-
ate on the motion to strike out and insert—that
is, the original bill, and the Senate bill, as an
amendment or substitute, are before the Senate,
and both open to amendment before the question
of substitution is taken. The Chair begs leave
to state, fuither, m order to prevent confusion m
this state of the case, that, practically, it is first
in order, and the more advisable course, to per-
fect the original bill, and not make amendments
or move amendments indiscriminately to the one
and the other. The Chair will regard th^ origi-
nal bill as before the Senate, and open to amend-
ment as long as amendments shall be proposed to
it; and then take up that which is proposed to be
inserted — the Senate bill — for amendments, if
Senators choose to amend it.
Mr. FITCH. I concur entirely with the views
of the Chair. I propose to amend the bill now
before the Senate—the House bill—m the first
section, by adding the following proviso: •
Provided, That the lands heiebygianted shall be entered
or located in alternate quarter section*; and that the quar-
ter sections, or parts of quarter sections, of land which
< haU remain to the United Stages, and not subject to entry
under the provisions of this act, s^hall not be sold for less
than double the minimum price of the public lands when
sold: Jind provided further, That the-piovisioris of this act
shall be applicable only to land subject to private entry at
the date ot' its passaged
Mr. President, there are several propositions in
the amendment; all of which, I should think, would
strike the Senate favorably. The first proposi-
tion will obviate what will very probably be found
to exist without it—a constitutional objection to
the bill, Heretofore, in acts granting donations
of land, either to railroad or other companies, or
to States, for improvement purposes, we have re-
served the alternate sections, and doubled their
minimum price. The Treasury, therefore, has
lost nothing by the donation; while the value of
the land donated has been enhanced. The gift to
the settler will be increased in value by this amend-
ment; and the Government Treasury will lose
nothing.
Again, I propose to confine the operation of
the bill to lands subject to private entry at the
date of its passage. If we do not do this, we-
shall soon hnd an almost irresistible clamor to
purchase all the Ridian lands in the country and
give them away to those who will abandon all
attempts to obtain land by their own exertions,
and expect Congress to give it to them. It is
quite sufficient—and to that extent I am willing to
vote, and design to vote—to give the land we now
have in market; and it will become a question
hereafter, as it was when the preemption system
first came in vogue, whether we shall extend the
provisions of the law at some future period still
further. It will be recollected that when the pre-
emption system was first recognized, it was ap-
plied only to lands then settled; subsequently, for
a limited period, to lands which were liable to be-
come settled; and finally the law became general,
because it was found to be advantageous m its op-
eration. If this is found equally advantageous,
the law can hereafter be extended. Now there
should be some limit to its application.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, I am en-
tirely opposed to the amendment just offered by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch.] Should
it be adopted, it would have a serious tendency
to impair the usefulness of this measure. But it
is only a natural and necessary deduction from
one of the provisions of the Senate bill. To that
bill I had intended to speak; but that bill and tho
House bill arc both, m one sense, before the Sen-
ate; and I suppose that it will make very little
difference to which of them I may address my
remarks.
The measure of granting free homes to the act-
ual settlers upon the public lands is one in which
I have long felt a deep interest. I have passed
many years of my life among the hardy settlers
of new States and Territories; and I have thus
had frequent opportunities to become familiar with
the practical walkings of our present land sys-
tem, both in its application to the settler and to
the Government. I have seen large swindling
speculations attempted, and in some instances
carried out, by which whole townships were se-
cured by a single individual or company under
the preemption law, and by which the settlcrwas
seriously oppressed on the one side, and the Gov-
ernment irretrievably defrauded on the other. I
have traveled for miles and milws over the rich
plains of my own State, where every inch of the
land was entered under the preemption law, and
when there was not on the face nf the country a
single evidence of cultivation, improvement, or
occupancy.
Under the existing practice, tho sny|k of land
speculation has become so common Siong our
people, and the desire for the acquisition of large
quantities of land so strong, that but little atten-
tion is paid to the salutary and necessary safe-
guards which Congress has seen fit to throw
around the law. The present system, designed
and established in a spirit of national justice, has
entirely failed to meet the end of its authors,
simply because the foundation on which it rests
is laid in error The Government itself turns land
monopolist, and seeks to replenish its Treasury
from the proceeds of a traffic in the public lands.
While the domain is regarded only as a source of
revenue, no great care can be felt for the faithful
execution of the law, so long as the primary ob-
ject of selling the lands is attained.
The faithful observance of the land laws has
become the exception, and their violation the ruls
