66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 29,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Morris.
Ho. os? Reps.
crats are opposed to the measures to which I have
referred.
Mr. MILLSON. I accept very cheerfully the
explanation of the gentleman. I did not remem-
ber the qualifymgremarkhe made yesterday; but
the gentleman will perceive that his remarks to-day
have a much broader application. Tliey apply to
the southern Democracy generally; for he spoke
of the position northern Democrats intended to
take in respect to the southern Democrats. I
thought it due to them to correct any such impres-
sion, as it was due to myself to correct the mis-
statements as to my own personal position. In-
deed, I have seen so many of these errors of
statement in the newspapers lately, that 1 am al-
most disposed to express the hope that my friends
abroad will believe nothing of mc they see in the
newspapers, unless they have some other reason
for their belief upon the subject.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I only wish to re-
peat what I said yesterday, that i wish to be
understood as referring only to ultra southern
men. I cast no such imputation upon the Dem-
ocrats of the southern States, as the gentleman
supposes. I had no design to do so; but I combat,
and have throughout my remarks, the ultra south-
ern view upon one side, and the abolition views
upon the other, and I do not design my remaiks
to be misunderstood as having any wider range.
Now that I have given way to the gentleman
from Virginia a moment, upon his appeal to me,
it is only courtesy that 1 should give way to the
gentleman from California.
Mr. SCOTT. I will not accept that courtesy
at the hands of the gentleman from Illinois at this
time. There are some portions of his speech rel-
ative to my State wfiich I did not hear. I shall,
therefore, defer my remarks until I can read his
speech and ascertain what he has said in regard
to the Democracy of California. But I will aay
now, that the attack which the gentleman has made
on the sixty-one thousand Democrats in the State
of California comes with an ill grace from him,
as the friend of Stephen A. Douglas, who may
be the nominee of the Charleston convention.
That speech of his will be quoted and rung by the
Opposition from every hill-top and valley of the
State, while I may be battling under the banner
of, and striving to gain these sixty-one thousand
votes for, Stephen A. Douglas.
But so far as that is concerned, the remarks
which the gentleman has made, reflecting on the
Democratic party in California, "pass by mc as
the idle wind, which I regard not." That party
is based on conservatism and on a TJnion-loving
spirit. It was not merely on the Lecompton or
anti-Lecompton policy that that vote was based,
but it was given against the sectional and geo-
graphical parties of the Confederacy. An issue
was made and forced upon us by the anti-Le-
compton party. We accepted the issue, and re-
ferred it to tho ballot box; and wo defeated the
anti-Lecomptonites by thirty thousand votes.
Now, will that gentleman pretend to assert that
Federal influence or Federal power corrupted thirty
thousand freemen on the Pacific coast5 Will he
assert that we had any occasion to hunt down the
deceased Senator from California? When men
form conspiracies, when they league together tu
strike a blow, it is reasonable to suppose that they
arc prompted by some motive in striking. Mr.
Brodcrick was never strong enough in the State
of California to create any fear, or to hold out any
inducement to have him hunted down. 1 know
full well that the cry has rung from one end of the
Union to the other, that the Democratic party had
formed a conspiracy to strike down that distin-
guished gentleman. 1 brand that charge here now,
m the face of the country, as an infamous false-
hoodand a base calumny. What motive was there
for wishing to get rid of Senator Brodcrick? So
far as he was concerned, he was routed, his fol-
lowers defeated, his friend? scattered to the four
winds of heaven. Whatwa^ his single life worth
in consideration of such a i^reat triumph staring
us in the face ?
But these are matters which I will touch upon
more fully and elaborately after a careful perusal
and examination of the remarks of the gentleman
from Illinois. If these remarks had come from
the Republican side of the House, I would have
expected and borne them; but to come from a gen-
tleman who still, by his acts and votes, keeps
within the organization of the Democratic party-r-
to come from the recognized friend of Stephen
A. Douglas, I have listened to them with a feel-
ing rather of sadness than of anger; and when in
a calmer, cooler, and more dispassionate mood,l
shall place before the country and the House the
whole political circumstances connected with the
last election as they really transpired in the State
which I have the honor, in part, to represent.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Although the gen-
tleman from California said he did not choose to
accept a courtesy at my hands, he has done so to
a limited extent; and has undertaken to give what
he says is a correct version of the position of par-
ties in the State of California. I remark that on
this occasion I speak only for myself. I do not
deem it necessary, inasmuch as the matter is to be
brought to the attention of the House hereafter,
when, perhaps, I may have something fciore to
say, for me to reply to the gentleman at this time
at length. I am not to be driven from my posi-
tion by this interruption. I stated distinctly,
when I was interrupted by the gentleman in the
first instance, that, if I had misapprehended the
facts, I was willing to bo corrected. I say so now.
I wish not to do any injustice. I made no attack
on the Democracy of the gentleman's State, or
the Democracy of any other State, nor is it my
purpose to do so; but, probably,as I remarked a
few moments ago, we may look at the contest
from a different stand-point.
Mr. Brodenck, the deceased Senator from Cal-
ifornia, has been alluded to here by a member
from that State, in a manner winch it"is not neces-
sary for me to respond to. He has friends in this
vicinity who cherish his memory, and to whom
his fame is dear; and these friends will, doubtless,
protect both. But, as I have said, I will not be
driven from the course of my remarks by anything
which may be said. I have my purpose; and
that 1 shall steadily pursue. I know that the
slightest allusion to the state of things in Cali-
fornia wakes up a sensitiveness which is, perhaps,
unjustifiable. As I have already stated, I desired
not to cast any unjust imputation on the character
of the Democracy of California, nor have I done
so; but I did say that the Government patronage
was great there, and so it is. In these remarks
I did not undertake to say that every man who
opposed the policy of Mr. Brodenck and Mr.
McKibbin was corrupt. I cast no imputation
whatever on them or the party. I cast none now.
I merely stated facts in reference to their support
of the Lecompton policy. If the people of Cal-
ifornia desired to support that policy, they had
a right to do so; and I have no right to question
the propriety of that act on their part—I never
have questioned it. I say now that I have made
no new test, and seek to make none; but I have
been stating what has been the effect of this Le-
compton question on the free vStates, with the view
of showing the danger to the Democratic party of
the nation if it is persisted in—this is my only
object.
in connection with that, I did state that the
Legislature of California was the only Legislature
of a free State which passed resolutions of instruc-
tion in favor of the Lccompton contrivance. That
is true. The Lecompton Democracy there did
beat the anti-Lecompton Democracy, and no one
doubts, I suppose, that the presidential patronage
and power were exerted in California, as well as
in New York, Illinois, and other States, m favor
of the Lecompton policy. Not the least tolera-
tion has been allowed to any Democrat who dif-
fered from the President upon it. They have
been hunted down everywhere, like the hare upon
the mountain. That is what we complain of. We
make no new test ourselves, and desire none
made on us, and arc seeking to avoid disasters m
the future—not to arraign any person or party.
Mr. BURCH. I would ask the gentleman from
Illinois if he is not aware that in the recent con-
test in California, the Republicans and the anti-
Lecomptonites united, each nominating a candi-
date for Congress, and thata coalition was made?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 will answer the
gentleman from California very cheerfully. I do
not know that fact; on the contrary, I saw the
proceedings of an anti-Lecompton convention or
meeting- held in that State at which they refused
to cooperate with the Republicans m the nom-
inations which they were about to make, and
nominated Mr. McKibbm as one, and another
gentleman whose name I do not remember, their
candidates for Congress.
Mr. BURCH. I will state that, prior to the
election, one of the Republican candidates leaving,
a gentleman, formerly a citizen of Illinois, Colonel
E. D. Baker, now a Republican, and Mr. McKib-
bin, were alone in the field. The Democracy,
therefore, of that State did, in that contest, fight
the united forces of the anti-Lecomptonites and
the Republicans, and we succeeded over their
united vote by a majority of over sixteen thou-
sand. Let me say, further, inasmuch as the gen-
tleman has alluded to the members on this floor
elected as being in favor of the Administration,
that I am one of the persons he alludes to. I intro-
duced into the Senate of California a substitute for
the famous resolutions introduced by Mr. Fergu-
son—who is alluded to as having been hunted
down—known as the Ferguson resolutions. The
substitute, indorsing the Administration, was
adopted. I afterwards received the nomination
for a seat in this House at the hands of my party-,
and, sir, I was not fortunate enough to have any
friend of mine in any Federal office in that State;
and, so far from being nominated by Federal influ-
ence , the Federal officers in that State opposed my
nomination almost unanimously.
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman give way
a moment? I would be pleased if the member
from California would state to this House whether
the Administration Democracy of California, in
their campaign last fall, did not place themselves
upon the Cincinnati platform upon the interpreta-
tion of the Kansas and Nebraska bill as given by
Senator Douglas, and as also given by the Pres-
ident in his letter of acceptance of the nomination
at Cincinnati: that the people of aTerritory,like
those of a State, control their own domestic insti-
tutions?
Mr, BURCH. They did not.
Mr. HASKIN. They did not?
Mr. BURCH. They did not take the position
that the people of a Territory can, like those of a
State, determine their domestic institutions until
they come to form a State constitution. We did
not indorse the interpretation of the Cincinnati
platform as given by any one but ourselves.
Mr. HASKIN. It has been my understanding
that the Democracy of California fought their bat-
tle upon the Cincinnati platform as explained by
the author of the Kansas and Nebraska bill,Sena-
ator Douglas.
Mr. BURCH. No, sir.
Mr. SCOTT. I will state that upon every
stump—and I made over sixty speeches—I took
ground in opposition to the reopening of the Afri-
can slave trade, and I distinctly stated that the
Territorial Legislature had no right whatever to
exclude slavery from the Territories, until they
formed a State constitution—to use a phrase that
I used upon the stump, that the southern man had
as much right to go into the Territories with his
negroes, as the northern man with his wooden nut-
megs and wooden clocks.
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia allow me to ask whether he will vote for
Stephen A. DouGLAsifnominatcdby the Charles-
ton convention ?
Mr. SCOTT. Most assuredly. I will go for
him. if nominated, cheerfully, in opposition to a
Black Republican.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. All 1 have claimed
has been admitted by the gentlemen from Califor-
nia; that they differ from us upon this Lecompton
question; that so differing, they nominated their
men and elected them, and that resolutions were
passed through the Legislature instructing the
Senators from thatState to supportthe President's
Lecomptrfn policy, and, further, that California
is the only free State, as I charged, where the
Lecompton policy did prevail. Let me say, how-
ever, right here, in reply to the gentleman from
California that I was not aware that the meeting
or agreement to which he refers between the anti-
Lecompton Democrats and Republicans took
place; and I will say further that if the anti-Le-
compton Democrats in California had pursued the
course which they pursued in Illinois, and fought
their battle alone without a union with either the
