1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Miles.
Ho. of Beps.
Administration or the Republicans, it would have
been better. Ifthey united with the Republicans,
they did differently from what I would have done;
but it is not my province to sit in judgment upon
their acts. They were their own proper judges
to determine such matters for themselves, under
the circumstances surrounding them.
/
v
organization of the house.
SPEECH OF HON. W. P. MILES,
of soutii carolina,
In" the House of Representatives
January 6, 1860.
Mr. MILES said:
Mr. Clerk: It was not my purpose yesterday,
as I stated when my friend from New York [Mr.
John Cochrane] kindly yielded me the floor, to
make an elaborate speech, or to enter at length upon
the discussion of the great questions which arc
now distracting (ho public mind of the country.
I trust I may have an opportunity upon some fu-
ture occasion to do so; but I now desire to call the
attention of the House taa few practical remarks
and suggestions, which i propose to throw out in
the hope that they may tend, in the first place, to
expedite our organization, by producing some
concert of action among those elements upon this
floor who are, professedly, equally opposed to
the Republican party.
I was about to say yesterday, at the time that
I yielded to what proved to be a very happy col-
loquial debate—happy, I think, in its results—I
was about to say, that 1 did not conceive that the
Democratic party proper of this House is in any
degree responsible for our non-organization up to
this moment. I can speak, I think, with impar-
tiality, because it is generally known that I am
not" a party man;*' that I do not recognize party
ties and party obligations in the sense and to the
extent which many, perhaps most, of my polit-
ical fiionds and associates do. I am, sir,consid-
ered rather outside of the political fold of "the
great national Democracy." 1 have, however, in
the main, been able to act conscientiously and
heartily with the Democratic party, and I trust
that 1 may continue to feel myself at liberty to do
so. But I still hold myself free, untrammeled,
and independent, always and upon all subjects
to take such a position in this House as I believe
most conducive to the interests and honor of my
immediate State. I am a State-rights man. I do
not lay the same stress upon party organization
that most politicians in this country do. We as-
semble here as the representatives of the people of
the various sovereign States which compose this
Confederacy, and it is our first duty to labor for
the best interests of our own immediate people,
without doing injustice to the people of any sec-
tion of the country. It is obvious that political
affinities, political associations, political organiza-
tions, must arise; and no man can act as an iso-
lated unit, and expect to effect any great political
object. I am, therefore, not one of those utterly
impracticable men who will never take counsel
with those whose political opinions do not abso-
lutely and entirely coincide with his own, and will
never have his action m any degree shaped by the
judgments of his political associates.
So much for my independent position; and there-
fore, as I humbly conceive, my right from my
stand-point to discuss this matter of the organi-
zation calmly, gravely, and impartially, to throw
out suggestions which, coming from no party
source, influenced by no party predilections, or,
at least, by no party prejudices, may commend
themselves to fair-minded men of all shades of
opinion who are opposed to the election of the
Republican nominee for the Speakership. I said
that there were three elements m this House, all
professing to be equally opposed to the princi-
ples and purposes of the Republican party: first,
the Democratic party proper, which constitutes
far the larger portion of this side of the House;
secondly, the anti-Lecompton Democrats, who
arc very few in number—a mere handfull; and
thirdly, the southern Opposition, who, although
respectable in point of numbers, are still, it may
be said, no thoroughly-oiganizcd party—still, as
it were, in the gristle, not yet in the bone and sinew
—not yet sufficiently compact to have, so far as
the country at large is informed, any very definite
and settled policy. Well, sir, we ail meet here,
and our first duty is to elect a Speaker. The Re-
publican party put forward a nominee who not
only is objectionable to us as the exponent of
their principles in general, but is particularly ob-
noxious to the greater portion of this side of the
House who represent southern constituencies, in
consequence of his connection with this Helper
book, of which we have heard so much. I do
not intend to go into a discussion of that subject,
but I would put it to honest and conscientious
men everywhere, whether it be strange, in the
present excited condition of the public mind in
the southern States, that southern gentlemen come
here and find that their political enemies have put
in nomination for the high office of presiding over
the deliberations of this body, a man who recom-
mended, whether ignorantly or inadvertently or
not, the circulation of a book containing doctrines
so vile and atrocious that no honest man can find
language strong enough m which to denounce
them—I ask whether it be strange that we should
consider such a nominee utterly unfit to preside
over us? And when we find the Republican party,
in pursuance of a policy which they think most
conducive to their party success, remaining ob-
stinately and pertinaciously silent upon the sub-
ject of this infamous book and its indorsement,
and refusing to purge themselves of the criminal
and treasonable taint, as some one or two indi-
viduals of them have done, (and I honor those
gentlemen for their manly independence in refus-
ing to submit to the party gag, and to bo kept in
the party traces by the party lash;) when, I say,
we find the whole party, with those few individ-
ual exceptions, refusing to repudiate at once all
sympathy with Helper's atrocious doctrines, it
must concentrate anu intensify, upon our side of
the House, the opposition to the candidate they
have thought proper to nominate.
Now, who are lesponsible upon this side of the
House for its non-organization? The Democratic
party selected a gentleman as their nominee emi-
nently fitted, it, is conceded on all hands, for the
high office to which they desired to elect him. I
suppose there is scarcely a gentleman upon this
floor who, if put on oath as a witness, would not
testify to the fact that he believes Mr. Bocock, of
Virginia, most thoroughly competent and most
admirably qualified to fill the Speaker's chair.
Now, sir, having voted for him for a sufficient
length of time to show that we could not elect
him, unless the other two elements of opposition
to the Republican party would unite with us, the
country may well ask upon whom rests the re-
sponsibility of a failure to bring together those
different Opposition elements. Sir, I say that the
responsibility, in my judgment, rests with that
party termed the anti-Lecompton Democrats.
Those gentlemen profess—and their very name
indicates their profession—profess still to be Dem-
ocrats. They say they have not abandoned the
principle*} which, as Democrats, they have always
held. They say they are not to be " read out of
the Democratic party;" and, m fact, that they are
holding " the true faith," while the great body of
the Democratic party has departed from it. They
reiterate again and again, in tlic most earnest man-
ner, that they are as much Democrats as ever.
Well, sir, have not " Democrats" for years past
been first and foremost utterly opposed to " Re-
publicans?" Has it not been a cardinal point of
the Democratic faith to oppose the purposes, aims,
and ends of the Republican party?
If, then, these "anti-Lecompton" gentlemen
arc still 44 Democrats," they ought still to be as
earnestly opposed to " Republicans" as they ever
were. 'Then, what would seem to be their first
duty on assembling here? To prove, in the most
unmistakable manner, that they are still " Dem-
ocrats, " by showing that they arc still opposed
to the "Republicans." What practical mode is
there for them to show it? It can only be done
by a vote, and what is the very first vote which
they have, so far, been called upon to give ' A
vote for Speaker. Now, how can a man be con-
sidered a Democrat when he casts his first vote
against a " Democrat" and for a "Republican?"
I consider those anti-Lecompton Democrats who
have thought propqr to vote for the Republican
nominee, as themselves Republicans. That is the
nccessary, common-sense, practical view of the
matter. A man anywhere who votes the Repub-
lican ticket, is a Republican. It is useless to de-
fine or discriminate about it. When we talk of the
strength of a party in any part of the country, we
estimate it by the votes deposited in the ballot-
box. That is the only test. And so, when we
come to divide and define parties in this House,
we do it by the record of votes. The yeas and
nays stand forever as the proof of the party af-
finities and party connections of members.
But, I pass from those gentlemen who have
gone over to the enemy to the other anti-Lecomp-
ton Democrats who, so far, have not voted for
the candidate either of the Republicans or of the
Democrats. I say that now, at this moment, the
responsibility, in my opinion, of the non-organi-
zation of the House rests especially upon their
shoulders, and I will prove it. As to those who
have already gone over to the enemy, the respons-
ibility which they have assumed is past and gone.
After an interruption by Mr. Haskin, Mr.
Miles continued:
Now, sir, the point at which 1 was, was this:
that the responsibility for not organizing the
House rests upon those anti-Lecompton Demo-
crats who so far have refused to vote either for the
Republican candidate or the Democratic candi-
date. It is well known, certainly universally be-
lieved, that, if these gentlemen would cast their
votes with us, we could immediately elect a
Speaker. How would we accomplish it? Thus:
we have been assured by tlic southern Opposition
that, whenever wc can show them that their votes
will elect, they will come over and vote with us.
Whenever the anti-Lecompton men precede, in
other words, they will follow. The combination,
of course, elects.
Now, sir, it is simply a question of time with
these two parties as to which shall hold out the
longest, the anti-Lecompton Democrats or the
southern Opposition. It is simply a question with
them as to which shall go over first. Now, I ask
you, gentlemen of both of these parties, whether
that is really high or patriotic ground to occupy?
When the country is distracted, one of the most
important departments of the Government suffer-
ing through our inaction, actually threatened with
atrophy, and honest contractors on the verge of
ruin, I ask you whether this is tenable groundfor
you to occupy?
But, sir, I have said that I thought the respons-
ibility rested specially upon the anti-Lecompton
men, for the reason that they profess to be Dem-
ocrats; they still retain the name. They call
themselves simply anti-Lecompton Democrats,
implying that they only differ from the Demo-
cratic party upon a single feature, upon a single
issue, and that issue one past and gone. I say,
Mr. Clerk, can these gentlemen—a mere handfull
in point of numbers—can they continue to main-
tain that position before the countiy, the intelli-
gent people of the country holding them respons-
ible forthe non-organization of the House ? They
are holding off, keeping aloof from us week after
week, yet still professing that they are Demo-
crats, still professing that they are opposed to the
Republican party; that they stand by the Cincin-
nati platform; that they have not changed any of
their principles; and yet they will not vote with
us! One single issue, they say, has torn them
apart from their old party associations, and that
is an issue which has passed practically from be-
fore the country. Why, sir, " Lecompton" has
no more to do with the organizatien of this House
than the Chinese war has. Mr. Clerk, what a
spectacle do these gentlemen present to the coun-
try ! May it not be said, " Why here are men
who are so embittered by party passion, who have
been so soured, rendered so morose," I might
almost say " so malignant in their feeling of op-
position to the Demociatic party, with which they
have so long acted, that they arc unwilling to
make any concession, unwillingto take any stop
with that party towards a common object and a
common end."
Can these gentlemen, then, avoid the respons-
ibility before the country of being, as I termed
them yesterday, " the disorganizes" who stand
in the way of the election of a conservative gen-
tleman to preside over the deliberations of this
