1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
480
his seat in that chair, may be the representative
and exponent of the majority of the Hous^ and
who will be able to see before him, if notaparty,
at least a conservative combination, to which he
can look with confidence to be sustained while in
the chair.
Now, sir, as I have intimated already,very
considerable portion of both the southern Oppo-
sition and the anti-Lecompton members have
made their choice. The votes of some of the anti-
Lecomptonites have gone with the Republican
candidate; those of others remain in reserve. --Gfen-
tlemen have not yet indicated which course they
will pursue. They have not declared it to be im-
possible for them to make such a choice. On the
contrary, they have given the House to understand
that when the time shall arrive, they will be ready
to take the responsibility "With reference to the
southern Opposition, numbers of that organiza-
tion have already voted with the Democratic side
of the House. There are a few of them who also
still maintain a profound reserve as to thoir ulti-
mate intentions. When a rule shall be adopted
which brings us all to a single and direct issue
between two candidates, then the country will
see in our proceedings that rainbow of hope for
which it has so long looked in vain, during these
forty days of darkness, doubt, and disquietude.
Again, sir, and to conclude: I submit that the
plan which 1 suggest is constitutional. It is con-
stitutional in its analogies. It is based, in its first
phase, on the mode of action prescribed by the
Constitution for the action of this House wften it
chooses a President in the event of the failure of
the people to elect. It is based, m the other con-
tingency, on the mode of action prescribed to the
Senate, and by which, under the Constitution, it
chooses a Vice President—its Presiding Officer—
in the event of the failure of the people to elect.
It is, therefore, I say, constitutional in its analo-
gies. There is no express clause in the Consti-
tution requiring us to pursue any particular course
in electing a Speaker; but the spirit of the Con-
stitution looks to a choice by a majority; and I
insist, with great deference to the objections that
have been suggested, that the mode embodied in
the resolution which I now send up to be read is
expedient, constitutional, fair to all parties, and
will lead to a certain and speedy result. As I re-
marked before, it is not my purpose to press it
now, but I will take some early and convenient
occasion to offer it to the House. I ask that it
may be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, riiat the House nowpioceed to the election
of Speaker viva voce; and if upon the fiist call of the roll
no one shall receive a majority, a quorum being present,
then from those having tho highest numbers, not exceeding
three, the House will proceed to make a choice by a sec-
ond vote ; and if neither have a majority, then from the two
highest on the list the House will procecd to choose a
Speaker ; that if upon the third vote the said two persons
shall receive an equal number, the House will continue to
vote loi one or the other of the same two pet sous until one
of them s-hall receive a majority ; and that pending the elec-
tion, and until a choice be made, there shall be no debate.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I should like to
understand that proposition.
Mr.REAGAN. I will yield theflooraftcrlshall
have made one or two observations. I understand
that the present action of the House is not asked
on the resolution.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sickles] only proposed that it should be
read for information, not for the purpose of hav-
ing it introduced.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I wish to put an
inquiry, to enable me to understand the proposi-
tion .
Mr. SICKLES. I give noticc that I will offer
it the first occasion that it is m order.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I see no mode
to enforce it. It is impracticable.
Mi', REAGAN. I understand that the resolu-
tion is not now submitted for the action of the
House, but that it was simply road for informa-
tion. If it had been submitted formally, it would
have been subject, of course, to the same objec-
tion that was urged to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and would have required the
unanimous consent of the House, or it would
have led to a debate similar to that which oc-
curred on the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio. I say, for myself, in regard to this resolu-
tion, that I approve the spirit of it, if there were
any practical mode to enforce it. If the consent
of the other members of the House were given to
it, and if they would be bound by it, I would freely
consent myself to be bound by it. The difficulty
m regard to it is that suggested by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] and now renewed
j by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Clark,]
thatv/e have no mode of enforcing the resolution.
It is a proposition that addresses itself to the dis-
cretion and favorable consideration of members.
For one, I repeat, I would very gladly act in con-
formity with the requirements of the resolution,
if the other members of the House would likewise
consent to do so; but, unless they so consent, there
can be no beneficial action upon the resolution.
Without further prolonging the debate upon
this subject, I desire to say to the gentleman from
Ohio who introduced a resolution this morning,
that as the House is now full, if he will withdraw
his proposition as to the mode of election, I will
move that we now proceed to a vote for Speaker
viva voce. I ask the gentleman if it would meet
his approval to proceed to a vote for Speaker,
without attaching his proposition for a plurality
1UMr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Texas merely to desire
the gentleman from Ohio to waive his resolution
for the present, for the purpose of taking a vote
for Speaker riuu vocc ? 8
Mr. REAGAN. That is my proposition.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. And that the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio shall
come up afterwards?
Mr. REAGAN. I do not know as to that.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object, un-
less it is with that understanding.
Mr. REAGAN. I have no information as to
what will be the condition of the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio after the ballot shall
1 have b'-en taken.
| Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I think
I wo had better procecd with the business in order.
! The question whether the House will entertain
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, is
the only question 111 order, and 1 hope we shall
proceed to vote upon it.
Mr. VvlNSLOW. I hope we shall take a ballot
and then adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from North Carolina consent that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio shall come up
afterwards without prejudice to it
Several Members on the Democratic side ex-
pressed their dissent.
Mr. BRANCH. Itis quite evident that we are
piling one question upon another—question of
order upon question of order, so that it will be
impossible for a great length of time for us to
reach a vote upon the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio. Butin order to meet the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Maine, as the hour is
getting late, and as I think we ought to takeat least
one vote each day, to ascertain whether there has
been any change in the sentiments of the House,'
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to sub-
mit a motion that we now proceed to vote, vivavoce,
for Speaker. If there be 110 objection, I will make
the motion, and call the previous question upon
it.
Mr. .SEDGWICK. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It is perfectly
manifest that there is no way of electing a Speaker
but by voting upon the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio, and I hope the House will now
proceed to vote upon the question which the
Clerk says lie will submit, which is upon the
question of order raised as to the admissibility of
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio. That
is the only question before the House, and I ask
for a vote upon it.
Mr. BRANCH. Tho motion I proposed to
submit was with a view of showing to thc^eountry,
by the records of this House, that this side of the
House arc desirous of at least making .in effort to
elect a Speaker; that we are ready to proceed to
the election of a Speaker in the ordinary way;
and if gentlemen on the other side of the House
have any new proposals to make, any new modes
to suggest by winch a Speaker of this House is
to be elected, I have no objection to their present-
ing tliem at the proper tune, and disposing of them
111 their regular order. But it has become appa-
rent to the House that the proposition submitted
bv the gentleman from Ohio, this morning, can-
not be voted on for a great length of time.; and in
the moan time, I see no reason why we should
pretermit our efforts, by taking at least one vote
each day to elect a Speaker by the regular and
ordinary method. Hence I submit the motion,
and I desire it-to go upon the record, that the ob-
jection conies from the Republican side of the
House.
Mr. FERRY. Why cannot the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio be reached for a long
time ?
Mr. BRANCH. Simply for the reason that the
motion of the gentleman froip Ohio proposes to
adopt a method unusual, and a method that, in the
opinion of a great many of tho members of this
House is unconstitutional. And I do not see
why, because a proposition of that character is
pending, we should be completely blocked up,
and cease all efforts to «lect a Speaker in the usual
method.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I desire to make this in-
quiry of the gentleman from North Carolina:
Whether he believes that if we now proceed to
vote in the ordinary way for Speaker, it will re-
sult in an election ?
. Mr. BRANCH. There is nothing like trying.
I will say very frankly to the gentleman, that,
in my opinion, it will not; but, I repeat, there is
nothing like trying. The country desires to know,
and the country, that is not so well informed as to
the state of affairs existing in this House as we "
are, has a right to know, by at least one vote each
day, what progress wc are making towards an
organization.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to ask
what objection there is, if we proceed now to a
vote, to the proposition of tlse gentleman from
Ohio being taken up after the vote, without preju-
dice to it from the vote having been taken ?
Mr. BRANCH. I will say to the gentleman
from Maine that a great, many gentlemen on this
side of the House are of the opinion that the res-
olution of the gentleman from Ohio is a violation
of the Constitution; and hence there are gentle-
men hero who will never give their consent to its
passage.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine The gentleman
from North Carolina does not understand my ques-
tion. What I desiie to know of the gentleman and
his friends is, what objection there is, if a vote be
now taken, to the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio resuming precisely the same position
which it would have occupied if the vote had not
been taken?
Mr. BRANCH. Well, if, under the parlia-
mentary law, the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio would come up after a ballot has been taken,
the gentleman's resolution will not lose any posi-
tion it may have by his consenting to take a bal-
lot now. These questions of parliamentary law
must be settled as they arisfc.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will you con-
sent to it?
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from North Carolina, I desire to say,
that I am satisfied the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio will not come up if we pass from
it now. I do not think it is really up now; but
when wc pass from its consideration of couise it
does not come up again. But the gentleman must
see that he or any of his friends can get a similar
resolution into the same position in which this
proposition now stands whenever they pan get the
floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then why not
consent to the proposition I have made?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not consent, and I will
not. Why? Because if we were to consent to
that, or if those who are opposed to electing a
Speaker by that mode were to consent, it might
be assumed afterwards, in all the subsequent pro-
ceedings of the House, that wo had, by that con-
sent, made it in order, so that, we could not. get
. clear of it. I am willing for it to take its place
legitimately; but at the same time I state that
when we pass from it it will sink where it will
never be heard of again. Gentlemen, however,
as I have stated, know very well that they can
make the same proposition again, and can pro-
gress with it as far as they have gope to-day.
We cannot prevent them from doing it. It is no
excuse, then, for gentlemen who pretend to desire
an election to say that they want to keep this res-
olution in its place.
