1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2453
Scott, was confined to his room by indisposition,
and had paired off for the day with Mr. David-
son; and that he came to the House yesterday,
but was unable to remain.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that Mr. Dawes had
paired off with Mr. Rust until Thursday next.
Mr. FRENCH stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Hamilton, who was sick, or he should
have voted "no." He also announced that Mr.
•Morse was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
Mr. HUGHES stated that Mr. Hawkins had
paired off with Mr. Sedgwick.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
Mr. Keitt paired off with Mr. Kilgore.*
Mr. RICE announced that Mr. Train had
paired off with Mr. Winslow.
Mr. POTTLE announced that Mr. Palmer
was paired with Mr. English.
Mr. CURRY stated that Mr. Pryor had paired
off with Mr. Scranton. Mr. Pryor would have
voted against the bill.
Mr. BURCH announced that Mr. Stout was
paired off with Mr. Burnett on the Pacific rail-
road.
Mr. FENTON stated that Mr. Bealewos sick
and was paired for to-day with Mr. Hindman.
Mr. McKNIGHT said that he was paiied off
with Mr. Ashmore.
Mr. EDMUNDSON stated that if he had been
within the bar when his name was called he should
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. MORRIS, ofPcnnsylvania, when his name
was called, said: I vote "ay," because I desire to
see a bill reported which shall open the subscrip-
tion for stock in this railroad to all the people of
the United States, and not confine it to a few fa-
vored rich men.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. BRANCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. There are several gentlemen here who
desire to make speeches, and 1 hope an oppor-
tunity of doing so will be afforded them.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
MESSAGE FRO51 XIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that the Senate have disagreed to the
amendment of the House to the act (S. No. 41(j)
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain, and for other purposes.
That the Senate have passed an act (S. No.
450) to change the location of the custom-house
for the district of Brazos dc Santiago from Point
Isabel to Brownsville, in the State of Texas; in
which he was instructed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill (H. R.
No. 640) for the relief of Wendell Trout, with
an amendment; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill upon the
Speaker's fable upon which a committee of con-
ference ought to be appointed. I hope it will be
•taken up. _ It is the homestead bill, which has
just come in from the Senate.
Mr. CURRY. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Asiimoiib
and Sherman were appointed. .
The i louse, divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes 81.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask if it is the
undemanding that no business shall bedonc this
evening ?
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is the understanding
that no point shall be made in reference to there
being no quorum present, I presume it can be
agreed that no business shall be done,
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 agree to
no such understanding.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Stewart,] I believe, has the floor, and
with the understanding that no pointis to be made
in reference to a quorum, I agree that no busi-
ness shall be done.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, called for
tellers on Mr. Sherman's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.,Ashmore
and Burlingame were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 103, noes 20.
FOItTIFlCATIGfN BILL.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Tompkins in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
House bill (No. 217) making appropriations for
fortifications and other works of defense for the
year ending June 30, 1861.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the first read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. It may be
recollccted that some time ago, when I happened
not to be presentin the House, my colleague from
.the Baltimore district [Mr. Davis] took occasion
to make some remarks in committee in regard to
the passage, by the House of Delegates of Mary-
land, of a resolution in reference to the vote given
by that, gentleman for Speaker of this House.
My purpose was, as soon as I could get the
iloor, to make some reply to Ins remarks, of which
I gave-notice; but it so happened that I had not
an opportunity until some few days ago, and the
House has not been in committee since until this
evening. I avail myself, therefore, of the first oc-
casion which has presented itself, to submit some
observations. I should have preferred to do so
under more favorable circumstances; but as the
session is drawing to a close and there are other
gentlemen who desire to he hoard upon various
subjects, I cannot consent to defer wh.it I have
to say until another day, and I shall, therefore,
proceed to reply to my colleague. I hope he is
present. Inasmuch, however, as the House went
into committee upon the motion of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and my
colleague is a member of that committee, I presume
he has had notice I was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I informed the gentleman's
colleague that 1 should move to go into commit-
tee, and that the gentleman from Maryland was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART, ofMaryland. My colleague
has therefore had notice, and I proceed. 1 am glad
to see my colleague from the upper distiict of the
State [.Mr. Webster j present, as well as my col-
league from the sixth district, [Mr. Hucains.]
The occasion lias lost much of its interest from
the period which has elapsed. Some notes I had
made upon the subject have not been examined
recently, and I shall, therefore, not devote as much
time to the consideration of the subject-matter as
I might have done und'-r other circumstances.
There was absolution passed by the House of
Delegates of the State of Maryland, upon which
the gentleman fi om the Baltimore district thought
proper to comment. I will read the resolution
and accompanying proceedings:
" On motion of Mi. Comptox, tlie iwle* wcte suspended
to enable lnm to propose tin- following •
4<Resolved by the General Jl^scvxhUj of Maryland. That
Henry Winter Davis, acting in Coii2ie<s a- one of tlie
ltrprc tentative-, of thu £tato, by hi-, vol.; ior Mr. 1'i;nn"ing-
tow the candidate ot' tlie Black Republican p.irty tor tlie
'Speakeislnp of the Ilotb-c of ll^piesentativcs, lias misrep-
resented the sentiment* of ait portions of this State, and
thereby loiteited the confidence of her people.
£> Pendimj the consideration thereon,
"Mr. Djlnison', oi Baitimoic city, moved to strike oat
the vvoid { black/ pieccdiugthu woid 'Republican;1 which
was lost
" Mr. Compton moved the previous question; winch was
sustained.
" The question then being,c Shall the main question be
now put''
On motion of Mr. Wootton, a call of the House was or-
dered.
Pending the call of the Ilon^e,
" On motion o{ Mi. Ford, all further proceedings under
the call were dispensed will).
" The question thui recurring on tlie adoption of the reso-
lution, the yeas and naj-sj were demanded, and appealed as
follows:
" Yeas—Messrs. Kilbourn, (Speaker,) Durant, Morgan,
Rasin, Medders, Welch, Mackubin, Briscoe, Crompton,
Ford, Worthington, Oenison of Baltimore county, Qujnian,
Renshaw, Jones of Talbot, Chaplain, ponnis of Somerset,
Long, Lawson, Linthicum, Keene, Holland, Wiisou of
Cecil, Maxwell, MUler, Bryan, Woottpn, Jones of Prince
George's, Legg, Starkey, Jacobs, Landing, Dennis of Wor-
cester, Kessier, Claggett, Johnson, Salmon, NailJ, Wilson
of Harford, Bayless, McCoy, Straughn, Goldsboroagh,
Krafft, Booze, Berry, Crowley, McAllister, Coudy, Eakte,
Brimng, Freaner, Griffith, Harding, Gordon, Barnard,
Beall, McCreary, Roop, Gorsuch, Mills, Turner of How-
ard—62.
"Nay—Mr. Dcmson of Baltimore city—1. *
*' So the resolution was adopted."
It will be observed from on examination of the
proceedings, that, upon the passage of that reso-
lution, there were sixty-three members in attend-
ance; that sixty-two voted in the affirmative, and
but one in the negative. It was therefore adopted
almost unanimously. Of the sixty-three members
of the House of Delegates of Maryland voting on
this occasion, forty-three were Democrats, to wit:
Messrs. Kilbournc, (Speaker,) Durant, Mor-
gan, Holland, Maxwell, Goldsborough, Raisin,
Welsh, Mackubin, Briscoe, Compton, Ford,
"Worthington, Dcnison, Quintan, Renshaw,
Jones ofTalbot, Chaplain, Dennis of Worcester,
Long,Linthicum,Miller,Bryan, Wootton, Jones
of Prince George's, JLegg, Starlcey, Jacobs, Land-
ing, Kessler, Johnson, Salmon, Coudy, Eakle,
Brining, Freaner, Griffith, Harding, Gordon, Bar-
nard, Mills, and Turner.
Nineteen of them belonged to the American
garty, to wit: Messrs. Keene, Wilson'of Cecil,
traughn, Krafft, Booze, Medders, Dennis of
Somerset, Lawson, Naill, Wilson of Harford,
Bayless, McCoy, Berry, Crowley, McAllister,
Beall, McClearv, Roop, and Gorsuch.
Messrs. Krafft, Booze, Berry, Crowly, McAl-
lister, from the city of Baltimore, voted in the
affirmative, and the only vote in the negative was
Denison. From a list descriptive of the occupa-
tions of the members, I find there are, attorneys-
at-Jaw, 15;farmers,29; mechanics, 4; physicians,
6; merchants, 2; the others, ship-builders and man-
ufacturers, all respectable and worthy citizens of
the State, it is to be presumed, although possibly
not as well known to the country as the gentle-
man from Baltimore.
••Woods have their blossoms which we ne'er behold,
And the skies their worlds whose light is never known;
Ocean its trea-iuc^ has of untold gokl^
And earth her heroes that aio all unknown.
Yen may meet them as you pass and heed them not;
You may not know what hosts before them fell;
You may not count the battles they have fought—
The wreaths that ciown them are invisible."
History informs us that one Erostratus, an
Ephesian, on the very night that Alexander the
Great was* born, 356 B. burnt the temple of
Diana, at Ephcsus, merely to eternize his name
in the records of the world. If, for the reasons
set forth in his defense by the gentleman from
Baltimore, he has thrown himself into the breach,
and following the illustrious example of Clay,
whom lie, as he thinks, self-complacently cjuotcs,
and governed by a holier ambition than animated
the Ephesian, has immortalized himself, not by
burning down a temple, but by aiding in the de-
struction of the constitutional rights of the South,
m contributing to the election of Mr. Pennington,
Speaker of this House, in the year of our Lord
i860, why may not his friends in the Legislature,
although in a different sphere, attempt to hand
down their names to perpetual posterity by a
solemn and official condemnation of the act, if
they happen to disagree with him on so moment-
ous an occasion.5
Mr. Chairman, many wonderful things are re-
lated of a certain Epimenides, an ancient poet
and philosopher of Crete; his reputation was so
great ail over Greece that he was there esteemed
a favorite of the gods. Plutarch tells us he was
accounted the seventh wise man by those who
would not admit Periander into the number. It
is a remarkable fact in scriptural history that St.
Paul, chapter one, verse twelve, in a letter to Titus,
who was one of the disciples converted by him,
and who was Bishop of Crete, referring to certain
evil doers of that day, says there are many unruly
and vain talkers*and deceivers, whose mouths
must be stopped, who subvert whole houses,
teaching things which they ought not. One of
themselves, St. Paul continues, even a prophet of
their own, (alluding, it is supposed, to Epimen-
ides.) said the Cretans are always liars. Paul
directs Titus to rebuke them sharply. They pro-
