4:90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr.BRANCH. I now claim the floor. It was
not my purpose to interfere in any way with the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio. -If, ac-
cording to parliamentary law, under which wo
are acting, that proposition would come up in
order, after we had voted for Speaker, then the
gentleman could call up his proposition. If it is
not in order for that proposition to come up then,
as suggested by my friend from Alabama, it is
perfectly easy for gentlemen on that side of the
House, at any time, to bring the question into
precisely the same position it is in now.
My object, sir, and the sole object I have in
view, is that we may not pass one day without
making an effort to elect a Speaker in the usual
mode. So far as I am concerned, sir, I am determ-
ined that the records of this House shall show that
at least once on each day an honest effort was made
on this side of the House to have the House pro-
ceed to the election of a Speaker, in a manner that
is admitted by all to be legitimate, and to.which
there is no constitutional objection. After that
effort has been made, then gentlemen may bring
forward their propositions; then gentlemen may
suggest to the House, and attempt to get the
House to adopt their methods of electing, outside
of and different from that which the country is
familiar with.
• My sole object, sir, was to make the motion to
give the House an opportunity to proceed to vote
viva vocc, in the usual mode, for a Speaker. I in-
tend to renew that motion, unless some other gen-
tleman does so, on every day of the session while
I am in my scat, und the House remains unorgan-
ized. I desire for one, to say, in addition, that I
will not be precluded from making it because other
gentlemen choose to make propositions that a large
part of the members of this House believe to be
unconstitutional and, to say the least of them, un-
usual, and subject to very grave and serious ob-
jection. •
Mr. SPINNER. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will ask him a question. I should like
to ask him whether it is not true that, for five days,
no vote has been taken; and whether a vote has
not been prevented by discussion on his own side ?
Mr. BRANCH. I understand no such thing.
Mr. SPINNER. Such is the fact, nevertheless.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand no such thing.
My impression is, that there has not been a day
for five days, when gentlemen on that side of the
House, if they had risen to move for a vote for
Speaker, could not have had that vote taken.
Mr. SPINNER. But the floor has been ex-
clusively occupied by members of the gentleman *s
side of the House.
Mr. BRANCH. Other gentlemen have also
occupied the floor. Gentlemen on the other side
have had the floor during those five days. There
has not been a day of those five days on which gen-
tlemen on that side liave not had the floor. Why
did they not then move to proceed to a vote for
Speaker? But, sir, not one of them has done so;
not one has suggested that we proceed to elect a
Speaker.
Mi. EDGERTON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina if I understand him
rightly as saying that there are men on his side
who are resolved we shall never take a vote on
this question ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I say so.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 have reason to think, and
it lias been repeatedly declared upon this floor by
gentlemen in their own person, that there aivgen-
tlemen who never will consent to the election of
a Speaker of this House by the plurality rule;
who never will consent that a minority of this
House sholl say who shall be Speaker of it. I
believe that the gentlemen who have made that
declaration are sincere; I believe that they will act
on it; and hence I do not wish that the attempt to
elect a Speaker in the usual way shall be blocked,
because there are gentlemen here who arc determ-
ined there shall never be an election under the
plurality rul*.
Mr. EDGERTON. The gentleman docs not
answer my question. I understood him previously
to say that there were men upon that side who
were resolved that we should never take a vote on
the question of the plurality rule. Did I under-
stand him correctly ?
Mr. BRANCH. T do not know that I have
made any such declaration. I do not recollect
that I have made anv such declaration; but lwill
say one thing, that I know it to be true that there
are gentlemen upon this side who will never con-
sent to a resolution in favor of the plurality rule
coming before the House out of order, out of its
usual course, and until all other questions pend-
ing before the House upon the Clerk's table are
disposed of.
Mr. EDGERTON. Does the gentleman mean
to say that there are gentlemen here who say that
the majority shaii not rule?
Mr. BRANCH. What does the gentleman
mean by saying " a majority " of this House shall
not rule ?
Mr. EDGERTON. I mean a majority of the
House; that is what I mean.
Mr. BRANCH. What is it that the gentleman
and his friends are attempting to do, day after day,
except to legalize the rule of a minority ? What
else is it ? What is it gentlemen are endeavoring
to do, day after day, except to allow a minority
of the House to rule the House, and say who
shall be Speaker? Ah ! it looks as though gen-
tlemen on that side of the House only object to
the minority rule when that minority is not them-
selves. There are, as we know, methods under
the parliamentary law by which a minority of this
House can prevent a vote from being taken. I
feel safe in saying that there are gentlemen on this
floor who will n£verconsent to avote being taken
on the plurality rule out of the regular course, and
never until every question pending before the
House has been regularly and lawfully disposed
of. And it is not for gentlemen who are, day after
day, attempting to legalize the rule of the minor-
ity, to complain that the minority on this side
are trying to rule them.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have got from the gen-
tleman all I wanted; and 1 hope the country will
take notice of it.
Mr. REAGAN. ItwilInowbeseen,Mr. Clerk,
that an attempt to press a vote on the plurality
rule, before the precedent questions are disposed
of, will involve a series of dilatory motions. In
that case, it may be rendered more difficult than
it has been to organize the House. Long as the
struggle has been, sir, it is much to the credit of
the House that it has been conducted in the main
wi-th a great degree of forbearance and courtesy
on both sides of the House. It is best for us to
£ive our efforts, therefore, for an organization
m that direction which will continue, as far as
possible, the existing state of kind feeling. If
the gentleman insists upon his resolution, it will
be seen that we shall be met by a character of
debate that will not tend to prolong that kindly
feeling.
As 1 said in the outset, Mr. Clerk, I have no
disposition to make a factious opposition to the
will of the majority of this House. 1 want to see
the will of the majority carried out. I desire to
see the rules of the House maintained. 1 believe
that that is the general feeling on tlus side of the
House, and I will not say that it is not the feeling
on the other side. What we desire is, that we shall
have a fair vote of the House on the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Missouri, and, of
course, to get to that, it is necessary that we shall
vote on the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina. If gentlemen are desirous of organizing
the House, they will see that, by permitting ac-
tion on that resolution and upon the substitute
proposed for it, on both of which the previous
question has been called, they can remove the diffi-
culty to action on the resolution they have to
present. I suggest that the better course for them
is to take a vote on those resolutions.
Mr. Clerk, as it is growing late in the day, I
renew the motion that we proceed to vote for
Speaker. I hope there will be general consent to
that proposition. Is there objection?
Several Members on the Republican side of
the House objected.
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Clerk, we have now
reached a point that I have been anticipating for
some time. We have now come to a dead lock—
a point we might just as well have reached some
four weeks ago, as to rcach it at this late day. We
have now the fact expressed, plainly and dis-
tinctly, that a minority upon this floor have re-
solved that no Speaker shall be elected; for but
one mode has been suggested by any gentleman
by which an election can be had, and that is the
plurality rule, which has become a precedent in
Congress under difficulties similar to those whi^h
exist at this time, and which we are told shall be
resisted to the last.
. Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will permit me, I say he misstates our
position.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman can answer
me when I get through.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 only want to set the gen-
tleman right.
Mr. HICKMAN. I make it a general rule
never to interrupt any gentleman in debate, unless
I form the subject of his remarks; and I do not
propose to be interrupted myself by any gentle-
man, unless he forms the subject of my remarks.
That is, J think, a good rule.
Mr. BURNET!. The reason why I inter-
rupted the gentleman was, that I am among the
number of those whose position he was attempt-
ing to state, and he misstated it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not know that. I do
not say that is the position of the gentleman from
Kentucky. I most sincerely hope it is not, and
that what I state is a misstatement as far as his
position is concerned.
Now, sir, there has been an expression of this
kind made upon this floor—and it is not new here
—that this plurality rule, the only rule by which,
to all appearances, an election can be had, shall
never be submitted to a vote of this House. The
position now occupied by the other side is, that a
majority of this House, if they wish to adopt this
rule, shall not be permitted to adopt it, because a
minority upon the southern side say they will not
permit that vote to be had.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman mistakes
our position. Our position is, that a minority
shall not organize this House.
Mr. HICKMAN. If I misstate the position
of any man, then I will be interrupted, if I mis-
state the position of any body of men, then they
can have the floor after I have concluded.
Now, sir, I do state it again, and I wish to state
it so distinctly that it may not be misapprehended
here or .elsewhere; and if I am mistaken in the
statement which I shall make, it is then open for
correction. I do not design, as I do not desire,
upon any occasion to misstate the position of any
gentleman. I say that the declaration has been
made here more than once, by more than one
southern gentleman, that they are determined to
resist, by all parliamentary means—and, as the
declaration went forth this morning, by all other
means—the submission of a plurality resolution to
a vote of the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman has now
brought himself within the category in which he
will allow himself to be interrupted; for I presume
he alludes to remarks made by myself. I wish
to explain my position. I believe the plurality
rule to be utterly unconstitutional, and I shall
oppose its adoption by all the legitimate means in
my power; but 1 am not disposed to make a fac-
tious opposition to the taking up of that question
when the proper time arrives. What I said for-
merly, and I now repeat it, is, that if you attempt
to approach it in the indirect manner you are at-
tempting to-day, I shall oppose it by all the means
in my power; but when the resolution conies up
in a proper shape, I shall offer to it no factious
opposition, though I shall vote against it. But
when you attempt to bring it in indirectly, I will
resort to other means than those I would resort
to when it is brought up m an open, fair, and le-
gitimate way. And I say this: that so far as I
know, it is the feeling upon this side of the House
that you cannot reach the plurality rule in any
shape or form, until you come up fairly, like
brave and courageous men, and meet the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark.]
When you have disposed of that, bring forward
your plurality rule if you can do it, and I shall
oppose it with no factious spirit, though I shall
use all parliamentary means to defeat it.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I did not mistake the
position of even the gentleman from North Caro-
lina. The only failure I made was in not giving
his reason to the House, which he has already
given upon more than one occasion, and I do not
think it necessary to repeat it.
Mr. WINSLO'W. What is that >'
Mr. HICKMAN. I understood the gentleman
from North Carolina just now to repeat, as the
plurality rule now presented itself, he would re-
sist it by all the means m his power.
