2454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
fe'ss that they know God; but in works they deny
Him, being abominable and disobedient, and unto
every good work reprobate.
When the gentleman from Baltimore was con-
sulting; the authorities—the poets and classics—
to see how he would apply words of wisdom to
his friends—the Americans in the Maryland Legis-
lature,.more especially—must have beep struck
with this case of the Cretans, and, Epimenides-
like, bears ample testimony against them. If they
have become abominable, disobedient, and rep-
robate, is the gentleman without guilt when he
says " they went through the election on his
shoulders; and if they saw away the bough be-
tween themselves and the tree, they must fall?"
I reckon they must have considered the tree,
bough, trunk, and all, pretty well down. And
in such a-dilemma, it was " devil take the hind-
most;" and they forgot the great favor that the
■gentleman had rendered them.
Mr. Chairman, it is said truth is omnipotent,
and public justice certain. We shall see how the
gentleman and his disciples, and the members of
the Legislature whom he traduces, will stand the
test of this ordeal.
Mr. HUGrHES. My colleague from Baltimore,
to whom my colleague now upon the iloor is re-
plying, being absent, if my colleague will yield,
I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There are
other gentlemen present who desire to speak; and
if the gentleman does not want to go on now, let
him yield the floor, with the understanding that
he shall have it when we next go into commit-
te<Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I will yield
with that understanding. Whilst I would treat
Nmy colleague from Baltimore, whether presentor
absent, with the decorum due to the occasion, yet
as I am commenting upon his public proceedings,
I would prefer him to be present; and therefore
yield the floor, with the understanding that I am
entitled to it when we again go into committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will take that
to be the understanding if there be 110 objection.
There was no objection.
Messrs. WAStfBURNE, of Illinois, ASH-
LEY, and PERRY, next addressed the commit-
tee. [Their speeches will bo published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. McKEAN obtained the floor, and yielded to
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, who moved that
the committee rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. IIowakd, of
Michigan, having taken the chair as Speaker jjro
tempore, Mr. Tompkins reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 217, making appropriations for the construc-
tion and preservation and repairs of eeitain forti-
fications of defense for the year ending .Tune 30,
1861, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROBINSON, of
Rhode Island, (at five o'clock and fifteen min-
utes, p.m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 30, 18(50.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GtrRLEy.
• The Journal of yesterday wasread and approved.
executive communication.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, of the 26th instant, a statement of
the amounts due the several contractors for gran-
ite, or other materials, already delivered for the
construction of the Treasury building and the
custom-houses at New Orleans and Charleston,
with the report of the acting engineer in charge of
the office of construction under the Treasury De-
partment, with the accompanying documents;
which was, on motion of Mr. Hamhn, referred
to the Committee on Finance.
MARY J. HARRIS.
Mr. GRIMES. I am desired to ask the con-
sent of tin; Senate to take up the bill (H. R. No.
656) for the relief of Mary J. Harris, widow of
Colonel Thomas L. Harris, of Illinois. It will
take but a moment, I apprehend.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 6SG) to
grant a pension to Mary J. Harris, widow of Col-
onel Thomas L. Harris, deceased. It directs the
proper officer of the Government to place the name
of Mary J. Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas
L. Harris, deceased, on the pension roll, and that
she shall receive a pension for life, equal to the
half pay of a colonel in the Mexican war, the
pension to commence from the 1st of January,
1859.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like to know what
the amount of the pension will be?
Mr. GRIMES. The half pay of a colonel.
Mr. SLIDELL. Rut I should like^to know
what that will amount to.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a House bill, and I am
not able to inform the Senator. I presume a mem-
ber of the Committee on Military Affairs would
know.
Mr..SLIDELL. Without some information
011 that sul jeet, I think the bill had better go over.
The highest pension has been fifty dollars amonth,
$600 a year, and this may be more than that.
Mr. MALLORY. I will inquire if it lias been
reported hack from any eommittee of the Senate5
Mr. GRIMES, It has been reported back by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Powell,] not
now in his scat. A Representative from Illinois
requested me to call it up this morning, to be acted
upon in the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. This officer, as I undrrstand
—I do not know whether I am correctly informed,
and if not, I beg to be corrected—duiing the Mex-
ican war was only a major, and had no higher
grade than that of major. Of course, therefore,
his widow is only entitled to the half pay of a
major in the Army. She cannot be given the pay
of a lieutenant colonel, when he was only a major,
of he was a captain, she would only get the half
pay of a captain; if a private, only the half pay of
a private. The largest pension that has ever been
granted, has been the half pay of a lieutenant col-
onel, and that only when the grade of the officer
was higher than lieutenant colonel.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say to the Senator
from Georgia, that I do not object to any amend-
ment he or any other Senator may propose. I
have paid no particular attention to tnis bill. It
passed unanimously through the House of Rep-
resentatives, was sent to the Senate, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and reported by the
Senator from Kentucky, not now m his seat. I
have been requested to call it up. If it appro-
priate more than the amount legitimately be-
longing to a man in his grade, then I hope some
Senator will amend it.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend it by inserting
the words, "not exceeding fifty dollars per
month."
Mr. MALLORY. That will not answer the
objection of the Senator from Georgia. The ques-
tion is, whether the officer was in fact a lieutenant
colonel, or only a major; and that amendment will
not meet the objection. I suggest to my friend
from Iowa to let the bill pass over informally
until the Senator from Kentucky comes in the
Chamber, and then we can learn the fact as to
what the grade of the officer was.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing that should be
done.
Mr. DAVIS. I think we had better pass the
bill while wo have it before us. If it be the pleas-
ure of the Senate to move amendments, they can
do so now as well as at any other time. The rank
of this officer, if my memory serves me, was that
of a major; and it is true that the pension law re~
| stricts the highest pension to the half pay of a
lieutenant colonel. Those facts, I suppose, we
may take now as conceded. If the Senate please
to amend the bill—it being a liberal provision be-
yond that which the law allows—it is in their
power to do so as well now as at any other time.
I would very much prefer to have action upon it,
since it is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, the ques-
tion is on the amendment oftheSenatorfrom New
Hampshire.
Mr. IVERSON. What'is that amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
report the amendment.
The Secretary read it: after the word 44 war,"
in line seven, to insert the words, "not exceed-
ing fifty dollars per mouth;*' so that it will read:
And that the said Mary J. Harris shall rcccive a pension
for life equal to the half pay of a colonel m the Mexican
war, not exceeding fifty dollars per month.
Mr. IVERSON. Is that amendment open to
amendment? If so, I propose to strike it out,
and insert "the half pay of a rhajor of infantry."
That is what he was, and I am perfectly willing
to give her just what the law would entitle any-
body else to, and not any more than that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia moves to amend the amendment by strik-
ing out the word " colonel," and inserting " ma-
jor onnfantry;"so that the amendment will then
read:
A pension for life equal to the half pay of a major of In-
fantry in the Mexican war, not exceeding fifty dollars per
month.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia, in line seven to strike out the word " colo-
nel," and insert " major of infantry;" so that it
will read:
And that the said Mary J. Harris shall recelvc a pension
for life equal to the half pay of a major of infantry in the
Mexican war.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Seriate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to bo engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
executive business.
Mr. MASON. 1 rise to give notice, the Senate
being full, that I shall to-morrow, after the expira-
tion of the morning hour, at twelve o'clock, ask
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business, for reasons that I am sure will
be satisfactory to the Senate, if it will be their
pleasure to do it.
bkitisii brig jessie.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, while I am up,
I ask the Senate to take up the bill (H. R. No.
34D) for the relief of Peter Rogerson and Son, of
St. John's, Newfoundland, owners of the British
brig Jessie. This is a House bill, reported from
the Committee on Commerce. If the Senate will
indulge me a moment, I will state that this is a
bill to reimburse to this house, a British house,
losses which they sustained under the circum-
stances which I will state in brief. There was a
sailing ship that belonged to these British owners,
in Newfoundland, on a voyage from Liverpool to
Newfoundland. On the voyage, they fell in with
an American packet, of fifteen hundred tons, and
with sixty persons, passengersand crew, on board,
in a sinking condition. They rescued them, took
them all on board, and then were obliged to make
for the nearest port. They took them bock to
Ireland; and lost the entire voyage, with all the
expenses incident to it. It was the subject of cor-
respondence between the British Government and
the Dcpartmentof State, and all the facts are fully
shown. It is a debt of the highest obligation of
honor, I submit, to the country. It has passed
the House, and I ask now that it may pass the
Senate.
Mr. GREEN. I understood yesterday that all
House bills would come up in regular order. I
had a House bill, that was simple and plain in its
provisions, which the Senator from Virginia ob-
jected to. I hope we will not make any excep-
tions, but let all come up in regular order.
Mr. MASON. Idonotrecollect the occurrence;
but I certainly did not do it with any discourtesy
to the Senator, of any kind.
Mr. IVERSON. I beg to say to the Senator
from Virginia, and the Senate, that the probabil-
ity is that every House bill will be considered by
the Senate. I will move on Friday, when the Pri-
vate Calendar is taken up, that -the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bills, setting
aside Senate bills for the present. It is unneces-
sary to take them ur> out of their order. They ,
will all be considered in time, and I hope the Sen-
ate will not take up this bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will proceed
now to consider the bill to establish the overland
mail, which has been debated in part and consid-
ered. The Senator from Virginia has given us
notice that he wishes ail day to-morrow on exec-
