1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
the vanguard of civilization upon this continent.
They penetrate the wild solitudes far beyond the
safety and comforts of society.. They traverse
and explore regions in which, for the time being,
families could not reside securely. They pitch
their tents, build their houses, break up and im-
prove the soil, and open the broacLacres to occu-
pancy and culture. They furn'isn a more sure
and perfect protection to our western frontier
than can be given by all the armed soldiers along
the borderline. Coming mostly from the different
States of the Union, they bring with them a deep
and permanentattachmentto the institutions of our
country; and, as settlements advance, they organ-
ize municipal governments, and lay the founda-
tion of future States. Such are some of their labors
and dangers—such are some of their achieve-
ments. vVhy, then, in the name of fairness and
of common sense, should this class of active and
energetic young men be entirely ignored and cast,
aside by the Senate bill ?
Laws, in order to be just, must be equal in their
application; and I regard tho Senate bill, in the
provision of which 1 speak, as partial, unequal,
and unjust. *
It may be that the authors of the bill intended
that this exfijusion of young men without families
from the benefits to be conferred should of itself
operate as an active encouragement to matri-
mony among our people. I have no doubt that
they agree with Rie in believing early marriages
- to bo productive of great moral good in a com-
*munity; but I must be excused for thinking that
their proscriptive policy fails of its object, and docs
not furnish the proper encouragement. If the
restrictive clause were to apply only to the.sons
and daughters of those early pioneers who emi-
grated many years ago to the frontiers, and who
have grown, with growing States, into prosperity
and wealth; if it were to apply only to those chil-
dren who have inherited from their parents both
the spirit of adventure and the frame to sustain
hardsiiips—if these were the only persons to be
affected, this clause would not be so entirely ob-
jectionable. But not all women can endure the
same privations. While the forest is yet to be
felled, and the humble cabin is yet to be erected,
the great majority of the women of our country
are too frail to join in the struggles and hardships
of the early settler. Sir, this bill should look be-
yond an immediate benefit. If properly devised,
it will be for the interest of the masses; it will be
for the interest of society at large, and of that
high morality upon which all sorn-ty ought to
rest. It will advance the cause of suffering hu-
manity everywhere. Those are the ends which
the guardians of the nation's weal should seek in
discharging the high trust reposed in them. Pass
through our great cities. See the boys of all ages
who swarm around the streets—many of them
willing and anxious to labor, but finding nothing
for their hands to do. See thorn exposed to temp-
tations of every kind; day after day looking upon
the equipages of wealth with the hungry and can-
nibal eye of poverty. Who does not wish that
these boys might be rescued from the constant
strife between vice and virtue, m which vice so
often obtains the mastery ? Let them be told that
there is labor for them. Let them be told that
they can go to the fertile lands of the West, and
conquer a possession from the wilderness by the
force of their own exertions.
We shall have less need for the erection of pris-
ons; we have loss occasion for tiie maintenance of
houses of refuge. And when the ambition of the
settler has been attained; whefi his task has been
accomplished; when the cabin has been built; when
the rich earth has begun to yield her abundant
fruits; then the young settler will require no stimu-
lating legislation to drive him into matrimony. He
will feel for himself the necessity of a partner and
a helpmeet in his free home, won by his own toil.
Nature legislates in these cases better than man.
Rely upon it, sir, that we shall act wisely in extend-
ing the benefits of the bill to all unmarried men.
Now, sir, I come to another objection against
the Senate bill. It will operate unjustly as to our
foreign population. In this particular it falls far
shortof the liberality of the preemption laws them-
selves. On this account,too, I was surprised that
the Senator from Ohio should announce that he
favored the Senate bill.
Mr. PUGH, The Senator is mistaken. That
is a point which I have suggested to the Senator
from Tennessee; that the Senate bill escaped my
attention. I wish to amend it si that; but if it
will not interrupt the Senator, I will make a sug-
gestion on the point he has just left. The object
of confining the Senate bill to heads of families is
to prevent fraud, with which the Senator must
certainly be familiar under the operations of the
preemption act. The Senate bill docs not affect
the operation of the preemption act, or graduation
act, or the special law for Kansas and Nebraska,
which permit settlement under the preemption
law upon unsurvcyed lands; so that these young
men may go forward and make their claims under
the preemption law,and they are not even called
upon to pay for it until proclamation and public
sale is made at the interval of five or six years.
Therefore, the c0bct of the Senate bill is simply to
make, not an exclusion, but a distinction between
the head of a family and an unmarried man, and
precisely that distinction exists in every donation
law we "have ever adopted—"in the Oregon act, the
New Mexico act, and the Florida act. The Sen-
ate committee have not departed from the princi-
ples heretofore adopted.
Mr. WILKINSON. I would say to the Sena-
tor that the provision for which I contend is pre-
cisely the same as that adopted by the policy of
the preemption law. That law extends its priv-
ileges to all citizens, present or prospective, mar-
ried or unmarried, who may be over twenty-one
years of age. I do not wish this measure to fall
short of the liberality of that law.
Mr. PUGH. 1 know that; but the preemption
law is the law of payment, and that is the reason
for it.
* Mr. WILKINSON. I do not know that I ex-
actly understand the meaning of the Senator. If
he means only that this restriction would have the
effect of pieventing frauds, 1 caixrcaddy answer
him. So far as my experience has gone, young
and unmarried men have been found no more effi-
cient in robbing the Government of its lands by
fraud than some older men and heads of families
My impression is that their honesty is quite'equal
to the average honesty of the old men. Perhaps
they have not lived long enough to become so
hardened in iniquity as to enable them to take a
preemption oath without foundation for it. Their
elders sometimes set the example.
Mr. PUGTI. This is the idea: the head of a
family who has or may have his family with
him will very often—I will not say in every case
—make a bona fide settlement and go upon the
land; but in the ease of young men, who have no
fixed residence, a majority of their settlements
to-day, under the preemption law, are colorable.
It is an ascertained fact that a majority of them
are colorable. They merely take the lands to sell
them again, and that is the way they get into the
hands of speculators. They do notgetitatpublic
sale, but get it by colorable preemptions.
.Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator strengthens
my position. My argument is, that our present
practice encourages a violation of the law. His
objection, I repeat, would apply equally to any
married men who might choose to avail them-
selves of a looseness in the law.
Mr. PUGH. No doubt, in some cases.
Mr. WILKINSON. But the Senator docs not
yet seem to appreciate the full force of the idea.
In advance of settlements, men cannot take their
families into the wilderness. They could not en-
dure the necessary hardships. By offering induce-
ments to young men, we shall secure the opening
up of the wilderness, the building of cabins, and
the planting of first crops. As settlements in-
crease, the facilities for obtaining wives will in-
crease with them.
But to resume. I have said that I object to the
Senate bill, because it will operate unjustly ip re-
gard to our foreign population.
The Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Nicholson,]
in his recent spccch in support of that bill, used j
the following language:
"The bill matured by the Senate committee. ami now
betoie the Senate, is relieved of these obiectionaf provis-
ions, and to that I shall confine my remarks.
" It provides that any person who is the head of a family
and a citizen of the United States, or who shall have filed
his intention to become a citizen m pursuance of our nat-
uralization laws, shall have the right to enter one quarter
section of the unappropriated public domain; but in exer-
cising this right, >uch person is to be restricted to those
lands thai have been surveyed, proclaimed, and offered for
sale, and are consequently subject to private entry under
existing laws."
With all respect for the Senator, I must beg to
correct tho error in this statement of fact. The
bill docs not declare that any person "who shall
have filed his intention to become a citizen, in pur-
suance of our naturalization laws," shall have the
right to enter lands under its provisions. And here
I rest my'complaint; here I find another act of
palpable injustice. The first section of the Sen-
ajfljjill is as follows:
' "That*any person who is the bead of a family, and a cit-
izen of the United States, shall, from and after the passage
of this act, be entitled to enter one quarter section of vacant
and unappropriated public lands, or a quantity equal thereto,
to be located in a body, in conformity with the legal sub-
divisions of the public lands, and after the same shall have
been surveyed." *
This section distinctly and expressly limits the
application of the bill to the citizens of the United
States. It would entirely exclude all those per-
sons who may emigrate to this country from a
foreign land after the passage of the bill, until they
shall have resided jn the United States for five
years, and until they shall have becomc citizens
thereof.
Mr. WIGFALL. I ask the Senator, in a word,
does he propose to give away the public lands to
persons who arc not citizens of the United States?
Mr. WILKINSON. I propose to make the
bill precisely as broad as t^e preemption act now
is; to extend its benefits to all foreigners who
may declare their intention to become citizens of
the United States. I wish to do nothing more; I
believe that it would be unjust to do anything less.
Twenty years ago Congress, in the passage of its
preemption act, adopted the measure of placing
foreigners who had declared their intention to
become citizens of the United States on an equal-
ity (so far as the land laws were conccrned) with
the native-born citizen. This system was dic-
tated, not only by an exalted sense of national
liberality, but also by a wise desire on the part of
the Government to invite, foster, and encourage
emigration from Europe. I argue that twenty
years of bcneficial experience should be amply
sufficient to confirm in our minds the evident ad-
vantages of the established policy. During that
time we have been furnished with the most abun-
dant proofs of the loyalty of this class of our
people. Why should we now begin to make any
oppressive restrictions in regard to them?
Who can now protend to dread their influence?
Who can pretend, in the face of along and convinc-
ing experience, to fear the effects of their emigrat-
ing hither? What new reason has been discovered
that should check the influx of this foreign popu-
lation ? Let us question the record; let us sum-
mon history to produce her testimony in regard to
our foreign population* There has been no battle-
field from Maine to Mexico that is not red with the
blood of foreigners shed in defense of American
liberty ! Wherever our flag has been borne victo-
riously in battle, there the heart of the foreigner has
throbbed beneath its folds! There he has stood
shoulder to shoulder with the native-bom, hoping
the same hopes, bearing the same dangers, strug-
gling for the same ends, and exulting m the same
triumphs. Whenever we have conquered new
territory from an enemy, his bones "lie thickly
scattered beneath it.
The Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Dayis,]
who has honorably and ably filled the position of
Sccrctary of War, can tell, from the annals of his
Department, how true that class of our popula-
tion has been in time of war. The whole flour-
ishing West—indeed, the whole country—can
attest how useful they have been in time of peace
The foreign population ! Stretching outward and
westward from our sea-port towns, bearing the
will to toil and the energy to secure success, that
population has marched steadily on, v^Rh the in-
cessant and irresistible tread of a great destiny. It
has gone into the silence of the primeval forests,
and the ax of the woodman has made music in the
solitude; and happy homes have smiled throughout
the wilderness. It has plunged into the depths of
the marshes; and millions of acres have been re-
claimed from sterility and won to cultivation.
Everywhere it has assisted in creating villages,
towns, and cities, in its luminous path.
Wherever American art has triumphed, or
American civilization has been clearly established,
there you will find the history of our foreign pop-
ulation, not written in perishable or lying rccords,
but stamped—indelibly stamped—in characters of
deed and action, upon the progress and civiliza-
tion of a mighty national existence. These for-
eigners who have become citizens—these men who
have accomplished so much--have only paved
