1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
Mr. WINSLOW. X mean all the parliamentary
means to which gentlemen resort on this floor.
My friend could not suppose that I would resort
to any other.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am perfectly willing to
take the gentleman's explanation, with the limita-
tions and restrictions imposed upon it. By all
parliamentary modes of resistance, I understand
the gentleman to mean all dilatory motions which
can be put to this body, such as calls of the House;
motions to adjourn; motions to adjourn over until
a particular day, &c.; and m this way revolving
the endless chain of parliamentary tactics and ex-
pedients.
It all comes to the same thing identically, that
the southern side of the House, and northern Dem-
ocrats intermingled with that southern side of the
House—yes, northern Democrats, representing
here northern constituencies, honest constituen-
cies, have come up here, and now stand boldly upon
the ground assumed by certain gentlemen of the
South, that under no circumstances will they per-
mit this plurality rule to be voted upon. I repeat
it, the declaration is this: that although, at any
moment, it maybe made perfectly manifest that a
large majority of this body will vote for the adop-
tion of the plurality rule, yet that the voice of
that overwhelming majority shall not, under any
circumstances, be heard. Thatisit. Thatiswhat
is called Democracy here.
Well, suppose certain gentlemen do believe the
plurality rule unconstitutional: what does that
amount to? Am I to permit the gentleman from
North Carolina, or the gentleman from Virginia,
or any other gentleman, to instruct me as to what
the Constitution means, and to make me act under
his indoctrination. Is that Democracy ? Havel
not the right, and has not any other gentleman
upon this floor the right, to interpret the Consti-
tution as he understands it, and to give it force
and efl'ect as he may understand it as far as he
can do so by his vote ?
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. HICKMAN. No, sir; that is the position
of the great Democratic party.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. HICKMAN. I will not permit interrup-
tions unless I misstate 
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman if he re-
fers to what I said this morning and to me ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not, sir.
Mr LEAKE. Do you refer to me? I spoke
on the subject on Friday last-
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not. I refer to the re-
marks made some days sine? by Mr. Garnett ,
of Virginia. This, then, is the point in cardinal
Democracy that we are to reach. A Democratic
minority chooses to disregard the will of a ma-
jority, and to say to them that they will not, under
any circumstances, allow them to manifest or de-
clare that will. Why, sir, this all certainly means
but one thing. Everything that has transpired here
for the last six weeks means but one thing, and will
bear but one interpretation. It is that this House
shall not be organized, but that the reign of ter-
ror has already commenced, and that disunion is
budding and blossoming and is soon to bear its
fruits. [Derisive laughter from the Democratic
benches.]
Gentlemen talk here about propositions being
illegitimate, being offered out of time, and out of
season. Why, sir, no resolution has been offered
here, and no question has been raised here, that
has been in order at any time, according to the
opinions of certain gentlemen on this floor; and
every proposition made to dispose of the ques-
tions now standing on the Journal of the House
has been refused on the other side. Is there any
gentleman hero who presumes to say that the
motion which I made some three or four weeks
back, to correct the Journal of the House, was
not a proper question on which to take a vote ?
If it is admitted to be a proper question, demand-
ing a vote of the House, I then institute the in-
quiry why it is that we have not been permitted
to reach that vote? I can only understand it to
be apart of the programme of action agreed upon—
that no vote shall be had here, and that the or-
ganization of the House shall not even be approx-
imated. I have offered to throw everything that
I have introduced on the Journal away from it.
I have offered that a straight vote should be taken
on the proposition introduced by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] and then that we
should go on to the consideration of the plurality
rule, following the. disposal of that question
Whenever I have made these propositions they
have been spurned. I am constrained, therefore,
to entertain the opinion which I now express,
that there is a solemn determination on that side
of the House by southern Democrats and—what
I more regret by far—by northern Democrats,
who can never explain their action, in my judg-
ment, to the satisfaction of northern constituen-
cies, that this House shall not be organized.
Mr. BARR. One moment, if the gentleman
pleasef. Let me say to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania that the northern Democrats will, when
the proper time comes, speak for themselves. It
is not for those northern Democrats to speak for
them who have run away from the Democratic
party for a mess of psttage and have not got it.
[Laughter from the Democratic benches,]
Mr. HICKMAN. No, sir; I hope that, if
there be any gentlemen of thatkind who ha\e run
to this side of the House for pottage, they may
find stronger gruel than that found oil the other
side. [Laughter.] But I shall permit no remark
of that kind to drive me from the object which I
have in view, and that is, to make manifest, if I
can, the real condition of things now existing
here. The force of the remark which I make, if
it is groundless, may be easily disposed of with-
out personal remarks; and I always regard a gen-
tleman driven to hard shifts when he leaves the
argument of his adversary to engage ill words of
a personal character.
I repeat it, that the northern Democracy here
on this floor, are so far controlled by southern
gentlemen here, as to lend their cooperation to
prevent an organization of the House by the adop-
tion of any rule that will effect it.
Mr. BARR. I must say to the gentleman that
no southern gentleman has ever undertaken to
control any northern man on this side, and never
could control him.
Mr. IIICKMAN. If I am mistaken, the gen-
tleman can give us his views of the matter at a
proper time and in his own way; but if I am en-
titled to the floor, I wish to have it. I make no
personal application of my remarks to the gentle-
man. I do not know that they will apply to all
the northern Democracy. I have no idea that
they will.
Mr. BARR. One moment. The gentleman
says that the southern members of the Democratic
party are controlling the northern members of that
party. I say that he places me, as a northern
Democrat, m a false position before the House
and before the country. No southern man has
undertaken to control my vote. Neither a south-
ern nor a northern man could do it against my
wishes, and against the requirements of the Con-
stitution and the interests of the Democratic party.
Mr. HICKMAN. I would not, for any con-
sideration, do injustice to any gentleman; but I
think I will prove that even the gentleman himself
is controlled just as I say.
Mr. BARR. Please state any vote in which I
have been controlled. Let the gentleman wait till
the time comes, and till that control is brought to
bear.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman does not
understand me.
Mr. BARR. Yes, sir; I understand you very
plainly. You want to put me in a false position.
Mr. HICKMAN. There is no controversy
between the gentleman and myself. He misun-
derstands the point of my remark. I say that
men on that side of the Hall arc controlled by gen-
tlemen of the South. I say so for the reason that
there must be gentlemen there who are anxious
to reach a vote on the plurality rule, and yet the
members of their own party will not permit them
to do so.
Mr. BARR. Have I given any vote to stop it?
Wait till that time comes before you make that
chargc.
Mr. HICKMAN. A few days ago, when a
motion was made to proceed to a ballot, and when
the previous question was called, as the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr.Wmsi.ow] avowed, for
the purpose of preventing me from offering an
amendment to that motion in the shape of a pro-
viso for the plurality rule, every gentleman on that
side of the House voted to sustain the previous
question m order to prevent thatamendmcnt being
made. For that reason, sir, I say that they are
controlled in their actionhere, and they stand (Com-
mitted alongside of those whoare most ultra on this
point of resisting the organization of the House,
and preventing a vote on any question standing
on the Journal of the House. Is there any ne-
cessity for taking another ballot? Are we to
engage day after day in this useless and worse
than ridiculous farce of balloting, when we all
know perfectly well that the election of a Speaker
is impossible as we stand now? I, for one, say
that I will never favor another ballot for Speaker
until I can be satisfied that a change has taken
place in the mjnds of gentlemen either on one side
of the House or the other; or until we first adopt
the plurality rule or some other rule that shall be
analogous to it in its operation.
I understand, I think, the disposition which is
here manifested to take a ballot. It is not because
it is supposed for a moment that an election can#
result from it. That is not it. It is for the purpose
of quieting the Democratic party in the North.
That is the object; for I toll you, sir, that the in-
quiry is being made now in all the sections of the
northern country, why do you not elect a Speaker
of the House ? And wo are to have a ballot now,
and it will be generously proposed to do the same
thing on to-morrow, and the next day, for the pur-
pose indicated. It will be proposed that we shall
have a ballot, in order that it may go forth to the
northern Democratic newspapers, that the Demo-
cratic party in the House of Representatives, are
doing all they can for the purpose of effecting an
organization. I will not assist them further in
this work of deception; I will not assist them fur-
ther; and I state it now, in the presence of gentle-
men on the southern side of the House, that the x
determination must be reached sooner or later, to
resist this omnipresent humbug.
I trust that we will stand by the proposition
that has been made by the gentleman from Ohio,
and meet the fight squarely until a disposition
shall be manifested on the other side of the House
to take up the questions as they present them-
selves legitimately upon the Journal, and when
the plurality rule shall have been reached in the
proper way, to vote upon it. I do not care about
coming here day after day, and sitting for four or
five hours, for the purpose of listening to gentle-
men discussing national questions and defining
their positions upon the existence of this Union.
I care nothing about that. I can enjoy myself
while they are doing that, for I know they arc
doing good; I know they are tearing the scales
from the eyes of those who are acting with them
at the North, and that is what, of all things, I
most desire. I wish the northern Democracy to
know in whose hands they are, by what doctrines
they are to be bound, and to what heresies they
will hereafter be required to subscribe. I say,"I
can sit here pleasantly and listen to such a discus-
sion , because it is profitable; but when they ask me
to sit here and cast fruitless votes day afler day, I
shall refuse it, until I think a change has taken
place in the dispositions of this House. I will
absent myself before I will do it. I will not en-
gage in this ridiculous scene. I think the country
has been sufficiently amused by it, and that we
ought to be satisfied.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Clerk, I had not in-
tended to take any part in this debate, particularly
at this time, and especially upon these small points
of order. But, sir, the very extraordinary speech
which has been made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] loaves me no other
alternative than to respond to him. His inso-
lence is unbearable. He has assumed a sort of
censorship, not only over the Republican side of
the House, but also over the Democratic side of
the House, and particularly over the conduct of
Democrats from the free States. By what author-
ity has he done so? Is he one of us ? Is he one
of the Democratic members of this House ? I
know that he pretends to be, but that pretension
is unfounded in point of fact. Ho speaks of the
south side of the House, and, by implication, of the
north side of the House. Which side does the
gentleman belong to ? Probably, he would claim
to belong to both sides. He usually sits on this
side when he wishes to play into the hands of the
Republicans; but when he wishes to hurl his poi-
soned missiles ill open hostility at the Democratic
side he takes a more respectful distance—he goes
over to the north side of the House among his
backcrs and sympathizers.
