1860.
♦
THE
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1511
the way for those who are to come after them.
Their friends and relatives in other lands, hearing
of their success, are constantly pouring in upon
our shores. It has been our policy hitherto to as-
sist in every way this influx of emigration, and
the consequences are before us, in our present
prosperity and greatness. Shall we prove untrue
to our past? Shall we give*he lie to experience
and to philosophy? In one word, shall we retro-
grade? 1 sincerely hope that sueffmaynotbe our
decision. I trust faithfully that we may continue
to advance; that wo may understand the past to
be our best guide for the future; and that we may"
still encourage a constant emigration from the Old
"World to the new. But in this hope, we are met
and resisted by the present Administration. The
Secretary of the Interior, in his last annual report,
in speaking of the homestead measures, takes
occasion to say:
" Should, however, the new policy of a gratuitous dis-
tribution of the public lands be adopted, it is evident that
while an undue stimulus would be given fa emigration, land
bounty can no longer be held out as an inducement to fu-
ture mihtaiy eexviee." *
The Secretary of the Interior here expresses his
fears that an undue stimulus may be given to
foreign emigration. .Now that the nation has
grown strong and great, this high functionary
would coldly turn away from the descendants of
those who in our infancy contributed from their
blood and treasure to the establishment and main-
tenance of a free Government on this continent.
The Republic will deserve to be called " ungrate-
ful," in the worst sense of that despised woid,
when it can be brought to adopt such a suggestion.
The Secretary calls the homestead proposition
<{a new policy!" How is it new? Has it not
often been considered? Has it not known its
earnest and able advocates under this'Govern-
ment? And have not other Governments fre-
quently availed themselves of the advantages re-
sultingfrom free grants of land to actual settlors?
The " new policy," so recently discovered by the
honorable Secretary, has been an anciefit institu-
tion in many nations of the world. I will read an
Extract from a decree of theJRepublic of Colombia,
dated June, 1823:
"The Senate and House of Representatives of the lie-
public of Colombia, united in Congress, considering—
"1. That a population, numerous and proportionate to
the territory of a State, is the basis of its property and true
greatness;
"2. That the fertility of the soil, the salubrity of the
climate, the extensive unappropriated lands, and the free
institutions of the Republic, permit and require a numcr-
_oua emigration of useful and laboring strangers, who, by
improving tfieir own fortunes, may augment the revenues
ot the nation—have decreed:
"That foreigners emigrating to Colombia shall receive
gratuitous donations of land, in parcels of two hundred fan-
egas, [about four hundred acres,] to each family."
I find another, and amore remarkable instance,
occurring in a heathen country, and under a des-
potic rule. I will quote fiom a proclamation of
the King of Persia, made through his embassa-
dor, and dated London, July 8, 1823:
"Mirza Mahomed Saul, Embassador to England, in the
name and by the authority of Abbas Miiza, King of Persia,
gratuitous grants of land, good for the production of wheat,
bnrley, rice, cotton, and fiuit*, free from taxes and contri-
butions of any kind, and with the free enjoyment ot their
religion; the King's objcct being to improve his country."
Thus it would seem that our Secretary of the
Interior might have taken lessons in statesman-
ship from the young Republic of Colombia, and
that he would hardly have been equal to the
duties of a cabinet officer, even under a heathen
King of Persia. I can only regret that the hon-
orable Secretary, for the sake of his position, did
not look more closely into the history of his own
and other countries before venturing upon the as-
sertion that this was a " new policy."
Is it in consequence of executive opposition
that the authors of the Senate bill have been in-
duced to give it such a form, that it would oper-
ate unequally as to foreigners, and thus retard,
rather than encourage, emigration ? I hope that,
in this regard, the provisions of the House bill
may be adopted—that all those who are now resi-
dents, and those who may hereafter become such,
who are willing to abjure allegiance to their former
princes and declare their intention to become citi-
zens of the United States, may be permitted to
enjoy all the rights under our proposed grant
which are to be extended to the native-born citi-
zens of the United States.
But, sir, I have another and third objection to
the Senate bill, which to me is of more immediate
importance than any to which I have yet alluded;
and that is, that it applies only to lands subject
?to private entry. Under the present land laws,
^no lands are subject to private entry until after
they shall have been surveyed, brought into mar-
ket, advertised, and offered for sale at public auc-
tion. Then the capitalist is allowed to come in
and purchase whatever portions jnav suit his con-
venience. The expexience of the West goes to
show that settlements are in advance of the sur-
veys of the pu'blic lands.
The first settlements in a new State or Territo-
ry have usually been made some years before the
land has been offered for sale at public auction;
and when such sale takes place, tlie settlers are
either obliged to suffer their homes to be put up
atauction,andsold by the Government, or to pre-
empt, enter, and pay for the same at the Govern-
ment price, before the day of such sale. The
hardship and oppression of this stern rule were
vividly portrayed by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] when he was a member of
the House of Representatives. He then said:
" Look, sn.at this seem*; gaze on thatsunburnt patriot,
for he is woithy of your admiration. Now go with me one
step further, and behold tfee destruction of all the^e fairy
visions; bliditing seasons, low prices, disease, a bad trade,
or '.ome unforeseen dhaster has overtaken him. His year
ot honest industry is gone—the time has come when Gov-
ernment demand-? her pay for this poor man's home. He
is without money. Government, with a haid heart and in-
exorable will, turns coldly away, and the next week or the
next month she soil? her land, and this iri&n's labor, his
humble house and little fields, are gone. The speculator
comes, and with an hon will turns him and his family out
of doors ; and all this is the act of his own Government—
of a Government which has untold millions of acres ot land.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me ask you, can this man love a
Government that treats him thus? Never, sir, never. To
do so, he should be more than man, and scarcely less than
God. Treatment like this would have put out the tire of
patriotism in Washington's breast, and almost justified the
treachery of Arnold.5'—Speeches and Writings of Hon. Jl.G.
Brown, p. 196.
As the Senate bill now stands, the hardy and
energetic pioneers, be they native or foreign-born,
are entirely cut off from all advantages, because
these men. going in advance of your surveys, are
obliged under all such discouraging circumstances
to pay for their little homes at once, or have them
sold by the Government; while the weak, indolent,
and shiftless, who follow in the tram, of these fear-
less adventurers, are rewarded with a free home.
In my own State, where there are millions of
acres of unoccupied public lands subject to pre-
emption, there are no lands of any value which are
subject to private entry. The Senate bill, therefore,
would be entirely inoperative there; and when
the public sales should take place, all the most
valuable lands would be bought up by greedy
speculators; and the real objects contemplated by
the friends of this measure would be defeated
under the Senate bill.
I am free to say, that if this provision is to be
retained, the whole bill, so far as any practicable
benefits expected to arise from it are concerned,
might as well be rejected at once. Nothing val-
uable will be left, save mid except the mere rec-
ognition of the principle itself. We would estab-
lish a glittering show, containing nothing of real
merit.
Mr. President, the friends of the homestead
measure want a practical bill; they want an oper-
ative bill; they want, in plain words, an honest
bill, which will accomplish, m fact, the things
which it assumes to maintain in theory.
1 have, Mr. President, one last objection to the
Senate bill. It contains a clause limiting the ap-
plication of the bill to alternate sections of the pub- 1
lie Innds. I regard this provision as particularly i
objectionable, because it seems to me to be die- ;
tatcd by a desire on the part of the Government !
to make the energy and enterprise of the people j
a subject of speculation. This objection also ;
applies to the amendment of the Senator from j
Indiana. Besides this, it would place the settlers 1
who may select their new homes under the pro-
visions of the act, at a distance from each^other,
and, consequently, add much to the embarrass-
ments of new settlements on the frontier. 1 do
not approve of any system of Government spec-
ulation in the public land—most of all do I dis-
like the idea of so fashioning this bill; of so limit-
ing and restricting the application of this so-called
liberal measure, that the Government may be able
to gorge its Treasury from the sale of lands, the
marketvalue of which has been greatly enhanced
by reason of the settlements around them.
When we rcflect that the first settlers of a coun-
try are those who arc obliged to build the school* ,
houses and churches; to cut out and establish
roads, and construct bridges; in short, to start
and create everything that is essential and neces-
sary to the happiness of a civilized people, we can
readily understand how much m ore arduous these
labors become in consequence of the remoteness
of neighbors. Municipal and social exigencies
demand that settlements should be condensed as
much as possible. ~
If the public lancfs are to be thrown open at
| all, let the whole mass of them be thrown open
S to the operations of the homestead measure, as the
House bill provides.
Mr. President, the bill which has passed the
House, and which has been reported here in the
Senate, comes to us free from all these objections.
It seeks to carry out the true objects and purposes
of this* wise policy. It places before the people
this measure, full and broad in its application,
making no unjust distinctions as to persons; no
unwise and illiberal limitations as to the kind of
lands to be affected by its provisions. I would
much prefer its adoption; but if we cannot ac-
complish this result in fact, if the Senate is de-
termined to reject the House bilJ,I shall endeavor
to approach the same end through amendments
which I shall propose. If they should be rejected,
either in part or in the whole, I may feel inclined
to support the Senate bill as it is; and though far
from being content with its provisions, may be
disposed to vote for the simple recognition of a
principle. «
Mr. President, the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Johnson] has spoken of this question as
bekig above and beyond all party issues. I agree
with him in this. I believe the measure to be
higher, far higher, than party or partisan claims f
Itappeals directly to the greatheartof the nation.
It is the measure of the working, suffering class
of our people; those who arc struggling on from
day to day, from week to week, andfrom year to
year, vindicating the dignity of labor against the
oppressions and aggressions of capital. It will be
welcomed by those who are ever-patient, ever-
enduring, ever-vigorous, and ever-hopeful. Why
then should any gentleman attempt to narrow it
down to some imaginary rule of party platforms ?
Why should any vile spirit of sectionalism enter
into it to mar its beauty or destroy its usefulness?
Cannot the wisdom, thehumanity, and lofty states-
manship of all parties be combined in support of a
general principle, which history, experience, and
common sense proclaim to be just and proper?
The views of politicians should be modeled to
suit the interests of the people, not the interests
of the people to suit the views and wishes of fickle
and time-serving partisans. Too much of the
time of the national Legislature has, for the last
few years, been expended in lighting mimic bat-
tles over vague abstractions, while too little has
been employed in defense of acknowledged rights.
For my part, I sustain a homestead bill, because
I honestly and truly believe it to be justand wise,
and calculated to promote the happiness and pros-
perity of the great mass of our people. The
study of the true interests of the people should
be our only object. I feel it to be my duty, as a
Senator and legislator, to work in the cause of
a great national necessity; and I shall be most
happy to see all parties united in the enterprise.
But, if the gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber shall choose to regard this measure as
sectional and undemocratic; if they shall determ-
ine that they cannot reconcile it with their party
faith; if they, or any considerable number of them,
shall oppose it upon sectional or party grounds,
then they, and they alone, will have made the
issue; and then £ apprehend that those with whom
I have the honor to act politically will be ready
to meet it. Then, it will go upon the record—it
will be spread before the country, that the Demo-
cratic party resisted and defeated the liberal policy
of a homestead bill! While it will also, I trust, be
fixed upon the record of Congress that the Re-
publican party was neither ashamed nor afraid
of the measure of granting free homes to the act-
ual settlers upon the public lands. I repeat, I
do not desire to sec this made a party question;
and it rests entirelyjwith Democratic Senators to
produce this result, or not to produce it.
May we not hope that this policy may be per-
fected and adopted in a spirit of harmony and
