I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Territorial Policy—Mr. Green,
Senate.
with electricity, to allay the agitation of the pub-
lic mind, or give confidence to the people, than
would the bleatings of dumb animals. I belong
to that school of politics which believes that the
ends and purposes of government are more sacred
more jealously to be guarded than the mere form
and frame-work of government. We put the
end above the means—the objcct higher than the
instrumentality. When any government, there-
fore, no matter how admirable its form, no mat-
ter how perfect in theory, no matter how dearly
allied with the most gionous associations, when
that government fails to fulfill its great mission,
its true legitimate ends and purposes, no free and
intelligent people ought to submit, or will sub-
mit, long to its rule. Is not this a sentiment pecu-
liarly characteristic of our race ? W e all came, more
or less, from a common stock; we all imbibe our
ideas of liberty and constitutional government from
our English forefathers, or at least from the Eng-
lish settlers in this country, who impressed upon
us the stamp of theircharacterand genius. When-
ever, therefore, any sovereign State of this Union
deliberately determines that, in her solemn judg-
ment, this Government has failed to carry out the
great purposes for which it was instituted, she
has the inalienable right, in the sight of God and
man, to throw off the yoke of that Government—
to free herself from all connection with it; and in
so doing, she is responsible alone to the public
opinion of the nations of the earth, to her own
posterity, and to the impartial judgment which
history may pronounce.
Mr. Clerk, I was saying, at the time I made
this digression, that I thought this was eminently
a proper time to take the sense of the people of
this country upon the distracting issues which
divide them. If we cannot, therefore, succeed m
organizing this House, !et us at least elect a tem-
porary Speaker, for the purpose of making those
necessary appropriations, without which great
confusion must ensu<-\ and injury to honest con-
tractors, as well as to the people at large. Having
done that, and left the country, so far as its pecu-
niary position is concerned, with its honor and
credit unimpaired, let tis resign our scats as mem-
bers of this Congress, and appeal to our constitu-
ents on the great question of the day. I make
that proposition in perfect good faith. I ask, what
objections are to be urged to it? I grant you ob-
jections can instantly be urged if we look merely
to our own personal convenience, comfort, and
interest. No one would seek, I presume, a con-
tested election; no one would desire to subject the
country to the excitement and the necessary ex-
penses of a general election, unless there was really
some great end and object to be accomplished.
That is the question. Is this a great end and ob-
ject? and can that grent end and object be accom-
plished by the course I have suggested? if is—
it can. I believe that if, at this particular time,
we were all to resign and go home to our constit-
uents, and there truly represent to them the con-
dition of affairs, we would eithci immediately re-
assemble and forthwith organize, or it would be
demonstrated to the most incredulous "Umon-
savcr" that madness still ruled the hour at the
North, and that the great experiment of our fathers
had indeed proved a failure 1
Now is the time to test the question. The pub-
lic mind North and South is roused. The election
of the immediate Representatives of the people by
the people themselves, is a far truer test of public
opinion than the election of a President by the
"hocus pocus" of a packed convention ! You
incredulous gentlemen, who do not believe that
there " is any danger," who tciU not hear the
distant moaning of the tempest, who will not sec
the frees on the far mountain-tops struggling with
the coming gale—you gentlemen who would sneer
down the talk of disunion, and who speak so con-
fidently and so pleasantly about " hanging trai-
tors"—you may not suppose that there is such a
state of feeling in the country as to call for any
unusual course of action; but I believe that you
are few, I believe that the great majority of the
Constitution-loving, conservative people of the
Union, North and South, arc convinced that the
Confederacy is in more clanger than it has ever
been m since its formation. I believe that the
conservative portion of the people. North and
South, are sincerely desirous of composing this
great sectional strife, if it can be done on the per-
manent basis of justice and equality.
We at the South desire peace, security, tran-
quillity. We are weary of this incessant agita-
tion. You say that we are the agitators. The
old story of the wolf and the lamb ! Is it agita-
tion to demand that we be allowed to drink from
the constitutional stream of equal rights and equal
political privileges? Do we interfere, in any the
slightest degree, with your domestic affairs ? Do
we deliver lectures attacking any of your institu-
tions, customs, or usages, political or social? And
truly, we do not consider you invulnerable on all
these points! Do wc attempt to stir up heart-burn-
ings and strife among your people, or to set brother
against brother, class against class? Do we at-
tempt to array labor against capital ? Do we, in
times of want and pressure, when your mobs are
glaring with hungry eyes at the luxuries of the
rich, while a scanty crust, perhaps, is all that they
have to eke out a wretched existence; when, during
your bitter winters, thousands, (thrown out of em-
ployment by the fluctuations of trade and com-
merce acting upon your manufactories,) moody
and reckless, stand ready, at the bidding of any
demagogue, to commit acts of open violence, do
we, or any of our people, over attempt to spur
them on? Do we send emissaries, with artfully
written and inflammatory books, among them,
urging them " to rise up and assert their rights as
freemen entitled to the fruits of the labor of their
hands," entitled, at least, to a bare subsistence
from " the pampered aristocrats," for whom their
hireling, involuntary labor has reared palaces ?
Do we urge them not to submit to be " ground
under the iron heel" of capital, which uses them
as mere machines and " chattels;" which, with-
out pity and without remorse, builds up and ce-
ments its colossal fortunes with the swont of their
brows? No, sir! wc never interfere with the
North, nor with her system of labor. We have
always desired to live in amity and fraternal love
(but at the same time equality) with the people of
the North. I say it, without fear of contradiction,
here this day, for it stands recorded forever upon
the brightest pages of American history, that the
truest men to the principles of constitutional liberty,
(not " higher law " license,) for which our fathers
bled; the firmest supporters and truest expound-
ers of the constitutional compact, which guaran-
tied the equal rights of these sovereign States,
have been the great southern statesmen! Noth-
ing can rob us of that proud record! Yes, .sir,
the people of the South have boon truly a Consti-
tution-studying and a Constitution-loving people.
They have never desired anything which they did
not honestly and sincerely believe the Constitu-
tion gave them; which they did not think they
could logically demonstrate that the Constitution
gave them. Has that been the feeling at the North 5
On the contrary, is it not notorious that there is
throughout all the northern States a party—small
in some, large in otheis—who not only believe
that the labor system of the South—/Vbtoan sla-
very—on wiiM-*h her veiy existence, to say noth-
ing of her prosperity, depends, is " sinful," con-
trary to the natural rights of man," a " moral and
political evil," a " social ulcer," a^ itha«* become
fashionable to term it; hut who nve unwilling to
admit the binding obligations of the Constitution,
which guaranties this system to the South, and
who denounce the Constitution itself, as " a league
with hell and a covenant with the devil? "
But not content with trying to convince us of
this by argument'—in which wc have never hesi-
tated to engage—they now insist that it is their
duty to cure ourdiseasc, because wc are too blind,
brutish, and ignorant to do it ourselves. Yes,
sir, they actually invade our borders and endeavor
to apply " the knife" and " actual cautery,"fire
and sword, to what m their folly they consider "a
sore" in our body-politic! And reverend doc-
tors at the North, professors of Christian gentle-
ness, smile sadly at their failure, and say, " the
remedy ought to have been more skillfully and
thoroughly applied !" Can the southern people
endure this without degradation and ruin? Im-
possible. We only desire to be let alone: and
yet we are constantly told that we are oppressors
and agitators. " Shivery aggression that is the
key note of all the tirades that are uttered against
the South. But, sir, the South is not to be dis-
composed or diverted from her purpose by any
such invectives or any such misrepresentations.
She is, as I have said, perfectly willing to let the
impartial record of history speak for her in the
past—she is willing to make her own history in
the future.
Mr. Clerk, I repeat that, in my judgment, there
is no better course for us to pursue than now to
put on solemn record, in the most practical, the
most obvious, the most unmistakable manricr,
the real judgment of the people of the whole coun-
try upon the absorbing issue which has so long
rent and distracted it. If, therefore, we will appeal
to them and take their sense on the great ques-
tion now dividing us—the equality or inequality
of the South—1 believe that it will either tend to
allay agitation, to rebuke fanaticism, to compose
existing differences, by showing (what I must
confess I have little hope of) that there are con-
servative men enough at the North to give us soma
security for the future: to show that the mighty
tide of anti-slavery sentiment is at last beginning
to ebb—or, if it does not do that, then, sir, it will
put on solemn record the fact that at this great
crisis of our history, when the northern people
were urgently and gravely appealed to, to say
whether or not they would save this Union of
our forefathers by yielding to the South the rights
whicli those forefathers sacredly guarantied, they
deliberately decided that the Union was not worth
saving, and severed the bond which bound us
together!
Now, sir, whenever they make that deliberate
decision, the course of the South is plain. She
will hold up that decision before the world, and
take the judgment of the tribunal of nations upon
it. She will assume her independent position
among the Powers of the earth, and none " can
make her afraid." She will march on steadily
to the fulfillment of her high mission, desiring the
friendship of all—dreading the enmity of none.
If attacked, she will be ready to face the world
in arms; for Justice and Truth will be on her
side, and her trust will be in the God of battles,
who is likewise the God of justice and of truth!
TERRITORIAL POLICY.
SPEECH OF HON, JAMES S. GrREEN,
OF MISSOURI,
In tiie Senate, January 10 and 11, 1860.
The Senate having under consideiatum the resolution
ofFei oil by Mr. Puoii, relative to the expediency of amending
the 11 tail and New Mexico torritoiial organic acts, so as to
dispcn*e with the submission of the territoual laws to Con-
gress for approval—
Mr. GREEN said: ^
Mr. President: The resolution offered by the
Senator from Ohio does not of itself involve matter
requiring at this time a serious discussion. It
simply proposes to change one of the provisions
in the organic acts of two of our Territories; yet
1 may observe, m that very proposition he implies
the right, and, on proper occasions, he clearly
recognizes it to be the duty, of Congress to Exer-
cise a supervising care over the Territories. But
whilst the resolution itself is of little importance,
unless subsequently converted into a key for the
reopening of the question of the power of ihis
Government to control the possessions she has
acquired, the speech accompanying the resolution
was of a character to call for careful examina-
tion. it brings up the whole doctrine of what
has been generally called w popular sovereignty,"
especially when considered in connection with the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Harlan,] asking an inquiry into the pre
priety of electing all the territorial officers b>
the people of a Territory. The speech, and tlx
amendment added to the resolution, at once and
necessarily throw upon us the consideration of
that whole question. We are not permitted t"
close our eyes against the facts, as presented by
this three-fold array. It threatens to subvert the
whole practice of the Government. It threatens
a change of the whole relation between the Terri-
tories and the Federal Government. It threatens
to build up a power which is revolutionary in its
character and partial in its practical operation.
If there has ever been introduced a measure or a
proposition alarming in its character* and yet
