1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
utive business, and I hope we shall take up that
bill tliis> morning and dispose of it.
Mr. MASON. I will not press the motion if
the Senate is disinclined to act on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Virginia withdraw his motion ?
Mr. MASON. I withdraw it.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GWIN. I move now that the Senate pro-
ceed to consider the bill (H. R. No. 304) inviting
proposals for carrying the entire mail between the
Atlantic and Pacific States on one line.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator will allow
me to make a report.
Mr. GWIN. The moment we take up the bill,
I shall be willing to give way to morning business.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
give way ? •
Mr. GWIN. When the bill is taken up, I will.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to take up the bill in regard to
the overland mail.
Mr. GWIN. If the bill is taken up, I shall
give way for morning business.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand that it is
taken up yet.
Mr. WIGFALL. I wish to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. GWIN. Very well.
PEESONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WIGFALL. I hold in my hand a pamph-
let entitled "A speech of Hon. Kinsley S. Bing-
ham, of Michigan." It is published, it seems, by
the Republican congressional committee, price one
dollar per hundred. There is a statement in it
that I used the following language:
"Threaten t!]em, and they will crouch to you like ;-o
many hounds. Only swear that you are [;oing to di^olvu
the "Union, and tlie timid creatures will get down 011 all
fours, bite the dust, and kiss the rod raised to chastise
them."
That sentence is quoted as having been deliv-
ered by mo a few days ago. I assert that I never
used such language upon the floor of the Senate,
in the District of Columbia, in the State of Texas,
or within the limits of the United States, or any
other pQition of the habitable globe. The Sena-
ator from Michigan has chosen, in a pamphlet
speech, published, 1 suppose, as a campaign doc-
ument, to put language in my mouth that I never
used, and that I now pronounce utterly and wholly
false; and I aslc the Senator to state where his
authority is for attributing such language as that
to me. I have done.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President, I cut the
extract from a newspaper, and supposed it was
correctly reported. I did not take the pains to
examine the Globe to see whether the language
attributed to the Senator from Texas was cor-
rectly reported; but I had no idea but what it was;
for I thought 1 heard similar language from him.
If the Senator says he never used such language,
then I must say I owe him an apology, and express
my great regret for having misquoted him.
Mr. WIGFALL. " If the Senator says" 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Michigan yield to the Senator from Texas?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator says, " if the
Senator says he never used such language." This
language is put in a speecli and sent to the four
quarters of the country. The correction does not
go with it. I ask the Senator what newspaper he
cut it from ? I leave it to the Senate whether it
is fair for Senators to clip from newspaper reports
speeches made in their presence, and that are
reported in the Congressional Globe. I am not
in the habit of writing out speeches, nor correct-
ing the reports, nor interpolating, nor putting in
what I do not say, and keeping out what I do say.
Since 1 have been here, I have allowed what I
said to go without lefeience to its prudence or
imprudence. I ask the Senator what newspaper
he cut it from ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot state now.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then Senators will draw
their own conclusions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cut it from a newspaper
that attributed it to the Senator from Texas. 1
can only say to tlie Senator that it was inadvert-
ently quoted, without any intention to misrepre-
sent him.
A MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
A bill (No. 12) concerning invalid pensions,
and regulating the time of their commencement;
and ^
A bill (No. 132) to remove the United States
arsenal from the city of St. Louis, and to provide
for the sale of the lands on which the same is
located.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
tlie motion of the Senator from California to take
up the bill (H. R. No. 304) inviting proposals for
carrying the entire mail between the Atlantic and
Pacific States on one lino.
Mr. LANE. I desire to appeal to the Senator
from California to allow me this day, for I find I
can have this day. The chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Finanavis willing to give me this day
for the consideration of the Oregon and Washing-
ton war debt bill, and I hope the Senator will
ajjow me the privilege of having that bill consid-
ered. I am equally interested with him in the
bill which he proposes to call up, and am very
anxious to have action 011 it as soon as possible;
but I do notknow that I shall have it in my power
to get another day for the consideration of the
bill that I have named. It relates to the interests
of every man in Oregon; and it is due to them,
after the delay that has already taken place, that
they should know as soon as possible what is to
be done. I hope the Senate will allow me to-day.
This is, perhaps, the last opportunity.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state,-with the permis-
sion of the Senate, that I received a letter this
morningfrom Mr. Yuled, ehaiiman of the Com-
mittee 011 the Post Office caul Post Roads, saying
that he was sick 111 bed and could not leave, and
asking me to postpone the consideration of the
Post Office bill for one day. Under these circum-
stances I should not like to call it up, and it will
give me great pleasure to vote to take up for con-
sideration the bill of the Senator from Oregon, as
I displaced him on Monday with the appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to let the Senator
from Oregon have liis bill taken up now, if he
will agree that at one o'clock the overland mail
bill may be taken up, so that, we may go through
with it. That will give him an hour and a half.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I desire to
call the attention of the Senate for a moment, to
a matter personal to myself, and affecting one of
the officers of this body. There appears in the
newspaper of this morning, published by the Pub-
lic Printer of the Senate, The Constitution,'an
editorial article entitled "A Fact to be Remem-
bered," which states that—■
"It is a fact well worthy of notice, and full of instruction
to the Ameiican people, now oil the eve ol llgreat political
stumble. that, out of the si.\ty-six members of whom the
United Htntes Senate is composed, there were only two,
namely : Hannibal Hamlin, the lilaek Republican candi-
date 101 the Vicc Pie^idency, and Lyman Trumbull, of
Illinois, the representative of the ]!laek Republican candi-
date for the Presidency, who had the hardihood to vote
against the fifth of benator Davis's 1 evolutions.
-■ That resolution and tlie vote on it aic as follows;''
Then follows the fifth resolution:
" 5. Resolved, That if experience should at any time prove
that the judicial and executive authority do not possess
means to insure adequate protection to constitutional rights
in a Temtory, and if the tcrrituii.il government should fail
orieiaise to pioviile the neccssary lemcdics for that pur-
pose, it will lie the duty of Congress to supply such defi-
ciency, within the limits of its constitutional powers."
The editor then states:
'* To assert the ju t and honest principle that it is the duty
of the legislative branch of the Government to provide ad-
equale piotcction '' to constitutional lights 111 a Territory,'
'within the limits ot its constitutional powers,'was an act
winch tiie Black Republican candidates for the highest of-
fices 111 the gift of the people—the one directly, and the
othci by his immediate representative—dared notpciloim.-'
In a subsequent portion of the article, it is
stated:
" Tiiey therefore stand, at this moment, before tlie coun-
try as having asserted that it is not the duty ot Congress to
e\ercise the powers conferred on it by the Constitution for
the protection of the 1 ights which that instrument guaian-
ti.'s to all citizens ot the United States."
Now, sir, if the editor of that paper, the writer
of this article, had read the Globe, containing a
report of the proceedings at the time I gave this
vote, he would' have known that lie was stating
that which was untrue, when he said of me that
1 was in favor of denying protection to constitu-
tional rights in a Territory. I stated, upon that
occasion, directly the reverse. Here is the lan-
guage which I used. After referring to this fifth
resolution, I remarked: . >
"That contains an abstract proposition, which, by Itself,
it seems to me, no person could refuse to vote for. I am
certainly in favor of insuring adequate protection to all con-
stitutional rights in a Territory; biit thnt is not what the
mover of these resolutions means. He means, as I under-
stand it, to include within the term ' constitutional rights,'
claims which some of us do not recognize as constitutional
rights. Now, if the resolution would be worded, or was
worded, as I understand the author means to have it un-
derstood and declaied,1 that if experience should at any
time prove that the judicial and executive authority do not
possess means to insure adequate protection to constitu-
tional rights in a Territory, among which is the right to
take and hold slaves in a Territory ; and if the territorial
government should fail or refuse to provide the necessary
remedies for that purpose, it would be the duty ofCongress
to supply such deficiency,'then I should vote aglilnst it;
bccausc I deny that there is any such constitutional right.
The owner of a slave has 110 right, constitutional or other-
wise, to take him into a Territory and hold him as a slave.
Slavery being a mere creature of local law, existing only
by virtue of local or municipal law, the moment it passes
out of the jurisdiction where there is a law recognizing and
establishing it, it ceases to exist. Now, sir, as the resolu-
tion is flamed as it is, t see no other way but tosuggestan
amendment, and if it is adopted, so as to do away with the
inference that is drawn by connecting the fifth with the
preceding resolution, I should then have no difficulty in
voting for the fifth resolution. The amendment I propose
will come in after the word ' Territory,' in the third line, to
insei t the words,' but to take or hold a slave therein is not
a constitutional riichtso that the resolution will read:
Resolved, That if experience should at any time prove
that the judicial and executive authority do not possess
means to msuic adequate protection to constitutional rights
111 a Ten itory—but to take or hold a slave therein is not a
constitutional right—and if the territorial government should
fail or ictuse to provide the necessary remedies for that
putpo^e, it will be the ilutyof Congicss to supply such de-
ficiency within The, limits of its constitutional powers."
That amendment was voted upon, and rejected
by a vote of 17 in the affirmative and 31 in the
negative; showing distinctly that the reason why
I opposed the fifth resolution was because it im-
pliedly asserted a right to take and hold slaves in
a Territory; and that this is what the author in-
tended is manifest by reference to the debate of
the preceding day. The fourth resolution, it will
bo observed, is in these words:
"■1. Resolved, That neither Congress nor a Territorial
Legislature, whether by rinect legislation or legislation of
an indirect and unfiiendly character, possess power to an-
nul or impair the constitutional right of any citizen of the
United States to take his slave property into the common
Territories, and there hold and enjoy the same while the
terntorial condition remains."
This fourth resolution defines what ia meant by
constitutional rights; and the fifth resolution then
declares it to be the duty of Congress, in a certain
contingency, to protect constitutional rights; re-
furring to the fourth resolution, in which it is as-
serted to be a constitutional right to take and hold
slaves in a Territory. Now that I deny; and the
assumption of the Government organ that I denied
protection to all constitutional rights, in the lan-
guage in which it is asseited in this article, is not
true. So far from it, I affirmed directly the re-
verse. When the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collameu] called attention to this fifth resolution
on the day previous, lie stated that as a distinct
proposition by itself it was unobjectionable; but
that it was connected with the fourth resolution;
was one of a series; and that, as connccted with
the fourth, it was objectionable because it did
carry the implication that there was a constitu-
tional right to take and hold slaves in aTerritory.
After lie had stated that fact, and that the resolu-
tions were connected together, the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi, the author of the resolu-
tions, remarked:
" Mr. Davis. Allowme to say to the Senator from Ver-
mont that the meaning of the fifth resolution, as intended,
dors cover tho assertion of the fourth.
" Mr. Collaater. I take it &o.
" Mi. Davis, it covcrs, also, every constitutiunal right
other than tbat embraced in the fouitli resolution, but it
covers the one embiaccd in the fourth. Therefore, if he
denies the proposition of the fourth, he is clearly houuu to
vote against the fifth loulution. I &ay so.
" Mr. Coix.oier Undoubtedly. .
" Mr. Davis. And therefore it is fair to vote seriatim.
" Mr. Collamer. I take it, no gentleman of ordinary
candoi will find lault with the principle I have stated.
"Mr. Davis. Of course not."
What shall I say, sir, of the candor of the organ
of the Government, of the Public Printer of this
