2456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
body, who could go on and misstate my position
as he has in this editorial article, after this dis-
cussion here, after my distinct assertion that as
an abstract proposition the fifth resolution would
be right; after my saying distinctly that I was in
favor of protecting all constitutional rights in a
Territory; and that the only reason why I voted
against this was because it was connected with
the previous resolution, asserting that to be a con-
stitutional right which I denied ? Why, sir, I
have the admission of the Senator from Missis-
sippi himself that no man of candor could put
such a construction upon the vote which 1 gave.
Now, sir, I am not disposed to take up the time
of the Senate with this matter, nor am I disposed
to use harsh language towards the editor of the
Constitution. I think nothing is made'by denun-
ciatory language; I think nothing is made by mis-
representing the action of members of this body;
and I think it ill becomes one of its officers, in the
face of what occurred when these resolutions were
passed, to attempt to misrepresent my position, or
the position of any one else on this side, in this
regard. We said clearly, put it upon record at
the time, so that no one could fail to see it, that
the reason why we voted against the fifth resolu-
tion was not that we denied that all constitutional
rights were to be protected, but because we dif-
fered with the author of the resolution as to what
was the constitutional right m this case.
As to the portion of this article that represents
me as the representative of the candidate of the
Republican party for the Presidency, it may go
for what it is worth. I care nothing about that.
. I am no more his representative than is any other
Senator on the floor who agrees to the principles
of the Republican party. 1 should not have called
attention to the article at all but for its misrepre-
sentation of my position, by quoting part of what
was done and leaving out the rest. Let the editor
of the Constitution, if he wishes to deal fairly and
justly, quote the amendment I offered to explain
this resolution, the vote upon that, and what I
said upon the occasion, ana nothing further will
be necessary on my part.
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. LANE. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 11.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is already
a motion pending, by the Senator from California,
to take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. LANE. If the Senator from California will
only allow my bill to be taken up, I will consent
to lay it aside for a short time to accommodate
him.
Mr. POLK. I believe petitions are in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are not
in order while there is a motion pending to take
up a bilL The Senator from California moves to
take up the Pacific telegraph bill, as the Chair
understands.
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; the overland mail bill.
When it is taken up, I shall not be in the way of
laying it aside for a few minutes for morning busi-
ness,or I will yield it for a few minutes to accom-
modate the Senator from Oregon.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from California to take
up the bill (II. R. No. 304) inviting proposals for
carrying the entire mail between the Atlantic and
Pacific States on one line.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-five,
noes not counted.
Mr. GWIN. Now I have no objection, as I
said, to receiving petitions and reports without
displacing the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will receive petitions and
reports.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented an additional paper in
support of the claim of Adelaide Adams, widow
ofCommandcrGeorgeAdams,ofthe United States
Navy, to a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of the president
and secretary of the Dubuque and Pacific Rail-
road Company, praying that the company may
not be divested of its title to certain lands; which
was refened to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr, POLK presented the petition of George P.
Doan, administrator of William A. Linn, late
collector of the customs at St. Louis, Missouri,
praying payment of the claim of Thomas C. Rey-
nolds, late United States attorney,'to compensa-
tion for defending suits brought against said Linn
for acts done in his official capacity; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That the bill (H. It. No. 272) granting a pension
to Adelaide Adams, widow of Commander George Adams,
United States Navy, reported adversely from the Commit-
tee on Pensions on the 7tli of May, be recommitted to the
Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
"Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. II. No. 231) for
the relief of Isaac S. Smith, of Syracuse, New
York, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Virginia Rose, for herself and the other
heirs of Capt. Alexander Rose, of the revolution-
ary war, praying to be allowed commutation pay,
submitted a report, accompanicd by a bill (S. No.
476) for the relief of the heirs of Captain Alex-
ander Rose. The bill was read, and passed to*?i
second reading; and the report was ordered t.o be
printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred papers relating to
the claim of John B. Rittenhouse, a purser in the
United States Navy, for losses sustained by him
while purser of the United States steamship Sus-
quehanna, during the prevalence of the yellow
fever on board thn.tship, and the bill (S. No. 251)
for the relief of John B. Rittenhouse, reported the
bill without amendment, and submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to beprinted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of A. C. Rhind, a lieu-
tenant in the Navy, who was dropped by the
action of the late naval board, and since restored
to active service, praying to be placed on the same
footing as other officers restored to active service,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Lieutenant T. H.
Patterson, of the Navy, praying to be allowed the
pay due him for service as an officer of the astro-
nomical expedition to Chili, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers in relation to the claim
of William L. Hudson, a captain in the Navy,
praying remuneration for ccrtain expenditures
made by him while in command of the United
States steamship Niagara and engaged in laying
the Atlantic cable, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Sample, pray-
ing that the apparatus invented by lum to protect
"tiller ropes" from fire maybe tested, with a
view of its adoption in the public service, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Georgia, in favor of the appointment
of a commission for the purpose of obtaining in-
formation relative to the southern pine timber
region of the United States, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition ofEunice Church, form-
erly widow of Joshua Lambert, a seaman in the
naval service, who died of wounds received in
battle, praying for a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it bo referred to the Committee on Pensions;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the select committee on
the subject of banks in the District of Columbia,
to whom was referred a petition of citizens of
Washington and Georgetown, praying that the
bill now pending m the Senate to prohibit the
issue of bank notes by corporations, associations,
or individuals, within the District of Columbia,
and further to prevent the circulation of bank
notes issued by any incorporated company or
association of individuals located beyond the
limits of the District of Columbia, of a less de-
nomination than twenty dollars, may not beeome
a law, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
ACQUISITION 01? CUBA.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
7) making appropriations to facilitate the acqui-
sition of the island of Cuba, by negotiation, have
instructed me to report it back with a recommen-
dation that it do pass, and we adopt and confirm
the report that was made at the last session. For
various reasons, I feel perfectly satisfied that no
definite action can be had on the bill at this ses-
sion of Congress, and therefore I have not at-
tempted to push it. I shall, however, bring it
before the Senate at the next session.
LIMITATION OF DEBATE.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That no member of the Senate shall speak, af-
ter the passage of this resolution, more than fifteen minutes
on any measure^ nor more than twice upon the same sub-
ject, during the residue of this session of Congress.
Several Senators objected-to the resolution;
and therefore it lies over.
PUBLIC FEINTING INVESTIGATION.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am instructed by the select
committee appointed on the 24th of January to
make an examination into certain alleged bargains
in relation to the election of Public Printer, and
generally into the system of public printing and
its abuses, to mako a report. I wish to ask in
advance, if it be proper to do so, the opinion of
the Chair on a point of order. The report which
I present was adopted by a majority of the com-
mittee. The minority, composed of the chairman
himself, [Mr. King,] and one other member, had
an opportunity of expressing the minority view
by a written report, and in fact, I presume I may
say without any violation of courtesy, such a re-
port has been written; but I undeistand it is not
to be presented to accompany the report of the
majority and be printed with it, but it is to be sub-
mitted in the form of an address to the Senate, a
speech to go before the country, and to be widely
disseminated, before the report can be printed.
Now, I ask whether, after the majority report shall
have been submitted to the Senate, and ordered
to be printed, it will be in order for the Senator
from New York, the chairman of the committee,
who has an opportunity to present his views in
writing on this subject, and to publish them si-
multaneously with the majority leport, to go on
and debate the question, unless some day be fixed
for the consideration of the resolutions which are
reported ? I do not wish to be anticipated by the
remarks made by the Senator from New York.
If, however, it be the opinion of the Senate that
he can pursue this course, I shall ask permission
to read the report of the committee now. I sub-
mit the matter to the Chair. I do not know
whether it is exactly correct to submit a question
of order in anticipation of a fact that may not oc-
cur, but which I believe will occur.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not distinctly comprehend the question submitted
by the Senator.
Mr. SLIDELL. The question is this: I pre-
sent a report from the majority of the committee,
accompanied by certain resolutions. Will it be
in order to discuss them unless these resolutions
come up in their turn, or be made the special or-
der for a particular day? Can the Senator from
New York discuss them on the presentation of
this report, before they are called up for consider-
ation? That is the question I desire to ask.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the condition of the business before the Sen-
ate. These reports of committees have been re-
ceived by common consent. There is a bill now
before the Senate, but no objection being made,
the Chair has allowed these reports to come in
from committees. If the Senator from Louisiana
submits his report, and the Senator from New
York submits the views of the minority in writ-
ing, the Chair knows of no rule that will prevent
him from making any remarks he desires until
twelve o'clock, when the special order comes up.
Mr. SLIDELI*. I have not made myself cor-
rcctly understood by the Chair. The Senator from
New York does not propose to submit his views
