492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Sir, the gentleman is not a Democrat. He is a
recreant from that party; he is a traitor to the Dem-
ocratic party. [Applause from the Democratic
side of the House, and the galleries.] We repu-
diate him; we disown him. It has been the habit
of that gentleman ever since the meeting of this
Congress to indulge in injurious imputations, not
only against individuals, but against collections of
individuals—against whole-sections on this side
of the House. By what right does he do so? Is
it given to him to fathom the motives of men, and
to condemn them upon his judgment of those mo-
tives? He assumes the authority to do so, but
his authority is a usurpation. He calls the con-
duct of members on this side of the House in ques-
tion bccause they have not seen fit to vote for the
plurality rule. Arc we bound to vote for jt be-
cause he may have proposed it? Are we bound
i to vote for it because it may be acceptable to the
other side of the House? Are we to yield all of
our objections to it in order to enable gentlemen
to elect u. Republican Speaker? Are we thus to
become instrumental in the election of a bitter op-
ponent of the Democratic party? Arc we thus to
become responsible for so great a transgression,
so deplorable a public calamity? We have not
come here, sir, for any such purpose, or to assume
any such odious responsibility. We have resisted
the adoption of that rule, not factiously, but by
constitutional and parliamentary means. We are
opposed, inflexibly opposed, to the adoption of
any rule for the settlement of this question that
recognizes the right of a minority to electa Speaker.
We stand upon a higher and firmer ground. We
stand upon the mnjority principle, which is the
active and controlling power of free, popular gov-
ernments. This is the rock upon which we stand,
and upon which we will fall, if need be.
Sir, the gentleman says that the northern De-
mocracy are controlled by their southern friends on
this side of the House; in other and plainer words,
that they ore their liegemen, bound to do their
bidding. The imputation is false,' [" Good !''
"Good1" from several Membrhs;] and it could
only have emanated from a man who feels that lie
is controlled by others, and from a man who is
the slave and instrument of others. [Applause
from the Democratic benches, and in the galle-
ries.] 1 repeat, as a northern man, I repudiate the
imputation.
The gentleman \s discrimination between north-
ern Democrats aml southern Deiuorrnis is equally
olfensiveandunfoundcd. Whether from the North
or tile South, we an: equal members of the same
common party; standing upon the same plntform
of principles, and devoting our energies and efforts
to the same common purposes—the conservation
of the integrity of the Constitution, and the wel-
fare and happiness of the people.
And what, sir, has been the history of the gen-
tleman ? He has boxed every point of the polit-
ical compass. As a weathercock, he has yielded
to every political breeze that has passed over the
land. Professing originally to be a national Re-
publican, or a Win#, (lid hu not denounce General
Jackson because of his opposition to a wasteful
scheme of internal improvements, which, if car-
lied into effect, would have bankrupted the coun-
try ?
Mr. HICKMAN. If the gentleman will per-
mit me to correct Ins facts 
Mr. MeCI,E 11N"AND. Not a word, sir.
Mi. WRIGHT. Not a word from that gen-
tleman here.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Did lie not denounce
General Jackson, because of the resistance offered
by him. to the corruptions and the encroachments
of the money power? At a later time, professing
to be a friend ofthe American system, at least, in
reference to protective duties, did he not denounce
Mr. Clay as a traitor to the Democratic partv;as
a corrupt trickster in politics; as a reprobate m
morals5 Professing, now, to be opposed to sla-
very, did he not denounce Governor Ritner, of
Pen nsylvama,upon the charge that he was opposed
to slavery, or the slave institutions of the South,
and was drifting towards Abolitionism? Pro-
fessing, now, to be an anti-Lccompton Democrat,
has he not abandoned the association of all Dem-
ocrats and Democratic organizations to become a
follower of Seward, and a supple instrument in
the hands ofthe Republican party? in turn,lias
lie not betrayed all parties and all principles'
And yct,4o-dov5 lie assumes to be an exemplar
in politics and partizanship—to be a censor over
the Democratic members in this House. Such
insolence is unparalleled.
He complains of the delay of the House to act
on his proposition to elect a Speaker by a plural-
ity vote. But, sir, it is not so much the delay
which has taken place here that the gentleman
objects to, as it is the failure of his purpose to
elect a Republican Speaker. If we have been
tardy, the gentleman has been in a hurry. It was
only some four or five days after this session had
commenced, that the gentleman introduced his
proposition to elect by a plurality vote. At the
same time Mr. Sherman had received the highest
vote for Speaker; and before that time, if I mis-
take not, the gentleman had voted for Mr. Sher-
man. Was it not, therefore, the object of this
plurality rule to elect Mr. Sherman? Was it not
the object ofthe gentleman from Pennsylvania to
elect him? And was not that his distinct objcct
while he yet professed to be a Democrat; and sat
upon this side of the House? Did not every man
here at that time know what was his objcct ? That
it was to betray the Democracy into the hands of
the Republicans, and thereby elect Mr. Sher-
man, or, in default Of that, to secure his own
election?
(Jpon that point, sir, let me address to the
House one or two considerations. I have voted
persistently against Mr. Sherman from the com-
mencement of the session. I have done so be-
cause I condemn the dogmas professed by him
as a Republican, and because I am opposed to the
agitation which has been provoked by the Re-
publican party, and which at this time, I regret
to say, is threatening the stability of our free in-
stitutions. I have voted against him because he
is an indorser of the Helper book, and because
he has not had the manliness to avow or disavow
the sentiments of that book. I have voted against
him for all these reasons; yet, sir, he is far less
objectionable, in my estimation, than the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania. [Clapping of hands on
the Democratic benches, and applause and hisses
in the galleries.] He never can get my vote.
The CLERK. The Clerk would respectfully
call upon the members of the House to refrain
from manifestations of applause, [('lies from the
Republican benches, •* There lms been none on
this side."'] You have, by your own solemn res-
olution, unanimously called upon the Clerk to
preserve the order and decorum of the House.
The Cleik has no pow er to act, so far as members
themselves are concerned, except in the way of a
request. These manifestations aie caught up in
the galleries, and all know the effect upon, not
only the members, but all who witness them. The
Clerk, therefore,appeals to the House to preserve
its own order and decorum and refrain from fur-
ther manifestations of applause.
Mr. BRANCH and sever.} 1 Members on the
Democratic, benches. That is right!
Mr. McCLERNAND. J say, sir, that Mr.
Sherman is far le*s objectionable to me than is
the member from Pennsylvania, because in Mr.
Sherman 1 find an open and candid man so far as
his political principles are concerned. He avows
himself to be a Republican. Pie stands with that
organization, he acts for it* he represents it, and
when lie meets us he meets us as an open antag-
onist. Not so with tin- gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. Professing to be a Democrat, he is con-
sorting with the 'Republicans all the time and
contriving with them how they shall more effect-
ually and certainly overthrow us. It is for those
reasons, among others, that the member from
Pennsylvania would be the last man 1 would ac-
cept as Speaker.
The gentleman says that in resisting his plurality
rule, we from the North are violating our duty to
our constituents. That is the substance of his
charge in this connection. But how does he
know that we are thus recreant to our public duty?
Who toldJumso? His Republican associates?
They arc no better authority than he is. But,
sir, l cannot condescend to defend myself against
such a charge. 1 know my duty to my constit-
uents and will perform it. I am accountable to
them and not to him; nor will I allow him to
thrust himself between them and me. This he
shall not do. On the contrary, let the gentleman
take care of his own responsibility to his own
constituents. That will be enough tor him. We
ask not the gentleman's counsel; nor wili we re-
ceive it, because we are satisfied that his heart is
alien, is hostile to us. We are assured that he
sympathizes with the Republicans, and that he is
playing a game for flieir benefit.
Mr. LARRABEE. Whoever votes for Sher-
man cannot be a Democrat.
Mr. MeCLERNAND, My friend from Wis-
consin says that whoever votes for Mr. Sherman
cannot be a Democrat. I say so, too. Nor, sir,
can any man be a Democrat who will vote, either
directly or indirectly, to secure Mr. Sherman's
election.
In conclusion, sir, I beg to repeat, that we are
opposed to the plurality rule; some of us on con-
stitutional grounds, others on the ground of ex- .
pediency; because, sir, its operation, probably,
would be to elect Mr. Sherman, a result that we
would avoid by all fair parliamentary means.
And are we to be denounced to our constituents
for this, because we demur to the scheme of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to elect a minority
Speaker? We scorn, sir,both histhieats and his
malice.
; I have already said more than I intended to say
I when I arose; but it did not become me to sit quiet
after the remarks made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. PRYOR. Being one of that number, sir,
to whom the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
j Hickman] adverted, as resolved to employ all
j legitimate means to defeat the adoption of the plu-
' raluy rule, I feel called upon to give some very
I brief, and, I Hatter myself, very satisfactoiy rea-
| sons, why I am determined to adopt and pursue
| that course. The honorable member from Penn-
| sylvania, with a disingenuousness which I confess
; amazed me, even from him, undertook to say that
| those of us who were resisting the adoption oftho
| plurality rule were a miserable, minority, contend-
I mg against the legitimate rule of the majority,
j Sir, he asserts that which the records distinctly
I contradict, and which every intelligent gentleman
| upon this floor knows to be fals^.
j Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a point of order.
| Mr. PRYOR. I beg my colleague's pardon,
i Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a point of order. It
: is always ungracious, though with less icluctanee
; where one of my colleagues is concerned; though
i I have seen occasion once or twice to submit a
point of order to the House for the purpose of
i preventing results which recent events admonish
i; us as being very likely to occur. I submit, then,
j to my colleague, thatitis within his constitutional
right, as it is certainly within his intellectual
power, to be as severe as the nature of the case
may demand without being unparliamentary. I
call him to order for the expression he has used.
Mr. PRYOR. I do notknow what the resources
of niv voeabulaiy are, but 1 am satisfied I know
no language but the English, and that is the plain-
est vernacular, and, therefore, notwithstanding
the point of order my colleague has raised on me,
I repeat that the statement of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is false.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I raise the point of
order, and demand a vote of the House upon it.
Mr. KEITT. Then I shall discuss it.
Mr. PRYOR. And so I shall go on and dis-
cuss it and prove thati used the justifiable par-
liamentary word. I believe I have the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
will pardon the Clerk for stating that when the
point of order 
Mr. PRYOR. Allow me one word. I have
said what I have said, and do not intend to re-
peat it. I said it twice, and am going on, if you
will allow me to go on.
Mr. MILLSON. I supposed my colleague
would appreciate readily my motive.
Mr. PRYOR. I do appreciate the motive of
my honorable colleague, and propose to quit that
branch of the few remarks I intend to submit.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
has undertaken to represent the minority, as he
calls us, upon this floor, and especially that branch,
the gallant members of the minority, the Democ-
racy of the North cooperating with us, in the atti-
tude of a factious, contumacious, and illegitimate
resistance to the regular and warrantable rule of
the majority. I say that he has mistaken the fact,
and has misstated our position. We, sir, are the ma-
jority; he is the minority, undertaking to compass
his objects through means illegitimate, unusual,
unparliamentary, and, m my judgment, unconsti-
