1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
good will? May we not chcrish the fond expect-
ation thfit no disturbing sectional ideas shall be
allowed to corrupt the infancy ofso pure a measure?
It should be cradled in the lap of peace; it should
receive its nurture and support from the kindly
feelings of all sections of the country, because it
is forthe common benefit of the whole country.
Standing upon his own soil, the settler rises to
the full dignity'of manhood. He is independent
from the hour in'which he becomes the owner of
a free farm—independent everything, exccpt
his country and his God. Open up your domain
to him; give him a home out of the vast abund-
ance of your lands, and you will have found the
surest method for the perpetuation of your Gov-
ernment. You will have sanctified his patriotism.
He can never prove untrue to the Constitution
and to the laws, while he, his wife, and his children
are enjoying the blessings of a free home, under
the protection of that Constitution and those laws.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I have felt it in-
cumbent on me, as one of the Committee on Public
Lands, to speak atan early stago of the discussion,
because not only Senators, like the Senator from
Minnesota, who has just addressed the Senate,
but others who have opposed the bill, do not seem
to understand the principles on which the major-
ity of the committee acted; but 1 did not expect
to proceed with the discussion to-day. I should
like to have an opportunity of addressing the Sen-
ate to-morrow at one o'clock. Before that, I wish
to offer an amendment to the committee's propo-
sition.
* Mr. CLINGMAN. I want to offer one to the
original proposition—merely to renew my amend-
ment, and not to speak on it to-day.
Mr. PCJGH. The Senator will be in order. I
merely propose to perfect the amendment reported
by the committee to the original bill. The amend-
ment is to correct a difficulty which I suggested
before. It is, m the sixth section of the Senate
amendment,line two,after the word " resident,"
to insert "or who may hereafter become a lesi-
dent;" and in the same line to strike out the word
"and, "at the end of the lino, and to substitute the
word " but;" and in line one to insert "white"
between " any" and " person," so us to make the
scction read:
Sfec. 6. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That if any white per-
son, now a resident, or who may hereafter become a resi-
dent, of any one ot the States or Territories, but not a citi-
xen of the United State* ; hut who, at the Umu of making
such application for the benefit of this ium, shall have filed
a declaration of intention, as required hy the naturalization
laws of the United State?, and shall become n citizen of the
same before the issuance of the patent as provided for in
this act, Much person shall he placed upon an equal looting
with the native-born citizeius of the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire whether that amend-
ment is now in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Rice in
the chair.) The amendment is not in order, as
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Fitcii] is now pending. The Chair presumed it
was read merely for information.
Mr. PUGI I. 1 will explain to the Senator from
Iowa that the pending motion of the committee is
to strike out the entire House bill, and insert a
substitute. Pending the decision of that, under
our practice—which I do not think is a very good
practice, but it is our practice—it is in ordy to
amend either the matter proposed to be stricken
out or the matter proposed to be inserted. Now
the Senator from Indiana proposes to amend the
part that is to bo stricken out. 1 piopuse to amend
the part that is to be inserted. Therefore I do
not interfere with his amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 understood the Senator who
was occupying the chair at the time the bill was
taken up, to say that he would receive amend-
ments pertaining to the House bill; and after that
bill was supposed to be perfected, he would then
receive amendments to the Senate bill.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Vermont is
not now in the chair, but it has been the constant
practicc of the Senate. I caie nothing about the
order in wlucli the question is put, however.
Mr. HARLAN. My reason for making the
inquiry is, that I desire to offer two or three
amendments to the first section of the bill, and I
do not wish to have the first and second sections
of the bill passed over until those amendments are
proposed, if it is now in order to amend the Sen-
ate bill, or the matter proposed to be substituted
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that, in accordance with a decision ofaformer
occupant, the amendment of {he Senator from
Ohio is not in order. <
Mr. PUGH. Then I give notice that I shall
offer it at the proper time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Would not an amend-
ment to strike out a part of the first section, to
which the amendment of the Senator from Indi-
ana is offered as a proviso, be in order? If so,
1 desire to strike out after the word "entitled,"
in the eighth line   *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that there can be but one amendment before
the Senate at the same time. The one offered hy
the Senator from Indiana has precedence.
Mr. FITCH. I merely wish to allude to the
fact, that the Senator from Minnesota based the
most of his opposition to my amendment, I be-
lieve, on the ground that the reservations pro-
vided for in the amendment would prevent the
donation, by this bill, of any land within Minne-
sota; because the land there, although now sub-
ject to preemption, is not subject to private sale.
In answer to that, I will simply say—what I pre-
sume that Senator and his colleague will bear me
out in saying—that most of Minnesota is settled
by precmptors. The House bill, or any other
bill which proposes to donate land without re-
stricting it to lands now in the market, would be
an act of gross injustice to those prcemptors.
They have^made their selections; they are im-
proving the value of their own and the land imme-
diately contiguous, belonging to the United States;
and after they have thus improved it, the bill pro-
poses to donate to any one who settles on land
fcrside them, the land which their money and
their labor has rendered valuable. You compel
the one to pay; to the other you say, " take for
naught; we give it to you free." Is this justice ?
Is it justice to the preemptoi ?
Mi'. WADE. 1 think the Senator is mistaken
in that, as the House bill provides that those who
have already preempted land may have the ben-
efit of the bill.
Mr. PUGH. My colleague will recollect it
provides that those who have not yet paid shall
be included; but it does not provide that those
who have paid shall have their money back.
Mr. WADE. That is true. That is another
thing. We must begin somewhere. I hopelhe
amendment will not be adopted. I think it is ob-
jectionable for the reason the Senator from Min-
nesota has stated. First of all, it confines it, as
he has said, to land subject to private entry, and
there is very little of that which is of any value
at this time. I know very well that, nominally,
there are some two hundred million acres in this
condition; but in truth and in fact, it is the mere
refuse and cuttings of the land, and very little of
it is valuable. Then as to the restriction to alter-
nate sections, that is certainly subject to the ob-
servations made by the Senator from Minnesota.
As he says, it is unjust and impolitic to undertake
to speculate out of the improvements that the set-
tlers make. I hope the friends of the bill will re-
ject this amendment. 1 do not wish to argue it.
Mr. PUGH. My colleague is greatly mistaken.
Sixty million acres, according to the report of the
Secretary of the Interior, have been brought into
markej within twelve months, of the whole quan-
tity that is now offered for sale. The idea that all
the land now subject to private entry is refuse
land, is all a pretense. Fifty-nine million acres
and a fraction, within the last twelve months, and
sixty million within the year before, according to
the report of the Land Office, were brought into
market. The surveys are going forward every
year. Of course, it takes some time, even after
the survey, to perfect all the orders of the Depart-
ment; but vast quantities are coming in every
year; and when once the lands are offered at pub-
lic sale and not purchased, they immediately be-
come liable to private entry. It is a mistake to
assert Lhat this is refuse laud. However, if no
Senator wishes to speak at large on the bill now,
and as the remarks I propose to make will bear
somewhat on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, I propose, before we take a vote ®n it,
that the matter may be adjourned until to-morrow
at one o'clock, and made the special order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn. That leaves it the unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 3, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
SUBLETTE CUT-OFF MASSACRE.
Mr. SCOTT. Yesterday, during my absence,
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Reagan] made
a minority report in reference to the Sublette Cut-
Off massacre. I now ask the consent of the House
to present the report of the majority of the com-
mittee on that subject.
No objection being made, the report was re-
ceived.
KENTUCKY RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Kentucky, in favor of granting pensions to all the
soldiers engaged in the war of 1812; and in favor
of granting to the heirs of volunteers who served
in the war of 1812 bounty lands, in like manner
and under the same circumstances as the heirs of
those who served in Mexico are new entitled to
receive warrants; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BURNETT also, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Kentucky, in favor of the removal of the duty on
tobacco in foreign nations; which were referred
to the special committee on that subject.
Mr. BURNETT also, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Kentucky, asking an appropriation by Congress
for the enlargement and completion of the Louis-
ville and Portland canal; which were referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BURNETT also, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Kentucky, urging upon the treaty-making power
of the Government of the United States the neces-
sity of so amending the tenth section of our treaty
with Great Britain in regard to fugitives from jus-
tice, which was ratified in London, on the 13th cyf
October, 1842, by the British minister and Amer-
ican envoy respectively, as to include in its pro-
visions fugitives from service or labor, so held
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States or of either of the States; which were laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
ART COMMISSION.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask the consent of the House
to report a bill which I neglected to report yester-
day, to define the duties and fix the salaries of the
United States Art Commission. It is a matter
upon which some legislation must be had; and 1
merely wish to have the bill printed,so that mem-
bers may examine it, with a view of calling it up
at some'future time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. TRAIN. 1 hope tho gentleman will with-
draw his call for a minute. I merely desire to
have the bill printed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object to that bill.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
The SPEAKER stated the regular business in
order before the House to be the bill reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary for the sup-
pression of polygamy, and that on that bill the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mc.Clervwd] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. COOPER. Before we go to that business,
I ask leave to introduce a joint resolution for the
compensation of R. R. Richards, in order that it
may be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Objection was made.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Speaker, the ques-
tion before us involves two inquiries: first, wheth-
er Congress possesses power under the Constitu-
tion to pass the bill under consideration, and, if
so, whether any practical good would result from
passing it? If my able and astute friend from
Louisiana [Mr. Taylor] is right in his negation
of4this power, then the question is atan end,and
the committee's bill should be at once rejected.
On the other hand, if my distinguished friend from
Virginia [Mr. Mili.sojj] and his eloquent col-
league [Mr. Pryor] are right m their affirmance
of the power, still the question already stated
