1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in writing, and have them printed. He has told
me very frankly and courteously in advance
that he intends to make a speech on the subject,
representing the views of the minority of the
committee. I wish to economize the time of the
Senate by anticipating this possible objection;
because, if the Chair does not sustain the view
that I entertain of the subject, I shall be obliged
to read the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot
undertake to say that, after the Senator has made
his report, the Senator from fficw York will not
be at liberty to make such remarks as he sees
proper.
Mr. SL1DELL. Then I ask leave to read the
report.
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the regular order of
business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular order
<■• of busftiess is the overland mail bill.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will not
object to the reception of this report.
Mr. LATHAM. I have no objection to the
reception of any report that will not consume
time; but I object to reading a long report, or to
allowing a speech to be made that is to displace
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
before the Senate is (he overland mail bill. ■
Mr. SLIDELL. But I have a right to present
my report and move for its printing.
Mr. KING. If this report is to be printed in
this way, while I desire it to be made, I do not
want it to be made in such a peculiar form as will
cut me off from speaking to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not in order
for the Senator from Louisiana to present the re-
port and ask for its printing, unless by general
consent, without postponing the bill before the
Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 understood that I had gen-
eral consent to make the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that it is not in order, with-
out unanimous consent.
Mr. LATHAM. I have no objection to the
reception of the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent, the Senator from Louisiana can present the
report.
Mr. KING. Then I shall ask the floor to make
a few remarks in lelation to this matter. If gen-
tlemen allow the report to be made, they ought
not to cut off a reply. I have not been disposed
to interrupt the Senator from Louisiana. It was
found, upon a comparison of views in relation to
the testimony in this ease, that a majority of the
committee, of whom the Senator fiom Louisiana
is the organ, three of the committee, took one view
of the subject, and two took another view. There
were various propositions in relation to what this
report should be. I proposed two or three res-
olutions, and we individually expressed our opin-
ions. We had a frank conference, so that all of
us are entirely informed what the views and pur-
poses of each other are. The manner in winch
we conducted the business has been on terms en-
tirely courteous to one another, and there has
been nothing withheld from either side as to the
purposes of the other. It was a matter very much
of indifference to me whether I submitted a written
minority report or not, but this was the view I
took: I told the Senator from Louisiana that when
lie made the report, I would state to the Senate
my views on the subject; and I desire an oppor-
tunity to do that when the report is made, and I
shall be very happy to hear it read. If the gen-
tleinenon the other side are willing, therefore, that
this business shall be done, it is not forme to ob-
ject; but if they aie not disposed to let it all go
through, they certainly ought not to have a part
. The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the report will be received.
Mr. HALE and others. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the overland mail bill is before the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask unanimous consentto 
Mr. LATHAM. I must object. I insist on
the regular order of business.
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAIL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the bill (H.
R. No. 304) inviting proposals for carrying the
entire mail between the Atlantic and Pacific States
on one line, is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole; and the question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale.]
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will withdraw his substitute, in order
that my colleague may perfect the proposition of
the committee. If he will withdraw it, my col-
league will propose his amendments to the vari-
ous sections.
Mr. HALE. This is an exceedingly import-
ant subject, and we have been striving for more
than two months to get the Senate to attend to it;
but they have had so much more important busi-
ness than the transportation of the mails to the
Pacific coast, that they have not been able to at-
tend to so trifling a matter as this. I want to
state, so that we may have no misunderstanding
about it, liow the matter stands, and what I am
willing to do; for I am willing to do almost any-
thing to accommodate gentlemen who wish to
present their views to the Senate. As the matter
now stands before the Senate,it is impracticable,
under our rules, to perfect the system which 1
offered in detail, it being an amendment to an
amendment.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I call up the or-
der of the day, which is the Kansas bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. One o'clock is the
hour fixed for that.
Mr. WADE. Very well. I shall wait until
then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the hour of
twelve having arrived, the Chair must call up the
special order, which is the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. tlALE. What is that?
Several Senator's. The Houmas land grant.
[" Postpone it."]
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone that for the
purpose of proceeding with the California over-
land mail bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that will not be done.
The case is a matter of importance to private
right. The action is suspended only for this Con-
gress, and unless we can get at it now, it may be
defeated. Last night it was said the debate was
nearly through, and probably we can take the
vote in an hour. 1 do not know who wants to
speak, except the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] who said he wished only to argue one
point. If it is postponed now and taken tip again
at the end of a week or two, the whole argument
will be gone through with again. I think the mat-
ter should be determined now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a word in
reference to this matter, if the Senate will allow
me. If this Houmas land grant bill be taken up,
I hope we shall proceed anil finish it, not that I
care anything more about that than I do about
any other business before us; but it is manifest to
me that if wo take up one sub ject and debate it an
hour, and then another and debate that an hour,
and so skip fiom one to the other, we shall never
get through at all. We are all aware that the time
is near at hand when we shall Hunt to adjourn.
The other House has fixed an early day, and it
is manifest that we cannot agree to that day; we
cannot fnnrh the business by that time, and we
shall not get th rough at all within any reasonable
time, unless when we have a subject before the
Senate we finish it. I hope, as the unfinished busi-
ness is nearly through, we shall go on and finish
it, and then take up the overland mail or anything
else you please, and go through with it, and in
that way we shall at some time or other finish the
business which gentlemen are in favor of bringing
before the Senate. I only speak of it because I
-am satisfied that unless we adopt some such sys-
tem as that, instead of moving from one subject
to another before it is half finished, we may look
forward, for an indefinite period of time, to the
day of adjournment. The time is very near at
hand when we all want to know whether we are
through or not. I hope there will bo no post-
ponement, but that we shall finish that, and then
take up the next business.
Mr. GWIN. That is the way with the over-
land mail bill We are in the middle of that dis-
cussion. We commenced it a week ago, and we
want to complete it to-day. There are various
amendments, and we want to get through with it.
It is absolutely neccessary to p&ss the biljatonce;
if there is to be anything done on the subject,.
Mr. FESSENDEN I understood the Vice
President to say that the business before the Sen-
ate in order is the Houmas land bill. - :
Mr. GWIN. That is the unfinished business
yesterday; but the overland mail bill wbs. the
unfinished business a week ago, and was over-
slaughed by other questions. We can go through
with it to-day. It is necessary to pass this bill,
so that the service can go into operation on the
1st of July. '• ■
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am of a different opin-
ion; that is all. The Senate must decide it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the unfinished business of yester-
day be postponed, with a view to the considera-
tion of the overland mail bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question, and
announced that the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays. If
we are ever going to have an overland mail sys-
tem, we had better dctcj-mine it now.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we shall do one thing
at a time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 desire to ask one
question, whether, after the President has pro-
nounced the result of the vote, there can be any
appeal taken, or anything else?
Mr. GWIN. It was not pronounced; it was
given as an intimation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kentucky that that is
true; but when a demand for a division, or the
yeas and nays, is simultaneous, or almost, with
the decision of the Chair, he is accustomed always
to respect it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It was distinctly after-
wards, in this case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Vice President hesi-
tated for an instant, to give an opportunity for
eveiybody to call for a division, and then pro-
nounced his decision; and after the annunciation
the call was made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair having
respccted the call for a division, must of course
adhere to it now.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am quite willing to consider
the proposition of my friend from California, but
I think he embarrasses the business of the body
by insisting. It would be better to allow a- vote
to be taken on the proposition under discussion
yesterday.
Mr. GWIN. Why, Mr. President, if I give
way now, I know I can never get it up again.
Here is a Senator who has got a speech to make
on the subject under .discussion yesterday. I
shall not get this overland mail up again the whole
session if I do not do it to-day. If it is not con-
sidered to-day, I look upon it as lost.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Mr-srs. ISaj ard, Benjamin, ilizlcr. limes, Biifjht,
Brown, Chandler, Chesmit, Davi?, Fitch, Fitapan-ick,
Green,Gwm, Hale, Hammond. Harlan, Johnson of Arkan-
sas Lane, Latham, Maliory, Rice, Sebastian, Seward,
Sumner, Thomson, Trumbull, and Wigfall—27.
NAYri—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, CliriL'man, Collamer,
Crittenden, Ilixon, Durkee, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes,
ilamlm, Johnson of Tennessee, I'earee, Polk, Powell,
Push, Saulslmry, Simmons, Ten Kyek, Toombs, Wade,
and Wilson—22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is postponed, and the over-
laud mail bill continues before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. When I was interrupted, I was
endeavoring to state to the Senate precisely bow
this matter stood, and the manner in which we
are disposed to treat it, so that it might be brought
before the Senate. The House bill has been sent
to the Senate, and to the House bill the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads have prepared
an amendment. That amendment I propose to
amend by striking out all after the enacting clause,
and inserting the bill,! send to the Chair. That
being an amendment to an amendment, is the
only auestion before the Senate. The Senator
from California [Mr. Latham] proposes to offer
some amendments by detail and section to the
amendment of the committee, as I understand
him; and in order that they may- be in order, I
consent, for the present, to withdraw my amend-
ment, and let him perfect the bill by way of
amendment to the amendment reported by the
