1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1513
remains, whether any practical good will be at-
tained by its exercise in the form proposed? It
is to the last question I propose to address myself
in a few observations; bat before I proceed to
do so, let me dispose of the side issue joined be-
tween my friend from Virginia [Mr. Millson]
and myself.
1 stated yesterday that jio instance could be
adduced of the enactment by Congress of a crim-
inal code specifically for an organized Territory.
My friend from Virginiatraversed that declaration
by a flat contradiction, and citcd the act of the
30th of April, 1790, in support of his position.
Now comes the tug of war. Is the gentleman or
myself right? I say that, so far from that act
being a precedent in his favor, it is a precedent
against him—its exceptions, implications, and ex-
positions are all against him.
What arc the provisions and character of the
act of 1790? Is it a local act, exclusively applica-
ble to the Territories ? Was it designed to ex-
clude all territorial legislation on the subject of
crimes? Not so, sir. On the contrary, it is an
act vindicatory of the national authority, as con-
tradistinguished from territorial authority. The
very title of the act betrays its true character, and
disproves the correctness of the gentleman's po-
sition. The title is in these words: "An act for
the punishment ofxertain crimes against the Uni-
ted StatesA few of its provisions will further
illustrate its character. It inflicts a punishment
for treason against the United States, for mis-
prison of treason, for piracy on the high seas, for
forging any indent or public security of the Uni-
ted States, and for stealing or falsifying any judi-
cial record of the United State^.
But the gentleman seeks to intrench himself
behind the third section of the act; which is in
these words:
" If any person or persons shall, within any fort, arsenal,
dock-yard, magazine, or any other place or district of coun-
ftry> under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United
States, commit the crime of wiillul murder, such person or
persons, on being theieof convicted, shall suifer death."
In assuming that this section sustains him, the
gentleman begs the whole question; for the con-
dition, the vital point in his argument is, that the
jurisdiction of Congress must be " sole and exclu-
sive '' in the placc for which itlegislatcs. Now, after
Congress has incorporated a given district of coun-
try and the people inhabiting it, as a political or-
ganization; after it has endowed that organization
with competent power to legislate, to prohibit and
punish crimes, to define and punish the crime of
murder—after it has done this, can it be said that
the power of Congress for the same purposes in
the same Territory is "so/e" and "exclusive
Who will say ?
Again: what would be the practical conse-
fuenccsof the gentleman's theory? Suppose the
legislature of the Territory of Utah had provided |
for the punishment of murder by inflicting im-
prisonment for life or for years, or by mulcting
the offender with a line or forfeiture of his estate.
Suppose that; whether would that form of pun-
ishment be inflicted or death, according to the
section of the act of 1790 already quoted ? Which
form of punishment would prevail ? Can the gen-
tleman say ? A complication and confusion would
result in the practical workings of the gentleman's
theory which would be disastrous. No man
would know what punishment he would be liable (
to suffer. Suppose the Legislature of Utah had I
prohibited polygamy by a penalty different from
that here proposed, which law ancl which penalty
would prevail?
JTot only is the weight of argument with us,
but the weight of authority also. The precise
point in dispute between the gentleman and my-
self was decided against him by a district judge,
appointed by the President and Senate, for the
Territory of Iowa. A man, if I mistake not, by
the name of Smith, killed another in some quarrel
concerning a lead claim, and the Territorial Le-
gislature having failed to provide for the punish-
ment of murder, the judge decided that the pris-
oner could not be punished. I speak of this case
from memory, and may not be exactly correct in
re-epect to details, but think I am in respect to the
general fact stated.
In order to show that my position is correct, I
will add legislative to the weight of judicial Au-
thority. It will be recollected that, in 1856, the
Committee on Territories of this House reported
a bill for the reorganization of the Territory of
Kansas. A Representative from Indiana (Mr.
Dunn) moved to amend the bill by striking out
all after the enacting clause and inserting a series
of sections in lieu of the original matter. One of
the amendatory sections suspended the operation
of the criminal codc in Kansas. What was held
to be the effect of that provision^at that time? It
was, that there would be no law in Kansas against
the commission of crime; and it was, in large part,
no doubt, upon that ground that every Democrat
in this House voted against the amendment, in-
cluding the gentleman from Virginia himself. The
amendment, however, was adopted, and went to
the Senate, where it became the subject of an ex-
tended and very animated discussion. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories of that
body—a committee composed of Douglas, Jones
from Iowa, Sebastian from Arkansas, and Biggs
from North Carolina in the majority, all of whom
were Democrats representing both the North and
the South, the slaveholding as wcll^as the non-
slaveholdmg States. And what was the report
of that committee? Let the committee speak for
itself—the House, in the mean time, bearing it in
mind that the issue, in one sense, between the gen-
tleman and myself is, whether the act of 1790 is
operative to punish the crime of murder in a Ter-
ritory where there is a punitory law of the Terri-
tory upon the same suoject.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not want my friend from
Illinois to change the issue with me. He does not
state the true issue between us'. I said yesterday
there never had been an organized Territory in
which Congress had not punished crime. He
stated yesterday that Congress had never under-
taken to punish a crime in an organized Territory.
Now the gentleman says that the issue between
us is, whether a law of Congress must be enforced
in an organizedTerritory which had itself passed
other laws. Now, that is not the issue between
us, formed yesterday. If the gentleman, however,
wishes to discuss that additional issue, I am will-
ing to meet him upon that issue, too.
Mr. McCLERNAND. My friend from Vir-
ginia is mistaken in his apprehension of what is
the issue between us. I stated what my position
was, and he traversed it by citing the act of 1790.
Now, as to the point, whether the act of 1790 is
operative in an organized Territory, in respect to
any offense not being an offense against the United
States, 1 read from the report of the Committee on
Territories of the Senate upon that question:
"There is no law in force iu Kansas by which minder,
robbcty, larceny, arson, and other crimes known to the
criminal codes of all civilized States, can be punished, ex-
cept under the code enacted by the Legislature of Kansas
at the Shawnee Mission. The provisions of ' An act for
the punLshmeut of cranes aeaintt the United States,5 ap-
proved Apnl 30, 1790, is, by its term^, confined m its ap-
plication to such crimes as shall be committed ' within any
fort, msen.il, dock-yard, magazine, or any other place or
district of country under the sole and 'exclusive jurisdic-
tion of the United States,' and kupon the high seas and
navigable waters out of the jurisdiction of any particular
State,' but has never been held or construed to apply to the
Territories of the United State*. The act of the 3d of
March, 1817, ' to provide for the punishment of crimes and
offenses committed within the Indian boundaiies,' extend*
the provisions ot the said act of 1790 to the Indian coun-
try; but expressly rcfrtncts us application, as its title im-
poits, to crimes committed c within any town, disti ict, or
territory belonging to ami nation or nations, tribe or tribes of
IndiansHence, the moment the Indian title is extin-
guished, and the country placed under the jurisdiction of a
terntonal government, it eea«cs to he 1 under the sole and
excluMvejurisdiction of the United States,* and isnolongei
subject to the piovisions of either ot the above cited acts.
Thus U will bo seen that if the bill from the Hou.>c of Rep-
resentatives should become a law with the pi ovhion<* grant-
ing a general amnesty m respect to ail past crimes, and un-
limited liccnse in the futute topeipctr.ue such outrages as
their own bad passions might instigate, there would be no
law in force in Kansas to punish the guilty or protect the
innocent."
And this allusion to the act of 1817 brings me
to the position taken by my friend from Louis-
iana, yesterday, in regard to the jurisdiction of
Congress to provide for the punishmeiHof crimes
in the vacant and unorganized territories of.the
United States. My friend said that he thought
Congress had no power to provide for the pun-
ishment of crimes in such territories. Accord-
ing, however, to the legislative interpretation of
the power of Congress, in this respect, my friend
is not quite accurate. The act last alluded to pro-
vides as follows:
"Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stutcsof Jlmcrita in Congress assembled, That
if any Indian, or other person or persons, vhall, within the
United States, and within any town, district, or territory,
belonging to any nation or nations, tribe or tribe?, of In-
dians, commit any crime, offense, or misdemeanor, which,
if committed in any place or district of country under the
sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, would,
by the laws of the United States, be punished with death,
or any other punishment, every such offender, on being
thereof convicted, shall suffer the like punishment as is
provided-by the laws of the United States for the like of-
fenses, if committed within any place or district of country
under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United
States.
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatthe superior courts
m each of the territorial districts, and the circuit courts and
other courts of the United States, of similar jurisdiction in
criminal causes, in each distuct of the United States, in
which any offender against this act shall be first appre-
hended or brought for trial, shall have, and are hereby in-
vested with, full power and authority to hear, try, and pun-
ish, all crimes, offenses, and misdemeanors, against this
act; such courts proceeding therein in the same manner
as if such crimes, offenses, and misdcmeanois, had been
committed within the bounds of their respective districts:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so construed as
to affect any treaty now in force between the United States
and any Indian nation, or to extend to any offense com-
mitted by one Indian against another, within any Indian
boundary."
While that act corrects the error into which the
gentleman from Louisiana fell, it also furnishes
a prcgnant.implication against the correctness of _
the construction placed by the gentleman from
Virginia upon the act of 1790. According to the
inference to be drawn from the act of 1817, not
only did not the act of 1790 extend to organized
Territories, but it did not even extend to unor-
ganized Territories. Otherwise, why the act of
1817, providing for tjje punishment of crimes in
the unorganized, in the Indian countries ? Again:
the fact that the organized Territories arc not em-
braced in the act of 1817, is a strong proof that it
was considered by Congress not to be necessary
or proper to extend criminal legislation to them,
except in respect to such matters as affected the
general powers and duties of Congress as the
legislative agent of the Union at large.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Illinois
says thatthe act of 1790 did not apply to the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. McCLERNAND. No, sir. Of course it
applies tf) the Territories in regard to treason, or
any act that is an offense against the United States.
Does not the gentleman understand the distinction?
Mr. MILLSON. I understand it very well.
The gentleman says that for the punishment of
murder and larceny, and such private crimes, the
act of 1790 did not apply to the Territories.
Mr. McCLERNAND. To the organized Ter-
ritories.
Mr. MILLSON. To the organized Territories;
and he has quoted some report; I do not know
whose.
Mr. McCLERNAND. It is a report made by
Senators Douglas, Jones of Iowa, Sebastian of
Arkansas, and Biggs of North Carolina; all Dem-
ocrats.
Mr. MILLSON. Some report of sundry Sena-
tors, as the evidence^that that act did not extend
to any of the Territories*. Now, the gentleman
will cfo me the justice to remember that I did not
say that the act of 1790 did, in the year 1790, ap-
ply to the organized Territories. But I did say—
and the gentleman has forgotten that, or has not
noticed it—that m the year 1804, an act was
passed ———
Mr. McCLERNAND. The Louisiana act.
Mr. MILLSON. It reads: *
uJln<d bcit further cnactcd ■, That the following act, namely,
i ' An aot for the punishment of eeiram crimes against the
| United States,' kc., shall extend to and have full foice and
( cflcet m the above-mentioned Teintories.''
i Afterwards the act applied, by particular de-
scription, to Floiida, and by general description
to Utah, Kansas, and Nebraska.
Mr. McCLERNAND. It applied, if"at all, as
to those provisions that are of a general and na-
tional character.
Mr. MILLSON. No exception was made.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is not the expo-
sition of" it. As the acts of 1790 and 1817, in the
nature of the case, it is exceptional as to private
offenses in the organized Territories.
Mr. MILLSON. No exception was made.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman still re-
j turns to that point—the same pomi so often no-
i ticed. But is it not strange that, if'Congress has
[ always elaimefl and exercised exclusive or even
concurrent power to legislate for the Territories,
| in regard to private crimes committed within their
: jurisdiction, no such act has been shown specifi-
I cally naming such Territories? Where is such
