• 1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tutional. That being the state of thecase, westand
for the rights and interests of the majority; he
working in the interests and objects of the minor-
ity, and that, too, by insidious, clandestine, and
flagitious means. We feel ourselves nut only
warranted, but compelled to resist him by all the
means which a minority, in parliamentary bodies,
can employ to defeat so nefarious an enterprise.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I invoke the aid of the record
to sustain me in my position. What does it ex-
hibit? It exhibits four parties upon this floor
who have nominated candidates. The Democratic
party came forward with a candidate—a gentle-
man exempt in his character, in his career, and 111
his record, from any legitimate objection; a con-
servative man, a high-toned gentleman, a patriot,
every inch a patriot. We presented him to this
House; but after a few ballots %ve discovered he
could not be elected. What then ? Did we ob-
stinately and pertinaciously insist upon his can-
didacy? No, sir; in a spirit of concession and
compromise, which you had no right to demand
or expect of us, we took down his name and pie-
sented you with my honorable and worthy col-
league from the State of Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
who, upon one particular measure, was thought
to I ■: more acceptable to you than our regular
caucus nominee. You refused to vote for him.
We superseded his candidacy by the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Scott.] You would not
vote for him. Then we took the gentleman from
Texas, [Mr. Hamilton,] who belonged to no po-
litical organization, and who was opposed to the
Lecompton bill, thereby doing violence to our own
feelings, but with an extreme solicitude to effect
an organization of this House, hoping he might
possibly be elected.
Now-, I appeal to you and to the country if that
be a factious and disorganizing course r What has
been the com so of the self-styled spurious ma-
jority upon the floor? In the first instance they
nominated a man who is obnoxious to us, not !
only because he expresses and advocates the pnn- i!
ciples of the Republican party, but who is exceed-
ingly repugnant to our feelings, because of his
complicity with a most treasonable and infamous
publication. We make a protest against his elec-
tion, in the name of the country and of our con-
stituency, and we record that remonstrance against
the election of the Black Republican nominee for
Speaker.
What do you do ? You who are now affecting
to be so solicitous for the organization of this
House, in the interests of the Confederacy, what
do you do ?, Do you present us with the name of
another candidate ? Sir, you have those among
your ranks who, I undertake to say, small as is
my familiarity witfi the public men of the coun-
try, are equally deserving of that high honor as
is the gentleman from Ohio. There is the gen-
tleman's honorable colleague, [Mr. Cokwin,] a
man of historical reputation, one who has served
in high and important functions of the Govern-
ment with credit to himself and distinction to his
State, but who chooses to be somewhat conserv-
ative on the great issues that now convulse the
country. Why not present him ? Then, again,
there is the honorable gentleman from New Jer-
sey, [Mr. Pewi.vg toy, ; who addressed the House
the other day—a gentleman of grave, dignified, and
decorous demeanor—one whose personal charac-
ter comes with the highestattestation; whose hon-
esty is visible in the impress of nature on his face;
but he, too, is a little conservative. Why not
take him?
There arc other gentlemen whom I could enu-
merate here; why not take one of them? No,
sir; you adhere pertinaciously, obstinately, fac-
tious'ly, to that gentleman against whose election,
in the interests of the Constitution and the Con-
federacy, we, the Representatives of the South,
and the Union and Constitution-loving men of the
North, have been obliged to enter a formal and
indignant protest. If your object was merely that
of party triumph, you might easily, I imagine,
elect a man—or you might probably do it—in as-
sociation with your party. Why not elect the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin?] Why not
elect the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pen-
nixgton,] if you merely desired the election of
one in connection with, and promotive of, the ob-
jects of your political association? No, sir; that >
is not your object. Your purpose is not only to i
vanquish us, but to degrade us.' Your purpose I
is to impart the sting of personal insult to our
defeat. Your object is to dishonor the section
which 1, in association with so many better and
abler and truer men, have the honor \rery feebly to
represent. And you profess to be Union men too!
Yournominee has recently written a letter to Phil-
adelphia, wherein he professes and parades much
on his love of the Union and the Constitution.
Nay, he goes further; and, from the stand-point
of pharisaical superiority, stigmatizes and de-
nounces those whom he represents to be disorgan-
izes, agitators, and disunionists. Thatfromhim!
Heand his party lovers of the Union! whosepolicy
and conduct are the origin and instigation of all
the perils to the Union, and of all the agitation
that has occurred in the history of the Confederacy.
They the lovers of the Union! No, gentlemen of
the Opposition; if you are lovers of the Union,
you must take down this candidate of yours; for
I tell you, m all candor, that the election of the
honorable member from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] will
intensify and inflame and propagate that extra-
ordinary state of agitation and resentment that
now pre vails everywhere through the slaveholdmg
States. They will accept the election of the gentle-
man from Ohio as a portentous omen, a presage,
a dismal vaticination of the ultimate catastrophe in
the election of William H.Seward. Hiselection
will be the signal of preparation for that event so
disastrous to the Union. Why, then, insist on it?
If you are solicitous for the welfare of the Union,
fake him down, I repeat. There is Jhe gentleman
from New Jersey; there is thegentlcman from Ohio;
there are other filack Republicans whom you may
elect, and whose election will not be regarded as a
personal insult, and will not awaken so sad a re-
sponse ofpopularfeehngin the States of the South.
Mr. Clerk, I have, from the impulse of the mo-
ment, attempted, somewhat desultorily, perhaps,
to avow the fact that we on this side stand united
to resist, to the utmost of our power, the opera-
tion of the plurality rule. This is the reason: we
arc a majority on this floor against the plurality
rule, and against the election of Mr. Siiehmw.
[Several Republicans, " Try it! "] We have been
shown to be a majority by thirty-odd ballots. [Re-
peated shouts of "Try it!"] Wehave shown by
thirty-odd ballots that we are m a majority against
the honorable member from Ohio. You, a minor-
ity, have attempted to force him upon us against
the indignant protest of the majority; and that,
not by constitutional and usual means, but by an
unparliamentary and extraordinary expedient.
We of the majority are resisting that usurpation.
And I give notice that for one—however others,
if they choose, may shrink from the responsibility
—accepting the suggestion of the honorable gen-
tleman [Mr. Hutchins] about physical endur-
ance, I am determined, so long as I have any re-
sources of physical strength left, to protest against
and defeat the election of the honorable member
from Ohio by the unconstitutional, unusual, and
unparliamentary expedient of a minority vote.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have but a word to say.
Mr. McllAE. Has the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania the floor?
The CLERK. The Clerk recognized the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. McRAE. Then I yield; for I never inter-
rupt anybody.
Mr. HICKMAN. If I had had time, coolly,
to sit down and consider what the probable effect
of my remarks would be on the other side of the
House, I should probably have come to the con-
clusion that they would produce precisely the
effect which they have produced. The gentleman
from Virginia, who has just taken his seat, has
seen properto raise a question of veracity withme.
Mr. PRYOR. Allow me just a word. 1 dis-
tinguished and stigmatized the statement of the
gentleman as false. There I stand.
Mr. HICKMAN. I distinctly so understand
it. He has chosen to raise a question of veracity
with me. I wish to say to that gentleman, once
for all, and to others who may think as he does,
that I shall not part with my sense of propriety
as a member of the American Congress, nor sever
myself from my self-respect; nor will I forfeit
thegood opinion of my people—if I now pos-
sess it—by joining an issue with him for the de-
termination of that question m the court which
he may prefer. I do not, sir, recognize that as a
tribunal of the country. I ha\c made a declara-
tion, and it will stand. And if there be a doubt
as to the truthfulness of it, that is to be determined
by a tribunal of more general jurisdiction than the
one to which the gentleman prefers to bring his
issues; it will be determined by the country.
Mr. PRYOR. Will the gentleman please sug-
gest what tribunal we are to understand by that?
Mr. HICKMAN. Well, I understand very
well 
Mr. PRYOR. I do not.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 understand precisely what
kind of a tribunal it is the disposition to bring me
to here.
Mr. PRYOR. Will the gentleman allow me? I
cannot understand. I can assure him and the
House that nothing was further from ray purpose
than tothroiv out to him any overture, invitation,
or menace to personal combat, or anything of the
kind. He is mistaken. His vivid imagination
has created perils which never existed. No, sir.
I expressly indicated by what tribunal I would
have that issue of veracity determined; 1 said the
tribunal of the record; and on that I now stand.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then the gentleman from
Virginia should be more guarded and circumspect
in his language. I repeat that when a southern
gentleman, of all others, makes use of language
of that kind, it can be understood but in one
i way; and I wish to say now, again, that thegon-
j tleman cannot try any question with me in his
| court. I prefer to select my own tribunal for the
trial of my own causes. I will not reply at any
time hereafter, if I can avoid it, to any remarks
of the kind. I have been expecting they would
come. I am only surprised that they have not
come at an earlier day. But what excuse have I
given for them ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. You felt that you de-
served them. [Laughter from Democrats.]
Mr. HICKMAN. Yes, sir, I deserved them,
because I chose to argue the question pending be-
fore the House without personal reference to any
gi-iitleman who considered my'remarks many-
thing offensive. I gave a fair and abundant op-
portunity for interruption to any gentleman who
considered that he was to any extent involved in
my remarks. Because I discuss the question as
it comes before the House, and do it in my own
way, but respectfully, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Pryor] has chosen to use the lan-
guage he has used. Sir, I repeat that I will not
try that question of veiacity m his court. It is
not the tribunal of the North; it is not one that I
will recognize; and I trust that gentlemen here-
after, if they choose to resori to language of in-
sult, will remember it. If my positions can be
answered, then I think gentlemen should reply
with arguments; it is not necessary to resort to
personal insult, invective, or assault.
Mr. McRAE. I think, sir, that misunderstand-
ings between gentlemen of this House grow out
of the fact that they do not know the precise po-
sitions which they occupy towards each other. I
shall, therefore, not undertake to settle the ques-
tion between the gentleman from Pennsylvania
and the gentleman from Virginia, in reference to
what has occurred between them as to what may
be considered personal. I agree entirely with a
very distinguished friend of mine from South Car-
olina, now on my left, [Mr. Keitt,] that all ques-
tions of that kind oughtto be settled outside of the
House. But m supportof the position that I have
taken, that misunderstandings between gentlemen
or misconceptions in reference to their positions
grow out of misunderstandings as to the partic-
ular positions which they occupy, I want to il-
lustrate it upon this occasion.
Now, sir, if I understood the speech of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hutctiins,] who offered
the resolution out of \fhich this discussion has
arisen, he took the position this morning, that the
question of organization of the House did not go
directly to the election of the Speaker of this
House, but that it went to the merits of the person
who was to be elected. That is the position I
! understood him to occupy.
i Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask my colleague if he
i will yield for a motion to adjourn, with the uiidSr-
I standingthatlie siiallhavethefloorinthemorning.
j Mr. McRAE. If the House desires to adjourn
i I will yield.
I Mr. BARKSDALE. I submit the motion.
I The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
I twenty-fne minutes past four o'clock, p. m.) the
i House adjourned.
