494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, January 18, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Joumalofyes^prday was read and approved,
REPORT ON THE FINANCES.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit the following order:
Ordered, That five thousand five hundred copies of the
report of the Sccietary of the Treasury on the. finances, in
addition to the usual number, be printed ; five hundred of
which shall be for the use of the Treasury Department.
I believe, according to the rule, this should go
to the Committee on Printing; but I was asked to
getan order, if possible, to have it printed at once,
because the copies for the use of the Department
are required. Last year we printed ten thousand
five hundred; I reduce it this year to five thousand
five hundred; so that it is only half the quantity
for the use of the Senate that there was last year.
I hope it will be the pleasure of the Senate to act
on it at once, as they are very much in want of
the five hundred copies for the use of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. FITCH. My impression is that the Sen-
ate cannot act on that order without its reference
to the Committee on Printing. That committee
will report in favor of its printing as soon as they
get notice from the proper quarter that the print-
ing is needed.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator objects, let it
take the usual course. I thought we could pass
it by unanimous consent. Perhaps it is as well
that it should go to the committee, who can report
to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order will be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAUN presented an act of the Legislature
of California, granting the consent of said Legis-
lature to the formation of a different government
for the southern" counties of said State, with a
statement of the votes polled m pursuance of said
act; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE piesentcd the petition of J. Par-
rand and others, praying that pensions may be
allowed to the surviving .soldiers of the war of
1812, and to the widows of those who have died
or may hereafter die; winch was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of J. Farrand
and others, praying that the militia of the Indian
wars and. of that ot may be placed upon the
same footing in regard to bounty Land as those
who served m the war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affaire and
Militia.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of
Henry J. Rogers, American editor of "The Com-
mercial Code of Signals, for the use of all Na-
tions," praying that the same may bo adopted by
Congress and distributed to all merchant vessels
owned by citizens of the United States; wlueh,
with his papers on the files of the Senate, was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FITCH presented the petition of citizens
of Clinton county, Indiana, praying that the sur-
viving militia of the war of 181^2, and the widows
of those who have died or may hereafter die, may
be placed on the pension roll; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of the heirs
of Henry Broekholst Livingston, a lieutenant
colonel of the continental army, praying to be
allowed half pay and arreuis of pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
the legal representatives of Wctonsaw, son of
James Connor, praying the payment of a sum of
money stipulated to be paid to said Wetonsaw,
by an Indian treaty; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Eiias
Carpenter, praying that his pension may com- j
mence from the day of his disability; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LANE presented a petition of members of
the Legislature of Oregon, praying thatapension
bo granted to H. H. Howard, a volunteer in the
late Indian war in that Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to present two tabu-
lar statements to the Senate. One is a statement
of the reports of the Court of Claims made to the
House of Representatives during the Thirty-
Fourth and Thirty-Fifth Congresses, showing in
each case the nature of the claim, the amount
claimed, and the action of the House thereon.
The other is a statement of the decisions of the
Court of Claims made since the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, and reported to the Senate on the 11th
day of January, 1860. I move they be laid on
the table, and printed. There is now before the
Committee on the Judiciary a bill which looks to
a reorganization of the Court of Claims. The
information is of high value in connection with
that. It is also of value in the transaction of our
business, even if we do not alter the law as re-
gards the disposition of claims.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers will
lie on the table, and the motion to print them will
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of David Ogden and others,
praying that the owners of ships or vessels may be refunded
moneys illegally exacted of them by collectors of the cus-
toms for constructive permits for the examination and land-
ing the baggage of passengers under the forty-sixth section
of the act of *2d March, 1799, on the files of the Senate, be
leferred to the Committee on Fijianee.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ot&eredy That the Court of Claims he directed to trans-
nut to the Senate, the memorial and papers in the case of
Gaetano Carusi, and that they be referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Aaron Van Camp and
Virginias P. Clnipin, piaying indemnity for the illegal seiz-
ure and confiscation of their propeity, at Apia, in the Nav-
igators' Islands, by J. S. Jenkins, United States consul at
those Mands, on the files ot the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James Myer, piaying com-
pensation lor services leaderod and losses sustained by him
as quartermaster to the Mexican boundary-line commis-
sion, on the tiles of the Senate, be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Po.-t Roads.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Chandler S. Emory, admin-
istrator of Calvin Head, deceased, praying payment for pine
trees sold to the United States for the erection of a foit at
jVIandann, Florida, on the tiles of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Claims
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Isaac Varn, sr., praying
indemnity for losses incurred by the military occupation of
Ins property, on the files of the Senate, be'referred to the
Committee on Chums.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of AnnaE. T. Part-
ridge, widow of Captain Alden Partridge, formeily superin-
tendent ot the Mihtaiy Academy at West Point, praying to
be allowed a pension, on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it was
Ordctcd, That the petition and papers ot Mrs. Agatha
O'Brien, on the files of the Senate,be referred to the Com-
mittee: on Mihtaiy Affairs and Militia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 84) to
facilitate communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific States by clectric telegraph; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post OiHcc and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAY j in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 85) declaring tlic consent of Congress to any
act which may be passed by the Legislature of
the State of Alabama, authorizing the municipal
authorities of the city of Mobile to impose and
collect a duty on the tonnage of vessels entering
the port of Mobile; .which was read twice by its
title, and referred to tht Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
8G) to amend the existing laws relative to the
compensation of the district attorneys, marshals,
and clerks of the circuit and district courts of the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 87) for the relief of Lee Dcatherage
and John Deatherage, or their legal representa-
tives; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
tie also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 90) to
create an additional land district in Washington
Territory; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu
tions:
Resolved, That the Territories are the common property
of all the States; and that it is the privilege of the citizens
of all the States to go into the Territories with every kind
or description of property recognized by the Constitution
of the Untted States, and held under the laws of any of the
States; and that it is the constitutional duty of the law-
making power, wherever lodged, or by whomsoever exer-
cised, whether by the Congress or the Territorial Legisla-
ture, to enact such laws as may be found necessary for the
adequate and sufficient protection of sueh property.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to insert, in any bill they may report for the organization of
new Terutories, a clause declaring it to be the duty of the
Territorial Legislature to enact adequate and sufficient
laws for the protection of all kinds of property, as above
described, within the limits of the Territory; and that,
upon its failure or retusal to do so, it is the admitted duty
of Congress to mteifere and pass such laws.
Mr. GREEN. I think those resolutions had
better lie over.
The resolutions accordingly lie over under the
rule.
LEGISLATIVE POWER Or TIIE SENATE.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of James H. Frost and Eliza A. Johnson,
to report a joint resolution in their behalf. The
report is very short—about six lines; and I am
instructed by the committee to ask for the con-
sideration of the joint resolution now. I think
the Senate will agree to it when they hear the
report read.
The joint resolution (S. No. 7) for the relief of
the legal representatives of John A. Frost, de-
ceased, was read the first time by its title, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HALE. Now, let the report be read; and
I think the Senate will consent to pass the joint
resolution at once.
Mr. HUNTER. I would only suggest that
this seems to be legislation. However, we pass
bills to the first and second readings, and that is
legislation.
"Mr. HALE. Y es, sir; we have passed them,
I think. Let the report be read.
Mi. MASON. I shall certainly object to pass-
ing any bill or joint resolution in the present con-
dition of the llouse of Representatives. I do not
know that I should object to advancing them to a
second reading; but, to pass them, is a final act
of legislation on our part. I think we should stop
that. I have no objection to the gentleman's bill.
I do not know what it is. My objection is not to
that; but it is to legislating at all. -
Mr. HALE. This is simply a joint resolution
to pay a boatswain money that is due to him.
The Secretary of the Navy and the commander
of the squadron both say that it was omitted to
be paid to him by a mistake. This simply pro-
poses to pay what is due; and was a mistake in
the officers of the Government, and is so reported
by the commander of the squadron and the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
Mr. FESSEND'EN. I take no interest in that
matter. I do not care whether the joint resolu-
tion is acted on or not; but I should like to know
from Senators what is the objection to our acting
even finally upon bills at the present time? The
question has been suggested, I know, in conver-
sations among members of the Senate; but I do
not sec any reason why we may not go forward
and perfect business, so far as this branch is con-
cerned. Nothing can be done m the other House,
to be sure; but we are a Senate, and may go through
with all the regular proceedings of a Senate, as I
apprehend. I should like it very much if that
could be done. Senators will recollect that, at the
suggestion of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, I think at the beginning of the last Con-
gress, or the one before that, the Senate proceeded
to act, in the first instance, upon appropriation
bills. It seemed to be generally conceded that the
Senate had the constitutional power to act on bills
merely appropriating money, not raising the rev-
enue, and we did originate certain bills here and
sent them to the other House. Well, sir, in the
other House they did not seem to deny the prin-
ciple; but being somewhat afraid of the precedent,
