1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1510
send them away, or to repeal their territorial
charter, and to mcr<p them in more wholesome
social elements. Ana how may the latter be done?
I answer, that the substitute I have prepared,and
which was offered the other day, when I was ab-
sent from the city, for me, and at my instance,
by my colleague, [Mr. Logan,] will effectually
, do it.
I propose, sir, by my substitute, to repeal the
organic act of the Territory, and to divide the
Territory into two parts—making a Territory out
of each part, in conjunction with some additions
to one of the Territories from Nebraska, Kansas,
and New Mexico. The boundaries of the pro-
posed Territories, as given in my substitute, are
as follows:
Sec. 2. *^ndbeitfarther enacted, That the districtof coun-
try which is embraced within the following limits, to wit:
beginning at the point wheie the one hundied and third
(103d) meridian intersects the thirty- seventh (37th) parallel
of north latitude; thence on said meridian until it intersects
the forty second (42d) paiallel of north latitude; thence
west on said parallel to the one hundred and thirteenth
(113th) meridian of longitude west of Greenwich; thence
feouth on said meridian until it intersects the thirty-sev-
enth (37th) paiallel of north latitude; thence on said par-
allel to the place of beginning, be, and the same is hereby,
created and organized into a temporary government, to be
called the Territory of Jeffersonia; and the provisions of the
act for the organization of the Territory ol N'ebiaska, ap-
proval May 30, 1854, are hcieby declared to he the organic
actor the said Tcrritoiyof Jeffersonia, with -.lie boundaiios
hereinbefore described, as fully as if the provisions of said
act were herein set toith and particularly reonacted ; and
until the Legislature of said Ten itory shall otherwise pro-
vide, the seat of government of said Territory shall be at
Denver City.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the residue of said
Territory of Utah, bounded as follows: beginning at a point
on the foity-second (42d) parallel of north latitude, where
the one hundred and thirteenth (113th) meridian of longi-
tude crosses the same; thence south on the said meridian
to the thirty-seventh (37th) paiallel ofuorth latitude; thence
we t on said parallel until it intersects the boundaiyof the
State of California; thence, following the said boundary, to
the forty-second (42d) parallel of north latitude; thence east
on said parallel to the placeot beginning, be, and the same
is hereby, created and organized into a temporary govern-
ment, by the name of the Territory of Nevada: and the
provisions of the said act for the organization of the said
Territory of Nebiaska, approved May 3d, 1854, are hereby
declared to be the organic act of the said Territory of Ne-
vada, with the boundaiies hereinbefoie la^t described, as
fully as it the provisions of said act were herein set forth
and paiUcularly reenactcd ; and until the Legislature of said
Territory shall otherwise provide, the seat of government
of the same shall be at Genoa.
[Mr. McClernand here spread out a map pre-
pared at his instance, at the War Department,
showing the boundaries of the Territories pro-
posed by him to be erected.]
This arrangement divides Utah by a liiiO'run-
ning from south to north through Salt Lake, and
supersedes Salt Lake City as the present seat of
government, by substituting Denver City as the
temporary capital of Jeffersonia, and Genoa as
the temporary capital of Nevada. Genoa is a
pleasant town, situated in Carson's Valley, at the
mouth of the South Park, on Carson's river, in
the midst of the silver region, which is now draw-
ing so wonderful an emigration from California.
And Denver City is the rendezvous for the thou-
sands who have already emigrated, and the thou-
sands who will emigrate to the gold region about
Pike's Peak this spring.
I am assured by gentlemen well informed upon
the subject, that the population of these Territo-
ries will be, by the time my substitute could bo
carried into effect as a law, greatonough to merge
the present Mormon population of Utah. There
is my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] who is
better informed on this subject than I am. Will
he please to answer to it?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will give to the
Hpuse what information I have upon the subject, as
one of the members of theCommittce onTerntories.
Members of that committee will justify me in the
belief that in the coming summer there will be at
least fifty thousand people at Pike's Peak. It is
stated that there are going there now, west of the
Mississippi, enough to make the population thirty
thousand. The Delegate of that region has been
before us, and from what he has stated, and from
/>ther sources of information,! am justified in the
belief that during the next three months there will
be such acquisitions of settlers m the Pike's Peak
region as will increase its population to fifty thou-
sand souls. What number will permanently re-
side there gentlemen must decide for themselves.
It is known that those who go there ^o for mining
purposes principally; some go for agricultural pur-
poses, and some for other purposes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How many are
there now?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. From the bestin-
formation I have at hand, I am of the belief that
there are about eight or ten thousand people at
Pike's Peak at this time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There was a spec-
ulation like that indulged by the gentleman very
rife in this House last year. Talk to us about
fifty or sixty thousand people at Pike 'sPeak!
[Laughter.]
Mr. PAUROTT. I hope gentlemen will per-
mit mc to" say a word on the subject.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want to say an-
other word on the subject. I am upon the floor
by the courtesy of the gentleman from Illinois.
The very measure the gentleman is discussing in
reference to dividing out the Territory of Utah
has been somewhat discussed in the Committee
on Territories. 1 am not, of course, at liberty to
discuss what has occurred in that committee.
But, sir, I ask the House to allow me to say that
dividing out the Tcnitory of Utah is the best way
to dispose of this question. I am free to state that
it can be done substantially as stated by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClernand;] that
this unhappy and deluded people can be put
under other jurisdiction, and made subservient to
the standard of Christian morality, as well as the
legal authority of the Constitution; that the au-
thority of the Constitution can be made to bear
upon them so as to correct the enormities with
which they are chargcd. I believe that it is the
only practical way under* the Constitution that we
can dispose of this question.
I will make another remark. I understand, under
the Constitution, that no man can be proceeded
against criminally, unless he is first indicted by
a grand jury, and within the jurisdiction where the
person indicted resides. If you give jurisdiction
to Utah Territory, of course the grand jury there
will be drawn from the people of that Territory.
| Before a man can be proceeded against, a bill has
got to be found before the grand inquest within
the Jurisdiction. That inquest in Utah would be
composed of Mormons, and every sensible man
knows that they would not indict a Mormon for the
offense of polygamy. If I may use the expres-
sion, it is absurd, therefore, to legislate in any way
over these people, when such an insurmountable
obstacle is interposed to the execution of the law.
Mr. PARROTT. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will indulge me, 1 would like to submi£ a
statement respecting* the point he is now discuss-
ing. The Pike's Peak, or Jefferson Territory,
as it is sometimes called, is chiefly within the
limits of the Territory of Kansas, and its people
belong to the constituency which I have the honor
to represent on this floor. A considerable num-
ber of them were entitled to vote at the late elec-
1 tion for Delegate in Kansas. Under these cir-
! cumstances, I was much concerned to know
| accurately the number of inhabitants, as they
s would probably turn the scale m case they should
decide to participate in the election. The result
of my inquiries was, that while the population at
the height of the excitement had gone up to fifty
thousand, and in the reaction down to five thou-
sand, the permanent and stable portion of the
community, when the winter set in, was about ten
thousand. This estimate, carefully made by a
comparison of all the information I could obtain
from various sources, is not too high, and is, 1
think, nearly correct. They did not vote with
the eastern portion of the Territory, intending to
preserve, so to speak, their individuality by mak-
ing an organization of their own, and ignoring
any other, till Congress could act upon their ap-
plication for a separate organization.
I am friendly to the organization of a Terri-
tory in this district of country. It is greatly
needed, for I am sure that during the present sea-
son there will be, speaking within limits, an ac-
cession of twenty or thirty thousand people to
the numbers already living there. I must be al-
lowed to say, however, that I hope that this will
not take place till Kansas is admitted as a State
into the Union. The limits prescribed for the
State leave this country out, and action will then
become inevitable. I object to any partition or
dismemberment of the Territory as such until ]
that consummation is realized. I protest against j
the curtailment of our fair proportions. I hope j
that that act of justice is near at hand. j
Legislation for this country will become neces-
sary after the State of Kansas is admitted. Noth-
ing is so important now to all the country to be
affected by this legislation as the admission of
Kansas.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is testimony
given, and I want rebutting evidence to be given.
I do not believe that there are five thousand pea-
Ele in Jeffersonia, and during this very winter they
ave had to go to Santa Fe and Taos. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. My friend from Vir-
ginia is skeptical on many points. He doubts thafi
there will be a large immigration to Pike's Peak.
With the Delegate from Kansas, I think there
will bean immigration there like that which went
to California and filled up that far-off region so
suddenly and magically. Gold is the incentive to
immigrate to Jeffersonia, as it was the incentive
to immigrate to California. Like causes will pro-
duce like effects.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I differ with the
gentleman.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Does the gentleman
doubt that gold is the incentive?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That was the ob-
ject; but Pike's Peak is no California.
Mr. McjCLERNAND. We have the gentle-
man's authority on that point. But was not the
gentleman equally inclined to discredit the rich-
ness of the gold mines in California at the first?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I went to California
myself, and of course gave the reports concerning
it full faith and crcdit;
Mr. McCLERNAND. As I have already said,
the silver mines in the region embracing Carson's
Valley are irresistibly attracting a large immigra-
tion from California. There is already a consider-
able population there; and ia the course of the
present year it will no doubt be greatly increased.
Upon the whole, sir, 1 feel assured that the popu-
] lation of the two proposed Territories, other than
' Mormons, will soon be numerically sufficient to
overrule and correct Mormon abuses and vices—
to enforce among them the canons of an approved
and Christian morality.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If we have the
power to repeal the act organizing Utah, have we
not the power to amend it? If .we can, then can-
not we insert a provision suppressing polygamy ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 will answer the gen-
tleman. What will be the benefitof your legisla-
tion—of a legislative prohibition of polygamy—if
the law prohibiting it remains to be executed by
the Mormons themselves? But I have passed over
this gfrouod already, and have not the time or dis-
position to go over it again.
Under the operation of my substitute, if the
Mormons should be unwilling to reform their
vices and disloyalty, they would probably pass
out of our jurisdiction into Mexico or the British
territories.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LAMAR obtained the floor, and responded
to the argument of Mr. McClernand. [His re-
marks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. NOELL. Mr. Speaker, upon mature re-
flection, I have come to the conclusion that I can-
not vote for the bill reported from the Committee
on Territories. My objections, however, to that
bill do not rest upon the opinion that Congress
cannot legislate in reference to the domestic insti-
tutions of a Territory. I am one of those who
hold that Congress may enact, as an original
proposition, any law for the^>eople of a Territory
that the Territorial Legislature itself can enact.
My objections rest upon other grounds, and I will
state them before 1 conclude.
Let me make one or two preliminary remarks.
My friend from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar] has
saved me the necessity of submitting some remarks
which I designed. I understand the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Etiieridge] to assert that,
when Congress assumes the power to prohibit
crime in a Territory, it concedes that it may also
prohibit or exclude slavery therefrom. If I un-
derstand the theory of the Government upon that
point, it is this; the reason why Congress cannot
exclude slavery, or create an inferior tribunal to
do so, has no application to the question of po-
lygamy. The Pederal Constitution is a compact
between coequal States, and, of necessity, recog-
nizes the validity of all State laws and institutions
which do not violate its express provisions. The
