I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T3
36th Cong.... 1st
Territorial Policy—Mr. Green.
Senate.
mutual security and happiness; and that they instituted this
Government, and clothed it with powers to carry into effect
these important objects. Such being the character and ob-
ject of our system, it is clear that this Government can have
no right whatever to give a preference to the institutions of
one portion of the Union over those of another, or to use
its power to abolish one or establish the other; and to do so,
be the pretext what it may, would be directly subversive of
the object for which it was established, by destroying that
which it was intended to protect. Instead of preserving
peace and tranquillity, it would become an instrument, in
the hands of the stronger portion of the Union, for assailing
the institutions of the weakei, and engendering thereby the
bitterest feelings of hostility, which, in the end, would de-
stroy the Union itself."
The Democratic party, through its organs in
1838, said that any discrimination, with a view of
prejudicing that institution directly or indirectly,
was unconstitutional; that it was destroying the
rights of property which the Constitution was de-
signod to protect, and, in the end, would destroy
the Union itself; and yet, if I understood the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. <3ollamer] correctly,
the other day, when a question was put to him,
he said publicly, in the Senate, that the reason
why he was in favor of circumscribing slavery
to the States in which it now exists, was that it
might become unprofitable, and induce the owners
of slaves to emancipate them; thus seeking to do
indirectly what, in the language of this celebrated
address, Congress cannotdo directly orindirectly
without a breach of faith and without a violation
of the Constitution. That address is signed by
Reuel Williams, of Maine, Gerrctt D. Wall, of
New Jersey, William Allen, of Ohio, William
S. Fulton, of Arkansas, Francis Thomas, of Ma-
ryland, J. W. Jones,, of Virginia, Isaac Toucey,
of Connecticut, James J. McKay, of North Car-
olina, W. W. Potter, of Pennsylvania, John P.
Richardson, of South Carolina, Amasa J". Parker,
of New York, Isaac F. Crarv, of Michigan, and
Archibald Yell, of Arkansas. These were patriots
who knew how to meet the difficulty, and took
that position, from which the party has never
swerved. Rut this is not all. t)unng the same
session, m the Senate of the United States, the
following resolution was passed—and I invite par-
ticular attention to it, for 1 think that it will be
discovered that there is a strong antagonism to
squatter sovereignty in it. On the 12th day of
January, 1838, the following resolution gassed by
the vote which I shall read:
"Jind resolved, That any attempt of Congress to abolish
siaveiy in any Terutory of the United States, in which it
exist*, would create serious alarm and just apprehension in
the States sustaining that domestic institution ; would be a
violation of good faith toward the inhabitant:- oi any such
Tcrritoiy, who have been peunitted to settle with ami hold
slaves therein ; bec.tuse the people of any *uch Territory
have not asked for the abolition of slavery therein ; and be-
cause, when any suck Temtoiy shall be admitted into the
Union as a State, the people thereof will be entitled to de-
cide that question exclusively foi themselves/'
It would be unjust to the Territory, because they
did not ask it, not that they could do it of their
own option, by their own motion, but it would be
unjust in another sense; because the time would
come when they could settle it for themselves; and
that time was when they camc to be admitted into
the United States as a State. This was voted for
by thirty-live to nine. The thirty-five Senators
who voted for it were:
"Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benton, Black, Biovvn, Buch-
anan, Calhoun, Clay oi Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Crit-
tenden, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundv, Hubbard, King, Lump-
kin, Lyon, Merrick, Nicholas, Niles, Norvel), Pierce,
Preston, Rives, Roane, Robinson, tfpviei, Smith of Con-
necticut, Stranire,Tipton,Walker,White,Williams,Wright,
and Young."
On the 12th of December, 1838, the celebrated
Atherton resolutions were passed by the House
of Representatives, in these words:
"Resolved, That this Government is a Government, of
limited powers, and that, by the Constitution of the United
States, Congress has no jurisdiction whatever over the in-
stitution of slavery in the several States of the Confederacy.
Resolved, That petitions for the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia and the Territot ies of the United
States, and agam«t the removal of slave* from one State to
another, are a part of a plan of operations set on foot to
affect the institution ot slavery m the several States, and
thus mdu ectly to destroy that institution within their limits.
" 3. Resolved, That Congress has no right to do that iridi-
rectlv hich it cannot do directly; and that the agitation
ot the subject of slavery in the District of Columbia or the
Temtories, as a mean* and with the view of distuibing or
ovei tin o wine that institution in the several States, is against
the true -pirit and meaning ot the Constitution, an infringe-
ment of the lights of the State? affected, and a breach of the
public faith on which they entered into this Confederacy.
"4. Resolved* That the Constitution rests on the broad
principle of equality among the members of this Confeder-
acy ; and that Congress, in the exercise of its acknowledged
powers, has no right to discriminate between the institu-
tions of one portion of the States and another, with a view
of abolishing the one and promoting the other.
" 5. Resolved, therefore, That all attempts on the part of
Congress, to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia or '
the Territories, or to prohibit the removal of slaves from
State to State, or to discriminate between the institutions
of one portion of the Confederacy and another, with the
views aforesaid, are in violation of the Constitution, de-
structive of the fundamental principle on which the union
of these States rests, and beyond the jurisdiction of Con-
gress ; and that every petition, memorial, resolution, prop-
osition, or paper, touching or relating in any way, or to any
extent whatever, to slavery as aforesaid, or the abolition
thereof, shall, on the presentation thcieof, without any fur-
ther action thereon, he laid upon the table, without being
debated, printed, or referred."
Then it was not considered heterodox to con-
tend that the people of a Territory could not abol-
ish slavery until they came to be admitted into
the Union as a State. On the contrary, it was
thus voted in this body by experienced Senators,
North and South. But after that, the question
was narrowed down to a specific issue. It was
thus narrowed down in consequence of an attempt
to pass the " Wilmot proviso;'' for, if you ex-
amine the Democratic platform, you will find that,
in 1840, 1844, 1848, and 1852, there was a section
against this abolition agitation identically the
same, word for word, in each and all of those
platforms. This is the section:
"That Congress has no power, under the Constitution,^
to interfere with, or control, the domestic institutions of
the seveial States ; and that such States are the sole judges
of everything appertaining to then own affairs not prohib-
ited by the Constitution ; that all efforts of the Abolitionists
or others, made to induce Congress to interfere with the ques-
tion of slavery, or take incipient steps in relation thereto, arc
calcidated to lend to the most dangerous and alarming conse-
qucnces ; and that all such efforts have an inevitable tendency
to diminish the happiness of the people, and endanger the sta-
bility and permanency of the Union, andouifht not to be coun-
tenanced by any friend'of our political institutions
The Democracy were always opposed to Con-
gress striking at the subject of slavery in the Ter-
ritories. It was sometimes called " non-interven-
tion," sometimes "non-interference." They
always said Congress ought not to lay its hand
on that subject; neither prohibit nor establish; and
in 1854 it was said, whatever your rights arc, (in
the absence of a law to establish orprohibit,) under
the Constitution of our common Union, when de-
fined and established by the courts, we will rec-
ognize and honorably protect by all necessary
legislation. That was the general understanding.
The platform of 1856 is a little more definite still;
and yet it wiil be remembered that that platform
was adopted before the rendition of the Dred Scott
decision. It says:
Resolved, That we recognize the right of the people of
ail the Tciritoiie« , including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
through the legally and iairiy expiessed will ol a majonty
of actual residents, and whenever the numbei of then in-
habitants justifies it, to foim a constitution, with or with-
out domestic slavery, and be admitted into the TJrnon upon
terms of peifect equality with the other States."
When may they thus exercise that power?
Whenever their numbers may justify a State or-
ganization. That is not as definite as it ought to
be; yet it is plain enough to indicate what was the
understanding of the Cincinnati convention at that
time.
Mr. PUGH. Has the Senator read all the res-
olutions ?
Mr. GREEN. I have read them all frequently.
And, in this connection, permit me to say that I
find a newspaper anxious to represent me as in-
consistent on this subject. 1 had supposed that,
of all men, I should be the last selected; but a
letter I wrote in 1849, is garbled; and a resolution
of Missouri, in 1849, which I approved, is most
grossly garbled. This is the Morning Herald,
printed in the city of St. Louis. It has at its mast-
head " Stephen A . Douglas for President;" and
quotes the following as a resolution of the Mis-
souri Legislature, passed in 1849:
"The right to prohibit slavery m a Territory belongs ex-
clusively to the people thereof."
And it is said that this sustains the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty. Well, if that were all the
resolution, it would be true; but what do you
think, when you hear the residue of the resolution,
of the fair dealing of the writer who would cut a
resolution right in the middle, and publish one half
and leave out the other half of it ? He says:
"The right to prohibit siaveiy in a Terutory belongs ex-
clusively to the, people, thereof."
That is what he publishes; and the rest of it,
which he omits, is this:
u And can only he exercised by them informing their con-
stitution for a State government, or in their sovereign capa-
city as an independent State."
This is a qualification which all will admit to
be important. My letter expressly approved the
resolution.
That resolution I sustained in 1849, in one of
the hottest political contests that this country has
ever witnessed; and the people of the State sus-
tained it. At that time it was believed and un-
derstood that the honorable Senator from Illinois
sympathized with us throughout all that difficulty.
This is the doctrine which was announced by
the Senate in 1838, by the House in that same
year, by Missouri in 1849, and by the Cincin-
nati convention in 1856. It has been indorsed by
the courts and the people, and is sound and whole-
some.
I will now read the resolution, passed not twenty
days ago, in which the Legislature of Missouri
reaffirm the same doctrine. There is a consist-
ency and a uniform adhe'rence to the Constitu-
tion, running through a long scries of years, that
has marked the course of the Missouri Democ-
racy—I will make no invidious comparisons, but
I will say—not to be surpassed by any Constitu-
tion^ ving State of this Union. The last reso-
lutions were passed a few days since, and the vote
was on some 100 to 3, on others 105 to 2, and so
on, showing the unanimity with which this ques-
tion is sustained in Missouri. The third and fourth
resolutions of the series arc:
il Third. That we regaid the Territories of the United
States as the common property of the people of the several
{States of this Union, ami, a* «uch,open alike to settlement
to citizens of every part of the Confederacy, and that they
have the undoubted right to remove therein with property
of whatever nature, kind, and description ; and wc regard
any attempt to debar them of this right as a flagrant viola-
tion of the Federal compact and the law of the land, as
decided by its supreme authorities.
" Fourth. That we regard it as the right of every Terri-
tory, when it has the requncd population, to demand ad-
mission into the Union upon the terms prescribed by the
Federal Constitution, and upon admission as a State, to
allow or prohibit slavery, as it may deem expedient."
Such is the position that the State of Missouri
occupies to-day. It is in harmony with the entire
Democratic party; and to publish garbled extracts,
and undertake to represent Missouri as ever hav-
ing indorsed this idea of " popular sovereignty,"
which I regard as a political heresy, is extraor-
dinary indeed. I will not impute it to any wicked
design, but it is clearly very unjust to the State
of Missouri, as well as to myself individually.
I have thus taken the pains, Mr. President, to
show what has been the history of the party on
this subject; that it has met questions just accord-
ing as the danger threatens. It never went out
of its way to court new difficulties. In drawing
up its platform it would not go into abstractions,
unless there was some present question pressed
on the public mind that required to bo mot cither
affirmatively or negatively; and now, when we
had supposed we had passed all the difficulties of
the slave question, I much regret to see it reintro-
duced. But I am told by the honorable Senator
from Illinois that, if wo maintain our position,
which is, that under the Constitution as inter-
preted by the Supremo Court, there is no power
while the territorial condition remains to prohibit
slavery, such maintenance will reopen the agita-
tion of the question hero. It is just the opposite.
It ends the agitation now and forever. The halls
of Congress will hardly hear the word " slavery"
pronounced, if we adhere to that, and, in good
faith, carry it out—no agitation, but peace, good
will, and tranquillity. But on the contrary, sup-
pose we resort to this new-fangled idea that an
organized Territory can do as it pleases on this
subject, but an unorganized one has no power, for
that is the argument of these gentlemen. When-
ever you are called up to organize a Territory,
the battle, with all its bitterness, will come before
the Senate and House of Representatives. If the
doctrine is to prevail that an organized Territory,
can do these things and destroy the rights of
whole States at its own will and pleasure, but an
unorganized one cannot, and the Constitution
prevails m an unorganized Territory, the South
will say, " keep il unorganizedThe North will
say, " let it be organized." And thus will be re-
introduced all the strife, and contention, and bit-
