1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
495
I believe they laid them on the table and intro-
duced other bills of precisely the same tenor, or
very similar. It is a mere matter of form. If any
business is to be done at this Congress, we might
gain a great deal of time by simply proceeding,
preparing business, passing bills, if nccessary,
through this House, and having them ready to
send to the other House. They might adopt them
or not; but whether they adopted the bills or not
as the action of the Senate, it certainly might'be
a very considerable advantage, and gain a great
deal of time by having them in a matured state,
because they would have the advantage of our
labor. Certainly it would be no insult to the other
House. I make no proposition on this subject.
I merely throw out, by way of suggestion, what
might be done if we choosc to do it with a desire
to advance the business of Congress, which now
seems to be at a stand still in the other branch. I
will close by simply asking gentlemen to explain,
for my mind is perfectly open to conviction 011 the
subject, what constitutional objection there is to
our proceeding not only with bills through the
first and second reading, but proceeding to final
action 011 them, so far as this House is concerned.
I have looked at the subject a little, and confess
myaelf entirely unable to see the point of the diffi-
culty.
Mr. MASON". I cannot say that I have con-
sidered this subject very maturely; though once
or twice, during the present session, my thoughts
certainly have been turned towards it. I am
strongly impressed with the idea that at present
we are clothed with no legislative functions what-
ever; and if not so clothed with power, we cannot
exercise it. The Constitution says:
"All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested m
a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a
Senate and House of Representatives."
Now, until the House of Representatives has
perfected its organization, not as a matter of form,
but as substantial matter, there is no Congress.
Until there is a Congress, neither branch can have
any legislative power, in my apprehension. It is
not only to choosc a Speaker, a presiding officer,
but they have no legislative power; they do not
constitute a House of Representatives until they
have taken the oath prescribed by the Constitu-
tion, binding them to the discharge of their duty.
There is at present, therefore, 1 submit respect-
fully, 110 House of Representatives. There is as
complete an absence of a House of Representa-
tives as if none had been elected; and until there
is a House of Representatives there is 110 Con-
gress; and until there is a Congress there is 110
legislative branch of this Government. So it
strikes me. I see 110 objection, for the facility of
the dispatch of business, to mature, consider, di-
gest, and arrange business which is comprised
within passing those bills to their second reading,
and getting them ready for legislation; but until
there is a Congress, the Senate, in my judgment,
has na legislative power. It is for that reason
that I should be reluctant to set the precedent.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this is aques-
tion which, like my colleague, I have not ex-
amined particularly. I confess, if I had to express
an opinion nsw at once, I should say that I in-
cline to think, with the Senator from Maine, that
we may legislate so far as we are concerned; be-
cause,! suppose, the House of Representatives is
a House, even without a Speaker; but I knew all
this was controverted matter, and I did not see
much use 111 our attempting to legislate until that
House was organized, and ready to receive com-
munications from us. Now, sir, in regard to the
appropriation bills. We have made the attempt
more than once to originate them here; and, al-
though the House of Representatives have never,
by resolution, declared that we had not the power
to do so, yet they have never actpd on our bills,
and it seemed to be matter of offense to them.
Whilst I will do nothing to disclaim the power of
the Senate to originate appropriation bills—for I
believe it to be perfect and complete—I do not
see the use of attempting to originate them here,
when the only result of doing so seemed to be to
embarrass, and rather to give offense to the House,
especially, too, as, %vhen the attempt was made,
there was a large portion of our own members
who seemed to think we had no such right. Un-
der these circumstances, it seemed to me that it
was doubtful whether we should act 011 legislative
matters at all—that is, pass bills—until the other
House was organized; as it was pretty certain,
from our past experience, that any attempt to ori-
ginate appropriation bills here would rather give
offense than otherwise to the House. I thought,
in the present state of public affairs, and in the
present condition of Congress, perhaps it would
be as well not to carry out to their final stages mat-
ters of legislation until the House was organized.
I confess that I think we have the power to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was aware that the dif-
ficulty which had suggested itself to the minds of
some gentlemen, was founded upon that particu-
lar clause of the Constitution read by the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] 1 see, however,
no such difficulty. The President has sent his
message to both the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives. He considered it a House, so far
as that he could recognize itasabody. Perhaps,
the question may depend upon the construction
of the point whether it is and when it is a House
of Representatives. Everybody knows, of course,
that until it is organized according to form, it
cannot act; but there would be a great many dif-
ficulties in not considering it a House of Repre-
sentatives for some purposes, and m not consid-
ering that Congress was in session at the present
time. Why, sir, it is suggested to me by my
friend from Vermont, [Mr. Cut.!, ameu.] that sup-
pose the law was now as it used to be, that we
were entitled to receive a per diem allowance
during the session of Congress, should we not be
entitled to receive it notwithstanding the House
is not organized ?
Mr. MASON. That is the argumentum ad
hominem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may not be amiss in
certain cases.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator from Maine
allow me to call his attention to the last clause of
section four, article one, of the Constitution '
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; unless I have
it before me, and I believe I have. Which one
is it?
Mr. CLARK. It is this:
"The Congress shall assemble at least once in every
year, and such meeting shall be on tiie first Monday in De-
<;e^llbcr.,,
Now, unless we arc to be considered a Con-
gress,'that provision of the Constitution lias not
been carried out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That operates; and there
is still another, and that is the last clause of sec-
; tion five of the same article:
) " Neither House, during the session of Congress, shall,
I witiiout the consent of the other, adjourn for more than
1 three days."
Now, if Congress is not m session, wc may
adjourn for an unlimited time-  
'Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Maine
will permit me I will refer him to another clause
in the Constitution which, I think, is conclusive
upon the question. It is the second section of
the first article. At the close of that section it is
said:
" The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker
and other officers."
Clearly, considering them a House before the
Speaker is elected. If it is a House to choose
officers, it is a House fn the sense of the Consti-
tution. I must say, as the Senator from Maine
has been kind enough to yield to me, that I agree
fully with his view that we have power to go on
and carry 011 legislative business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. IfitisconsideredaHouse
in any sense, Congress is 111 session, and the legis-
lative power, according to the clause read by the
Senator from Virginia, is vested in Congress, and
here is a Congress to do it. To be sure, the other
branch of Congress, the House of Representatives,
cannot now do any business whatever. It has no
power and will not have until it is organized and
the members are qualified, but we are. able to act.
I confess that I have been able to see nothing to
prevent us going on, if we choose to do so, instead
of considering ourselves as in the light of idle men
waiting for the other branch to organize. I think
we may go on and complete, so far as we can,
any business that we see fit to do. For myself,
I am of opinion that the sooner we proceed reg-
ularly to initiate and to complete, so far as we
may'find it necessaiy or convenient, the business
, we have to do here ill the passage of bills, so
I much more will be done, and the better for all
I concerned.
And, sir, I see no sort of objection to doing
what I suggested. Idonotmove,orrequesteven,
that anything of that kind shall be done, but it is
very manifest that there will be many things to
delay and to interfere with the course of business
in the present Congress; and if the Senate see fit
to do as it has done before, go on and complete,
so far as we can complete them, certain appropri-
ation bills and have tliem ready, it would unques-
tionably facilitate their passage very much. I
have no particular apprehension myself that the
House of Representatives will take any exception
to this course. If they do, it will be a formal
exception. It is not the same House that has
taken exception heretofore. Perhaps this is a
case which will show the House of Representa-
tives that they have been in error heretofore, and
that there may be cases in which it would be wise
for the Senate to initiate bills of that description.
It does not rest upon us on this side of the Cham-
ber, a minority as we are, to attempt to take the
control of business in any way. The responsi-
bility properly rests with the majority. I make
the suggestion in perfect good faith in reference
to the matter, and I think if the Senate is so dis-
posed, it may proceed, and much time may be
gained and much good accomplished by the course"
which 1 have suggested.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the second reading of the joint resolution to-
day ?
Mr. GWIN. I do not object; but I want to
say a few words on this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the views of the Senator
from Maine will be sustained by a majority of the
Senate. We certainly have not been doing very
useful business since the Senate met. The first
bill on the Calendar is one of great importance to
this nation. I have been, as anxiously as any
member of this body or the other House, waiting
to see a Speaker elected and this question solved,
so as to call up that bill for consideration. ' It is
one of more consequence to the people than any ,
question before Congress at this session—the
Pacific railroad bill—and if the views of the Sen-
ator from Maine prevail, I shall at once ask the
Senate to take up that question and dispose of it.
It has been before the Senate and the country for
a long while, and can require no great discussion
now.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I am perfectly
satisfied that it is always safer in a matter of
doubt to adhere to the Constitution, adhere to it
in its letter and in its spirit, and if in departing
from it, that departure only involves an irregular-
ity, nothing more, from such irregularities very
giave and dangerous precedents may creep into
the Government. Now, sir, I cannot understand
how the Senate can be recognized withinthemean-
ing of the Constitution as a constituent of "the
Congress" contemplated by the Constitution,
when the coordinate branch has 110 existence,
and it can have no existence until the coordinate
branch lias complied with the terms of its charter
and ours, by taking the oath which is intended
to bind them to the discharge of their trust.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator read
the clause?
Mr. MASON. Here it is:
" Tin; Senators and Re(l^esentatives before mentioned,
and the niembois of the several State Legislatures, and all
executive and judicial officers, both of the United States
and of the seveial States, shail be bound by oath or affirma-
tion to &upport this. Constitution."
Now, I do not see how there can be a House
of Representatives until they have complied with
this most important feature of the Constitution.
If there be 110 House o? Representatives, then
where do we stand? We are here assembled as
a Senate, and I presume we are clothed with all
the functions that are vested in the Senate alone;
but we are clothed with 110 legislative function
whatever, until there is a complete Congress.
Why, sir, suppose we pass a bill; we do not
know that that bill can be submitted to the House
of Representatives; and can it be that we have
the power to pass a bill when there is 110 House
of Representatives, necessary to constitute a Con-
gress, prepared to consider it ? They may or may
not be so prepared; but I do not see. that that
affects the argument of the question of the right
