496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18.
or power or safety of such a proceeding in our
position But even on the argument of conve-
nience, it is well known that the Senate, from
being a smaller body, is always in advance of the
House of Representatives in the actual business
of the country.
. I should regret exceedingly if we should take
a false step in this matter, and sot a precedent
that might bq fraught with danger hereafter. Sir,
the dangers to popular government are from ir-
regularity, from disregarding those matters that
are deemed merely as of form. There is no power
above us to correct our errors, except' our sepa-
rate constituencies, by some mode of separate
correction. There is no supervising power. It
is the more important, therefore, in my judgment,
that we should adhere closely and liberally, pre-
serving the spirit, as literal as possible to the
terms of the Constitution under which we are as-
sembled. I do not object to the second reading;
but if it is the desire of the Senate to put the joint
resolution on its passage, I object.
Mr. PEARCE. These scruples of the Senator
from-Virginia, sir, seem to me to be novel, and I
think not well founded. Certainly, the prece-
dents are against his view of the matter. Twice
within the last twelve years the other House has
failed to organize, as it has so far done at this ses-
sion; yet I do not recollect to have heard any ob-
jection made to the Senate undertaking legislative
business. On the contrary, both four years ago,
when a long struggle of some ten or twelve weeks
occurred in the House of Representatives, as also
in the case some years before that when Mr. Cobb
was finally elected Speaker, the Senate proceeded
with legislative business without the expression of
any scruple on the part of any member, so far as 1
recollect. I know that in the latter case they not
only discussed legislative business on the. present-
ation of memorials, but introduced resolutions
proposing inquiries into the, propriety of repeal-
ing or amending existing statutes. 1 do not recol-
lect that any bill was ever passed by the Senate
during the last of those occasions to which I have
referred, but I do know that legislative business
was entered upon, that discussion was had, and
that there weie such proceedings upon resolu-
tions as must be considered legislative; for the
consideration and reference of ,i resolution pro-
posing an inquiiy foi legislation is us much legis-
lative business as the final passage of a bill. We
cannot consummate any bill without the action of
the other House; but when we are organized and
they are not, it cannot be eonsideied a violation of
their privileges, or of any provision of the Con-
stitution,if we proceed to do that which is only our
part of legislation. There is no language m the
Constitution which piohibiisthe Senate from pro-
ceeding with its business while the House is un-
organized; and it would be a strange i onsti uefion
of the Constitution winch should lie thf hands of
the Senate, and prevent them from the perform-
ance of their duty, when their doing so could in
nowise deprive the House of its full influence on
legislation. So far as there is danger in the exam-
fle, or inconvenience to be apprehended from it,
think it is the other way. It would, at least, be
inconvenient for us to remain here for ten or twelve
weeks idle, and incapable of transacting business,
because the House cannot agree upon a Speaker.
I will not repeat the passages oitul from the
Constitution by other Senators, which are, in my
opinion, quite satisfactory; but I will add that,
while the Constitution requires an oath to support
the Constitution, it is only the law which directs
the time of taking it. The first act passed by the
First Congress directed the manner and time oi
taking the oath. For that Congress, it was re-
quired that the. oath should be taken in three days
after the passage of the,aet. The oath was to be
administered by any nvmbcr of the House to the
Speaker, and by him to the members, previous to
entering on any other business. Tins implies, as
has been suggested, that the House of Representa-
tives existed as such before the election of Speaker,
the law only forbidding other business till the
Speaker was chosen, and the members sworn.
Mr. BENJAMIN. One or two other consid-
erations suggest themselves to my mind which I
will throw out for the consideration of Senators.
First, I cannot see any possible distinction, as
regards the exercise of the power of the Senate,
between reading a bill once or twice or three times.
If we can read a bill at all, with a vmw of promoting
its final passage by the action of the Senate, I
cannot sec at what point we are to stop in the ex-
orcise of that power before we can be said to exer-
cise legislative power. We have taken up bills
without the suggestion of a doubt, referred them
to committees, examined them, read them once
and twice, and why not the third time? The legis-
lative power is vested in both branches of Con-
gress, to be sure. We do not assume to exercise
legislative powers exclusively of the other branch,
by beginning to act on bills. We exercise our
share of the legislative power, being organized as
a Senate, by passing bills. That is our share of
the legislative power. Our action is not complete
until the other House exercises its share of the
same power. It is obvious to every one that, if
there is no House without a Speaker, then if in
the course of the session the Speaker should die,
our hands would be tied at once until the House
should electa successor. I think thatwould hardly
be contended. When the Constitution says, in so
many words, that it is the House of Representa-
tives that is to elect its Speaker, it implies, with
an implication which it is impossible to contro-
vert, that that House exists as a House before the
Speaker is elected. What is the House of Rep-
resentatives now doing ? Attempting to exercise
a power which the Constitution vests only in the
House of Representatives. If it is a House of Rep-
resentatives for the purpose of electing a Speaker,
I submit that it is a House of Representatives in
contemplation of the Constitution, which makes
no distinction. This is the regular session of the
Congress of the United States, under the Consti-
tution, and it is the duty of the Senate to go on
with its business; and, unless some inhibition of
the Constitution can be found, either expressly
pi olubiting our action or doing so by a very neces-
sary implication, I cannot, I must confess, see the
force of the argument.
Mr. MASON. I do not design to prolong the
discussion, but I should like to^hear the Senator
on one proposition. There is no legislative power
vested in the Senate. The legislative power is
vested in " the Congress," and the Constitution
declares that the Congress shall consist of a Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, so that until
there is a Congress within the contemplation of
the Constitution, the legislative function contem-
plated does not arise. Neither House is clothed
with tht; power to legislate until a Congress is
formed, and the legislative power is then vested
in that Congress. That is the language of the
Constitution. If that be the true construction
which I have placed upon it, it follows, of neces-
sity, as a l-> ueal sequence, that we have no legis-
lative power until Uutrc is a Congress, and there
can be no Congress until the House of Repre-
sentatives have constituted themselves in such
way as to be prepared to discharge their functions
for joint legislation. That is my idea.
Mr. HALE. I do not rise, sir, to throw my
opinion into this discussion, but that of a much
weightier man than myself. By the third section
of the second article of the Constitution it is pro-
vided that the President
" yhall hom timo to time give to the Congress informa-
tion ot the state of the Union^ ,uul lueominend to their
fonsidcniTion "Uch measures as lie &liall judge necessary
dial expedient.*'
Mr. Buchanan lias adjudged that there is a Con-
gress, or else ho would not have undertaken to
perform this high function by sending his message,
because the Constitution only gives him power to
send it to Congress, and he has sent it to us as a
Congress. I do not know that the Vice President
was in the chair at the time to which I shall now
allude; but when this matter was Hi st introduced
bv a jesolution of the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pugii.] which he pros*. nted on the very
first or second day of the session—a resolution
which I thought contemplated legislative action—
I took this exception as a question of order upon
it, and upon the question of order a debate arose
exactly as wide as if the whole original resolution
was under discussion. I then consulted with some
members of the Senate who had been a long-time
here—I may mention the honorable Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Pi^arce] as one, and upon his
suggestion that the practice of the Senate had been
to consider legislative business, I withdrew the
point. I think there is great force in the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana. If we can do
anything that savors of legislation, why can we
I not do everything ? If we may read a bill the first
I time, why may we not read it the third ? It is as
i much a legislative act, as much a constitutional
act of legislation to read a bill the first time as the
j third time; because it cannot be passed until it
, has had three several readings, and we can only
| give the first reading to a bill, on the assumption
' that we are clothed with legislative functions. I
have no sort of feeling upon this subject; but I
think it would be well to establish a rule to guide
us, so that we may know how to proceed. I have
no desire that this bill should be the theme of any
discussion upon the subject, and I will withdraw,
if I may do so, the motion to have it passed at the
present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question can-
not come up in any form for decision by the Chair,
because the bill has been read once to-day, and
all subsequent proceedings must be by unanimous
consent. A single objection is sufficient at any
stage to stop it.
Mr. HALE. I ask the Vice President, then,
if it has not been read, if it has not had one of the
readings that the Constitution requires this House
of Congress should give the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has, without
objection.
Mr. HALE. Then I should like to have a
special committee appointed to find out where the
i constitutional difference is between reading it a
i firm and a second time.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
i fore the Senate is whether the Senate will give
j unanimous consent to the second reading of the
bill, it having been read once before, to-day.
Mr. BAYARD. Whether it can give unani-
mous consent?
; The VICE PRESIDENT. Whether the Sen-
; ate will give unanimous consent. If there be no
I objection, the Chair will direct the bill to be read
j a second time.
I Mr. BAYARD. There can be no obligation, I
| presume, to give unanimous consent in any case;
| but if the objection goes to the extent that the
j Senate cannot legislate after the day fixed by the
! Constitution for the assembling of Congress, until
j the House organizes, 1 cannot see the force of it
1 under the Constitution, meiely because the House
, happens not yet to be organized by the election
of Speaker. Our legislation is imperfect, doubt-
less; it goes for nothing if the House does not
organize and act on any bill or joint resolution
which we pass, but we are an organized body;
we are assembled under the express terms of the
Constitution on the first Monday of December,
no other day having been fixed by law for the
assembling of Congress, which Congress have
the power to do. We are therefore a legally or-
ganized body; we meet under the terms of the
Constitution; so far as the legislative authority is
invested in us, we have a right to go to the full
extent of our power; but of course no legisla-
tion can take place which would be binding on
the country in the shape of a law or a joint reso-
lution unless the House should subsequently
organize, and should act upon it, giving their
concurrence, and the President should also ap-
prove it.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that there is a ques-
tion which we are forced to settle; because, if we
have this power, we shall have to fcike up the Cal-
endar when we get through with the morning hour.
I am inclined to think, myself, we have the power;
and I- hope my colleague will withdraw his objec-
tion; because, I do not sec any mischief that could
arise out of our exercising it. It is true, the action
we take cannot be consummated until the House
agrees to it; but we may be preparing business,
digesting measures, debating them, and all that.
There is a certain amount of speaking on all these
questions.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to suggest to the
honorable Senator that, although we have the
power for which he and I contend, yet, if the
Senate see fit, in the absence of an organization
of the other House, to say they will not proceed
with any business beyond the leference of bills
and reports on them, that they will not pass bills
until the House organizes, on the ground that it
would be probably useless; of course, we can do
that. The majority can say they will not take up
any bills. We are not bound to take up bills and
pass them. The question of authority I have no
doubt about. The question of expediency, as to
