THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PBOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EI YES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1860.
New Series No. 32.
the propriety of going on with bills, is a perfectly
different question.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no doubt the Senate
may act on the expediency of the case, if they
choose, and do no business; but that would have
to be done by unanimous consent; for, if we are
clothed with legislative power, and have a Calen-
dar, we are obliged under the rules to go on with
it; unless, by unanimous consent, the" rules are
suspended. So we have to decide the question
whether we shall do so or not. I am inclined to
think we have the power to go on and legislate;
and I do not know that it is expedient not to
cxcrcisc it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill can only
bo road the sccond time by unanimous consent.
Conceding that the legislative power exists, it has
been read.oncc before 011 this day; and, if there
be no objection, the Chair will direct that the bill
be passed through its different stages.
_ Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion of power in the Senate must be a question of
constitutional law for the Senate itself to decide.
It does not resolve itself into a question of order
to be decided by the Chair. It would be imposing
a very undue responsibility, and in fact would be
making an altogether anomalous case, to transfer
the decision of such a question to him. It is upon
the rules of the Senate that the President of this
body is called upon to decide. He is not to de-
cide what arc its powers under the Constitution;
that is a question to be determined by resolution
of the body itself.
. Now, sir, it seems to me that the existence of
a House of Representatives cannot be considered
as depending on the existence of a Speaker. The
House of Representatives must exist before there
can be a Speaker. The Constitution itself ex-
pressly declares that the House of Representa-
tives shall choosc a Speaker. It is as much em-
ployed in its proper parliamentary business when
it is employed in the election of a Speaker, as it
is when it is employed in the consideration of a
bill. It would be a dangerous thing- for us to de-
termine that the Senate was paralyzed the instant
the chair of the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives became vacant. Suppose iheie had
been an election of Speaker, and, by any acci-
dent, the chair became vacant, by the death or res-
ignation of the Speaker, or by his appointment
to some other office, would that instantly suspend
the power of the Senate? Certainly not. It is
not the election of a Speaker that makes the House
of Representatives; and it would be strange if it
did. The House of Representatives is constituted
upon much more important principles—by an
exercise of authority on the part of the people in
electing its members, and 111 ihfiir coming together
—that makes the House of Representatives. The
language of the Constitution is:
''The Ilou^e of Representatives shall chouse their Speaker
and other officers."
It seems to me that that is conclusive. Our
powers now are perfectly complete, and we arc in
a position to exercise them to the uttermost. There
is a House of Representatives. True, it is with-
out a Speaker at this time. If it were without a
Clerk, would it cease to be a House of Repre-
sentatives? "Would that paralyze it ? The Consti-
tution says they shall choose their Speaker and
their other officers. Is the election of all those
officers essential to the existence of the House?
Certainly not.
It seems to me, sir, without enlarging at all on
this subject, that the Senate is capable of acting
to the uttermost of its powers. We can consum-
mate nothing in the way of legislation; but we can
act; and we have all the power to-day that we ever
shall have. Our power does not depend on the
election of a Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives.
Rut, sir, I should be disposed to pay great re-
spect to the considerations suggested by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] There is no
particular reason now—there may hereafter be,
and, therefore, I would preserve the power—why
we should proceed at any hazard of coming into i
32
any sort of collision or conflict with the House
of Representatives. It may be expedient, there-
fore, in that respect, to forbear the exercise of the
power; but of the power itself I have no question.
I think wc may exercisc all legislation now, as
well as after the House of Representatives shall be
completely organized, and we shall be formally
notified of that fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ma* President, I have
thought, since we assembled here, that all legis-
lative proceedings on the part of the Senate were
irregular and improper, and I fully concur with
what the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] has
said, that it is improper for us to be transacting
legislative business. The question is not, as
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
suggests, whether the House of Representatives
have elected a Speaker or not, or whether they
have elected all their other officers. That is not
the point. They may not have elected any of
their officers, nor a Speaker; but is there a House
of Representatives? What information has the
Senate that any body has assembled here in the
capacity of Representatives of the people > Sup-
pose that half or three fourths of the States of
this Union had not clcctcd a single Representative:
would it then be contended that the Senate could
go on with legislative business, because the first
Monday of December had arrived ? How do wc
know that five, ten, or any number of Represent-
atives have assembled in this Capitol to constitute
a House 3 It is not because there is not a Speaker
elected; but we have no evidence, no information
that there is anybody liere in the capacity of a
Representative attempting to organize the House
of Representatives; and this shows the impor-
tance of foims, which, when we come to trace
them to their source, will almost always be found
to have a meaning. The practice in all legisla-
tive bodies is, when one House is organized, to in-
form the other branch of the Legislature officially
that they are organized. This has not been done
in the present case. -There is no communication
from 0 House of Representatives to the Senate.
We have no knowledge officially that there is any
attempt to organize a House of Representatives;
and I should like to kn<5w of the Senator from
Kentucky, 01 any Senator that contends that we
have legislative power now, if he would contend
that we had that power in case not a single Rep-
resentative had been elected?
Mr. BAYARD. I will answer the Senator, as
far as I am concerned. I do not doubt as to the
question of authority for a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If no Representatives had
been elected?
Mr. BAYARD. I take it for granted that the
Senate of the United States will look at the terms
of the Federal Constitution. That pi escribes
that Congress shall assemble 011 the first Monday
in December, unless otherwise provided by law.
No law fixing a different dav for the meeting of
Congress is in existence. The legal presumption
is, that every public officer will do his duty. The
Senate will judicially notice the fact that elec-
tions of a majority of members of the House of
Representatives have taken place, so as to con-
stitute a body cnpablc of transacting business, if
they see fit so to do. The fact of their organi-
zation or not touches simply the question of ex-
pediency. Y^u judicially notice constantly the
fact ■whether members have been elected or not,
because the Constitution imposes on both branches
the duty of assembling on the first Monday in
December. We have the fact of the election,
which is the case the Senator put. Wc always
judicially notice the fact that members have been
elected, and always would notice it; and I can
sec no difficulty, 110 mischief, to arise out of it
whatever. I agree with'the honorable Senator,
011 the question of expediency, that it would
probably be unwise on the part of the Senate, or
perhaps useless, to procced to pass bills 111 the
present condition of things, because wn cannot
communicate those bills, when passed, to the
House of Representatives until it is organized;
but of the authority to transact business here on
and after the day appointed by the Constitution
for the meeting of Congress, and of the right' to
notice the fact that in obedience to the Constitu-
tion the States have electtM their Representatives,
and those Representatives are now assembled I
have no doubt.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware of any
such rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend from
Illinois allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend speaks of the
importance of forms. Suppose the House should
assemble and elcct a Speaker, and send us no
notice of it whatever—should decide that it would
not notify us of that election—could we take notice
of the fact? must wc wait until we were notified
before we proceed to legislate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We, perhaps, could as-
certain the fact in other ways. I do not mean to
be understood as saying that the mode which has
been adopted to notify us that the House is as-
sembled and organized, is the only one. I refer
to that to show that there is some meaning in this
form which is adopted in legislative bodies. It
is not absolutely necessary; wc could probably
ascertain the fact in some other way; but f in-
stance that to show that we must be informed of
it in some way. Now, if the Senator from Del-
aware is going out of the record and out of the
Constitution to take judicial notice of facts, then
1 say he judicially knows that there is no House
of Representatives, and I ask him if he can escape
from it? If he knows that members have been
elected to that House, he also knows that they
have not been sworn, and he knows that the Con-
stitution of the United States requires that to be
done before they can be a House. Then, if he
is going out of the rccord, he knows that there is
no body assembled hero as the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
answer me one question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator says that I know
the members elected to the other House have not
been sworn, and that it is necessary they should
be sworn to constitute a House. Then, when the
Constitution says the Speaker shall be elcctcd by
the House of Representatives, as they are not
sworn until the Speaker is elected, therefore no
•Speaker can be elected at all, if his doctrine be
right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me make this sug-
gestion to the Senator from Illinois: suppose the
House should meet and electa Speaker, and notify
us, and never should have been sworn at all,and
should go on to legislate, and we legislated with
them: would the legislation be good, or invalid?
Could wc not'pass a bill and send it to them under
such circumstanccs?
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, I will hoar all the
questions.
Mr. BAYARD. It is a suggestion, not an
argument, which may possibly accommodate his
views. I agree with him that forms are essential
in deliberative bodies. My view is, though, that
so far as any of our own action goes, when it
does not arrive at the point of consummation that
requires a communication to the other bod}7, it is
not material nor inexpedient that we should act
that far; but that it is inexpedient, until the House
is organized, that wc should act 011 the final pas-
sage of bills. I would therefore propose a reso-
lution of this kind, and I hope the Senate will
agree to it:
Resolved, That the Senate will not proceed to the third
reading of any bill or joint 1 evolution daring the present
session, until the organization of the House of .Represent
atives.
I think that will settle the question
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would be a matter
of expediency, undoubtedly; it doesnot go to the
question of poweratall. The Senator from Mam^
puts to me this question: Suppose the members of
