I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Territorial Policy—-Mr. Green.
Senate.
The prohibition must be " therein," and the
slavery "thereof." The prohibition therefore is
as much local to the State e< therein," as the
holding of slaves is to the State 44 thereofIs it
not palpably so? A proper construction of this
clause means this: it implies that each one of the
sovereign States may pass laws dispensing with
the use of slave labor. No such implication ap-
plies to any Territory, for the Constitution does
not so say, nor does any clause thereof permit any
such construction. Why then do I say that the
abolition of slavery is local 7 I say so because
all cases of abolition of slavery by States have
occurred since this Constitution was formed; and
I say so becausc the area within which slavery
is prohibited was created and enlarged by virtue
of the local right of the several States, specially
reserved in the Federal Constitution—for they
never transferred to Congress the right to control
the subject of property; tMfet right each of the
several States reservedfand it is recognized in the
clause which I have read, which admits that some
State might, in its locality, by virtue of its reserved
right, dispense with slavery, if it saw proper to do
so. In the process of time a large number of States,
the largest number, have dispensed with slavery;
but in each and every case this prohibition, in its
very terms, is confined to the locality enacting the
prohibition. No one, nor all, of these localprohibi-
tions have affected, much less changed, the con-
stitutional relations of the General Government
to the subject of slavery. As it was when the
thirteen slave States formed the Union, so is it
to-day.
Outside of the limits of those States, what is
the condition of the question ? The right to hold
slaves there is perfect under the Constitution.
Does the Constitution, then, establish slavery?
Does it exist by virtue of the Constitution? Is
its existence recognized by the Constitution ? I
shall not stop to quibble concerning words. 1 say
the right to carry slaves, or other property, into
a Territory, is a right which exists as the result of
the power for the acquisition of territories under
the Constitution of the United States. But for
that Constitution, territory could not have been
acquired. The moment territory was acquired,
it was subject to the authority and for the enjoy-
ment of all the citizens who compose the Federal
Union. Congress acquires territory for the Federal
Union, whose representative it is; it is for the
benefit of the Federal Union, and the sovereignty
of the territory is, therefore, with the Federal Gov-
ernment. But because the dominion of the terri-
tory is in the Federal Government, it docs not
follow, and is not true, in point of fact, that Con-
gress can do what it pleases with the territory.
The power of Congress is extremely limited and
circumscribed in the territory.
There is hardly a sovereign in the world but
what has limitations placed on his power. Queen
Victoria is the sovereign of Great Britain, and
Eet there are many limitations upon her power.
ouis Napoleon has limitations on his powei; and
there is not a sovereign of Europe but has limit-
ations. Even . an oligarchy have limitations on
their power. The mere fact of sovereignty exist-
ing does not indicate hov murh power that sov-
ereignty may exercise. Hence you will observe
the guarded language of the Supreme Court. They
say, Judge McLean says, and Judge Curtis also
says, while they arc contending for the authority
of Congress, that there are limitations and restric-
tions on it. So says the court in pronouncing
the judgment. Limitations aie not inconsistent
with sovereignty. So with all the States in this
Union; they are called sovereign, independent
States; yet they have voluntarily transferred to
the Federal Government certain of their powers.
Such they cannot exercise. Take this Federal
Union; it is sovereign within the sphere of its
action; yet the powers that it can exercise are ex-
ceedingly limited, specified,and pointed outin the
Constitution. No more were granted than were
deemed actually necessary to carry into execution
our system of Government in this Union. These
cannot be understood by the study cither of the
colonies, or of any of the confederacies in Europe
that ever have existed. It is peculiar to itself; it
is sui generis. It was originally an association of
thirteen States; it is now thirty-three.
In the cxercise of constitutional power wc ac*
quire territory. When acquired, it becomes the
common pi operty of all. This agen t has no power
given to it to prohibit slavery in the acquired
property, nor to make any discrimination in re-
gard to any kind of property taken to it. If not,
then the territory thus acquired must be held and
managed for the benefit of all. I do not find it
necessary to invoke that rule of law, which has
been sometimes introduced in this connection, that
a citizen going from one sovereignty into another
carries with him every right which is not pro-
hibited in that other. If he lias a right to a slave
in Virginia, and goes into a Territory where it is
not prohibited, he has a right to hold it there.
This is true as a rule of law; but I do not care to
invoke it; for I do not believe it is strictly appli-
cable. It is not for the reason that all the citi-
zens of all the States are under two complete
jurisdictions—the United States, within the scope
of the Federal Constitution, and the State, within
its limits and within the scope of its constitutional
power. Every citizen of every State is a citizen
of the two jurisdictions. He is a citizen of the
State as a State citizen, and he is a citizen of the
United States as a United States citizen. When
he leaves the State of Virginia, he ceases to be a
citizen of Virginia, but he is still a citizen of the
United States; and, if he goes into any part of the
United States, he does notget into a hostile sover-
eignty. He goes into another part of his own Gov-
ernment, ana he need not invoke the aid of the rule
of law, that he carries with him all rights not pro-
hibited. He is in simply another part of his own
Government. Suppose he goes from one part of
the country into another, say from Maine to Geor-
gia. When you go within the limits of a State, so
far as they have a right to act on those subjects,
you are subject to their State law; but when you
go into a'Territory, Congress has no power to
prohibit, but is bound to protect, without dis-
crimination, the property of all the citizens of all
the States. Congress cannot destroy one of the
elements of its own existence.
This Government is predicated upon slavery as
well as upon other property. It enters into tax-
ation, and unlike other property enters into repre-
sentation; and to take the slave element out of it
is lo make this a modified, changed, different, and
new Government. The Federal Government can-
not lawfully change its own character, impair its
own efficiency, nor lessen its own influence. If
you once determine that slavery is local to Vir-
ginia, to Kentucky, to Missouri, or any other
State that enacts it or permits it, then in viola-
tion of a common right to a common territory,
your slave territory is gone forever; slavery will
be confined to the limits to which it is at picsent
confined, and can never be permitted to extend.
The right to take slaves into a Territory, it being
a part of the domain of your own Government,
and not of a different Government, can be illustra-
ted thus: A ship sails from Boston or New York
on the high seas under the flag of the United States
representing, the Constitution, and with slaves on
board. The ship sails, not under any local law,
and of course is not subject to the law of Virginia.
What then ? Is the ship upon the ocean without
law? It lsprotectedbythcConstitutionofthcUni-
ted States. Why ? Because it is the property of a
citizen. But is it not, when on the broad ocean,
beyond the local law ? Yes. Then slavery is not
confined to nor solely protected by local law.
Where is the slave? He is on board the vessel.
What is that vessel in contemplation of inter-
national law that gives it this immunity and this
national protection ? It is considered by the prin-
ciples of international low, a part of the domaiii
of the United States. It is not considered as
part of the domain of Virginia, or Kentucky, or
Missouri, but it is a part of the domain of the
United States.
1 ask, if by afiction of law only, a vessel is called
a part of the domain, and yet, by virtue of it, the
Constitution extending overit jnotects your slave,
will not the same principle, for a still stronger
reason, prevail in the actual domain, the ter-
ritory of the United States? Look at your
treaties with England; look at every Indian treaty
you have ever made, and you will see whether
they have paid for slaves under the local law or
under the laws of the United States. When the
treaty was made at Ghent, and commissioner?
appointed, and difficulties sprung up on this sub-
ject, I recollect very indistinctly some of the cor-
respondence on the subject. The English com-
missioner said: " I cannot pay for slaves; I can-
not recognize property in man outside of the local
law." There was a dispute between the English
commissioner and the American commissioner
on this point. That dispute was referred by the
convention, I think, to the Emperor of Russia,
and he decided in favor of the United States, to
wit: that England should pay for all those slaves.
Mr. PUGH. That was not the point submitted.
There was no question about payment for the
slaves. That was stipulated for. The British
Government said they would pay for slaves car-
ried off. We claimed that they should pay for
those who ran off. The Russian Emperor decided
that slaves who ran off and took refuge with the
British should be paid for.
Mr. GREEN. That makes it still better for
me. That is a public admission that slavery is
not local; but that wherever you take the prop-
erty of a citizen you must make it good, whether
the place of capture was more than a marine league
from shore or not; whether the slaves were upon
the bosom of the great deep taken from a vessel
of the United States, under the flag of the United
States, or upon the main land, wherever it be, in-
demnity must be made.
Mr. ]?UGH. Those slaves were taken from
Maryland.
Mr. GREEN. Some of them were, but some
were not. Some wcie taken at sea. Now, sir,
no one will dispute the correctness of the princi-
ple I am stating, that your right of property in
slaves on board ship is perfect and complete. You
can only sustain that right by the process of rea-
soning to which I have referred, to wit: that it is
construed to be a part of the domain of the Union;
and, by parity of reasoning, if what is the do-
main of the Union only in fiction, will protect
your right, for a still stronger reason the actual
domain, the territory of the United States, will also
protect it. It is gratifying to me to be able to take
that position ana refer back to this same letter my
opponents misquoted, and show that I took that
same position ten years ago, in 1849. I then said
this:
l£ The duty and character of this Gsvcrnment, in afford-
ing protection to every kind of propcity, evciy where out-
aide of and beyond the local law, are truly and forcibly ex-
emplified in the case of slaves sailing upon the high seas.
A slave sailing under the flag of the United States, upon
the highway of nation*, and not under the influence of any
local law, is nevertheless protected as such by tiie Consti-
tution of the United States. By the principles of interna-
tional law, the vessel is considered as pari of the domain of
the Union—not of any particular State; and, being; part of
such domain ofthe nation, the slave is protected and secured
to the owner. Now, if the slaveholder's rights are protected
on the vessel—winch, by fiction of law, only constitutes part
of the domain—will not the same rights be equally entitled
to protection when in the actual domain—the territories of
the United States 1"
I trust, therefore, inconsistency will not be
chargod on mc any more. I am aware that the
northern people are frequently approached and
told that the South will be demanding a "slave
code." I will not impugn motives, but it looks
as if it was done to frighten them and drive them
to espouse the opposite doctrine of popular sov-
ereignty. Who raised the first cry of a "slave
code?" Who in the United States ever demanded
it of Congress before the Territories were invoked
to attempt to abolish slavery? Until that time
not a soul in or out of Congress, so far as my
recollection is concerned, ever said Congress ought
to intervene; and even now we say the moment,
you recognize the constitutional right, as determ-
ined by the court, wc shall need no more pro-
tection; the Territories will be obedient; the Ter-
ritories will cease to make the attempt, and we
shall need no legislation. But if we ao need it,
you must give it. It is our constitutional right.
If protection is required, and we see an actual
necessity, itis your duty to give us the protection
which the Constitution guaranties. After the
decision of the Dred Scott case, even Kansas and
Nebraska were content to move along, exercising
only the constitutional powers conferred by the
organic act; but since that time we see one ofthe
evil consequences of the agitation of this new
question. Nebraska, without a single slave within
her whole territory, introduced a bill, and tried
to pass it. abolishing slavery. They tried the
