498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
the House of Representatives were not sworn,
and -we should go on and pass bills: would they
not be valid laws ? That is a question, the argu-
ment of which I will not go into; but I will ask
the Senator from Maine another question, and as
both of us are Yankees, I take it I have a right to
put another question. I will ask him a question
in turn; and it is, whether lie, as a Senator of the
United States, sworn to support the Constitution
of the United States, will participate in putting
upon the statute-book, $s a law, anything that is
passed by a body of men not qualified to act?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator desire
an answer ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to hear the
answer; but I can anticipate what it will be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question whether I
am sworn or not, is a question of fact. If I am,
and if all the Senators are, I take it the Senate
can proceed to do the business that it is compe-
tent for them to do. They can send a bill to the
other House ; and if the House choose to act with-
out its members being sworn, we cannot help it.
We should not omit our duty simply because they
are not in a condition, or do not choose to put
themselves in a condition, to do theirs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question that I put
is not met. It is, whether my friend from Maine
will aid in putting upon the statute-book, as a
legitimate law of this country, that which he
knows has not been passed by the competent au-
thority? Suppose a bill comes from the House
of Representatives, and he knows that the House
is not organized and the members are not sworn;
I ask if he is willing to participate in making that
a statute upon the statute-books of the coun-
try ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer. If the
House, under such circumstances, the members
not being sworn and 1 knowing the fact, should
send up a bill here, I might hesitate about acting
upon it, and might insist that all the forms of the
Constitution should be complied with before I
would act; but that would not affect the right of
the Senate to originate a bill and pass it here;, if
tiiey ehosc to do so. Now that 1 have answered
directly the question which the Senator put to me
by way of answer to mine, will he please to an-
swer mine? Suppose the House should so send
a bill, and we should pass it, and it should be
signed by the President: would it be a good and
valid law? That is my question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not think it would.
In my judgment, it would not be a law unless it
was passed by a Congress; and in that ease it
would not bo passed by a Congress. There might
be a difficulty in getting at the fact; perhajjs the
courts might find some difficulty in going behind
the signature of the officers; but I think they would
find some way, as courts are very likely to do, to
administer right and justice; and on the principle
that courts will take hold of a fraudulent trans-
action wherever they can find it, no matter how
much it may be covered up m the forms of law,
I take it they would find some way to get rid of
an instrument which had merely the signature of
the Piesident and the Presiding Officers, but had
no reality in it as a law.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. With the permission
of the Senator from Illinois, as he seems disposed
to answer a great many questions, 1 will put one
to linn. The gentleman supposes that the mem-
bers _of the other House are not sworn, I ask
him if that is a subject of senatorial inquiry at all?
The Constitution declares that" each House shall
be the judge of the elections, returns, and qualifi-
cations of Us own members;" and "each House
may defeimine the rules of its proceeding*, pun-
ish its members for disorderly behavior, and, with
the concurrence of two thirds, expel a member.
If a member should intrude himself there, and
undertake to act without having taken the neces-
sary oath, I presume the House would regard it
as disorderly conduct on his part; just as much so
as if you or I were to sit there aiul undertake to
act. They would have a right so to consider it;
and it is their business, and their exclusive busi-
ness, to judge of theii own proceedings, and of
the proper order to be observed in their proceed-
ings, and of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of their members, f-fow the gentleman can
possibly have a question of inquiry into that here,
i cannot conceive. The gentleman says we know
it. Sir, we are precluded from considering it at
all; and we are bound by constitutional and legal
presumption to regard as duly qualified every
member of the House who acts there. So every
court would say; and so this Senate would say.
- Mr. TRUMBULL. The remark which I made
as to having notice that they were not sworn, was
in reply to the Senator from Delaware, who said
we could take notice of the fact that the members
had been elected; to which I replied, that if we
could notice that fact, we could also notice, out-
side the fact, that they were not a House, because
they were not sworn. I do not suppose that it is
competent for the Senate to inquire into the quali-
fications of the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives at all. I did not use the illustration m
that way. I referred to it in reply to the Senator
from Delaware, to meet his suggestion.
I stated that there was some importance in those
forms which are observed in legislative bodies,
and that we had no official notice that a House of
Representatives had assembled at all, or even had
been elected. I think we should ascertain that
fact in some shape—not necessarily, perhaps, by
a communication from them, as the Senator from
Maine asks; but if we got that information in any
way, probably it would be sufficient. Without
any such information, however, and when, if we
are to resort to the knowledge which we all have
as individuals outside of our legislative capacity,
we know that no House of Representatives exists,
it seems to me that we arc not a Congress in the
contemplation of the Constitution; and I think
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] has very
well and very clearly stated what there is in this
question.
I did not rise with the view of making any ex-
tended remarks, or getting into a controversy with
other members of the Senate, but barely to express
what my own view had been from the commence-
ment. 1 suggested it quietly to some of my brother
Senators, but supposed that those who had been
longer here and had more experience had prob-
ably looked into it and arrived at a different con-
elusion; but as the question came up this morning
in the Senate, I thought that I would barely express
what my viewm regard to it was The whole mat-
ter, in my judgment, is covered by the first section
of the fn .st article of the Constitution, which pio-
\ ides that "all legislative powers herein granted
shall be vested m a Congress of the United States."
There is no legislative power anywhere else: it is
not vested in the Senate of the United Slates. And
then the Constitution fuither declares that the
Congress £< shall consist- of a Senate and House
of Representatives.'* There must be a House of
Representatives. I do not say they must have a
Speaker; I do not say they must have clerks; but
there must be a House of Representatives, and
we ought to know that fact in some way, before
we proceed to do legislative bushuss here; for we
are but a part of the legislative body, and I think
it is irregular for us, in this manner, to do legis-
lative business. I do not know that any advant-
age could be taken of it—probably there < ould not
be. If we went on and passed a bill through its
first, second, and third readings, and the House
of Representatives should hemUtci organize, and
take up that bill and pass it, and the Executive
should sign it, it would, perhaps, be a valid law;
but still, as Senators, whose duty here it is to ob-
serve the Constitution and not to do business m
an unconstitutional way, I think it improper that
we should transact any legislative business until
we know, in some form, that there is a House of
Representatives.
Mr. HALE. What is the question before the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has not
arrested the discussion, but the Senator from New
Hampshne having withdrawn his request that
the bill should receive its second leading by unan-
imous consent to-day, there is nothing before the
Senate.
Mr. HALE. Then, I think there has been
enough said on it, sir. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYAIID. If it is m order, I purpose
offering the resolution which I mentioned. I can-
not see that there is any force in the objections
which are urged, or any question as to the con-
stitutional authority of the Senate to act to the
extent of their powers as a coordinate branch of
the Legislature, under the Constitution; but there
is, as regards the question of form, a propriety in
not passing to the final consummation any legis-
lative action, so far as we are concerned in its
validity,because that has to be communicated to
the House of Representatives, and, until we are
officially informed of the organization of the
House, it might not be exactly pioper to pass a
bill for the purpose of sending it to them. That,
however, is a question of expediency alone, in
my judgment. It is true that the legislative power
is vested in a House of Representatives and a
Senate,but it is a non scquitur to say that because
it is vested in them and no law can be made with-
out the concurrence of them both and the approval
of the President, therefore the Senate cannot per-
form its dutiesas a coordinate branch for the reason
that the House is not yet organized, although the
day fixed by the Constitution for the assembling
of Congress has arrived. I am unable to see the
force of the arguments applied to the question of
authority. On the question of*expediency, I think
the line falls properly where I mentioned. No
mischief can follow, no injury to the public ser-
vice can result, but on the contrary the business
of the body will be facilitated by the course I have
suggested. We can enter upon bi\siness and get
bills ready for discussion. We can get- on with
them as far as their third reading, which is the
time at which their merits arise for discussion.
We can confine ourselves by our own resolution,
in point of form, in that respect, until we have offi-
cial knowledge of the organization of the House.
Of its existence we must take judicial notice, be-
cause under the Constitution we must presume
that the people of the different States have per-
formed their duty and elected their Represent-
atives. We must take notice of the fact that in
the other wing of the Capitol there is a body of
men assembled who claim to be members of the
House of Representatives; and as the Constitu-
tion authorizes and requires them to assemble at
the same time that we do, we have a right to ju-
dicially notice the fact that they are lawfully as-
sembled, and that they are engaged now in their
appropriate and distinct duties as a coordinate
branch of the Legislature—that is, organization
by the election of their Speaker and other officers.
I submit this resolution, if it is in order now,
with a view to terminate what is perhaps other-
wise a profitless debate.
Resolved, That until notice shall have been received from
the Ilousf! of llt'pie&entatives of its organization, the Sen-
ate will not proceed to the third reading of any bill or joint
resolution, oi the final action on any business requiting the
concunence of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution lies
over, objection being made to its present consid-
eration.
Mr. DAVIS. There is nothing before the Sen-
ate, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and re-
ports are in order.
REPORTS OV COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs and Militia have had before them a memorial
of A. B. Thompson and others, citizens of Cali-
fornia, praying remuneration for horses*, mules,
cattle, provisions, and stores, taken by officers of
the Army and Navy in the conquest of California,
under a promise of payment by the United States.
It appears that this case has been before the Court
of Claims, and adverse decisions rendered; and
the Committee on Military Affairs, therefore, think
it more appropriate that it should go to the Com-
mittee on Claims, because of the relation existing
between that committee and the Court of Claims.
I therefore move that the Committee on Military
Affairs be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George H. Derby,
lieutenant of topographical engineers, praying the
enactment of a law providing for the retirement
from active service of officers who have become
disabled, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, a bill having been reported on the
subject; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Cleveland,
Ohio, praying that pensions may be allowed to
the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812, and to
the widows of those deceased, asked to be dis-
charged from its fuither consideration, and that it
