1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
499
be referred to the Committee on Pensions; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Michigan,
praying that pensions may be granted to the sur-
vivors of the war of 1812, and to the widows of
those who have died or may hereafter die, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee-on Pen-
sions; which was agreed to.
He, also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the bill (S. No. 45) to authorize the
sale of public arms to the several States and Ter-
ritories, and to regulate the appointment of super-
intendents of the national armories, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of William D. Moseley, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 89) for the relief of
William D. Moseley. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be piinted.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the preamble and
resolution of the Legislature of Florida, in rela-
tion to the claims of Isaac Welch and other citi-
zens of Florida, to reimbursement of expenses in-
curred as witnesses in behalf of the United States
under summons of the United States marshal,
reported adversely thereon.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAUN. I aslc the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill for the purpose of
reference.
Mr. HALE. I object, on the ground that we
cannot entertain legislative business. I do not
object to the bill being introduced, but to the first
reading of it.
Mr.HAUN. Exactlythesameorderforwhicli
I now ask, has been made on other bills this morn-
ing. I cannot see the objection.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will excuse me a
moment, of course I do not mean to say anything
personally offensive to him or his bill; but the
question we have been discussing here to-day
could not be raised on my joint resolution, be-
cause it was on its second reading, and it required
the unanimous consent of the Senate. My ground
is, that if we cannot read a bill a second or third
time, we cannot read it the first time; and I sim-
ply want to raise that question before the Senate;
that is all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator does
not object to the introduction of the bill, the Chair
thinks it may be read the first time.
Mr. GWIN. The bill may be read once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
rules the objection of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, unless he objects to the introduction of the
bill.
Mr. HALE. I shall be obliged to the Chair
if he will state the ground of the decision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The decision is,
that the bill may bo read a first time to-day.
Mr. DAVIS.- The Senator cannot object to the
reading, if he. does not object to the introduction.
Mr. HAUN. I hope the question will be de-
termined by the Senate whether the bill shall be
read a first and second time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read the first time to-day, unless there be objec-
tion. The Senator may object to the second
reading.
Mr. HALE. I do not appeal.
The bill (S. No. 88) to provide for a Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs for Washington Terri-
tory, and additional Indian agents, was read a
first time, and ordered to a second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill will be read a second time.
The bill was read the second time, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. LANE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the con-
struction of a military road from Fort Benton to
Walla-Walla.
PAPERS IN TIIE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the consent of the
Senate to withdraw from the Court of Claims the
petition of Richard Fitzpatrick, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
_ Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to interpose an objec-
tion to that, or rather to make an inquiry as to it.
I desire to inquire of the Senator from Florida,
by what authority the Senate can withdraw from
the Court of Claims a question there pending?
Mr. MALLORY. The practice has been re-
peatedly resorted to here, to withdraw from the
Court of Claims cases which have been referred
there by this body. This petition was referred
by the Senate to the Court of Claims without any
reason for doing so. There is no question m the
petition on which the court can decide. There is
no legal question in it. It was purely a matter of
equity. ♦
Mr. HAMLIN. I was not aware that any
such case had been presented. It would suggest
itself immediately that if the Senate shouldrequest
the court to return the papers, they would do so
if they saw fit; but the power of the Senate to
withdraw them I think does not exist. However,
I do not interpose any objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida moves to withdraw the petition of Rich-
ard Fitzpatrick from the Court of Claims, and refer
it to the Com mittcc on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the consent will not be
given. The Court of Claims has been provided
to examine claims arising for compensation or re-
muneration. Wherever there is an existing law,
tliey are the best judges, better prepared to exam-
ine and hear testimony than a committee. Where
there is no existing law, let them report the fact.
Then an appeal niay be made to the Senate, and
it may be sent to a committee. I greatly prefer
that all claims relating to money should first go to
the Court of Claims.
• Mr. MALLORY. As the chairman of that com-
mittee which will have the investigation of this
matter prefers that course, 1 will readily waive my
request. It is a pure question of equity, and not
of law at all, and was referred there by an error.
I withdraw the motion, however.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn,
if there is no further business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to put a resolution before the Senate as soon
as the Secretary makes the proper entries.
Mr. HALE. That is not important. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. I suggest that there ought to
be a short executive session.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 18, 18G0.
The House met ut twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated the pending question to be
on the admissibility of the resolution proposed
yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Hutching,] on which the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. McPvae] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. McRAE moved that there be a call of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; when the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Bonliam, Boyce, Brown, Buinham, Iloiaee F.
Claik, Clemens, Ciaik B Coclnane, John Cochrane, Dnn-
mick, Duell, Edmundson, Floicncc, Hall, John T. Hams,
Ilaskin, Jackson. Jenkms, Kunkel, Reynolds, Sickles,
Stalhvorth, Stevens, Stevenson, and Van Wyck.
On motion of Mr. WINSLOW, all further pro-
ceedings under the call were dispensed with.
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Clerk, I had proposed on
yesterday evening to address a few remarks to
the House—tore\ie\v to some extent the positions
taken by gentlemen on the other side, not only in '
the discussion of yesterday, but the positions j
taken by gentlemen on days previous. I have, i
however, on a former occasion addressed the i
House at large; and have occasionally, from time j
to time, participated in the debate, There are j
other gentlemen here who perhaps desire to be
heard, and I am myself willing to give way.to any
gentleman who has not occupied any .of the time
of the House since our meeting. I shall not there-
fore proceed with the remarks I had intended, but
will yield the floor to my friend from Alabama,
[Mr. Cloptoh,] who I believe lias not occupied
any of the time of the House since its meeting,
Mr. CLOPTON obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call now for
a vote upon the proposition which the Clerk has
submitted.to the House; and I contend that upon
that question no debate is in order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
was recognized by the Clerk.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Precisely; but
I rise to a question of order, and call for the execu-
tion of the subsisting order of the House. I sub-
mit that we are obliged to vote upon the propo-
sition pending, without debate and without delay.
I insist upon the execution of the order of the
House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The House
has refused to do that time and again. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania several days ago made
the point that nothing else was in order, except
to proceed to the election of Speaker. It was
then held by the House that that proposition could
not be entertained, for the reason that there was
already a pending question before the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The proposi-
tion was submitted some time ago, and the atten-
tion of the Clerk was called to the law. The
point was waived then, and lias, been waived, I
know, for a long time; but the time has now come
when we ought to enforce the law which governs
us in this regard. I hold, from the authorities
read yesterday, that any man has the right to in-
sist upon the standing order of the House. Dur-
ing the Banks contest, in 1854, the House pro-
ceeded, as I have noticed, my attention havingbeen
called to the fact since the adjournment yesterday
—I say, during tile whole of that campaign, the
House acted upon the principle that it was a stand-
ing order to vote for Speaker, and the House pro-
ceeded to vote upon the call by members, without
the motion having been made that (he House pro-
ceed to the election of Speaker. It was regarded
as a question of such high privilege that even a
motion was not considered necessary for the Clerk
to proceed to call the roll.
I find, further, that a motion for a plurality res-
olution was offered in some twenty instances, and
that it was always regarded as in order and over-
riding all other propositions. It would seem that
other propositions, when they were entertained,
were entertained because there was no objection,
and by unanimous consent entertained and dis-
cussed because it was known that nothing would
come of any other action—plurality resolutions,
if offered, would be tabled, and votes for Speaker
result in no choice. So, sir, it appears, and £
thank the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bur-
nett] for calling my attention to the fact—it ap-
pears, I say, from the record of that Congress that
the position which we have taken was recognized
as a correct one: that a motion for the plurality
rule was in order, and was entertained and received
and acted upon at all times, no matter what other
propositions might be before the House. It ap-
pears, also, that theelection of Speaker was of such
high privilege, that it was not necessary to make
a motion to proceed to that business—that the
motion of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, at the first
day of the Congress referred to, (and the motion
of Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, at the first day of
this session, is precisely the same,) operated as a
standing order of the House, under the parliament-
ary law, the law of Congress, and the Constitu-
tion; and that nothing was necessary except the
demand for a call of the roll. Thus there is not.
the slightest inconsistency between the course of
the Republicans in 1855-5G and the position they
now occupy; but the records of that time confirm
us in what we now demand. in the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, whenever it was found that a "majority
was not present 
Mr. McRAE. I insist that the gentleman from
Alabama lias the floor, and that the gentleman
from Maine has no right to take it from him.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 am stating
my point of order. If the gentleman will wait, 1
will get through in a few moments.
