I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Policy—Mr. Green.
Senate.
misconception, I make this explanation: that I
used the term "sovereignty 5' not in its original
full sense, but as expressive of jurisdiction only.
Mr. PUGH. As the Senator is making an ex-
planation, I hope he will explain one step further.
Does he use the phrase "jurisdiction " as equiv-
alent to "legislative power'"' It has been fur-
thermore suggested to me by the Senator from
Maine, to ask him where he thinks this jurisdic-
tion originated: what is the source of it?
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, 1 have no diffi-
culty in answering any of those questions. When
I say thejurisdiction over the Territory is in the
Federal Government, I mean it is in the whole
Government, to be exercised either through the
legislative branch, the executive branch, or the ju-
dicial branch, or the three combined. The ex-
ecutive has power to protect with the Army and
the Navy, the judiciary has the power to adjudi-
cate, and Congress has the power to legislate; but
neither of the three, nor the three combined, have
unlimited power. There are restraints and re-
strictions placed upon thom that neither one dare
transcend; and, if 1 am asked the source of power,
although it is notpertment to the present questrbn
under discussion, I can answer that with equal
facility. The source is a necessary incident to
the power to acquire. X/
Now, Mr. President, I will proceed t¥answer
the arguments that have been brought forward in
support of the doctrine of " popular sovereignty."
I answered a number of them yesterday briefly
and in a hurried manner. I shall not travel back-
ward and review what I then said; but 1 shall
take up some other points that I deem material to
the proper understanding of this question. I find
this argument used:
" Either that the Terntories have no legislative powers,
and consequently no right to make laws upon any subject,
or that they have soveieign power over all ughttul subjects
of legislation consistent with the Constitution of the United
Status, as defined in the organic acts, without excepting
slavery."
It will be observed from a proper consideration
of this position, that the power in the Territory
is claimed as being derived from the organic act;
for it is said that the Territories have " the sover-
eign power over all rightful subjects of legislation
consistent with the Constitution of the United
States, as defined in the organic act." If this posi-
tion means anything, it means that this sovereign
power is derived from the organic act. Now I
ask, is it possible to transfer sovereignty by any
act of legislative power? Is it possible for Con-
gress to delegate sovereignty by any legislative
or congressional act? and further, when it is an
admitted point between those who are discussing
this question, that Congress has not the power to
prohibit slavery in the Territories, could it in pass-
ing an organic act possibly transmit a power that
it did not itself possess? Yet this argument here
is predicated on the idea that sovereignty has
sprung up by virtue of the organic art passed by
the Congress of the United States. I answer it m
two ways by repetition; first, that sovereignty
is incapable of transfer by act of Congress; and
second, that Congress can transfer no power it
does not possess. The Territory, then, according
to this argument, has no power except that which
is conferred by the organic act. If the legislative
power of Congress has been transferred to the
Territory, it does not include the power to pro-
hibit slavery. And here permit me to ask one
question: Why is it that sovereignty is invoked,
or that certain attributes of sovereignty are in-
voked, and just enough of sovereignty claimed to
prohibit slavery, but nothing else ? It is said t$> bo
limited and includes nothing but a few attributes.
It is just enough to strike at slavery and break
it down, and no more. I am surprised that it
should be invoked for such a purpose when the
Supreme Court has already decided that Congress
cannot itself perpetrate the act, far less authorize
another to do it
Ifpopular-sovereignty doctrine is to prevail in
the Territories as the settled policy of this Gov-
ernment, then, indeed, is the South surrounded;
then, indeed, is the South hampered up; then, in-
deed, will the policy of the Senatorfrom Vermont
prevail to confine slavery to its presentlimits, until
it becomes so unprofitable, or so dangerous, that
the people will be forccd to emancipate. And when
forced to emancipate the slaves, they will either
exterminate the whites or the whites will exterm-
inate them; or one class or the other will be driven
from the country; and, when thus driven from the
country, the fairest portion of this glorious Union
will be given up to pillage, to ruin, and decay.
I undertook, yesterday, to quote the honorable
Senator from Ohio, and he corrected me, as he had
a right to do; and, as in duty bound, I took his
correction. I find the reporter has made a great
mistake in reporting his speech. I call his atten-
tion to it, in order that the reporter may have it
right the next time. I represented him as having
said that squatter sovereignty had its first exercise
in the formation of the constitution of California.
I understood him so; but he corrected me yester-
day, and said he only said it was then first used
as a term. Here is what he is reported to have
said in his speech:
"Havingread to the Senate the non-intervention plat-
form of Georgia, 1 piopose next to read the squatter-sover-
eignty platfoim of California."
He reads it, and then says:
"Mr. President, it was veiy appropriate that California
should speak in these words ; for this very odious epithet,
which is used to frighten men from their propriety, this
phrase 'squattersovereignty,'was invented for her benefit.
It was applied to her; she was the first case ; and it was
applied to the formation of her State constitution, m which
the Senatorfrom California himself so largely participated."
Mr. PUGH. I will say to the Senator that I
didnotrevise the report of the speech in the Globe,
but he will see what I meant. I say the phrase
began with the case of California, and it was ap-
plied to the formation of a State constitution, and
not to any question of territorial government.
Mr. GREEN. I understand that, in the appli-
cation of the term; but then he says the thing
itself was first exercised there. Thus:
" She was the first case, and it was applied to the foiill-
ation of her State con.>titution."
Mr. PUGH. I meant the phrase was applied
to her. If I used the language, it did not truly
convey my meaning. I "think the context ex-
plains it.
Mi. GREEN. I shall not press that point.
The Senator has a right to construe his own lan-
guage, and T, of course, claim the same right my-
self. But in support of this new theory of pop-
ular sovereignty m the Territories, reference has
been made to the colonies and to the efforts of
Virginia to intercept the slave trade while Vir-
ginia was yet a colony. What argument is to be
deduced from that? What position necessarily
results from it? Does it prove that all colonies
have the right to prohibit slavery in their own
limits? 1 say it does not; because they were
striking at the slave jurisdiction over which
has been transferred to the Federal Government.
The colonies of Virginia and Massachusetts,
and I may include the whole thirteen, had no
reference to the emancipation of their slaves within
their own borders, and they did not gain, nor
desire to gain, the privilege of emancipating the
slaves then held by their own citizens in their own
limits. They did regard the foreign trade as dan-
gerous, and they said in their petition to the throne
that bringing in savages from the coast of Africa
while they were surrounded by Indian savnges,
endangered their peace and security. Half of the
argument they then used against the trade has
ceased to apply; yet I do not make use of that ex-
pression for the purpose of encouraging the idea
that the slave trade ought to be reopened—not by
any means. All I ask is, let us alone, and let the
constitutional rights of all sections of the country
prevail; and if there be a doubt or a dispute, as
there once was, as to the extent of those consti-
tutional rights, let them be determined by the
Supreme Court, and let all parties bow with due
submission to the judgment that may be thus pro-
nounced. Whether that court be the most im-
maculate or not; whether it be the most profound
or not; whether it be the most learned or not;
vet, in the conduct of human affairs, there must
be some tribunal for us to appeal to in the last
resort, else no question will ever be settled, and
contention, strife, and difficulty will surround us.
This is the one tribunal, appointed by the Con-
stitution for that purpose. It has performed its
functions, heretofore, in a manner satisfactory to
the American people. Let us bow and submit
to it hereafter.
But, sir, why is this idea of striking at the ilave
trade brought in ? Does it prove that the Terri-
tories now have all the rights that the colonies
then complained of, as against the throne of Eng-
land? If so, the levying of duty on tea is all
illegal, and the levying or taxes without the Ter-
ritories being represented is also all wrong, and
the Territories have the right to throw open their
ports and bring in their goods free of duty! If the
argument amounts to anything, it proves that far
more complaint was made over tea than was ever
made over the importation of Africans; more com-
plain t was made over taxation than was ever made
over the subject of slavery. Why, then, is this
one subject, "slaverysingled out and paraded
before the public mind, to say that the colonies
complained of the importation of Africans? They
did complain, but they complained of many other
things. If the mere fact that they made that com-
plaint proves that our Territories have the right
to do as they please on the subject of slavery, then
it proves, by the same process of reasoning, that
they have the right to do as they please in regard
to the subject of taxation. Who takes that gro und ?
Not one solitary Senator on this floor, and not one
citizen of the United States; and hence it illus-
trates the utter fallacy of the argument.
But the public have been told, "if the Territo-
ries want slavery they will have it; and, if they
do not want slavery, they will not have it." That
is very plausible in the manner of its presentation,
but it is full of gall and bitterness when you apply
it to the taste. And why? Those who use that
argument tell you slavery is local, and cannot go
beyond the border of a State. Very well. If it
cannot go beyond the border of a Statu into the
Territory prioi to organization, or after organiza-
tion without protection, nobody will go there ex-
cept those who do not own slaves; and when they
come to the determination of the question, there
will not be an interest sufficient to justify the adop-
tion ofthelawofholdingslaves. 'Theconsequence,
the inevitable consequence, will be—not another
slave State, no expansion of the South, no outlet
to the South; but cramped and confined within her
present limits, she may prosper for a while, but
she will ultimately languish for the want of the
power of expansion.
T say it is very plausible, but at the same time
it is not very ingenuous. " Slavery if they want
it, but no slavery if they do not want it." To
present this question in its proper light, and to
have the fair test, would be according to the de-
cision of the Supreme Court. Let all go accord-
ing to natural desire; let them depend upon climate,
production, and vocation; let each be protected
until the time arrives for them to make a decision
of this question; then they have a fair opportunity,
if they wantslavery, to have it; and if they do not,
nobody wants it there. This catch-phrase which
has been so often repeated, and which I have re-
gretted to seestatesmen use, about " choking slavery
down the throats of the people of the Territories,53
is to me most ridiculous, if not quite contemptible.
Choking it down the throats of the people ! There
is not a single man in the United States who de-
sires it; ?md I repeat, to the people of the North
and of the South, of the East and the West, there
is not a man, woman, or child, white or black, in
the United States, that ever had such an idea.
Why, then, is this thing dwelt upon except to
stir up the feelings and excite the passions of the
northern people? I say to the North distinctly
what I desire, distinctly what I believe the Con-
stitution justifies me masking. Further than that,
I do not go. 1 deceive them not,and I do not in-
tend to be misrepresented by this catch-phrase cal-
culated to excite bad feeling in the northern mind.
Who desires to choke slavery down the throat
of the people of a Territory ? Nobody. A man
may go from Massachusetts and settle in a Ter-
ritory; from Virginia, and settle there likewise;
and both may pursue their own business in their
own way. If they find it to their interest to own
slaves, tlie Constitution has said they have that
right. Let them own slaves if they choose; and
by the time the population gets numerous enough
to justify them in forming a State government,
they will have sufficiently tested the question
whether it is adapted to slave labor or not. It
docs not hurt the North to expand slavery. Mad-
ison said and Jefferson said that as the removal of
