BOO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Mr. McRAE. I will not wait; for the gentle-
man from Alabama has the floor, and the gen-
tleman from Maine has usurped his position.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I suppose that
I have the right to state my point of order.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman has not the right;
that is the point I make.
- Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. On reflection,
I am satisfied that I have not the right, and that,
strictly speaking, no gentleman upon this floor
has the right t6 debate, under the circumstances
now existing, a point of order even, for the par-
liamentary law requires us to proceed, without
debate and without delay. I agiec with what has
been said by the gentleman from Mississippi.
Nothing, in strictness, is now m order, but to vote
on the proposition before the House.
Mr. McRAE. I am glad that I have convinced
the gentleman of one thing.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman from Ala-
bama lias the same right to debate a point of order
that the gentleman from Maine has.
The CLERK. The question before the House
is upon the admissibility of the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hutciiixs;] and on
that question the gentleman from Alabama is en-
titled to the floor. The gentleman from Maine
raises the question that the point of order is not
debatable.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That is
debatable.
The CLERK. The impression of the Clerk is
that, under the parliamentary law, the question is
debatable. If objected to, however, the Clerk will
not make that decision.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I insist on the
point I have taken. I desire that the Manual may
be road from page 79.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. How can
the gentleman from Maine multiply his points of
order? Iunderstand that the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi had the floor, and yielded il to the gentle-
man from Alabama; and that the latter gentleman
is now entitled to it upon the point of order raised
yesterday. The gentleman from Maim- desiies
to accumulate points of order; and now rai.sos the
point that it is not in order to discuss the ques-
tion whieh was discussed all day yesterday. The
gentleman from Maine cannot take the floor from
the gentleman from Alabama in any such way as
that, and it is not to be submitted to.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to say to
the House that under the authority referred to by
the gentleman from Maine, the gentleman from
Maine cannot take the, floor from the gentleman
from Alabama to make his point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the Clerk
read the Manual ?
The CLERK. The Clerk will read the portion
of the Manual to whieh the gentleman from Maine
has called the attention of the House:
<c Older* of the day take phcc of all other que .tion<«, ex-
cept for adjournment—that is to ^ay, the question whieh is
the subjcct of' an ordei i> made a jHivileged onc,^ o hat
vicc. The older n a repeal of the jieneial lule a.i to tin*
special catc, When any metnbei moves theiefoie, for the
order of the day to he read, no iurthcr debate permitted
on the question which wa-' before the House ; <oi if the de-
bate might proceed, it mi^ht continue thioujjh the day, and
defeat the order. This motion, to entitle it to precedence,
must bo loi thu oulcr& gunci.iUy, and not l\n any partu-nlai
one; and ii it he earned on the question i whether the
House will now proceed to the oidei^ of the day,' they
mu^t be lead,and proceeded on in the com-se m which they
stand, tor prionty of outorftiv.^puority o1 unlit, which can-
not be taken away but by another special oHler."1
That does not allow the gentleman from Maine
to take the floor from the gentleman from Ala-
bama, to make his point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is from
page 94, What i asked to be read is on page 71).
The CLERK. The Clerk will read from page
79:
" The only case where a memhci has a risht to insist on
anything, i-> wheje he calls for the execution of a sub^inting
order of the House. Iiere,theie bavins been already a res-
olution, any persoa has a right to msi&t that the Speakei,
or any other who*c duty it is, f-hall can> it into execution,
and no debate or delay can be had on it ''
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That man-
ifestly does not meet the case now made; for yes-
terday the House did not proceed to the execution
of any order.
Mr. AVASHBURN, of Maine. My point is
this: that there is a subsisting standing order that
we proceed to the election of a Speaker.
Mr. BOCOCK, I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Maine, that the argument which he sub-
mits to the House is in itself what is inlawcallcd
a felo de se. He has contended before the House
that the subsisting order of the day is amotion to
proceed to the election of a Speaker. Now, sir,
he says that that requires no resolution. If it
requires no resolution, and the order of the day is
aproposition to proceed to the election of a Speaker
without resolution, then a resolution to procced to
the election of a Speaker by the plurality rule is
not a subsisting order, for it requires a resolution
to secure it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
must not misunderstand me. My position is, that
the election of a Speaker is our constant duty; that
if is, under the Constitution, a subsisting and a
standing order, and that we are. bound to execute
it, and may execute it as we shall decide, whether
by the call of the roll on a majority vote, or the
passage of a plurality motion. I hold that it is a
question of such high privilege that it does not
require a motion to be made for its execution;
that being the standing order, I maintain that any
member upon this floor has the right to insist on
its execution without debate and without delay.
The standing order is the election of a Speaker;
and I insist on the execution of that order, in the
language of the law, " without debate and with-
out delay."
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not intend to take up the
time of the House now. I shall, perhaps, at some
future time, have some remarks to make on the
plurality rule. I will not do so now, for I do not
wish to interfere with the remarks of the gentle-
man from Alabama.
The'position of the gentleman from Maine is,
that the election of a Speaker is the order of the
day and requires no resolution; that we can pro-
ceed to the election of Speaker without a resolu-
tion. Then, sir, the gentleman will not contend
that the plurality rule can be adopted without a
resolution. Therefore, that is not the order of
the day. Yesterday the gentleman from Ohio
IM r. Tin rchins] submitted a motion for the plu-
rality rule. A question of order was made on
that motion; and the question now is whether the
plurality rule is or is not m order? That question
is debatable. If the order of the day is the elec-
tion of Speaker, and this proposition for the plu-
rality comes uj), it will come up precisely as it
did yesterday. That proposition is debatable,
and on that proposition the gentleman from Ala-
bamlfis entitled to the floor. If the order of the
day, as the gentleman from Maine says, is the
election of a Speaker, and if that question came
before the House, and if the gentleman from
Maine could properly submit the plurality rule,
the question must arise whether that plurality
rule was in order or not, and that proposition
would be debatable, mid the gentleman from
Alabama can speak. How then does the gen-
tleman from Maine expect to get nd of the point
of order which will be made, and whieh when
made will be d<batable? I say the order of the
day is the point of order made yesterday, and
upon that point of order the gentleman from
Alabama has the floor.
Mr. CLOPTOjN resumed the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 must insist
on my point of oider; not that I desire to pre-
vent the oentleman from Alabama from speaking.
1 would like to hear him discuss the questions he
proposes to discuss, if I considered this the proper
time to do so. But it seems to me, notwithstand-
ing what the gentleman fiom Viis,ima has said,
that (here can be no doub', if it be conceded that
there is a standing order, that it is our pre sent duty
to execute that oider—the election of a Speaker;
and if it is also conceded that any member has the
right to insist upon the execution of the order of
the day, and that it shall be executed without de-
bate and without delay, 1 have the right to make
that point, and debate is as much out of order as
ii the previous question had been ordered, which
would cut off all debate whatever. Questions of
order are not debatable when the previous ques-
tion has been ordered, and this law, I insist, is
equivalent to the ordering of the previous ques-
tion, because it declares that if any gentleman in-
sists upon the execution of the order, there shall
be no debate; and, therefore, I insist there can be
no debate upon any point of order or question
whatever. I deduce this from the analogies of the
Mr. LEAKE. We mustcomprehend this ques-
tion of order. I want to know if, under the gen-
tleman 's construction of the parliamentary law,
his point of order will admit a resolution to pro-
ceed to vote for a Speaker by the plurality rule?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 believe I have
answered the question, but the gentleman was not
listening to what I said. I have said that the elec-
tion of a Speaker is the standing order of the House,
and that the House may procecd to execute that
order in any way it may choose.
Mr. RUST. How has the gentleman the floor?
Is it by mere force that it is wrested from the gen-
tleman from Alabama ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
will permit me to answer the question of the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. LEAKE. I will yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Alabama whenever he requires it. I
want to know whether the gentleman from Maine
contends that the election of Speaker, being the
standing order—and I agree with him it is—there-
fore,under that order,you may offer a resolution
to elect a Speaker by the plurality rule ? Answer
that categorically—yes, or no.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will answer
directly, and very distinctly. My position is, and
the gentleman agrees with me, that the standing
order and constant duty of the House is the elec-
tion of a Speaker, and I believe the House may
execute that duty in atiyfonn it chooses, whether
by viva voce vote, by a majority, by ballot, (as it
did formerly,) or by adopting amotion declaring
that the gentleman who shall receive the highest
vote shall be Speaker. Either is a legitimate,"
proper, and constitutional method of executing
this subsisting or standing order.
Mr. LEAKE. That is enough. That is all I
wished to know.
Mr. CURTIS. Does the Clerk recognize the
gentleman from Alabama as having the floor?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
has the floor upon the question of order raised
yesterday.
Mr. CURTIS. I would like to hear him as well
as anybody, but I must insist upon executing this
standing ordei.
Mr. HOUSTON. My colleague is entitled to
the floor, and, unless it can be legitimately taken
from him, I must object to this interference.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state,"
that he knows no parliamentary law or rule by
which the floor can be taken from any gentleman,
upon any question, unless it be upon a call to
order; and admitting that the position of the gen-
tleman from Maine is correct, that he has aright
to insist upon the order of the day, the Clerk
| knows of no practice or parliamentary law by
which he can take the floor away from the gen-
tleman who is upon it upon the question, even to
insist upon it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not pro-
pose to take the floor from the gentleman from
Alabama, but I ask the Clerk to put the question
to the House, and see that it isvoted upon. I ask
that my point of order shall be recognized and de-
01 Mr". HOUSTON. The Clerk has made a de-
cision, and 1 insist that he shall execute his own
decision; and that gentlemen shall preserve order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I simply ask
the Clerk to execute the law, as he has read it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Clerk does propose to
execute the parliamentary law. He has made his
deciMon, and T ask him to enforce it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not un-
derstand that he has made a decision.
Mr. HOUSTON. He has; and I ask him to
execute ii.
Air. MOORHEAD. Let us have a decision of
the House upon the question, as the Clerk re-
fuses to make a decision; or let him decide, and
then we can appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Cleik has decided that
my colleague is entitled to the floor, and I think
it is just as little as gentlemen can do to allow him
to proceed.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I want to know whether
the Clerk has decided this question?
Mr. HOUSTON. He has decided over and
over again that the gentleman from Alabama has
the floor. That is the question before the House,
and my colleague is entitled to the floor, and I pro-
test against thesp interferences and interruptions.
