78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Policy—Mr. Green.
Senate.
a slave from one State to a Territory docs not
make a slave of a single human being who would
not be so without it, so their distribution over a
wider surface will make them individually hap-
pier. It is better for the slave, and the white peo-
ple are surely capable of taking care of them-
selves and saying whether it is better for them
or not. This is the best example of squatter sov-
ereignty. Leave them to judge for themselves
whether it is better to have slaves or not. The
only way to leave them to determine this question
fairly is to give them a fair opportunity of testing
it; but they can have no fair opportunity of test-
ing it, unless they are protected while the territo-
rial condition remains.
But I am met here by the argument that the
Virginian is entitled to self-government, and that
by going into a Territory he does not forfeit the
right of self-government. I answer, the "Virginian
forfeits every political right dependent upon' the
Virginia constitution and laws the moment he
abandons the State; and when the Virginian goes
into Illinois he has no political right. He has
not the right of self-government. lie cannot even
vote; he is not eligible to any office. The Con-
stitution of Illinois says he must remain there one
year first. Here the right of self-government is
gone. But the argument would seem to imply
that the Virginian, let him go where he will, car-
ries with him the right of self-government,whethcr
the Government to which lie goes desires it or
not. I say that he who leaves one political com-
munity and goes into another, leaves what he
once had and takes his chances, according to the
will of the new political community of which he
becomes a member. So in a Territory: when
the Virginian goes into a Territory he abandons
and loses all his political rights as a Virginian,
but not his rights as a citizen of the United States.
Surely, when I settled in the State of Missouri,
I never claimed the right to vote and hold office
because I had done that in Virginia! I had for-
feited, by removal from the State, all political
rights I ever had in Virginia. In other words, I
had abandoned all rights, so far as that sovereignty
was concerned; and as I had, by adoption, taken
up a new home, I must depend on the political
relations established by that new government.
But there is this important distinction to be kept
in mind; while emigration fiom on^ State to an-
other abandons ail political rights and takes its
chances according to the code established by the
new political community, civil iugiits go with
you; your rights of property are still maintained
in every place where the Federal authority is ex-
clusive. A Stale may regulate your property. It
may prohibit slavery, and if you take it in when
such a law is in existence, you forfeit your prop-
erty and you lose it by your own act; but if you
go from the State of Virginia into a Tcmtory,
that Territory has no power to pass a prohibitory
law operating against tin* ptoperty of any citizen,
and therefore, you have a right to hold it and retain
it there as a citizen of the United States.
I remarked yesterday, and I repeat to-day, that
the prohibition of slavery in the United States is
local, and that the right to hold slave property
wherever there is no prohibition is national; that
it was so at the formation of the Constitution;
that it has continued so down to the present day,
and always will continue so until the principles
of our Government have been subverted.
But, suppose this resolution were to pass with
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa? What would be the consequence to the
United States and to the people of the several
States ? We have the Territory of Utah. They
would have the privilege of electing their own
officers, and, according to the doctrines of popular
sovereignty, they would have a right to pass any
law they please; no man's pioperty co\ild go into
it and be protected, according to the doctrine of
non-intervention as now promulgated. The transit
to California would be stopped. All ideas of the
Pacific railroad would be cut off and demolished
forever; and a hostile government that does not
desire admission into the Union, but with all the
powers of a State, with all the immunities of a
State,would be erccted m the heart of our country,
beyond the power of the Federal Government to
control. If they have this powei, if it be right,
then it is wrong to undertake to coerce them with
the Army, and General Johnston ought to be with-
drawn; we should give them free license to do as
they please, to elect their own officers, to levy
contributions on every train that passes through;
or in other words, to interrupt emigration to Cal-
ifornia and leave us cut off from communication
with the Pacific.
I know it is said that property in its transit is
protected; but as I remarked, and now repeat, if
popular sovereignty prevails they may pass un-
friendly laws and prevent that transit; for if there
is any Constitution or Federal law to protect prop-
erty m its transit, it is just as competent and as
imperative on Congress to protect property while
remaining in a Territory. Why is it that property
ought to oe protected in passing through Kansas
or Utah? Who is to protect it if those local au-
thorities pass unfriendly laws ? If they pass laws
to levy tribute and black mail, who is to interpose?
Nobody but Congress. Has Congress the con-
stitutional right to do it? Yes. Then why ought
Congress to do it.5 Because the property is legally
there. If the citizen goes there to settle and be-
come a permanent resident, is he not legally there?
If he is legally there he has the same right to de-
mand protection that the man has who is making
a transit through the Territory. They arc both
legally there. According to the Constitution of
our country, according to the decision of the Su-
preme Court, they are both legally there, and if
the one is entitled to protection, so is the other;
and I venture that we shall have to try another
experiment, not only to protect property, but
to pass penal laws to protect poisons. When
our friends and fellow-citizens start to California,
and on their way are butchered, if by Indians we
chastise them with the Army, and if by Mormons
we require and they ought to receive the same
measuie of chastisement. Besides, if it be done
stealthily, we ought to have a process of law by
which they might bp detected and punished; and,
as the Senator from Illinois remarked at Spring-
field, if an honest jury could not be found m the
whole limits of that Territory to enforce a law
after we have passed it, some other more extraor-
dinary legislation ought to bo resorted to, in order
to protect the rights of persons and of property.
As he then said, the rights of persons and prop-
erty ought to be protected.
Is going to this extent, and insisting on this as
the principle and policy of our Government, in-
sulting to the North ? Is it asking too much of
the North ? Is it doing any harm to the North ?
They joined the Union with us. We are all par-
ties to the same Government. They have stip-
ulated by the Constitution that the courts should
decide this question. The Supreme Court has
decided it; and the advocates of popular sover-
eignty themselves say you may legally take your
slave to a Temtoiy, but you cannot hold him !
there, unless the territorial government chooses to j
let you. Wo say that the territorial government 1
is subordinate to the jurisdiction of Congress, and
has no power except what Congress may choose
to confer. In the first Territories that were organ-
ized, the whole power of legislation was vested in
judges and the Governor, appointed by the Federal
Government. In the process of time, as a mere
matter of policy 
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator say the Gov-
ernor and judges had the power of legislation?
Mr. GREEN. ^ Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Not a general power. That very
question was decided. They could copy an act
from any of the original States; they could not
make a law of their ovAi will.
Mr. GREEN. They had the power tu adopt
any law they pleased; but they could not orig-
inate any law. They could take the whole range
of State statutes, from Maine to Georgia, and pick
out just such laws as they chose to adopt.
Mr. PUGH. They could copy from the acts
of the States. They did attempt to make laws of
their own; hut they were decided by the courts to
be null and void. They had no such legislative
power.
Mr. GREEN. I know what I say; they had
the power of legislation. Will the Senator deny
that r
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. Then there was no sovereignty
in the Territory.
Do you say they had no power of legislation?
I will refer the Senator to the book, chapter, and
page, m the appendix. I did not intend to con-
sume time by referring to it. The first Terri-
tory formed, was the Northwestern Territory.
The Governor and judges, or a majority of them,
were authorized 4' to adopt the laws of any State.5'
"To adopt"—is not that legislation? [Mr. Pugh
shook his head.] It is not I Adopt a law ! Why
it is proposed here that "popular sovereignty"
shall adopt a law of prohibition that exists in
seventeen northern States, and that will not be
legislation, because it is only copied from Penn-
sylvania, or Ohio, or some other northern State!
The power to adopt is the power of legislation.
It makes that the law of the Territory for the time
being. Without their action it would not be the
law of the Territory. With their action it is the
law of the Territory. Thus it continued. Con-
gress said, " When they get more than five thou-
sand inhabitants, we will change and give them a
Council, but the Council shall be appointed by the
Federal Government, and the Assembly may be
elected by the people"—how much of popular
sovereignty in that? And they were to make
laws. They could adopt or repeal any that had
been previously adopted by the Governor and
judges, j If Congress could say five thousand,
could it6t they postpone the privilege until they
had ten thousand, and so on until they had twenty
thousand ? It is a mere matter of policy, a mere
matter of convenience. In many cases it is well
with additional territory to let the people have as
much latitude as we can safely intrust them with.
I think there is too much latitude allowed to the
people of Utah; and I think, therefore, the reso-
lution of the Senator from Ohio is very improper.
It would be much better to deal more stringently
with Utah. If we have a right to change it in one
way, we have a right to changc it in another. To
say we have always the right to give them more
and more, and never to withdraw and take back,
is not according to the logic in which I have been
instructed.
Indiana was governed in the same way; and
when Missouri was first organized, it was attached
to the government of Indiana and placed under
the government of the judges and Governor of
that Territory, and they did adopt laws for the
government of Missouri. After it was acquired
from France, the Governor and judges of Indiana
did legislate for the people of Missouri. Was
there any squatter sovereignty in that? Did the
people of Missouri have any privilege of being
consulted? They had no voice whatever, but the
whole power of the government over them was
appointed by the Federal Government, a thousand
miles distant. The eminent men who framed the
Constitution governed Territories in that manner,
from the year 1789, and none of them ever hinted
at the modern doctrine of sqvatter sovereignty. It
is always safe to follow the wise examples of our
lathers.
From time to time, the policy of the Govern-
ment has been, as they saw they could safely in-
trust power m the hands of the Territory, to give
them power. What I am undertaking to say is,
not that it is wrong to give power to the Territory
—it may be good policy to give the utmost lati-
tude whenever we see that they are fit to be trusted
with its exercise; but what I do contend for, is
that they have no power except that which is de-
rived from the Government of the United States,
by vntue of their organization.
Again: the power to institute a State govern-
ment, and to form a constitution, is not one of
those powers that pertain to a territorial govern-
ment. They frequently make use of a territorial
government as a means of collecting the public
sentiment. It is simply an instrumentality; but
the act of forming a constitution is the first bud-
ding forth of sovereign power; it is the first germ-
ination that results m sovereignty; it is the first
act that points in the direction of sovereignty.
All that precedes is subordinate; all that precedes
is subject to the revision of Congress. There
never has been a Territory organized but what
Congress has reserved, either expressly or by im-
plication, the power to supervise, approve, or an-
nul the laws passed by the territorial government.
Briefly, then, in conclusion, let me illustrate
what the position of the Democratic party is—
