THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PBOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 31, 1860.
New Series.....No. 155.
world can merely look on and say " they had some
assurance that that would be Democratic; of this
they have no assurance that it will be Democratic."
That is all the difference I can see why one should
be rejected and the other admitted. Are gentle-
men prepared to meet that issue, and say that it
is the difference they make?
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will allow me 
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman has any
question to ask, 1 will yield.
Mr. LANE. I was just going to explain 
Mr. COLLAMER. You can do that in good
time. Wait your day. There are a good many
things I think, that may be said on this subject,
that if i do not say them will require a vast deal
of explanation. If this application is rejected, it
will require a deal of explanation.
I said I would make some general remarks be-
fore proceeding to consider what are said to be
the objections made. It is true that the remarks
I have made do imply, and I meant that they
should imply, that 1 anticipated objections of va-
rious kinds, which 1 shall regard, if they be made,
as excuses, and the exercise of the ingenuity of
the circumlocution office, contriving " how not to
do it." Some of the objections which I have
heard are evidently of that class. Others can be
accounted for scarcely upon any other supposi-
tion. I will, however, proceed to consider some
of them.
In the first place, it is said that the last Con-
gress passed an act, commonly called the English
bill, in relation to Kansas, wnich provided that,
if the people would vote for certain land grants
and take a slavery constitution which they did not
want, they should be admitted. Then there were
people enough, and there was country enough,
and it was all right enough; and you would even
run the risk of its not being Democratic, if they
would make it a slave State in that way, because
it seemed that either it must be Democratic or be
slavery; and if you could get the one, you would
let the other go. You would take the one and
run the risk of the other. That bill said they
might take that constitution and be admitted; but
if they would not do that, the other alternative
was, that they should never be admitted until
they hud the number of inhabitants which would
entitle them to a Representative in the other House,
ninety-four thousand three hundred, which was
to be ascertained by a census taken by law. That
is the substance of the provision. Now, it is
said that this constitution was made, and that if
Kansas be admitted with it, she will be admitted
contrary to the provisions of that act. That is
one objection.
'"Well, sir, what is the application of a people
for admission as a State? tinder what branch of
constitutional privileges does it come? It was
long since adjudged—and that adjudgment has
been ratified by a long course of practice—that it
is nothing but the right of petition. It is the right
of the people to petition Congress for the exer-
cise of the power of admitting new States, which
the Constitution vests in Congress. That was
first fully eliminated in the case of Arkansas,
which was admitted without any enabling act.
On that occasion the subject was fully considered
by the then Attorney General, and oy Congress
following him; and that State was admitted on
the ground that the people had a right to petition
Congress for admission; that that was a constitu-
tional right; that Congress had the power to ad-
mit them; that that was a constitutional power;
and that, if the people undertook to form a State
constitution—if so be, it was made without op-
posing any legitimate existing authority; if it was
made pursuant to the provisions of the territorial
laws, and not contrary to them; if it was made
peaccably—they had a right to take all the pre-
liminary steps to prepare themselves for making
this application, which the Constitution gave them
the right to make. It was the exercise of the
power of petition.
Precisely under that these people have gone on.
The Territoral Legislature, in the first place, put
the question to the people, whether they desired
155
to form a State constitution. They took a vote
on that, and a majority of the people said yes.
They then elected delegates to a convention. That
convention formed a constitution, and submitted
it to the people pursuant to the territorial act.
The people ratified it, and sent'it here, with their
humble petition that they may be received as a
State into this Union. Now, I would ask, can
one Congress pass any act by which they can tie
up a succeeding Congress in the exercise of their
constitutional power? If not—and I hardly need
argue that point, I think, but simply ask the ques-
tion—then that act which provides that this Ter-
ritory should never be admitted as a State until it
had a certain number of population, ascertained
by a census taken by law, is not binding on us;
but it is now attempted to be enforced as a legal
prohibition, tying up tins Congress from admit-
ting ilieni on its discretion. The Constitution is
that Congress may admit new States. It is left
to the discretion of Congress. Had any previous
Congress to the one now sitting, who are ad-
dressed on this subject, and who are asked for
the exercise of this power, any authority to say
in what manner we should exercise this discre-
tion ? Had they a right to say there shall be such
a number of people, and they shall have such
political sentiments? They majr as well limit it
in one respect as another. I insist upon it, that
that part of the bill which undertook to forbid the
admission of this Territory as a State by the Con-
gress which should succed them-, is utterly and
absolutely void, mere brutum fulmen.
Then again, the people have a constitutional
right to petition Congress. Congress itself and
the different departments of this Government have
dccided that the application of a Territory for ad-
mission as a State, is but the exercise of this con-
stitutional right of petition. Now, if you under-
take to talk about that provision of the English
bill as forbidding these people from attempting to
be admitted as a State, until they had a certain
population ascertained by a census, you under-
take to trammel and shacklc them in the exercise
of their right of petition. You say they have done
an unlawful thing. What have they done unlaw-
ful? Is it wrong to admit them contrary to that act?
That was a law without force, certainly not bind-
ing upon them in this respect, and clearly not
binding on Congress. To test that, I would ask
gentlemen do they believe that, if we pass this act,
and admit the State, it will not bo legally and con-
stitutionally admitted? Will not this law, if it is
inconsistent with the English bill, override that
bill entirely? Does not the last law prevail?
Clearly.
The truth is, that that constitutes no objection.
I know that a man who has made up his resolu-
tion that he will not admit a people because he
does not like them, because they do not entertain
the sentiments he approves, may find in that, as
well as in many other things, an excuse for him-
self. It is one of the exercises of ingenuity, a
device for contriving " how not to do it." That
is all there is to it.
But, sir, even that provision of the English bill
is, as I view it, essentially complied with, in prin-
ciple, at least. That provision was nothing but
ascertaining a mode of getting at the population
by a census. It was a mere method, a mere
means to an end. Those who put that clause
into that bill made no provision of law for carry-
ing it into effect. No statute was passed pro-
viding for the taking of a census at all; 110 money
was voted to enable the marshals there to take it
if a territorial act was passed for that purpose.
There was no means to carry it into effect. Now,
can it be possible that gentlemen are prepared to
say we put a certain condition or prerequisite
upon that people, prohibiting their admission
until certain things were done, which never could
be done unless we provided for them, and that
we ncglected to provide for them?
In the next place, 1 think that, with such moans
as we have, and as 1 have already presented, it
fully appears, by any fair, candid estimation, that
this Territory has the number ofpopulation which
it was intended to provide there should be. The
act provided that it should be ascertained in a
particular method; but if the population is there,
the essential provision of that act is complied
with.
I will make another remark in relation to the
English bill. It didat least contain this sentiment:
that Congress would .admit Kansas as a State
with a pro-slavery constitution without any ob-
jection as to the number of population. Congress
did, by that bill, in language essentially say," we
will not be particular as to numbers hereafter, if
so be that you at least have the nurtiber which will
entitle you to a Representative: we are willing for
this occasion, and for this desirable purpose of
our own, to get Kansas in as a State, even if it has
not the number;" and we said we would forego
that, and declare that when they had the .number
we would agree to admit them. The Territory
could not comply with the requirement to take a
census according to law, for no provision was
made for it; but if they furnish the materials by
which we are enabled to get the number of inhab-
itants, I think that even the doctrine of the Eng-
lish bill would justify Congress in admitting the
State. The next point which I have heard of as
an objection to the admission this State is, that
by the treaty with the Cherokees we surrendered
to their use certain tracts of land within the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, and that we, by that treaty,
provided that they, as well as other IndistR reser-
vations should not be included within the juris-
diction of any Territory or State. That is true;
but if that provision can operate in this case, it as
much forbade the United States from including
that region of country—the Cherokee land—with-
in the territorial government as from including it
in a State government. When the Territory of
Kansas was formed, that subject was agitated and
fully considered and decided; and how was it pro-
vided for in relation to the Territory ? The ter-
ritorial line of Kansas as created by the organic
act ran around these Cherokee lands, which 1 will
here observe are lands not occupied by that na-
tion, but detached from their general territory.
The matter was thus provided for in the Kansas
organic act:
liProvi'h:<lfurtkcr, That nothing in this act contained shall
be construed to impair the rightsof person or property now
pertaining: to the Indians in said Territory, so long as Buell
rights shall remain unextinguished by treaty between the
United States and such Indians, or to include any territory
which, by treaty with any Indian tribe, is not, without the
consent of said tribe, to be included within the territorial
limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory; but all such
territory shall be excepted out of the boundaries, and con-
stitute no part of the Tertitory of Kansas until said tribe
hhall signify their assent to the President of the United
States, to be included vvitlnn tlie said Territory of Kansas,
or to alfect the authority ot the Government of the United
States to make any regulation respecting such Indians,
their lands, property, or other rights, by treaty, law, or other-
wise, which it would have been competent to the Govern-
ment to make if'Lhis act had never passed."
It provided, then, that in the conformation of
that Territory, these Indian lands should not be
included witlnn its jurisdiction, nor be considered
as any part of it, until the tribe should consent
thereto. Congress ran the territorial lines around
that land, included it within the boundaries of the
Territory, and then excepted it out by these ex-
press words. That very same provision, in the
very same words, is incorporated into this State
constitution. This Indian territory is excepted
out of the State of Kansas in the very same words
that Congress excepted it out of the territorial
jurisdiction. That was done by Congress pur-
suant to the treaty. In exact conformity to it,
in the formation of this State, the people have
done precisely the same thing, and in the very
same words that Congress dictated to them in the
formation of the Territory. I say, therefore, it is
not obnoxious to the objection that it includes
Indian lands; and there is nothing in the idea that
this State cannot be admitted because of that pro-
vision in the Indian treaty. Besides, it has long
since been settled, if anything can be, by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, that wher^In-
dian territory, by a treaty of the United States,
is exclusively theirs in point of jurisdiction, no
