80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[January 11,
36th Cong.... 1st
Territorial Policy—Mr. Oree/n.
Senate.
fall it must,) where will the censure necessarily
rest ? H<* who throws a lighted squib is respons-
ible for the consequences that must follow. It is
not sympathy for the slave; it may be not because
you want to harm us; but you think you can in-
flame passions, and get political power without
doing us very much harm; and I believe the pres-
ent state of things all to result from a political
trick. There are honest Abolitionists, conscien-
tiously so. I respect them for their conscientious
views while I differ from them; but, if let alone,
they will simply entertain their views, remain
quietly at home, and let other people alone. And
as long as that is done, there is no difficulty or
quarrel with them. There are others who want
to take advantage of that kind of feeling of the
human heart that prompts them to commiserate
/ the slave; and these politicians, wljile they despise
f theslaves,andhazardsocialintercourse, and break
down the trade between the South and the North,
have but one object in view; and that is to take
advantage of the feelings of the conscientious
Abolitionists, raise a furor in the public mind,
and get into office. This is the main cause of the
growth and prosperity of the present Republican
party in the North.
One thing that strikes me with very great as-
tonishment is, that when I look over the way, I
see old Democrats, with whom I served in 1848,
when we stood on the platform which I read yes-
terday. 1 see there old Democrats who stood
shoulder to shoulder with me, even in 1852, after
the fugitive slave law was passed. Where arc
they now? Gone; their places in our ranks made
vacant, and I see them occupying a place m the
opposite camp. What induced them to go there?
They went over on the pretext of the passage of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill wiping out the Mis-
souri compromise line; and yet they make not a
single effort to restore it, but go the whole length
and breadth of the entire platform of Black Re-
publicanism. They stooa on the Democratic
platform of 1852; they swore by it then; they
were good enough Democrats then; they deserted
their colors on a pretext, and, having gone over,
they eat their own words, and are now fighting the
battles of the Black Republicans. The restoration
of the compromise line is a question gone, dead,
and buried. Why, then, cannot they come back
to us and their original principles? If f had the
power of exhortation, I should invite them back;
but, even then, 1 am afraid they would come bock
tinged with some of the principles they have es-
poused since they went over.
Mr. President, my object has been to disabuse
the public mind in regard to 1 his question of pop-
ular sovereignty. 1 have stated the views that I
entertain, t have answered the arguments of those
who take the opposite aide. I have but a few
words more to say, and they are these: It was
unfortunate that the subject was ever brought up;
unfortunate, not because we ought not to settle
every proper question, but because, as J said yes-
terday, we have a more important matter in hand;
we have a greater danger threatening us; we have
a deadly enemy standing before us, and it is our
duty to battle together against the common enemy
rather than divide our own strength. We can do
this easily, by saying that we will adhere to the
decision of the Supreme Court; and if any other
judicial question arises, we will submit that ques-
tion to the court likewise. By doing this, we shall
go as a solid phalanx into battle; and there arc
enough at the North, if they can be induced to re-
flect and act, to defeat the Republicans. There ore
enough at the North, if you can make them pause
and reflect and consider the consequences likely
to ensue if this doctrine is pushed to its utmost
extreme, to defeat the Republican party even there.
I have more hope than my friend from Georgia.
I have more confidence in the American people
than he has. I have the same regret at what I
see, and I must express my regret in as strong
terms as he: but still let us have hope. I will hope
on and hope ever, until hope shall become impos-
sible. Let us arouse the patriotic, Constitution-
loving sentiment of the North and the youth; let
us bring it into battle array; let us pass over un-
important differences—I say unimportant, com-
paratively speaking, for they are not so important
as the defeat of the opposite party—let us do this;
let us meet tliem in solid column, and we shall
heat them back, we shall break that party into I
atoms in 1860, and the broken fragments will float ■
on the waves of disappointment and chagrin.
Synopsis of Congressional legislation in relation to
Territories of the United States,from 1789 to 1860.
OHIO.
Under tile provisions of the ordinance for the gevern-
ment of the territory northwest of the river Ohio, passed
on the 13th July, 1787, and adapted to the Constitution of
the United States on the 7th of August, J 789, (vol. 1, p. 50,*)
the Governor, secretary, judges, and members of the Legis-
lative Council, were appointed by Federal authority, and
the legislative power vested in the Governor and judges, or
a majority of them, until the number of inhabitants reached
five thousand, when the organization of a General Assem-
bly was authorized, consisting of a Governor, Legislative
Council, and House of Representatives—the latter only be-
ing chosen by the qualified elector?, (vol. 1, pp. 51, 52.*)
In this ordinance there was an implied reservation of the
right of Congress to approve or disapprove all teiritorial
laws, (vol. 1, p. 51,*') and this right was exeicised by ihf
annullment of an act passed, on the 28th December, 1788,
by the Governorand judges of said Territory, as will be seen
by reference to the act of 8th May, 1792, (vol. 1, p. 286,*)
where nuthouty is also given to the Governor and judges to
repeal laws passed by them. The people of the eastern di-
vision of this Terutoiy were authorized to form a constitu-
tion and State government on the 30th April, 1802, (vol, 2,
p. 173,*) and the State of Ohio was accordingly admitted
into the Union on the 29th of November, 1802.
TENNESSEE.
By the organic act providing a government for the terri-
toiy south of the river Ohio, approved the SCth May, 1790,
(vol l,p. 123,") the provisions of the oidinance of 1787, not
locally inapplicable, and not in conflict with the deed of
cession from Noith Carolina, were applied, the executive,
legislative, and judicial powcis being vested and exercised
in the same manner as therein piovided, and the right of
Congress to approve or disapprove the teiritonal laws being
also, by implication, reserved.
Without a previous enabling act, the people of this Ter-
ritory formed a constitution and State government, and the
State of Tennessee was admitted into the Union on the 1st
of June, 1796. (Vol. 1, p. 493.A)
MISSISSIPPI.
By the act of 7th Apul, 1798, (vol. 1, p. 549,*) cieating
Mississippi into a Teiritory, the provisions of the ordinance
of 1787, as modified by the dpedsof cession fjom South Cai-
olina and Georgia, were applied, excepting and excluding
the clause lestnctmg slavery. The executive, legislative,
and judicial power* were vested arid exerciscd m the same
mannei as piovided by said ordinance, and the light ot Con-
gress to approve or disappiove tcrntorial laws was also by
implication le&erved.
By act of May 10. 1800, (vol. 2, p. 69/) immediate oper-
ation was given to that provision of the ordinance relative
to the oiganization of a General Assemblv, said Gcneial
Assembly consisting of a Governor and Legislative Council
appointed by Fedeial authority, and House of Representa-
tives elected by the qualified voters. By acts, ol 9th Janu-
ary, 1808, (vol. 2, p. 455/) and 25th Octobei, 1814, (vol.
3,*p 143,*) the qualified voters were authorized to elect a
Delegate to Congress.
An act enabling the people of this Territory to form a
constitution and State govei nmcnt was approved on the 1st
of March, 1817, (vol. 3, p. 348/) and Mississippi was ad-
mitted iuto the Union on the 10th December, 1817. (Vol.
3, p. 472.*)
INDIANA.
The act of 7th May, 1800, (vol 2, p 58,*) organizing In-
diana Teiritoiy, established a government theiemsimilai in
all icspocts to that piovided by the oidinance of 1787, and
gave immediate effect to that poition of the ordinance icJa-
tivetotheoiganizationof a General Assembly, in case such
should be the wish ol amajoiity of the freeholdeis, although
there might not be therein five thousand free white inhab-
itants. The appointment by Federal authoiity of the same
executive, legislative, and judicial officers, provided by the
ordinance of 1787, was authorized; and the respective pow-
ers directed to be exercised in the same manner as therein
piovided. The light of Congress to appiove or disappiove
the territorial laws was also, by implication, reserved.
On the 26th March, 1804, (vol. 2, p. 287/) Louisiana,
afterwards called Missouri, was attached to this Territory
By act of 27th February, 1809, (vol 2, p. 525/) the quali-
fied voteis were authonzed to elect then Legislative Coun-
cil, and a Delegate to Cougiess.
An act enabling the people of this Tcrntoiy to form a
constitution and State government, was appioved on the
19th Apul, 1816, (vol. 3, p. 289/) and on the 11th of De-
cember, 181G, the State of Indiana was admitted into the
Union.
LOUISIANA.
By act of 31st October, 1803, (vol.2, p. 245/) the President
was authoiized to take possession of the Louisiana pur-
chase, and to provide such temporary govei ninent therein
as he might deem proper, until a temporaiy government
should be established by Congress.
On the 26th Maieh, 1804, (vol. 2, p. 283/) Louisiana was
erected into two Teiritoiies, and Orleans Tciutory, after-
ward called Louisiana, was organized. By this act the
Governor, judges, members o£ the Legislative Council, and
othei othcers woie appointed by Federal authority, arid the
legislative powei in said Territory vested in a Legislative
Council, consisting of the Goveruoi and ihuteen le^dents
of the Terutory appointed by the President of the United
States. The Governor and Legislative Council were au-
thorized to repeal Jaws then in force, and Congiess reserved
* Statutes at Large.
the right to approve or disapprove all of their legislative
acts. •
By act of 2d March. 1805, (vol. 2, p. 322,*) the President
was authorized to establish a government similiar to that
exercised in Mississippi Tcrritoiy. The ordinance of 1787
being applied, with exceptions.
An enabling act foi the people of this Territory was ap-
proved on the 20th February, 1811, (vol. 2, p. 641,*) and
the State of Louisiana admitted into the Union on the 8th
of April, 1812, (vol. 2, p. 701/)
MISSOURI.
This Territory, which, under the name of Louisiana, was
attached to the government of Indiana on the 26th March,
1804, (vol. 2, p. 287,*) and organized on the 3d March, 1805,
(vol. 2, p. 331/) was, by act of 4th June, 1812, (vol. 2, p.
743/) reorganized, and the name changed to Missouri. The
appointment, by Federal authority, of the Governor, secre-
tary, judges, members of the Legislative Council, and other
officers, was authorized by the acts above recited; and the
legislative authority originally vested in the Governor and
judges of Indiana Territory, and m the Governor and three
judges, or a majority of ihem, by act of 3d March, 1805, (vol.
2, p 331/) was, by act of 4th June, 1812, (vol. 2, p. 744/)
vested m a Legislative Assembly composed of the Governor
and Legislative Council, appointed by Federal authoiity,
and House of Representatives elected by the qualified voters
of the Territory. By act of29th April, 1816, (vol. 3, p. 328/)
the qualified electors were authorized to elect members of
the Legislative Council, and by acts of 4th June, 1812, (vol.
2, p. 746/) and 3d March, 1817, (vol. 3, p. 363/) a Delegate
to Congress. By acts of 26th March, 1804, (vol.2, p. 287/)
and 3d March, 1805, (vol. 2, p. 331/) the right of Congress
to approve or disapprove all laws of the Territory was re-
served. On the 6th March, 1820, (vol. 3, p. 545/) an act
was approved enabling the people of this Territory to form
a constitution and State government; and, o,i the 2d March,
1801, (vol. 3, p. 645/) Missouri was admitted on a condition;
which condition having been assented to by the Legislature,
the admission of said State into the Union was completed
on 10th August, 1821, (vol. 3, p. 797/)
MICHIGAN.
By the organic act passed on the llih January, 1805,
(vol 2, p. 309/) a government for this Territory was estab-
lished similar m all respects to that piovided by the ordi-
nance ot 1787; the same officers appointed by Federal au-
thority being authorized, and the legislative powei vested
and exercised m the same manner as therein provided.
By this act the right of Congress to approve or disapprove
the laws of the Territory wdi by implication reseived; and
on the 3d of March, 1807, (vol. 2, p. 444/) an act of the
Governor and judges of the Temtoiy concerning the Bank
of Detroit, was annulled. On the 16th February, 1819, (vol.
3, p. 482/) the qualified voters weic authoiized to elect a
Delegate to Congress. By act of 3d March, 1823, (vol. 3,
pp. 769 '70/)—being an amendment to the oiganic act—the
legislative power was vested in the Governor and Legis-
lative Council appointed by the Federal authority, (the
Councilors being pieviously nominated to the President by
the qualified electors ot the Terutory,) and it, upon submis-
sion of the question to the people, a majority should favor,
the organization of a General Assembly,elected by the quali-
fied voters, was authorized. On the 29th Januaiy, 1827, (vol.
4, pp. 200' 20/) the people were authouzed to elect mem-
ber of the Legislative Council, but Congress, m this act,
reserved the right to lepcal it. On the 28th June, 1834, (vol.
4, p. 701/) Iowa was attached to Michigan. Without a
previous enabling act, Michigan was admitted on the 15th
June, 1836, (vol. 5, p. 49/1 on condition that said State
should assent to the boundaries prescribed by Congress.
On the 23d June, 1836, (vol. 5, p. 59/) Congress rejected
the propositions submitted by the authorities of said State,
and offered others in lieu ol them. On the 26th January,
1837, (vol. 5, p. 144/) Michigan having assented to the
boundaries prescribed by Congiess, was admitted into the
Tnion.
ILLINOIS.
The organic act of this Territory, appioved the 3d of
February, 1809, (vol. 2, p. 514/) established within it a
government similar in all respects to that provided by the
ordinance of 1787. The same officers appointed by Federal
authoiity, being authorized, and the legislative power
vested and exercised m the same manner as therein pro-
vided. By this act the right ot Congress to approve or dis-
approve all toriitorial laws was, by implication, reseived;
and it was provided, that whenever evidence should be
given to the Governor that such was the wish of amajority
of the freeholders, that portion of the ordinance relative to
the oiganization of the General Assembly should opeiate,
although there might not be five thousand fiee male inhab-
itant* therein. On the 20th of May, 1812, (vol 2, pp 741,
742/) the qualified voters of the Territory were author-
ized to elect members of the Legislative Council and a
Delegate to Congress. An act enabling the people ot this
Temtoiy to form a constitution and State government was
appioved the 18th of April, 1818, (vol. 3, p. 428;') and
said State was admitted into the Onion on 3d of Decem-
ber, 1818.
ALABAMA.
The act establishing a government m this Territory, ap-
proved on the 3d March, 1817, (vol. 3, p. 371 <,) provided that
all existing olficeis and all opeiating laws ot Mississippi
Territory should continue until otherwis-e provided bylaw,
and authorized the appointment, by Federal authoiity. of a
Governor, secretary, and one judge, (the two additional
judges appointed tor Mississippi Ten itury being tiansltried
to this;) aKo tinoe additional members of the Legislative
Council. By thi> act legislative power was vested m ? ueh
ol the members of the Legislative Council and House of Rep-
resentatives of Mississippi Tcnitory as were repiesentmg
counties within this Territory, together with thiee addi-
tional members of the Legislative Council nominated by
* Statute1? at Large.
