1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
church covenants; that the pursuit of bliss, and the enjoy-
ment ofii'c m every capacity of public association and do-
mestic happiness, temporal expansion or spiritual increase
upon tke earth, may not legally be questioned : Provided,
however. That each and eveiyaetor practice so established
or adopted, for law or custom, shall relate to solemnities,
sacraments, ceremonies, consecrations, endowments, tith-
Ings. marriages, fellowship, or the religious duties M' man
to his Maker; inasmuch as the doctrines, principles,prac-
tices, or performances, support virtue and increase molal-
ity, and are not inconsistent with, or lepusnantto, the Con-
stitute of the United States or of this State, and ai c founded
in the revelations of the Lord
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman permit me to interrupt him ?
Mr. KEITT. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I would
refer the gentleman respectfully to the report made
by the three judges of Utah, first appointed. They
made a report at full length, stating that polygamy
existed,and referring to Brigham Young's wives.
I remember that particularly, bccause, cither
through interpolation or otherwise, they wound
up by saying that Brigham Young and the dig-
nitaries of tlie Church had so many wives that it
operated hardly upon strangers and travelers.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. KEITT. I wish now to inquire of my
friend from Tennessee where he finds the word
polygamy ill the extract which.he has had read; and
secondly, whether ho corroborates his position
by the testimony which has just been given by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and upon the
ground therein stated ?
Now, sir, let us look at this matter gravely.
Congress lias organized a Territory, and has re-
tained to itself the right of revising its laws and
records, and of either approving or disapproving
them. We are asked here to enact a penal statute.
I ask gentlemen, where is the necessity? I am
here to revise the records of that Territory. I am
ready to revise them; ready to approve or disap-
prove. Is that law upon the statute-book of the
Territory of Utah ? It is answered " no." The
point is made by the gentleman from Tennessee,
that the Church has passed a regulation which
may be construed into a sanction of polygamy.
Mr. NELSON. If the gentleman'from South
Carolina will yield to me for a moment, I will
state that the book from which the Clerk read is
a statute book of the Territory 
Mr. KEITT. Incorporating the church.
Mr. NELSON. Giving the laws enacted in
Utah. I will read the title-page of the book:
"Acts, Resolutions,and Memorials, passed in the
Several Annual Sessions of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah,"
Mr. KEITT, Well, is there anything about
polygamy in that ?
Mr. NELSON. Yes; I consider that, by the
third section, as read by the Clerk, polygamy is
authorized and allowed.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will allow me, I think the matter can be
easily settled. I will call 011 the Delegate from
Utah to give us information in regard to this mat-
ter. If (lie gentleman from South Carolina really
desires information upon it, lie will let the Del-
egate from Utah make his statement.
Mr. HOUSTON. Have it referred to an in-
vestigating committee.
Mr. KEITT. I suppose that promiscuous in-
tercourse or concubinage may exist in (lie Terri-
tory of Utah; but this bill does not apply to that.
The relation hoiwccn husband and wife is a legal
relation; ,md if (here be no territorial law that
recognir.es, sanctions, and protects the marriage
relation between man and woman, there is 110
polygamy there.
Air. MALLORY. That is the very fact which
I wish the Delegate from Utah to state. I appre-
hend that these Mormons claim and have more
than one wife under the law; that they claim they
are legally married to their several wives. If that
be the case, I presume the gentleman will acknowl-
edge that that is polygamy. That is a fact which
may be established by the testimony of the Del-
egate.
Mr. KEITT. Exactly; and I want to get at
the legal facts. The gentleman from Kentucky
asks me to call on the Delegate from Utah for
what ? For what ? To state whether the institu-
tion of polygamy exists legally. Well, where is
the proof that it does? The proof must be in the
law.
Mr. HILL. Will my friend allow mc to ask
•him a question ? 1 am in search of truth, as well
as he. In_all the States, I believe, there are laws
I in force against polygamy. I inquire of him if he
believes that these statutes are wholesome laws?
Mr. KEITT. I will come to that. I am ar-
guing this question ill my legislative capacity. My
opinion I will give, with great pleasure, to the
gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. HILL. I have another question, which
hangs upon your answer to that one. Answer that.
Mr. KEITT. I say "yes."
Mr. HILL. Then.ifthey are,wholesome laws
for those communities resident in States, I would
inquire whether they are not equally wholesome
for those residing in Territories?
Mr. KEITT. That is not the question here.
If that were the question, I would answer it very
readily.
Mr. HILL. One word more, if you please. I
am not the peculiar defender of the bill by any
means; but if I understand it, it includes all the
Territories, and all places whatsoever, over which
this Government has exclusive jurisdiction. It
does not legislate on a supposed state of facts, ex-
pressly in Utah alone; but it covers all the Terri-
tories belongingto the Government. Itis wholly
immaterial to its purpose whether this custom that
is so much complained of exists in Utah or not.
I cannot see what it has to do with the argument.
Mr. KEITT. In addition to all that, I wish to
ask the gentleman from Georgia a single question;
that is: whether he believes polygamy to be anti-
republican ?
Mr. HILL. That is a very hard question. I
once asked a friend of mine, a member of the
other House, that question. He said he thought
not, bccause lie had always looked on Abraham,
the father of the faithful, as a good republican,
and an excellent Democrat. [Laughter.]
Mr. KEITT. Then the member from Georgia
does not believe polygamy to be anti-republican.
I asked him that question, because I intend to dis-
cuss it in another branch of the subject.
Mr. HILL. I believe it to be anti-Christian.
I do not say it is anti-republican.
Mr. KEITT. Then the gentleman makes a
distinction between Christianity and repulMiean-
ispi. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, my object is to ascertain the ex-
act position in which wo arc. I wish to know
whether or not we are called upon now to pass a
law to prohibit polygamy in the Territory of
Utah; and I wish to know whether or not we are
called upon to cimct a penal statute against it as
an existing institution ? That is what! was try-
ing to ascertain; because on that, every single
argument made in this House, in favor of the bill
has been predicated. I deny the fact so far as
the records are now before us; and I say hero
that polygamy presupposes a legal relation be-
tween husband and wife. Unless there be a law
recognizing that relation, there is no polygamy.
There may be promiscuous intercourse; but that
is not polygamy. I wisli to rob this argument
of the pretext thrown around it by the use of the
legal term " polygamy." So far as the House
has any knowledge, that institution docs not
exist in Utah.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. If I understand
the law, every legal marriage, beyond the first
marriage, subjects the offender to the penalties
for a violation of the law.
Mr. KEITT. But 1 am saying, Mr. Speaker,
that polygamy presupposes a legal recognition of
more than one wife.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Then, sir, in
States where they have laws against bigamy, do
they legalize or recognize second marriages?
Mr. KEITT. No; they deny their legality. I
am denying the fact that there is any law in-Utah
that recognizes the marriage relation between a
man and more that, one woman; and 1 say that,
unless that law does exist, it is no polygamy in
the sense in which the term is known to" lawyers.
Mr. MAYNA11D. I would ask the gentleman
from South Carolina this question: whether he
has any doubt that the people of Utah have the
practice of occupying conjugal relations with
more than one woman ?
Mr. KEITT. Their practice I know nothing
about. 1 understand that what the gentleman in-
timates is true. But I am trying to get at the
facts. I am trying to ascertain whether the House"
is legislating against what the gentleman calls an
assumed conjugal relation with more than one
woman, or whether it is against what the law
terms polygamy ? That is what I am trying to
get at.
Mr. PORTER. Is not the sanction by which
a man, while living under a valid marriage with a
first wife, dwells with a second woman in Utah,
acknowledging her to be his wifu, the same in its
form of solemnity with that under which he lives
with his first ?
Mr. KEITT. I knotf nothing at all about tho
people. I am hero to examine and scrutinize the
records sent before us. Beyond them, I have 110
official knowledge. I want to get at the facts, Mr.
Speaker; and I think I have developed to the
■ House the fact that members here are pursuing an
investigation on a mere sentimental ideal object,
without having a substantial factJ.0 rest upon.
Mr. WELLS. The gentleman will observe, by
an examination of the bill, that the preamble and
the second section refer to the crime of polygamy;
but that the first section of the bill relates to tho
crime of bigamy only; Which, of course, will ob-
viate the question which he makes as to the legal
existence, by law of the Territory of Utah,of the
institution of polygamy 111 that Territory.
Mr. KEITT. Well, substitute bigamy for po-
lygamy, and then answer me. Show me that big-
amy exists there.
Mr. WELLS. The object of the statute, then,
.would be to make the crime of bigamy punishable
in Utah and the other Territories, as it is in all
States in the Union.
Mr. KEITT. If gentlemen who are in favor
of this bill will say that they are not founding
their legislation upon any existingevil—that they
are applying it to no particular Territory, but are
making it general, and without reference to any
existing institution of bigamy or polygamy—I
shall understand them, and then I will argue it.
I want to get at the facts; but when we ask " Why
this statute?" they say, "To suppress the crime
of polygamy in Utah." When I ask, "Where
is the proof that it exists there?" they fall back
upon their sentimental ideology, and say, " It is
theoretically immoral, and have not we a right to
punish it?" Tell me where you stand, ahd I will
be content to agree with you, or to give my rea-
sons for differing from you.
No.w, 1 have an objection to this bill,whichap-
pliesfto its substance. I can find no power 111 the
Constitution to go into any Territory to penetrate
down to the seminal principles of the social struc-
ture and civil polity, and to shape and mold the
plastic elements out of which the social organiza-
tion springs. I find in the Constitution penal
powers covering our foreign relations, but I find
none covering our domestic relations. You can
punish felony and piracy 011 the high seas; you
can punish the counterfeiting of foreign coin; "but
beyond that there is no delegation of penal power
to the Government that I can find in the Consti-
tution. You have, outside of the Constitution,
acquired Territory; and then, having acquired it,
you have assumed tho exigency of that acquisition
to form a necessity that you shall govern it; and
having done that, I 'want to impose limitations
upon the exercise of this power. I believe that
it was originally wrong. I believe that it was a
power acquired only by construction.
Mr. FAIINSWO'RT'H. I understand the gen-
tleman from South Carolina to take the position
that there must be some 1,-iw legalizing the mar-
riage of a man to more than one woman before
there can be polygamy.
Mr. KEITT. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTI-I. I understand that po-
lygamy is the illegal marriage of a man to more
than one woman. Now, a man may be married
without the existence of any statute on the sub-
ject. Marriage is a civil contract. Statutes are
frequently made to surround it with the evidences
of what is called its solemnization; but marriage
may exist without any statute; and k seems to
me that the gentleman is in error in supposing
that there must be a statute of Utah authorizing
the marriage of a man to more than one woman
before there can be polygamy.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. With the consent
of the gentleman from South Carolina, I move
that the House do now adjourn.
_Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
New York, before he submits that motion, to let
