1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
us see if there cannot be some time fixed for clos-
ing the debate upon this question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let ua know
_ when we are to have the vote.
Mr. GROW. Let some time be fixed when
the previous question shall be called.
Mr. KE1TT. I suppose that we cannot go on
to-night; and I confess that I should like to make
a few grave remarks .upon this subject to-morrow
morning, for about ten minutes only.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Many members
wish to speak.
Mr. STANTON. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that he should withdraw his mo-
tion for a moment that we may see if some agree-
ment cannot be made.
Mr. GROW. If there is to be no agreement, I
hope the motion to adjourn will be voted down.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What time is pro-
posed ?
Mr. STANTON. Say two o'clock to-morrow.
Several Members. Oh, no. Say four o'clock.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Well, say four
o'clock.
Mr. GROW. Three o'clock to-morrow will be
late enough. If you are going to let every gentle-
man speak who desires to be heard upon this ques-
tion, you will not get a vote for a month.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I want to say to gen-
tlemen opposite that no agreement can be made
upon thi3 side of the House; and I hope they will
not attempt to press a vote upon this question at
that early period.
Mr. GROW. I desire to give notice that, un-
less some agreement can h®made, on the first op-
portunity that I can get the floor I shall call the
previous question on the bill. We upon this side
have taken very little part in this debate.
Mr. MORRIS, oflllinois. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania bad better leave the calling of the
previous question to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, who reported the bill.
Mr. GROW. I have left it for two days. There
are other questions as important as this.
Mr. MORRIS, oflllinois. There is no use in
attempting to force an agreement in opposition to
the wishes of so many members.
Mr. GROW. Our side has taken very little
part in this discussion.
Mr. MORRIS,of Illinois. We wish you would.
We want to draw you out, and get you to define
your position.
Mr. GROW. We will define it by our votes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the calling of the roll
is commenced, I presume that an agreement can
be made which will be satisfactory to all sides of
the House. I suppose that it will bo the wish of
the House to have this question disposed of to-
morrow. If we postpone the ordering of the mam
question till four o'clock, of course we shall have
to adjourn till the next day to take the several
votes that will have to be taken on this bill. Now,
if there can be an understanding that we shall take
the vote at three o'clock to-morrow, I presume
that will meet with the assent of the House on all
sides except, perhaps, that of those who still want
to speak upon the subject.
Mr. MORRIS, of Iilinois. I desire to say for
myself, in reply to the gentleman from Vermont,
that I can assent to no understanding of that kind.
I want this bill to be discussed fully and fairly,
and I repeat that I hope gentlemen will not at-
tempt to force a vote upon it to-morrow.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Vermont, in orde to avoid this call-
ing of the roll, that the gentleman from Tennes-
see, who has the bill in charge, can certainly get
the floor and call the previous question whenever
he may think it right and proper to do so.
Mr. -MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman from Tennessee if he would not be will-
ing to call the previous question to-morrow at
two o'clock.' He would have then an hour in
which to close the debate, and the House could
take the several votes upon the bill before adjourn-
ing. [Loud cries of " No !"]
Mr. NELSON. After ascertaining the opin-
ions of many of the members as to the period
when this debate should close, I have to state, in
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that I
will call the previous question at three o'clock to-
morrow. That will leave me an hour to close de-
bate upon my part, and there will then be ample
time for the House to vote upon the bill before
adjourning.
Mr. GROW. I hope now the call for the yeas
and nays will be withdrawn.
Mr. BRANCH. If the previous question is
to be called to-morrow at three o'clock, I would
suggest that, until that time, the speeches be con-
fined to thirty minutes each. Of course, I do not
apply that rule to the gentleman from Tennessee,
who reported the bill; but there are many gentle-
men who would like to be heard.
Several Members. Make it twenty minutes.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will consider it the wish of the House that
the debate shall be limited to twenty-minutes
speeches.
Mr. GOOCH. I object to twenty minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then propound
the question on thirty minutes.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then there can be no ar-
rangement.
Mr. GROW. I again appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio to witlieraw the call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. For the purpose
of relieving the House from the necessity of hav-
ing the roll called, for the yeas and nays have
been already ordered, I will withdraw the motion
to adjourn. I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New i
York withdraws the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I now renew the
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes past four o'cl&ck, p.m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 4, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guriey.
The J ournal of yesterday wTas read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate, the correspondence between
the judges of Utah and the Attorney General, or
President, with reference to the legal proceedings
and condition of affairs in that Territory; which
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by
Mr. Pugii to print the message was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr.THOMSON presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of New Jersey, in
favor of the passage of an act by Congress by
which the public domain shall be granted, in quan-
tities of not more than one half, nor less than one
quarter of a section, free of charge to each actual
settler thereupon; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Pie also presented joint resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of New Jersey, relative to
the removal of obstructions, in the river Dela-
ware; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented joint resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of New Jersey, concerning
the duties on imported merchandise; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented joint resolutions of the Le-
gislature of the State of New Jersey, in favor of
the improvement of the navigable waters on the
Atlantic, coast; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of New Jersey, concerning the
establishment of a Government foundery in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a paper in favor of estab-
lishing a mail route from Bordentown to Brown's
Mills, in Burlington county, New Jersey; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr.TENEYCK. I have received similar res-
olutions from the State of New Jersey to those
which have been presented by my honorable, col-
league. 1 desire to present them also at tho same
time; and in relation to the resolutions respecting
the public lands, inasmuch as that matter ia now
before the Senate, and those resolutions are sim-
ilar in effect to the House homestead bill, I ask,
out of respect to the State of New Jersey, that
they may be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
State of New Jersey.
Joint resolutions relative to public lands.
Whereas it is expedient that the public lauds of the Uni-
ted States should he held for the equal benefit, in limited
quantities, of all such persons as shall be willing to scttlo
upnn and cultivate the same ; and whereas, also, it is th«
true,policy of American institutions that the great mass ot*
the American people should be identified in interest with
the soil, by the unconditional ownership of a reasonable,
but limited, amount thereof: Therefore,
1. He it resolved by the Senate and General Assembly of
the State of New Jersey, That our Senators and Represent-
atives in Congress be, and they hereby are, requested to
use all honorable means to procure the passage of an act
by the Congress of the United States by which the public
domain shall be granted, in quantities of not more than one
halt, noi less-than one quarter of a sectiou, free of charge
to cach actual settler thereupon, and the title to the same
confirmed to him and his family, for a homestead : Pro-
vided, however, That the act be so guarded as not to defeat
or interfere with the rights of persons to whom land war-
rants have been, or shall hereafter he, granted for services
under the Government of the United States.
2. Jlnd he it resolved, That the Governor of this State is
hereby requested to forward an attested copy of these res-
olutions to each of our Senators and Representatives in
Congress, that the same may be presented to the national
Legislature, for its consideration.
Approved March 22, 1860.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN. I have been requested by Gen-
eral Duff Green to present a-memorial in favor of
building a Pacific railroad. Inasmuch as that
question will, I hope, come up in a very short
time for consideration, I move to lay this memo-
rial on the tabic, and that it be printed. It con-
tains a great deal of valuable information.
Mr. CLAY. I do not like to oppose the motion,
but it seems to me that would be a considerable
volume. I tliinkithad better go to the Committee
on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
go to that committee.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of Anthony
F. Navarre and William M. Rice, agents of the
Pottawatomie Indians, praying that the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs be required to furnish
them with a statement of the condition of their
affairs; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of
Cleveland, Ohio, praying the enactment of a uni-
form bankrupt law; which was referred to tho
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the establishment
of a mail route, with tri-weekly service, from Ce-
dar Rapids, in Linn county, via Toledo, Butler-
ville, Leg-rand, Marshalltown,Marietta,and Ne-
vada, to Boonesboro, in Boone county, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. POWELL presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Kentucky, instructing its Sen-
ators and requesting its Representatives strongly
to urge upon the treaty-making power of the Gov-
ernment of the United States the necessity of so
amending the tenth section of the treaty with
Great Britain in regard to fugitives from justice,
which was ratified in London, on the 13th day ef
October, 1842, by the British minister and Amer-
ican envoy, respectively, as to include in its pro-
visions fugitives from service or labor, so held
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, or of either of the States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign R-elations,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky, in reference to pensioning the
soldiers of the war of 1812; which were referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky, m reference to the enlargement
of the Louisville and Portland canal; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered .to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky, in relation to the duty on to-
