82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 19,
36th Cong.... 1st
That Black Republican Bible—The Helper Booh-—Mr. Hindman.
Ho. of Reps.
of the Government, their punishment will be in
proportion to the immense weight of national
calamity and disgrace, and of individual suffering
and rain, which they have produced. #
Over what men does this blow of annihilation
hang suspended? On what party does it fall?
That is the problem to which our action, as indi-
viduals and as members of parties, is the key.
The people will use it for reaching the proper so-
lution. They will fix the responsibility where it
belongs. I, for one, am ready for that trial, and
feel confident, beyond every doubt, that^ the po-
litical party with which I have been acting, and
am proud to act, has no cause to shun investi-
gation, or to dread the sentence that will be pro-
nounced. .
.At the opening of the session, a formidable
political organization, from the northern States
exclusively, claimed control of all the offices to
be filled. Its entire vote, lacking but three ov four
of a majority of the whole number, was concen-
trated upon a single candidate for Speaker—Mr.
Sherman, of Ohio. If the principles and pblicy
of that party had been at all national; if the ante-
cedents of its candidate had been in the least
degree conservative, there would, perhaps, have
been no sufficient excuse for prolonged and unre-
lenting opposition on our part. After such resist-
ance as would have saved our honor as a party,
we might have made a virtue of necessity, and
gracefully acquiesced in its success.
But in the present case the most conscientious
convictions of duty allowed us no such alternative.
The parj,y opposed to us was, and is, that known
as Republican—a title synonymous, in our esti-
mation, with sectionalism, with hostility to State
rights, with disloyalty to the Constitution, with
treason to the Government, and with civil war,
bloodshed, murder, and rapine.
That it is a sectional party is shown by the fact
that it has no representative here except from the
northern States, and that it sprang to life out of
the festering prejudices of northern anti-slavery
malignity, and is kept alive by appeals to those
prejudices only.
I'hat it is hostile to State rights, and disloyal
to the Constitution, is shown by its openly avowed
intention to keep the leading property interest of
the South out of the common Territories, by con-
gressional prohibition of slaveiy there, which the
Supreme Court of the Union hae solemnly ad-
judged to be unconstitutional.
That it is a treasonable party is shown by its
nullification of tfie fugitive slave law, in at least
eight northern States, and its persistent refusal to
comply with the Federal compact for the deliver-
ing up of fugitive sla^s. Not only is this done
m that number of States, but constant efforts are
made to add to the black list of recreant and dis-
honored sovereignties.
In the great State of New York, an appeal and
petition have been circulated for wig-natures, re-
questing the Legislature; to accomplish there also
the nullification of the fugitive slave law, and the
nullification of the Federal compact, by passing
one of these shameful " personal liberty bills."
That appeal apd petition I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
new york a. free state.
At an informal meeting of persons favorable to the enact-
ment of a peisonal Ubertv law, held m Albany, on tiie 12th
day of Septembci, 1850, the following appeal w 3 adopted,
and oideied to be published. _ _ .
A. M. POWELL, Chairman.
George E. Bakqu, Secretary.
Jlppeal to the people of the State of New £ ork.
Shall the soil of the Empire1 State be longei polluted by
the track ofthe slave hunter?
Shall we ourselves be subject to Ins call u> chase and
cateh his human prey?
Shall we be subjected to fine* and imprisonment lor re-
fusing thus to degrade and dehumanize ourselves
Mutt our dooi h and hearts be closed to the panting, ^ tai v-
ing stranger, who seeks shelter and protection from the ic-
morseless kidnapper, that would drat* him back to the woes
ot the plantation from which he escaped?
Must we help to send him back to the land of chain* and
tortures, from which he fled thtoujih troops of bloodhounds
scenting out his track ; through forests where wild beasts
prowl in the darkness ; th'ough rivers and dismal swamp* ;
with net e>e to pity him '••ave God's, shining through the
nortli fctar, guiding* hi* despamng child to the nearest asy-
lum, where >'the wicked cease trom troubling
Serious, solemn, momentous, are all these inquiries!
What shall our answer be ? First, we will ask the Legis-
lature to pass a law that shall forever protect our State fiom
the desecrating presence of,the slave hunter. By the. fugi-
tive slave bill of 18f>0, we are now forbidden to shelter or
asfSist the forlornest stranger who ever appealed for our
sympathy and aid. Fines and imprisonments impend over
us for exercising one of the holiestcharities of our religion.
The law of God is defded. Vice, the foulest, the blackest,
is exalted to virtue; while virtue, humanity., and holiness,
are legislated into crimes, and ^eaven's own conditions of
salvation ace impiously reversed.
We rejoice to believe that our Legislature, hjr passing a
personal liberty bill, can remedy these fearful wrongs.
A petition for such an act ha* been prepared, to accom-
pany this appeal. You are asked to &ign it, to circulate it,
to obtain for it the names of all your neighbors and fellow-
citizens, and to send it, early m January, to the Legisla-
ture. (Petitions may be sent to your member of Assembly
or Senator, or to George E. Baker, Albany, New York.)
This is no formal, idle request, but an earnest, well-con-
sidered appeal, in the name of God and humanity. And
thistippeal is made to you, reader, whoever you may be, as
one upon whom the responsibility of God's law unceas-
ingly rests.
petition.
To the honorable Senate and Jlssemb'y
of the State of New York :
The undersigned, citizens of , State of New York,
respectfully ask you to put an end to slave hunting in
New York, by enacting that 110 person who has been held
as a slave shall be delivered up by any officer or court. State
or Federal, within this State, to any one claiming him on
the ground that he owes " service or labor" to such claim-
ant by the laws of one of the slaves States of this Union.
Mr. CURTIS, (to the Clerk.) Road the names
signed to that petition.
The CLERK. There are none.
Mr. CURTIS. I thought so.
Mr. HINDMAN. Do you deny the authen-
ticity of the petition?
Mr. CURTIS. Not at all.
Mr. HINDMAN. It is simply the petition itself,
without any names affixed. 1 he petitions, with
names attached, have no doubt been sent to Al-
bany, for presentation to the Legislature.
Mr. CURTIS. With due respect, I submit
that there are no names attached to it.
Mr. HINDMAN. That is of no consequence.
I refer to the members of the New York delega-
tion to know whether or not they indorse the
prayer of that petition; whether or not, if they
were members of the present Legislature of their
State, they would vote to comply with the request
which that petition makes?
Mr. RR1GGS. I. for one, say I would not.
Mr. HINDMAN. I am satisfied as to that; I
never dreamed that you would. 1 wish to be un-
derstood as addressing my inquiry to the Repub-
lican members from the State of New York.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I simply desire to say
that I believe the New York Republicans will
neither disclaim nor indorse. Their course in
this will be on a par with the invariable conduct
of that party; they strike in the dark, and dare
not meet ihe responsibility of their conduct.
1 Mr. HINDMAN. My friend from Mississippi
is risjht. They do not answer. Their silence is
evidence of the fact that they dare not, here on
this floor, avow the sentiments which they enter-
tain on this subject. It may, perhaps, be not
inappropriate in me now to digress a little from
the line of my argument, for the purpose of ex-
posing, by facts of recent occurrence, that degree
of blindness with which fanatics habitually look
abroad in quest of imaginary evils—not seeing, or
earing to see, real and terrible wrongs at their own
door. I have seen, within a few hours past, cer-
tain proceedings of the Pcmbcrton Mills opera-
tives, in Massachusetts, published in the New
York Herald of yesterday, which I ask to be read
as a portion of my remarks.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Proceedings of the Pcmberton Spinning Operatives and
Strikers.
1. Resolved, That we, tho spinner* of the frame or ung
■ spinning on the Pcmberton Mill Corpoiation, have long
: enough endured the low prico-j.lor ourhaid laboi—wages
I which are too low to live by, as we cannot meet our bill.-*
i foi the neees<-mei-.of life with such a contemptible com-
j pensation foi our labor as has been paid us lor the past
| year.
t -2. Resolved. That wc recpectfully solicit a public mvesti-
i gation ofthe tact* ofthe ca^e, and a public exposure ofthe
| oppression and tyianny, abuse and obscenity, which have
| been perpetrated upon the female department of the Pern
, berton spinning room, trom time to time, by clinging tools
' of a monopolist eoipotation.
, 3. Resolved, That such language, and such obscene be
I havioij such malicious abase, as we have endured from
] time to time, perpetrated upon us by the menials and sjave-
! drivers in high and low places, placed over us to drive and
I hunt us down in our labor, from early morning until late at
night, is more appropriate to the barbarous or dark ages
than the enlightened age of the nineteenth cen.tury; yes,
more appropriate to the slave-drivers ofthe negroes of the
South than to the tyrannical monopolists of an enlightened
community, who seek to make the condition of the white
laborers at the North worse than that of the slaves of the
South. a********
5. Resolved, That such abuses, such vile and oppressive
means as have been resorted to, to still persist in ciushing
our everv right and just demand into a perfect annihilation,
are too much for a biute creation to withstand, and much
more for a white and intelligent community.
6. Resolved, That it i^ these vviongs, and this vile, tyran-
nical oppression, combined with incompetency of govern-
ment, and wages so low that negro slaveiy is far pieteiable,
and death sweet, rather than continued durance vile.
7. Resolved, That we believe a generous and just public
will sympathize and investigate our affairs and our condi-
tion ; 'and, also, after such investigation, every candid and
unprejudiced individual, black, yes, even the despised ne-
groes of an abolition community, as well as the white Anglo-
Saxon, both high and low, will render the verdict, namely:
that such abuse, and such oppression and wrongs, such-
mean, contemptible, tyranny over us, in the shape of sneak-
ing, cringing tools to'the meanest tyrannical dynasty that
exists in the manufacturing world at large, having duven
us to this levolt or strike for our rights and for justice at
this inclement season of the year.
8. Resolved, That unless a different state of affairs exists
in the future, both in regard to wages and in the mode of
government over us, we will die on our strike rather than
submit to such heinous and outrageous injustice fiom the
Pemberton tyrants.
9. Resolved, That in the language of a noted anti-slavery
agitator, m regard to the perpetuation of the Federal Union,
we also say, that under these circumstances that now
exist, and have existed between us and our employers, let
the former Union and the present slide forever, before they
shall any longer enslave and abuse us. * * *
11. Resolved, That the above resolutions are the unani-
mous sentiments of the I'embeiton trame spinning opera-
tives ; aHOjthat the same are authorized by us to be pnnted
in one or more or the publican esses in this city.
Lawrenck, February 14,1859.
Mr. HINDMAN. Prom the paper just read,
let the civilized world judge between the slave-
holders of tho South, whohold the negro in that
subordination lor which nature and nature's God
intended him, and the false philanthropists of the
North, who inflict, or consent to the infliction, on
white men and women, of such intolerable out-
rases and grievances as are there set forth.
Mr. GOOCH. Where do these resolutions
come from }
Mr. HINDMAN. I get them from tho New
York Herald of yesterday.
Mr. GOOCH. I would like to know whether
they are original in the New York Herald?
Mr. HINDMAN. They are furnished to the
, New York Herald by a correspondent of that
i paper, whose name is prefixed. They purport to
! have been published, some months ago, in papers
in the vicinity of Lawrence. The Clerk will
please state where they arc from.
The CLERK. They are sent from Farmington,
New Hampshire, by Iliram G. Gove.
Mr. GOOCH. Does it appear that they are
i signed bv anybody ?
1 The CLERIC. That is all there is about them.
Mr GOOCH.- I would state to the gentleman
that these resolutions appear not to have been
drawn up in Lawrence, but in a town in New
Hampshire, at a distance from Lawrence; and it
does not appear that they are signed by any-
body.
Mr. HINDMAN. I think the gentleman rests
under a misapprehension.
Mr. GOOCH. Although I see the papers of
that vicinity, still I have never seen any resolu-
tions of that kind; and I do not think that any
such resolutions can be produced, signed by any
number of individuals. I can understand per-
fectly well that some individual may have been
dismissed by that corporation, gone home to the
State of New Hampshire, and then forwarded
these resolutions on his own account, not to any
paper in the \icinity, but to the New York Her-
ald, for publication there.
Mr. HINDMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that this place is not in Massachu-
setts, but in New Hampshire?
Mr. GOOCH. Not at all. I say that the reso-
lutions purport to come from the State ot New
Hampshire, not from Massachusetts.
Mr. HINDMAN. The gentleman rests under
a misapprehension as to the facts. The resolu-
tions do purport to come from the town of Law-
rence , which is, I believe, m Massachusetts. Will
the Clerk state their date ?
The CLERK. They bear date, Lawrence, Feb-
ruary 14, 1859.
