504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
until the energy of every faculty is aroused to its
actualization or realization. This is the philos-
ophy of the success of Black Republicanism; and
if it is ever checked, the northern mind must be
elevated to a higher and better region of thought,
and the one idea of the monstrosity of slavery
must be superseded by the idea of the Constitu-
tion, and a constitutional Union as its legitimate
fruit.
The South has never sought or desired agita-
tion. All that she has ever claimed has been that
protection to which she is of right entitled; and,
m response to this righteous demand, a Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] in a speech
which he delivered in that State in 1855, declared
that this agitation of the slavery question should
never cease so long as the foot of a slave presses
the soil of the American Republic. Under these
circumstances, well did the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson,] in the opening of this ses-
sion, remark that the amendment offered by the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer]
ought not to have come from a southern member.
I do not speak with regard to his motives or his
intentions; I allude to the amendment simply in its
political aspect; and thus considering it, there is
enunciated in its phraseology a principle which,
if it prevails ,would be destructive of the rights and
safetyofthc southern people. Itbulsuspursue the
shadow of a vain hope; it would be as ruinous as the
armed horse introduced within the walls of Troy,
and more deceptive than Delilah, who desired to
know wherein consisted the strength of Samson,
that she might leave him to the mercy of the Philis-
tines. Not agitato—while agnation is spreading
through the free States! lie that sleeps when a
watchful enemy is near, is already in his power.
From the Atlantic to the Rio Grande, from the
Gulf to the mountains, through all the length and
breadth of the southern country, there ought to
be one continual agitation, until the entire South
is placed iu a position of commercial independ-
ence and a state of military defense.
The Union meetings at the North cannot bring
a sense of security to the southern people. When
we look at the sentiments enunciated at some of
those meetings, what hope of safety can be de-
rived from them? Said Mr. Raymond, at the
Union meeting held in Albany, a few days ago:
<kThi.s whole scheme of per.son.il liberty hills i.s unjusti-
fiable, and is all the woi.-i, because it i* utterly needless.
Every man knows perfectly well that no sueli law, that no
law whatever is needed on the statute-book to pievent the
return ol tugitivo slaves. How many, iu the whole history
of the country, havo been sent back fioin Now York or
New England,or Irom all the uoitliorn States? Not one in
live hundred of those who have escaped. The public sen-
timent of the country, which is the highest law in practi-
cal effect, if not in obligation and in theory, is hostile to
the execution of the law .Vl
The southern people cannot close their eyes to
the fact that counter meetings have been held j
throughout (he free .Stales; that John Brown re- {
enacted on the soil of Virginia the scenes that [
had been enacted on the soil of Kansas, that aftei |
having lived a lie for months, and introduced 1
weapons, under false labels, to invade the peace j
of a sovereign State, and having been tried, con- •
victed, and executed as a felon, the progress ot j
his corpse to its burial place was almost a tri- i
umphal procession; that, if rumor be true, the I
funeral cortege was entertained at the hotels and j
passed on the railroads and upon the steamboats j
free of expense; and that voluntary contributions !
have been gathered through those States for the :
✓ support and provision of his family. Has all this !
been done from a simple spirit of Christian be- :
nevolence? If so, why is it that no such efforts
have been made for the benelit of the starving
poor, who are in the northern cities, without j
nouses to shelterjthcm or garments to clothe thenar |
It is not from that spirit that it has arisen; and the ;
southern people arc conscious of the fact. U is
an anti-slavery sentiment that underlies all these
efforts, and because Brown was engaged in acru-
sade against the institution of slavei v as it exists
in the southern States. Not resolves does the
South need, but action. Replace those who now
hold the State governments of the free States; put
into office sound, reliable, and conservative men;
and then we will have some substantial e\idencc
of "a returning sense of justice."
I remarked in the outset that, m my opinion,
the Union is moving steadily on to dissolution.
Why? Because I apprehend that the Black Re-
publican party is advancing steadily to power,
and, in the event of its success, the Union cannot
and ought not to be maintained.-
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hick-
man] was correct when he stated that, in sen-
timent, the Union is already dissolved. The
present Union is not as our fathers made it. To
all practical intents and purposes, so far as the
attainment of its specific objects is concerned, this
Union is even now dissolved. What a spectacle
dofes it present to the world? Sovereign States,
confederated together in a common Government,
for a common purpose and common safety, and
one half of them now arming themselves against
invasion from the other half! Can such a Union
long exist in form? The sentiment of the Black
Republican organization is that of hostility to the
South. Itis unnecessary to disguise the fact that,
between that party and the people of the southern
States, there does exist a deep and settled enmity.
Its anti-slavery feeling, from oeingsubjective, has
becomc objective—transferred from slavery to the
slaveholder, and has produced a corresponding
feeling upon the part of the southern people. The
line that divides the sentiment between these two
sections is as distinctly marked as the political
status of members of the House is ascertained
by their scats upon this floor.
The Union was begotten by a sense of common
weakness, was established to provide for the com-
mon defense and the genera^ welfare, and was vital-
ized by the spirit of fraternity. But, sir, the Black
Republican party has declared war against a pecu-
liar domestic institution of the South; and when-
ever it shall have acquired the control of this Gov-
ernment that spirit of fraternity will have departed.
Having the mere form thereof, the Union must go
to decay and rottenness.
Mr. Clerk, this sentiment is the natural prod-
uct of principles which arc agrarian, radical, and
unconstitutional—subversive of the foundations
of our social system, and destructive of republi-
can government. I hear that this party professes
obedience to the Constitution and a regard for
State rights and State sovereignty; but when I
inspect the internal arrangements of its household,
1 find that the Constitution is the sugar-plum with
which to (juiet the fretting babes of Hlaek Repub-
licanism; State rights and State sovereignty are
the toys with which to delight its youths; while
those whohaveattained to the statureoffull-grown
men teed upon the sti ong meat of a "higher law"
and an "irrepressible conflict," and regale them-
selves upon the luxurious dessert of an anti-slavery
God, mi anti-slavery Bible, and an anti-slavery
constitution.
As for the reliance for southern safety which is
to be placed upon their profiled obedience to the
Constitution, its quantum may be measured by
their construction of that instrument, as exempli-
fied in a colloquy between two Senators, which
occurred on a previous question m the other end
of the (-apitol. When the deceased and lamented
Butlei asked the Senator from Massachusetts
whether, if Congress should repeal the fugitive
slave law, he and the people of Massachusetts
would send back fugitive slaves, the response of
the Senator from Massachusetts was: •' Is thy
servant a dog, that he should do this thing?"
They talk loudly that the rights of the States
must and shall be preserved. But what are those
rights in their conception ? The right of the liee
States to expansion and to carry their property
and their institutions into the Territories; the right
of the aiave States to contraction, with the denial
of the privilege of carrying their property and
th"ir institutions into the common Territories of
the Union.
Sii, the basis of our Government is that of dis-
tinct and independent sovereignties. But in their
programme for the administration of the Govern-
ment, they ignore State sovereignty. They are
cither ignorant of, or utterly disregard, the fact
that this is not a single Government, but a system
of double governments—as Mr. Calhoun remarked
—a Government of coneurrentmajorities; the ma-
jority of the people, represented m this House, and
the majority of the States, represented in the other
end of the Capitol. Yes. sir; they consider that
numbers is the controlling power of this Govern-
ment; that the States, instead of being the creators
of the Federal Government, are but subordinates
and local divisions, and their constitutions and
governments mere charters and municipal corpo-
rations. Their theory, in other words, is, that the
Federal Government is a consolidated, absolute
democracy, though representative in form.
If this be not true, why is it that gentlemen upon
the other side of this Chamber assert that, if one
of these independent sovereignties should see
proper to secede from the Union, its citizens would
be guilty of treason against the Federal Govern-
ment? Why, sir, the obcdience of a citizen to the
laws of the Federal Government is due through
and on account of his allegiance to his State; and
whenever that sovereignty sees fit to retire from
the Union, he would be guilty of treason against
his State if he obeyed not its authority.
From this theory they also deduce the responsi-
bility of the Federal Government and of the people
of the free States for the existence of slavery in
the southern States. And to meet this self-assumed
responsibility,they ai*c necessitated eithcrto claim
a power in the Federal Government to destroy
property, or assert its right and duty to pervert
its powers to that end.
Sir, it would be superfluous in me to elaborate
an argument to prove that the General Govern-
ment has no such power. I deny that such a power
exists even in State governments. It is lodged in
the inherent sovereignty of the people of the State,
as an aggregate community. Instead of the Con-
stitution conferring any such power upon the Fed-
eral Government, it has, on the contrary, denied
the right to take private property except for public
use, and not then without just compensation.
The Constitution was framed and the Federal Gov-
ernment was organized for the protection of prop-
erty, so far as its jurisdiction extends. Recognizing
this obligation upon the part of the Govern-
ment, and holding that the Territories are com-
mon property, in which the citizens of every State
have equal rights, I assert the right and duty of
the Federal Government, through all its depart-
ments, Congress included, to protcct the people
of the slaveholding States in their rights of prop-
erty in the Territories. I know that it has been
attempted to cast opprobrium upon this right by
saying that the South demands a slave code. Sir,
the term " slave" carries to my mind no idea of
ignominy, whether prefixed to a negro oracode;
and, if sufficient and necessary laws for the pro-
tection of this species of property is what is meant
by a slave code, then I am for ?i slave code.
But this is not the time nor occasion to discuss
this question, and I now return to the line of my
argument. The affirmative of the proposition,
that the Black Republican party claim power in
the Government, or the right and duty of per-
verting its powers for the destruction of property,
involves a brief consideration of two other ques-
tions; which are: Is it the purpose and end of
that party to abolish slavery? and is there such
a thing as property in slaves? I do not intend,
for ihe purpose of showing the designs of the
Black Republican party, to quote any one or more
of its prominent members, for I have been unable
to find any who arc admitted by the other side of
the Hour?? to be the acknowledged and authorized
expositors of its principles and creed; neither,
sir, do I intend to refer to the State platforms of
that party, for I am not sufficiently acquainted
with them. But there is one exposition of its
principles which has been authorized, and upon
which all agree. I allude to the platform which
was adopted, in Philadelphia in 1856, and to that
I address mj'self. Although most ingeniously
worded, yet, by placing the same construction
upon words which they do. and which I now do,
for the sake of the argument, I deduce from that
platform the following principles:
The political equality of the white man and the
liegro;
That the primary object and ulterior design of
the Federal Government are to secure the inalien-
able rights of liberty and the pursuit of happiness
to all persons within its exclusive jurisdiction,
and, of consequence, to slaves;
That Congress has sovereign power over the
Territories, and that it is its right and duty to
prohibit slavery in them; and
That slavery is a crime to be classed in the same
category with polygamy.
All of the other provisions of the platform look
more or less directly to the same end; and it closes
with an appeal to men of all parties to affiliate
with them in the support of these principles, how-
ever they may differ in other respects.
Here, then, Mr. Clerk, is a party which, aban-
