1524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
bacco; which were referred to the Gommittee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia, tg whom was re-
ferred the petition of G. W. Torrence, praying
remuneration for moneys expended and losses
sustained, while in the military service of the
United States, during the war with Mexico, sub-
mitted an adverse report.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of Charles Hare,
praying Congress to pass a law changing the name.
of the schooner Emma, a foreign vessel, and for
her enrollment, &c., submitted an adverse report.
Mr. PUGH. The Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom was referred a memorial of members of
the bar and officers of the court for the second
judicial district of the United States territorial
court for Utah, praying that the salary of the
judge for that district may be increased, and the
bill (S. No. 305) amendatory of the act entitled
" An act to establish a territorial government for
Utah," approved September 9, 1850, have in-
structed me to report the bill without amendment.
I give notice that I shall call up the bill at an early
day for the consideration of the Senate.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
369) for the protection of the fisheries upon the
Potomac river, in the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. KING asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 370)
for the relief of the Pottawatomie nation of In-
dians; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
KILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. BROWN. Yesterday morning, by direc-
tion ofthe Committee on the Districtof Columbia,
I made an adverse report on the bill appropri-
ating a certain sum of money for the construction
of the Little Falls bridge. Since then some mem-
bers of the committee think there may have been
possibly some mistake about it. 1 ask, therefore,
that it be taken from tho table of the Senate, and
recommitted to the Committee on the District of
Columbia,
The motion was agreed to; and it was
Ordered, Tlinl the 1)111 (S. No. '.202) to i-rimburpo the cor-
pouitkm ot Georgetown, in the Diitrletof t.'olimibiu, a sum
of money advanced towards tin; coiiHtiurtiou ofthe Little
Falls be recommitted to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
PA.PKK3 WITHDRAWN AND RUFEIUtlSD.
On motion of Mr. KING- , it was
Ordered, That theinemoiial of Philp & Solomon"!, and their
associate.-*, praying flic privilege ot ^constructing a horse
railway In Georgetown ami Washington, presented on tho
UUt ultimo, be inferred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
Ordered^ That tho petition of citizen* of Washington, In
relation to lighting Four-anil halt'street, on the files of the
Senate, be retcrred to the Committee on the District ot Co-
hiuibia.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
Ordered, That the petition an lpapei  of J. B. Williams,
on the filf* of the Senate, be referred to tho Committee on
Mih'taiv Attain and Militia.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLSON, it was
Ordered, That the heir? of Tliomm Udz/.aul have leavo
to withdraw their petitions and papers.
KKUITS OF NATURALIZED OITIZKNS.
Mr. SUMNEIl. I oiler the following' resolu-
tion, and nsk for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if in his opinion not inconsistent with the public
interest, to iurnibh to the Senate copius of all coue&pond-
enee not herctolom called for, relating to the claim of any
foreign Government to the military seivices of naturalized
American citizens.
It is supplementary to a resolution already
passed on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pi'gh.]
The resolution was considered lay unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ROBERT II. MORRIS.
Mr. YULEE. If there be no further morning
business, I move that the bill which was before
the Senate yesterday, for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Robert H. Morris, be taken up
and acted on finally.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator from Flor-
ida will allow me to take up a small private bill.
Mr. YULEE. That is precisely what I am
proposing to do myself.
Mr. BIGLER. This is a case of a peculiar
character.
Mr. YULEE. So is this, and it will be dis-
posed of in a moment.
Mr. BIGLER. There is an urgency for this
bill.
Mr. YULEE. So there is for mine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida moves to take up the bill (H. R. No. 242)
for the relief of the legal representatives of Robert
H. Morris, late postmaster of the city of New
York.
Mr. YULEE. I hope my friend from Arkan-
sas has made the examination which he desired.
Mr. GREEN. lie is not in.
The motion of Mr. Yoi.ee was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of tho bill (H.R. No. 242)
for the relief of the legal representatives of Robert
H. Morris, late postmaster of the city of New
York.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Arkansas
seemed to take an interest in this case.
Mr. YULEE. As I said yesterday, the bill is
based on what the committee considered a recom-
mendation from the auditing department.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I opposed the
bill yesterday; but I find that the statement which
the Senator from Florida then made in regard to
it was correct, and I have nothing to say. I find
that his action previously differed from what I sup-
posed it to have been. I had thought the action
ofhis committee ill this instance was differentfrom
its dealing with other eases heretofore. I chose,
therefore, to arrest the proceeding. I find that I
was in error in regard to it, and of course I with-
draw any remarks I have made in opposition. I
think there is some justice and equity in this claim;
but I do not know that there is to the extent the
committee think, l?ut still I shall make no opposi-
tion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SAMUEL J. IIEXSLEY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The business next
in order is the bill for the relief of Samuel J. Hens-
lev, left unfinished yesterday morning.
'Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope that will bepro-
ceeded with.
Mr. BIGLER. Tho bill No. 229, on the files
ofthe Senate, is one that I am satisfied will not
occupy five minutes.
Mr. GWIN. Let this be finished.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This is the unfinished
business.
Mr. BIGLER. Well, I yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
249) for the relief of Samuel J. Hensley is before
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole. The
Secretary was yesterday engaged in reading the.
report, which he will continue.
Mr. CRITTENDEN The reading of the re-
port was desired by the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter,] who is not here. Unless the
reading is desired, I think we might dispense
with it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like to hear it read.
I know nothing of the case. It is a large amount.
I am ignorant of it.
Tho'VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
continue where he left off yesterday morning.
The Secretary proceeded with the reading of
the report. Before concluding—
Mr. CLARK. I doubt whether the further
reading of that report will bo useful. I think the
rest of it is in regard to the finding of particular
facts with reference to the contracts. The prin-
ciples have already been developed, as far as it
has been read.
Mr. SLIDELL. I desired to hear the report
read, not from any disposition to embarrass the
bill. I want it disposed of to-day; but it involves
a very considerable amount, and I am not will-
ing that it should be passed without a knowledge
of the circumstances,
Mr. CLARK. I do not object to the further
reading of the report if anybody wants to hear it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule provides
that if an objection be made to the reading of a
paper, the quest-ion must be put to the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will dispense with the read-
ing of the remainder of tho report if the Court of
Claims has recommended the payment of the spe-
cific sum. That is the point I want to know.
Mr. CLARK. I will say that the Court of
Claims has examined the facts as to the quan-
tity delivered, and fixed the amount to which the
claimant is entitled.
Mr. SLIDELL. Has the Court of Claims
passed on the specific sum ?
Mr. CLARK. Yes; this is the specific sum
found by them to be due.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then let the Cleric read the
latter paragraph of the report.
The Secretary read the concluding paragraph
of the report.
Mr. CLARK. I think that paragraph does
not furnish, perhaps, the information the Senator
wanted; but I will say that the claim was for
something like nineteen hundred head of cattle.
The court find that lie made proof for about
twelve hundred head of cattle, and recommend
payment for twelve hundred only.
Mr. SLIDELL. At a fixed price?
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir; at a specific price,
which the court found to be reasonable.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read tho third time, and passed.
MESSAGE I'ffclM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had ordered yesterday, April 3, I860, the
printing of the following documents:
Letter from the Secretary of State, communica-
ting a copy of papers in reference to the fine which
was imposed upon Hhe owners of the schooner
Elizabeth Mary—ordered at twelve o'clock and
nineteen minutes, p. m.
Resolution of the Commonwealth of Kentucky,
in reforence to the enlargement of the Louisville
and Portland canal—ordered at twelve o 'clock and
eighteen minutes, p. m.
Resolution ofthe Commonwealth of Kentucky,
in reference to the pensioning of the soldiers of
the war of 1812—ordered at twelve o'clock and
eighteen minutes, p. in.
Resolution of the Commonwealth of Kentucky,
in reference to the duty on tobacco—ordered at
twelve o'clock and eighteen minutes, p. m.
Resolution of the Commonwealth of Kentucky,
relating to treaties for the surrender of fugitives
from labor—ordered at twelve o'clock and eighteen
minutes, p. m.
The message further announced that the House
had this day ordered the printing of the following
documents:
Joint resolutions of tho State of New Jersey,
relative to the removal of obstructions in the Del-
aware river.
Also, joint resolutions relative to public lands.
Also, joint resolutions concerning duties on im-
ported merchandise.
Also, joint resolutions for the improvement of
navigable waters on the Atlantic coast.
Also, joint resolutions concerning the estab-
lishment of a Government foundery in the State
of New Jersey—all of which were ordered at
twelve o'clock and seven minutes, p. m.
WILLIAM MEBILL.
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate——
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the question before tha Senate. Tho busi-
ness next in order will be the joint resolutions
introduced yesterday by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Greek.] " a
Mr. BIGLER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up bill No. 229 on tha files of
the Senate.
_ Mr. GREEN. I hope that myjcrfnt resolu-
tions will be referred. Such a thing has never
been refused in any instance since I have been in
the Senate. When a bill or joint resolution has
been introduced by common consent for the pur-
pose of reference, whatever it may contain, right
or wrong, good or bad, its reference has never
been refused; and therefore I object to the Sen-
