1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Delaware moves to postpone the special orders
with a view to continue for ten minutes the fur-
ther consideration of the resolutions of the Sen-
ator from Missouri. The question is on that
motion.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 16.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not purpose to enter into
the merits of the case, as the honorable Senator
from Missouri has done in part, or, as I did not
hear the previous part of the debate, others may
have done. I will state as to Mr. Medill, that the
only interest I feel in him—I do not know him
personally—is that he originally came from my
own State, and bore there a high character when
he left it. I have not heard it impeached since.
But that is not the point of my objection to these
resolutions and their reference to any committee.
Mr. Medill had notice, I have no doubt, that these
resolutions would be offered. He considered it
as a threat to him. Ho was previously advised
by his physician that it was essential to his health
that he should entirely abstain from all business,
having been laboring under an attack of disease
for three or four weeks previous, wlucli was sym-
pathetically actually affecting the mind. He had
determined and made all his arrangements to go,
when this notice was given to him the day -pre-
vious. He went before these resolutions were
offered, as I understand, at six o'clock yesterday
morning, and the resolutions were offered yester-
day after the meeting of the Senate. So much
for that.
But the objection to theso resolutions—the ob-
jection even to their referencc,#-which appears on
their face, is, that they place the Senate in <m
improper position. Take every allegation there
to be true—thatalawofCongrcss was passed; that
a certain construction was given to that which the
preamble says, in the judgmontof the Senate, was
wrong. Suppose it was wrong: is thatany reason
for the resolutions that follow it—that we should
turn ourselves into an accusatory body; that we
should interfere with the rights of the President
as regards his retention of an officer ? Is it proper
that we, who are to sit as judges in cases of im-
peachment, should take such action as this, and
commit ourselves to resolutions accusing and con-
demning a public officer on our own inquiry, and
requestinghisremovalfrom office? Isthataproper
course on the part of the Senate? Is it due to the
organization of the body and the system of our
Government, or is it consistent with it ? There is
110 charge of fraud. There is the charge that he
misconstrued a law; that he construed it differ-
ently from what the honorable Scnatorfrom Mis-
nouii says it ought to be constiued. Well, sir,
it is the fact, undoubtedly, that he construed it on
the written opinion of the Attorney General of the
United States. It may be wrong. Concede his
construction to be wrong: is that a reason ffir Con-
gress passing these resolutions, or even sending
them to a committee? Is it within our province,
because a public officer may make an erroneous
decision on the construction of a law, to censure
him by the vote of the Senate, and request the
President t® remove him ? Those are the prop-
ositions in the two resolutions. If it is not, will
not the Senate say that is not a subject for ref-
erence to a committee, and that we should lay.it
on the table? On the face of it, without inquiry
into the facts, supposing the facts to be true, that
the decision was so made, supposing the decision
to be palpably erroneous in the judgment of a ma-
jority of the Senate, does it justify this proceed-
ing? I will say hero that I looked at that question
a year ago, when the opinion of the Attorney
General was published, and I think it a rather
doubtful question. I am inclined to think the
Attorney General is right—I will not say he is;
but I rather incline to think he is—in his construc-
tion of the law. I may be wrong. 1 may change
that opinion on a more full investigation, for I
only read the opinion, and it seemed to be not an
unreasonable one; and yet, on this state of facts,
the Comptroller, acting on his opinion, having
dccided that there we're no damages, because the
contract was not abrogated by the Postmaster
General, we are to pass a resolution censuring him
i'or hi# conduct, and another saying that ho ought
to be removed.
I think this system of action on public officers
is not within the intendment of the Constitution.
I think that if they have done wrong in the per-
formance of their duties, impeachment is what is
to be resorted to; not this course of action. I
like to keep the several departments—executive,
judicial, and legislative—separate from each other.
I pass no opinion on the propriety of the action
of Mr. Medill as a matter of law, whether he was
right or whether he was wrong; and I do not un-
derstand the resolutions to charge him with im-
proper motives; but if they did, I think that would
only render it more.necessary that the accusation
should spring from the House of Representatives;
and it must embody the Attorney General also, as
well as the Comptroller, for they both stand in
precisely the same position as regards this ques-
tion; and if so, we may be called upon to sit here
as judges under our oaths for the purpose of de-
termining the guilt or innocence of the public
officer. Is it right, then, that by these resolutions
we should beforehand commit our minds as to a
question on which we may have hereafter judi-
cially to act? I think not. I think, therefore, on
the face of the resolutions, without reference for
one instant to the question whether the decision
was right or wrong, whether the remedy ought
to have been given or not, this is not the proper
mode to put the party on his trial; and therefore
the resolutions ought to be laid on the table.
Further, I will add, that this act of the Comp-
troller, be it right or wrong, was done in August,
1857; and there was no complaint made here, or
any motion made to attack and arraign that officer
for his decision, for a period of-more than eighteen
months. Now, when he is lingering under sick-
ness, known to have existed for two weeks pre-
vious to the introduction of these resolutions, it
would seem somewhat hard that resolutions which
do go to the character and to the standing of the
man, which seek to deprive him of the office
which he holds, by irregular action on the part of
the Senate, should be called lip and referred to a
committee for investigation when the party is not
here to be heard. I submit to the Senate, for these
considerations, that the resolutions, at least for the
present, should lie on the table; and I make that
motion.
Mr. GREEN. I hope the Senator will not
take that course to cut off all possible debate.
Mr. BAYARD. I will not prevent the honor-
able Senator from discussing it as much as he
pleases.
Mr. GREEN. I move the further postpone-
ment of the special order for ten minutes.
Mr. PUGH. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. GREEN. 1 have not yielded the floor.
Mr. PUGH. Then I object to that motion.
Mr. GREEN. You may object to the motion
after I get through. I have the floor now.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator has not the floorto
debate it. It is not a debatable motion.
Mr. GREEN. I have the floor; and, until I
yield it, he has no privilege to speak.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
uick in the chair.) It is moved and seconded
that the Senate postpone the consideration of all
previous orders, to consider this subject for ten
minutes further.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object to that;because, if
this subject is continued under discussion, I shall
want to move an amendment to the resolutions,
and I should want time to prepare it. My objec-
tion to the resolutions, I will say in a word, is that
they assume certain facts, and therefore I 
, Mr. GREEN. I object to his discussing the
resolutions. He shall not do it. .It is not in or-
der, and he knows it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not permit any gen-
tleman to tell me 1 shall not do a thing on this
floor.
Mr. GREEN. Well, I object to it; and I call
on the Presiding Officer to enforce the rule.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very well; address your-
self to the Presiding Officer.
Mr. GREEN. 1 do, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri raise a distinct question ef
order?
Mr. GREEN. I do; that ho shall not discuss
the merits of the question on this motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to discuss the merits of the question; but it
is in order to give reasons why the Senate should
or should not yield to the motion of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. WADE. Is anything before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Louisiana has the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was going on to say,
until I was interrupted, in a manner somewhat
discourteous, at all events, that I was unwilling
that these resolutions should be postponed for ten
minutes only; because it would not give time to
dispose of them as I think they ough^to bejiis-
posed of; that I should have an amendment to
offer, which I should not have time to prepare.
These were the reasons which I was about giving,
when I was interrupted, in a manner of which I
leave the Senate to judge.
Mr. GREEN. I have no objection to such rea-
sons as those; but when he undertakes to discuss
the merits of the resolutions, I will object; for he,
as well as myself and the Presiding Officer, knows
it to be out of order.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I ask unanimous consent to
order my resolutions to be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
goes to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GREEN. No, sir. I mean the resolu-
tions I offered.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to carry with that order
a motion to print an amendment which I intend
to offer.
Mr. GREEN. I have no objection.
The motion to print was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
"Vice President:
An act (S. No. 81) for the relief of Elizabeth
M. Cocke, widow of Major James H. Cocke,
late marshal of the district of Texas; and
An act (S. No. 302) in relation to the return of
undelivered letters m the Post Office.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the home-
stead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
business now before the Senate.
I The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
280) to secure homesteads to actual settlers on
the public domain.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, the substitute pro-
posed by the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. John-
son] is only the bill reported by the Committee
on Public Lands—of which he and I are both
members—during the last Congress, as well as at
an early period of this session. Itayns to estab-
lish a general policy in respect to the disposition
of our public dofnam; not a new policy, as I con-
ceive, but an ancient policy enlarged m its appli-
cation; not a policy adverse to the principles of
our Federal Constitution, or the reserved rights
of the State#, but in faithful accordance with the
one and the other; not a policy intended or calcu-
lated to waste the landed property of the Govern-
ment, or impair its revenue from that source, but,
in fact, to enhance the usefulness of the former
and vastly improve the latter.
The substitute—or as I call it, the Senate bill—
proposes to grant one hundred and sixty acres,
by a regular subdivision and alternate sections,
from the public lands hitherto surveyed, or which
may hereafter be surveyed, and subject to sale at
private entry, to any citizen of the United States,
being the head of a family, who will settle upon
the tract so granted and cultivate it for a term of
five years.
My colleague [Mr. Wade] has mentioned sev-
eral particulars in which lie prefers the original
House bill. I agree with him as to one of these,
and shall endeavor to amend the Senate bill ac-
cordingly; but I differ as to all the rest.
I agree that no distinction ought to be made be-
tween persons of alien birth, nowresident in the
United States, and persons who may hereafter
become residents and regularly declare their in-
tention to become citizens. Both classes ought to
be included; and why that was not done by the
Senate bill originally, or by some amendment
from the Committee on Public Lands, I confess
myself unable to answer.
Three other objections of my colleague are con-
tained in a single paragraph of his speech:
" In the next place, the Senate bill confines the benefits
