506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
would be peace. But whenever this Government,
ill the opinion of the southern people, shall have
failed to accomplish the ends for which it was
instituted, the southern States, cxcrcising their
right, will abolish it, and institute a new Govern-
ment, laying its foundation in such principles and
organizing it in such forms as to them shall seem
most likely to effect their safety and happiness.
Whenever they see proper to exercise these rjghts,
then, if war comes, it must come from the North.
If war must come, letitcome. The smoke which,
will arise from its fields of carnage and blood may
obscure the sun which sends forth life and light
and vigor, but when that shall have eleared away,
the same sun will shine with undiminished bril-
liancy upon a rcdecmed'and disinthralled South.
I have'now done. I abide coming events, and
cast in my lot with that of the people of Alabama,
be it for weal or woe.
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Clerk, as much has been
said in some of the New York papers, which are
read very extensively in my district, reflecting
upon me individually, and upon the course I have
seen fit to pufsuc in giving my vote as I have for
Speaker of this House, I feel it to be incumbent
upon me to make some reply. In doing so, how-
ever, I shall not causc those papers, or any part
of them, to be read; for I do not approve of put-
ting on the records of this House newspaper
writings,'whether good or bad. But I shall en-
deavor to answer them all in a general way.
Mr. Clerk, on the 14th of last month I submit-
ted a few remarks to this House. With one other
single exception, of a very few words, I have not
obtruded myself upon this assemblage. My voice
has not been heard, except in answer to the call
for my vote, which has thus far been given to the
Republican party, for reasons which I distinctly
stated on the 14th of December. *1 did not vote
for the nominee of the Republicans so that I might
be an acknowledged member of that party, but
because I believed that it was fair and right, un-
der the existing state of things, for that party to
have the presiding officer of this House. Conse-
quently, every vote which I have given for Speaker
has been given for those who have voted with that
party. In thus voting, however, 1 did not indorse
the Helper book, any more tlmn does a national
man of the Administration party indorse the in-
flammatory disunion speeches which have been
made upon their wide of the House. I never did
indorse the Helper book, or any other book or
sentiment which could, by any possibility, have
a tendency to alienate the States or people of this
country one from the other; and 1 have always
considered that anymanorset of men who would
willfully do anything to disturb the peace and good
feeling between the people of this country were
traitors to the Government and to the best inter-
est.* of the people.
If I had the least suspicion tluit (lie Republican
party was intent to deprive any of the States or
people of their rights, or to infringe upon any
rights guarantied ahketoall the States and people
by the national Constitution, I certainly should
not give my vote to aid in so doing. But 1 can-
not believe that the Republican party, or any con-
siderable number of those who compose that party,
desire, or would do, any such thing. But if that
party did seek to abolish slavery from the land,
it certainly would not be worse than the only other
party m this House which can by any possibility
organize the House; for the objectof the so-called
Democratic party seems to be to abolish the na-
tional Government. Between these two parties
I did not hesitate to decide, but gave my vote
promptly to that party which I believed to be the
least dangerous to the country, even if all the evi-
dence is true as against each other. "We who live
in the first congressional district of the State of
New York claim to be free men. The free waters
of the world surround us. The breezes that come
up from those waters nourish and cherish the
principle of freedom in the hearts of the people of
that district.
Hence, freedom is the natural growth of our
soil, and the people have-ever been as free as the
air they breathe, free as the waters of the mighty
ocean which breaks its waves upon their shores.
They are free, because they know how to be
free. They know that no man can be, free, ac-
cording to the true meaning of the term, who is
not obedient to the Constitution and laws of the
land. They know that strict obedience to all
constitutional authority, in this country, crowns
them with the diadem of freedom.. And they love
the Union, not because they think that it is bound
i together by a chain of gold, and only to be loved
so long as they, can hold that chain m their own
hands, and be allowed to sci'apc its strength and
substance into their own laps; but they do love
the Union upon the principle taught them by their
mothers—that they should love the breast that
gives them nourishment, the eyes that watch over
them, and the strong arms that protect them.
They love the Union because they know the value
of and how to appreciate the kindred bonds of
brotherhood. They arc ready to defend the Con-
stitution and the Union as long as there is a drop
of blood in their veins, because they have sons
and daughters, brothers and sisters, m every part
of the country, to whom they arc bound by the
strongest ties of nature. They love the Union,
and all the people of this country, because they
know that every true son and daughter of Amer-
ica, whether native or adopted, return their love,
and stand to-day ready, if necessary, to cement
this Unionvby their united blood, and to protect
it from the polluting hands of demagogues or de-
signing politicians, let them come from what part
of the country they may. They love the Union
because it was formed by their forefathers, the
memory of whom they reverence. And I hear
their voice coming up like the sound of many
waters, calling upon us, m the spirit of the im-
mortal Washington, to cease this party and sec-
tional strife, that reason and judgment may prevail ,
in these councils for the gooi of our common |
country. i
I claim no right to speak for the people of the
district from whence 1 come, until F have done ;
that which they and the Constitution require mc ,
to do before 1 am authorized to enter upon their i
service or to speak m their name; yet I hear their !
voice and dare not longer refuse to open my ■
mouth, fearing lest the very stones might cry
out against mc; lor I believe that the course which :
wc are pursuing here is inflicting wounds upon
the principle of self-government which it will
take a lifetime of penance to atone for. What is
the cause of all this discord and confusion ? Does
it lie within the reach of the powers of this as-
sembly3 or would it be within reach of the pow- ;
ers of the House of Representatives, if we had
such a House? Was this national Government '
formed for the sole object of protecting slave prop- i
erly? Are there not other national interests? ;
Where is that old conservative Democratic party i
which held that this Government was established j
to protect the lights and interests of all, under |
the direction of, and in accordance with, the will
of the greatest number ? ]
If I understand aright, I hear this Administra-
tion party claiming that the majority shall not 1
control. Yet they call themselves the only na-
tional, the only conservative party in the nation. ;
Is it true that, in this nineteenth century, and in i
free America, the only national and conservative 1
party is a pro-slavery party, bound by no other
interests than that of enslaving human beings, and i
protcctingthemoiilyasehattels,asproperty? say- \
ing the Government shall not be administered, un- 1
less the people acknowledge it to be a slave Gov- ;
crnment, extending and protecting the traffic m ;
human beings throughout, the length and breadth
of the land. Do they call themselves the Demo- ;
cratic party, the only national party, whilst they
claim that the spirit and intent of this Government
j is, that it is the inherent right of the strong to en-
i slave the weak, and hold them as property, to be
j bought and sold as horses? They have, undoubt-
| edly, the woveieign right to make such claim, and
; to tell us how they can reconcile it with any true
' Democratic principle of this nation. But they
have no right to charge us with being disorgan-
i izers, because we do not so understand the demo-
i cratic principle of the Government. !
I have listened with great attention to the
speeches made by the Administration party in ,
this House, to learn, if possible, where I could
find the Democratic party, according to any true
definition of the term foundin the English language; ■
but I have sought in vain; for there are not, seem- '
1 mgly, any two who agree upon any essential ;
points, except m tha words "slave property." '
; These words seem to be the talisman of the party. \
; Instead, therefore, of perverting the English lan- 5
1 guage by calling themselves the Democratic party, ;
they should use it in its true sense, and call their
party by its right name—"the slave-property
party;5' or, the Abolition-Administration party.
We could understand cither of these terms, and
plainly sec the connection of the name with the
object; but to call themselves the great Democratic
party, whilst they do not hold one essential prin-
ciple pertaining to Democracy, is an insult to the
common sense of mankind. The people who sent
mc here are true to the Democratic principle upon
which this Government was based, and many of
them have been led to believe that the so-called
Democratic party of this day embodied that prin-
ciple. My wish is to truly and faithfully represent
their Avilland_ wishes. Hence my desire to find the
E arty which is loyal to the Government, as framed
y our fathers, upon free national Democratic
principles.
I have contrasted the words and actions of the
two great political parties in this assemblage, and
I find some of those principles in the Republican
party, but none in the so-called Democratic party
Therefore my duty seemed plain, especially when
I saw that by following the bent of my own in-
clination, I should be in the way of, and tend to
obstruct the organization of this House, which I
did not conceive to be right or proper for mc to
do. There has been no time when my vote could
have elected a Speaker. I indicated my political
preference by the first votes which I gave m this
House. I did not suppose that I could appoint
a Speaker, or have any influence in appointing
one, only so far as my individual vote would
count. I stand alone, for I have not the honor of
belonging to any political party as now organ-
ized, neither have I ever been a member of any
one of them. 1 cannot vote for an Administration
man without violating the principle upon which
I was elected; without betraying the trust and con-
fidence of those who sent mc here. I waselected
in opposition to an Administration man, and was
voted for by as good and true Democrats as ever
lived—so true to themselves and to their princi-
ples, that they would not bow their heads, nor
bend their knees, to the power of this Adminis-
tration, nor wear the party collar of dictation.
The people had their reasons for denouncing the
Administration and its candidate in our district,
which it would not become me to discuss now in
this place. I will merely say that the people in my
district are true to the best interests of the coun-
try, and they are sure to let their Representatives
feel their displeasure if they have but the suspi-
cion I hat they are not true to such interests, no
matter what party they belong to.
I could not vote for the American party, bo-
cause there is but one member of that party here
who was elected upon similar principles as my-
self, and he, as 1 understand it, has been voting
against the principles upon which I was elected.
I was known to be constitutionally opposed to
any action of Congress in relation to the subject
of slavery, except in carrying out to its very
letter every requirement of that instrument, but
no further. The gentleman to whom I have re-
ferred, (my colleague from New York,) has voted
for men who are, as I understand it, in favor of
Congress passing a slave code for the protection
of slavery in the Territories.
Mr. BRIGGS. Will my colleague permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. CARTER. Oh no, sir; wait until I get
through.
Mr. BRIGGS. I do not desire my colleague
to place me in a false position. He charges that
I have voted for a gentleman for Speaker who
avows that he is in favor of a congressional code
for the protection of slavery in the Territories. I
ask him for the proof of that charge.
Mr. CARTER. T do not desire to misrepre-
sent my colleague or any other man upon this
floor. If I did not understand some South Amer-
ican yesterday to say that he required that the
nominee of the Democratic party should avow
that lie was in favor of having a slave code passed
by Congress to protect slavery in the Territories,
I am certainly very much mistaken.
Mr. BRIGGS. "To which of the gentlemen, for
whom I have voted, do you allude as being in favor
of a congressional code for the protection of sla-
very in the Territories?
Mr. CARTER. I did not allude to any man in
particular. I allude to the South Americans, and
I appeal to the South Americans now, and ask
