1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
them whether they are not in favor of passing a
slave code for the protection of slavery in the Ter-
ritories ? If it is not so, I would be glad to hear
any one of them deny it.
Mr. McllAE. What question does the gentle-
man ask ?
Mr. CARTER. I did not speak to you, sir.
[Laughter.]
Mr.HARDEMAN. I state,forone,distinctly,
that I am.
Mr. CARTER. Well, I understand that.
Mr. HARDEMAN. And I aminfavorof every
right which the South has, and I intend to demand
them upon this floor.
Mr. Q.UARLES. Yes, sir; I am one of the
southern Opposition, and I, for one, hold that the
people of the State which I have the honor in part
to represent, have the right, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to move to and settle on
the common Territories of the United States, and
to carry with them their slaves, together with
their other property; and should the Territorial
Legislature enact a law depriving them of their
legal and constitutional rights in and to their
slaves, then the persons whose constitutional
rights of property are thus violated, have the
right, under the Constitution of the United States,
to call on every branch of this Government, ex-
ecutive, judicial, and legislative, to protect them
in tlieir constitutional rights thus violated. But,
sir, I would not pass a law protecting these con-
stitutional rights, in advance of such violation of
them. A necessity for this case may never arise,
and I presume never will, if, as I fondly hope,
peace and quiet arc again restored; and I would
not legislate for a remote contingency. And while
I would maintain with unwavering firmness all
the constitutional rights of the South m relation
to slavery, I believe that the further agitation of
that question tends to no piactical good to any
portion of our common country, and should there-
fore cease, both here and elsewhere: regarding
the principle as settled, that the people of the Ter-
ritories, when they come to form a constitution
and establish a State government, shall decide the
question of slavery for themselves, but not until
then. But, as a southern man, I will never yield
the abstract constitutional right of my constitu-
ents to be protected in their rights of property in
our common Territories, should an occasion ever
arise foi its exercise and they may choose to as-
sert it.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Clerk 
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from New
York yield to the gentleman from Tennessee?
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Etheridge, as I under-
stand, does not belong to the southern Opposition,
but 1 give way to him with great pleasure.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The last remark of the
gentleman would indicate, perhaps, that he did
not allude to me in the inquiry which he put to
my friends. If not, I have not a word to say.
Mi. BOTELER. Perhaps the gentleman from
New York alluded to me.
Mr. CARTER. I will be very happy to hear
from the gentlemen from Virginia,but I yield now
to the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. But if the gentleman did
refer to me, I desire to say a word in regard to
this subject. I have heretofore, on this floor, ex-
pressed a legal opinion as to the proper meaning
and legal construction of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. That opinion has been, during this session,
leferred to by gentlemen on the other side, in
some inquiries heretofore submitted to my col-
leagues. I have said, as a lawyer, that in my
judgment, according to all fair rules of construc-
tion—by every fair mode of construing law or
language—the Kansas-Nebraska bill, on its face,
gives to the people of the Territories the right,
while in a territorial condition, to form and regu-
late, as thev see lit, their own domestic institu-
tions, including slavery. I was a member of the
Congress that passed that bill, and opposed it
with all my power. I am assured, in fact I know,
that it was the cotemporaneous construction put
upon that bill by all, or at least by nine tenths, of
those who voted for it. I know that afterwards,
in the Thirty-Fourth Congress, distinguished
members of the party that passed the bill, rose in
their places and declared this to be the^ntent and
true interpretation of the bill. I have always held
and expressed this opinion of the bill, and I say
now, that any of the organized Territories, organ-
ized with the same or similar power to that which
has been conferred on Kansas and Nebraska,
•must have this power while such organic act re-
mains on the statute-book. And whenever such
organized Territory shall, by legislative enact-
ment, prohibit slavery, I will never vote fora con-
gressional slave code to introduce slavery among
them, against the popular will of the people of such
Territory.
Before you can claim the right to do this, you
must reverse the action of Congress and change
your present legislation. I say that when the
people of a Territory thus organized indicate their
wish to have slavery, they have done only that
which they are fully authorized by this act to do.
When they indicate that they do not want it, I, as
a southern man, looking to the real interest of the
people I represent, will never favor any action of
Congress which is designed to interfere with the
legislative will of the people upon that subject,
while they are living under a territorial law sim-
ilar to that under which Kansas and Nebraska
were organized. I repeat, I will not do it. I
would consider the consequences resulting from
congressional interference of this kind, under the
circumstances I have named, as finally injurious
to the best interests of the people of the southern
States; and I believe it would be in bad faith to
the people of these Tcrritoues; for they have been
fully clothed with authority to do as they please
in regard to it. I will not elaborate the matter
further. That is my opinion, and, in my judg-
ment, it was the opinion of most of those who
voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
Mr. CARTER. 1 understand the gentleman
from Tennessee to say that the people of a Ter-
ritory have a natural, indisputable right to regu-
late these matters for themselves.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. 1 say that while the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill is the law of the land, and while
: political parties swear by it, I will never interfere
1 with anything the people may do in regard to the
! establishment or prohibition of slavery in the
I Territories.
1 Mr. LAMAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to put a question to him ?
Mr. CARTER. The gentleman will excuse me.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. CARTER. Not now. I yield to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Boteler.] I un-
derstand that he wishes to answer my question
in regard to a slave code for the Territories.
Mr. BOTELER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Briggs] did me the honor to vote for
i me several times, and I presume I was the person
who was referred to by his colleague, [Mr. Car-
ter.] I have this to say: we held our slaves
before the Constitution ; we hold them under
the Constitution; and will continue so to hold
them, despite any interpretation that may be put
by a majoiity on that Constitution. 1 hold that
the Territories are the common property of the
citizens of all the States. I hold that every citizen
of every State has on equal right to go into the
Territories and carry his property there, and that
, the Constitution affords him a shield and protec-
! tion in the peaceable tenure of his property while
! in the Temtoiies. I hold that no Legislature of
! a Territory, before it is admitted as a State, can
j, interfere many manner with the existence of those
rights.
'! Mr. LAMAR. Will the gentleman from New
!i York allow me 
i • Mr. CARTER. No, sir; Virginia and New
. York have the floor. [Laughter. ]_ 1 have bccntry-
; ing to learn parliamentary rules, since I came here,
| as every mail should do. I wish the gentleman
1 from Virginia to answer me distinctly, so that I
i can understand him, whether he is in favor of any
action by Congress in regard to the protection of
slavery m the Territory ?
Mr. BOTELER. By Congress, by the Exec-
utive, by all the power of the Government to pro-
tect the citizens of the South m the enjoyment of
their rights of property.
Mr. CARTER. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. It may be a work
of supererogation on my part to define my posi-
tion on this question. I have heretofore avowed
that I was in favor of a congressional slave code,
as you please to term it. I canvassed that ques-
tion in my district, and my views received the
approbation of my people.
Mr. CARTER That is all the answer I
want.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I pledged them
on every stump in my district to the principles
which I advocated there in defense of the rights
of the South, and which I advocate here; and
when called upon by the gentleman from New
York, I would be recreant to the pledges which
I made to my constituents, did I not say to him
that I am in favor of protecting them in tlieir
rights of property in all the Territories of this
Government—Territories acquired by the com-
mon blood and common treasure of all the States
of the Union.
Mr. CARTER. 1 only yielded the floor for a
simple answer to a simple question. I did not
yield it for the gentleman from Kentucky to make
a speech; neither do I intend that he shall make
a speech while I am on the floor. I use that lan-
guage with all due respect^and courtesy. But 1
have my rights here, like every other man, and I
intend to maintain and protect those rights. When
I shall have got through the remarks that I intend
to make, the gentleman will have all the oppor-
tunity that I can afford him to make such remarks
as he pleases.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. The gentleman
asked me a question, and I am responding to it.
Mr. CARTER. You have answered it fully
and frankly; and I am very much obliged to you.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. You are exceed-
ingly welcome, sir. [Continued laughter.]
Mr. BRIGGS. Will my colleague yield to
mc?
Mr. CARTER. With the greatest pleasure in
the world.
Mr. BRIGGS. The gentleman from Virginia
| [Mr. Boteler] may be in favor of congressional
'] legislation to protect slavery m the Territories;
j but his opinions agree with mine, that the Con-
i stitution will protect slavery there.
i [Here Mr. Carter walked down the aisle and
, tookapositioninfrontofhiscolleague,amovement
! which gave rise to much laughter.]
j Mr. Clerk, as I was saying, while I agree with
my friend from Virginia [Mr. Boteler] in his
i construction of the Constitution, that slave prop-
I erty is recognized by the Constitution in thcTer-
i ritories, I never have felt, nor do I now believe,
! that there was any necessity for congressional
| legislation for the purpose of giving additional pro-
I tection beyond what is afforded by the Constitu-
I tion itself. My views in regard to slavery in the
| Territories are these: non-intervention—or it may
i be termed pop.ular sovereignty, the principle en-
i tertamcd somewhat by the distinguished Senator
' from Illinois—I hold that it is the right of the
i people to dispose of that question, to settle it in
I their own way, when they assemble to consider
: and decide that question. So in the case of Kan-
sas; the people there having met in convention and
j adopted a constitution in which slavery is pro-
! hibited. I think the bill passed at the last session
: is restrictive of their rights, for the reason that it
1 required of Kansas that she should contain apop-
: ulation of ninety-three thousand inhabitants be-
fore she should "be admitted into the Union as a
State. I believe that legislation was partial. I
, think that the people of that Territory or State
having declared themselves in favor of a free con-
stitution, and having asked admission, or being
about to ask admission, into the Union, it woulu
be my duty to vote for such admission.
I And whilst my colleague is endeavoring to make
a point upon me, for the purpose, as I conceive, of
disparaging me, I will say that when I voted for
. my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Boteler,] I did
! not understand him then as being in favor of a con-
1 gressional slave code. But I will vote for that gen-
j tleman a thousand times. I would deem it my
: duty to vote for him infinitely sooner for Speaker
! of this House than T would vote for any gcntle-
: man on this side of the House who would indorse
: the sentiments contained in Helper's book.
Mr. CARTER. I thank the gentleman for his
explanation. I suppose he has made it clear to
' everybody in the House but myself. So far as I
am concerned, I must confess I am unable to
' gather the gist of it.
; Mr. McllAE. Mr. Clerk- 
| Mr. CARTER. No,sir; Idonotyield. Iunder-
' stood that the South American (or Opposition)
! party is in favor of such a code. That led me to
