1528
THE CONGRESSIONAL • GLOBE.
April 4,
"passed by the Thirty-Fourth Congress, there have
been donated to Iowa, Alabama, Florida, Louis-
iana,Wisconsin, Michigan, Mississippi, and Min-
nesota, for like purposes, between fifteen and
twenty million acres.
Nor has the policy of such grants been aban-
doned, even at this session, by several Senators
who have signalized themselves in opposition to
the present measure. I hold in my hand Senate
bill Wo. 122, " to establish a communication by
railroad and telegraph between the Atlantic States
and California, ana for other purposes," intro-
duced by the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Wig-
fall,] and now upon the Calendar. I ask the
Secretary to read me tha first two sections of that
bill.
The Secretary read, as follows:
JBc it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jhncrica m Congress assembled,
Tluitj to aid n  the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line Irom the Mississippi river to the western boundaiy of
Texas, and from thence to the Pacific ocean, there is here-
by granted, on the terms and conditions hereinafter men- !
noned, to the Southern Pacific. Itailioad Company, chai-
tercd by the State of Te.\a«. of which J. Edgar Thompson
of Pennsylvania, Vernon K.Stevonson, Samu.M Tate, and
*.leptha Fowlfces of Tennessee, Jame.< Outline of Ken-
tucky, William II. Clement of Ohio, John P. Kmc; of Geor-
gia, Charles T. Pollard of Alabama, William C. Smod.es
of Mississippi, John K- McDrmic) of Virginia, J. T. Hauler
and S. L. M. Barlow of New York, II. W. Loughciv, Jason
C. Wilson, W. T. Scott, J. Robinson, and others of Texas,
are directors, their associates, suecessois, and assigns, every
alternate section of land, to the amount ot tlnee altcnjjite
(sections per mile on either side ofsaidiaihoad and telegiaph
line, from the Mississippi river, south of the thirty-eighth
parallel of north latitude, to tho eastern boundaivof the
State of Texas, and eveiy alternate section of land, to the
amount of twenty-five alternate sections pci mile on each
side of said railroad and telegraph hue, fiom the western j
boundary of Texas, on the most eligible route to the ('astern '
boundaiy of California, in the direction to tian Francisco ; I
and Iroin thence, lo the amouutof six alternate sections p;>i !
mile on each side of said raihoadand telegraph line, on the
most eligible route to the Pacific ocean, at oi near Snn
Francisco. And thw road shall pa^s over the Rocky Mount-
ains south of the thirty-fourth parallel of north latitude.
Skc. 2. .find beitJuUhcr enacted, That, to aid in the con
struetion of a railioad and telegraph line fiom the
river, commencing north ot the tluitv-eighth (3^) p.uallel of
north latitude, and thence on the most eligible route to the
Pacific ocean, crossing the Rocky Mountains north ot the
thirty-fourth (151)^araJlelof north latitude, a grant of lands
is hoieby made, upon the terms afoie.sanl. to William IJ.
Swift ol Massachusetts, Erastus Coming of New York,
George W. ('ass of Pennsylvania, H. S. 1,'Uommcdien ot
Ohio, Thomas A. Monis of Indiana, Henjamin U. La-
trobe of Maryland, William ft. Ocden of Illinois, Charles
Mason of Iowa, J. W. tlrooks or Michigan, John O'Fal-
len, John flow, Kobert Campbell, and A. S. Mitchell of
Missouri, and their associates, successor*, and assign*",
every alternate section of laud, to the amount or mx sec-
tion* per mile on each hide of waid iailio«ul and telegraph
line, for the distance of five hundied miles from the western
boundary of the State of Iowa or Missouri, on the most eligi- ,
blc ioute towards the pa:*s selected therefor over tho Kooky -
Mountains; and fiom the end of said five hundred miles,
to the amount of twenty-five alternate sections per mile on
each side thereof, on the most direct eligible route to the
eastern boundary of tho Stateof California, in the diioctioa
ot SanFiancisco; and from said eastern boundarv, to the
amount of six alternate seetioni per mile on each side of
said lailroad and tulegiaph line, on the most direct eligible
route to the Pacific ocean, atoi near San Fianeiseo, with
a braneh'and telegiaph from the nearest practicable point
on said main railioad to the navigable waters ot the Colum-
bia river, at or near its mouth, or to Png^t sound; to aid
in constructing which, a like grant of iatuK to said company
to the amount of ten alternate sections per mile on each
side of said branch railroad and telegraph line is hereby
made.
Mr. PTTGH. Now I ask the Secretary to read
that portion of the fourth section which I have
marked.
Tho Secretary rca'l, as follows:
And in all ca^cs when; the United States have disposed
of any of the alternate sections granted hy this act, or for
any other reason cannot convey title thcteto, or whcic the
«aiuo shall bo condemned by the United State* sutveyoras
svorthless, (and his decision shall be approved hy the Sec-
retary of the interior,) or where the same shall be mineral
lands in California, (which are herematter excepted fiom
i he operations of this act,) the deficiency shall be made up
by other sections from the nearest unappropaatnd public
lands belonging to the United States to which none of the i
aforesaid objections apply. And the alternate sections 1
granted by this act shall in all eases when surveyed, be
those designated by odil numbers: Provided, That so soon
as this act is passed and accepted by the companies under-
taking to build the roads, it shall be the duty of the Presi-
dent of the United States to cause the public lands for forty
miles on each side of so much of said roads as the com-
panies shall indicate to be withheld fiom settlement and
occupation until the lands shall have been surveyed and
the alternate sections selected, as provided for in this act.
In addition to all these grants, the seventh
section of the same bill provides for a loan of
#70,000,000, upon almost indefinite terms of re-
payment, in aid of the railroads and telegraphs
thereby contemplated. Will the Senator from
Texas inform us whereabout in the Constitution
of the United State%, as interpreted by itself, or
with the aid of his detailed narrative of the events
which preceded or accompanied the separation of
the thirteen colonics from the dominion of the
British Crown—whereabout in the famous Ken-
tucky or Virginia resolutions of 1798 and 1799,
or in Mr. Madison's report, he discovered that
the Federal Government had any more authority
to provide railroads and telegraphs in Louisiana
ana California and Oregon, as well as in the Ter-
ritories, than it has to bestow lands upon the land-
less, or securo homes for the homeless?
Mr. "WIGRALL. With the permission of tho
Senator, I will ask that the caption and tho parts
of the first and sccond sections of the bill which
1 have, marked, be read, and I will then explain
veiy briefly,
Ihe Secretary read, as follows:
A bill to authoiizo contracts and make provision for the
sale, eci tain, and more speedy transportation by railroad
ol mail;?, tiooph, munitions of war, military and naval
store* between the Atlantic States and California, and
for other purposes. * , * * * * *
That, to insure the safe, certain, and speedy transport-
ation of mails, troops, munitions of war, military and naval
rfioii'gj from the Mississippi river to tho Pacific ocean, there
n hereby granted, on tho terms and conditions hereinafter
mentioned. ********
Sec. 2. Jltid, he. it further cnactcd, That, to insure the
sale, certain, and speedy transpoitation of mails, tioops,
munitions ot war, military and naval stores, from the Mis-
r^ouri uvor to the Pacific ocean, a grant of land is hereby
made upon the teim-t aforesaid.
Mr. WIGFALL. With tho permission of tho
Senator from Ohio, I bog leave to say that I stated
-this is not the first time—that the bill which I
introduced, and three clauses of which lie has
road, I did not intend myself to support. The bill
was drawn rather with a view to substance than
lo form. The provisions of that bill are contained
in the amended bill which I hold in my hand, and
from winch the clauses [ have marked have just
been read. I will not at this time go into any ar-
gument upon the question. It is enough for me
lo say now, in order to put myself right upon the
record, that I do not believe that the Federal Gov-
ernment has any power to carry on any system
of internal improvements, cither general 01-other-.
wise. I do believe that, the Federal Government
has the right to establish post offices and post
roads, and, under that power, to make provision
for transporting the mails. I believe that the Gov-
ernment has the right to keep up an Army and
a Navy—I do not pretend to quote the words of
the Constitution—to construct forts, navy-yards,
ami doc.k-yaids,and other necessary buildings for
tin's purpose, 011 such land as may be acquired by
tile Federal Government from tho States. I be-
lieve that the Federal Government, having tho
right to transport the mails, dharging, of course,
thosff who derive the benefit by the reception of
letters and printed matter through the mails, has
also the right to transport munitions of war and
naval and military stores when necessary; and
I hat it has a right to make contracts fortho^rans-
pot'ting of mails and naval and military stores. It
is in reference to these particular matters that this
lull is drawn; and I think whon it comes up for
consideration, I shall be able to show thy. it is
obnoxious to none of the objections which can be
made against railroad bills, as they are called, that
have heretofore been introduced. At least, if I do
not show—and so show that it shall bear no loop
or hinge to hang a doubt on—that this bill does
not encouiage or admit the doctrine of the right
to carry on internal improvements on the part of
tile Federal Government, or give away lands
without consideration, then I pledge myself to
vote against it.
With that explanation, and thanking the Sen-
ator for hi3 kindness in allowing me to make tho
explanation, I will not trespass further upon his
time, nor upon that of the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I do not understand that the
grants of land contained in that substitute are dif-
ferent from the grants which were read from the
Secretary's dSsk.
Mr. WIGFALL. They are not.
Mr. PUGH.. The only difference, then, be-
tween tho bills, consists m the preamble which
the Senator has added to the substitute. That
preamble recites that these grants of lands for the
construction of railways are made to insure the
safe, certain, and speedy transportation of the
mails, troops, munitions of war, military and 1
naval stores, from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean. Isf it necessary for either one of
those purposes to construct a railroad ?
Mr. WIGFALL. I think so.
Mr. PUGH. Why, sir, they are transported
now -without a railroad. You have now three
overland routes
Mr. WIGFALL. But at a greater cost.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir. Then, the same argu-
ment authorizes the Government to charter a line
of steamboats on the Mississippi river to carry
the mail. It is n degree of laxity of construction
in which my friend from Texas exceeds any of
the Republican Senators on this floor. If on the
mere pretext that you can transport the mails,
troops, and munitions of war, better by a railroad
than under the present system, you may launch
the Government into the expenditure of money
and grants of land for a railroad, I say it exceeds
in latitudinarian construction of the Constitution
anything that the Federalists ever dreamed of.
There is no defense for the bill upon that ground.
It cannot be defended there. It must stand upon
the other proposition, namely: that the construc-
tion of railroads and telegraphs through the pub-
; lie domain will enhance the value of the public
! domain; that it is our interest, as a landeu pro-
j prietor, to give away a part for this purpose in
| order to enhance the value of the rest. That is
[j strict construction ! That is according to theres-
i| olutions of 1798 and 1799 ! 1 think the Senator
11 will find it difficult to get this bill on that plat-
:! form.
ij Mr. WIGFALL. And upon that ground I
1 i defend those particular clauses, for I did not un-
|1 dcrstand the Senator previously. That bill has
j a twofold operation, and it is double in its pro-
i visions. I do not intend to go into any argument
j now, of course; but 1 wish merely to put myself
I right on the record. I am glad to hear the Sen-
ator discussing the homestead bill in tho spirit,
the temper, the fairness, and, I will add, with the
good sense which he is doing. He seems to have
some rational views upon the subject; and if I
shall differ with him, it will be because we differ
upon questions of reason and conclusions, after
having argued upon them. The bill does provide
for land donations to a railroad company, upon
the principle that the Government is, as he says,
the.landcd proprietor, having the legal title to
the lands, the States being the cestui que trusts,
and it being a Federal fund. It provides for alter-,
nate sections upon that ground; and upon that
ground, if authority (which I do not generally
call upon) were necessary, I at least could fall
back upon one whose reputation for strict con-
struction has been well established. I mean Mr.
Calhoun, of South Carolina. The other pro-
vision of the bill to which I alluded, as to the mail
transportation and the munitions of war, is a
mono ^donation; and the bill provides for money
donations upon the ground that the Government
has a right, in making a contract, to pay either
Annually, semi-annually, quarterly, or in advance,
as it may make its best bargain.
Mr. PUGH. In that regard there is no differ-
ence between the Senator from Texas and my-
self. I was about to call his attention to the fact
that, in addition to the donations of land, he pro-
poses io give, I think, seventy millions of money,
on very indefinite credit; but still I agree with him
so far as payment for services performed, either
in carrying the mail or the transportation of mu-
nitions of war, is conccrnod, it is purely at the
option of Government to pay in advance for a
year, or a series of years. On that basis I have
110 objection to the principle of his bill; but the
objcct which I had in view m citing the bill—which
in that particular is the same in both—is to show
that the Government of the United States had
admitted the rule, as a landed proprietor, that it
would give a portion 'of the land with a view to
the enhancement of the residue; and that that
policy, commencing at the earliest time, had been
continued down to this very session; that the ben-
efit of that policy had inured to all the States of
the Union—to the southern as well as to the north-
ern States.
The homestead bill designs, also, to enhance
the value of that portion of the public domain
reserved from its operation.
As to doubling the price of the reserved section,
as the Senator from Texas proposes by his rail-
road bill, that does not affect the principle of such
