1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
blind partisans, virtually crowning them with re-
gal authority, which designing and aspiring men
may use to the subversion of our institutions.
This evil is eminently apparent at the present
time; we see men in almost all parts of the nation,
putting themselves up for the highest position in
the gift of the people, and basing their claims upon
peculiar party views, which, they hold, should
govern the nation.
If cither individuals, or even the successful por-
tion of the people engaged in such party strife,
are to govern in accordance with their peculiar
notions, will it not endanger the stability of our
institutions? In my estimation, the Government
established for this nation is the strongest and
most perfect that ever emanated from the mind of
man; and would secure the safety, happiness, and
prosperity of all the States and people, if it could
be administered uniformly in accordance with its
true principle. Every pulsation of the American
heart would then give strength and vitality to it;
ccmcnting the bond of union between the States
and people of the nation, protecting and securing
the sovereign right of all.
Recent events seem to make it necessary that
we should rally to the standard of truth, and de-
fend our position against the calumnies of those
who are opposed to that true Democratic principle
which claims equal rights for all the States and
people of the nation.  
Let union and harmony prevail among all who
are in favor of the administration of the Govern-
ment upon the principles as established by our
forefathers, and who are opposed to the policy
which now prevails in the administration of our
national affairs.
Let no minor differences distract our councils,
or prevent any, who arc in fa^or of a change in
the Administration, from rallying with us to the
Opposition standard, which has inscribed upon its
banner Freedom, Sovereignty. and Independence for
all the States and people of the nation, as claimed
in the Declaration of Independence, and guaran-
tied by the national Constitution.
Now if the gentleman from Virginia, or any
other gentleman, chooses to ask me any question,
I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. HINDMAN was recognized by the Clerk.
Mr. McRAE. I understand that the gentleman
from Arkansas yields to me.
Mr. HINDMAN. Supposing that the gentle-
man from New York has concluded his speech,
and that 1 am entitled to the floor, I will yield
to the gentleman from Mississippi, to ask a ques-
tion. t
Mr. McRAE. The question 1 wanted to put
to the gentleman from New York, was one re-
lating to my own porty. He put a question to
the American party, to which I do not belong. I
understood the gentleman from New York to put
the question to that party, whether they were in
favor of a slave code ?
Mr. CARTER. I have put the question to
them, and they have answered it. I have pat no
question to the Democratic party, or to the so-
called Democratic party, to my knowledge. I put
the question to the members of the South Amer-
ican opposition.
Mr. McRAE. I am stating the position of
things, and I understood that the gentleman wanted
me to be heard upon it.
Mr. CARTER. I have no objection to hearing
you.
Mr. McRAE. Then I want the gentleman to
put his question to those members of the South
American party for whom he has voted for
Speaker. I understand that the gentleman voted
for Mr. Gilmer for Speaker. I put the question,
did you vote for Mr. Gilmer? t
Mr. CARTER, No, sir; the record will show
you how I voted, and how I have cast every vote
since I came into tnis House.
Several Members made suggestions sotto voce
to Mr. McRae.
Mr. McRAE. If gentlemen will let me alone,
the gentleman from New York and myself will
get through. I understand the gentleman to say
that he did not vote for Mr. Gilmer. Well,
thirteen gentlemen on the opposite side did vote
for Mr. Gilmer; and as Mr. Boteler has an-
swered, I want the gentleman from New York to
put his question to Mr. Gilmer.
Mr. CARTER. I will put this question to the
so-called Democratic party of the North, or the so-
called Democratic party in this House, whether
they are in favor of legislation by Congress for the
protection of slavery in the Territories?
Mr. McRAE. If you put it to nc^e I will an-
swer.
Mr. CARTER. I put it to the northern Dem-
ocrats in this House.
Mr. COX. I will answer that question.
Mr. McRAE. I do not intend to be diverted
from my purpose.
Mr. CARTER. I will put the question to the
Democratic candidate for Speaker, whoever gen-
tlemen on the other side may select for that posi-
tion.
Mr MORRIS, of Illinois. I want itto be known
that I respond right here, that I am one of those
who do not favor a slave code for the Territories.
I am not, sir, in favor of congressional interven-
tion cither for or against. [Cries of "Order!" and
much confusion.]
Mr. McRAE. Do I understand that the gen-
tleman from Now Yoik refuses or declines to put
that question to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Gilmer:] Let him answer.
Mr. CARTER. I have put it to all the gentle-
men who could be included in my reference; and
I have waited in calmness and with patience that
they might reply, each and every one, sir, so dis-
posed. The time has gone by; and I do not pro-
pose to requestion those gentlemen one by one at
this juncture. They have all answered, or de-
clined to answer. I now put the question to the
gentlemen of the so-called Democratic party. I
ask, sir, whether the members of that party from
the North are in favor of a slave code for the Ter-
ritories ? Arise, gentlemen, and answer, or be
considered as holding the affirmative doctrine.
Mr. McRAE took the floor.
Mr. COX. Let me answer the gentleman.
Mr. McRAE. Keep quiet, and I will let you in.
The gentleman from New York says that he
declines to put the question to Mr. Gilmer.
Mr. CARTER. Yes, sir; fur the reasons I
ha\e given, that I gave them all an opportunity
to answer; and I suppose that those who did not
do so, do not care to answer.
Mr. McRAE. Precisely. Then, sir, I put the
question to Mr. Gilmer, of North Carolina, my-
self. The gentleman says that he put the ques-
tion to Mr. Gilmer and that Mr. Gilmer declined
to answer it. I put it to him myself now; let him
answer right here.
Mr. BRABSON. I put a question to the Dem-
ocratic party at the commencement of this session
which has nevnr yet been answered.
Mr. McRAE. I put the question to Mr. Gil-
mer.
Mr. CARTER. I did not give the floor to the
gentleman for this kind of question and answer all
over the House. I gave the floor to him to an-
swer a question, which he wanted to answer, as I
supposed. I do not yield it for any desultory dis-
cussion, and I will not permit it. I have rights
here, and I want gentlemen on the other side to
know that I have resolved to maintain them. Yes,
sir; I will maintain them. Too long already have
we yielded to the other side; but I will, for one,
yield no longer.
Mr. McRAE. f have the floor, and I do not
intend to yield it.
Mr. CARTER. You have the floor to answer
my question.
'Mr. McRAE. I will answer it. The gentle-
man, however, misstates my position.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
My question is this: that the gentleman fiom New
York gave up the floor, and that the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Hindman] is now entitled
to it.
Mr. CARTER. No, sir, that is not the fact; I
did not yield the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Is not the gentleman from
Arkansas now entitled to the floor5
Mr. McRAE. I am not to be diverted from my
purpose.
Mr. CARTER. I am bound to maintain every
right I have here as long as I am able. 1 admit
that we on this side have been too yielding, and
have not insisted as we ought to have done. I
have the floor, sir, and intend to hold it.
Mr. McRAE. I state to the gentleman from
New York that lie misstates my position. He
says that he yielded to me to answer a question.
I say that he yielded to me to ask a question
Mr. CARTER. No, sir.
Mr. McRAE. Yes, sir, to ask a question.
Mr. CARTER. Well, ask it.
Mr. McRAE. Then, when the gentleman put
the question to the members of the American party,
why did he riot put the question to Mr. Gilmer?
He says that ho put it to Mr. Boteler.
Mr. CARTER. I put it to them all.
Mr. McRAE. He says that he put it to them
all. Then he put it to Mr. Gilmer. He says
that he will not put it to Mr. Gilmer now* be-
cause he asked everybody, including Mr. Gil-
mer, and ho allowed time for those to answer
who were so disposed.
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Gilmer is of age and ca-
pacity, and can act for himself. [Laughter.]
Mr. McRAE. There is Mr. Gilmer up to an-
swer, and you will not permit him, by occupying
the floor yourself. Let him answer.
Mr. CARTER. I want to ask you a question.
Mr. McRAE. I will answer it.
Mr. CARTER. If the gentleman wants to ask
me any questions, very.well, I will answerthem;
but I will not let him ask questions through me
to all the members of the House.
Mr. McRAE. If I answer your question, will
you let me ask Mr. Gilmer a question ?
Mr. CARTER. Answer my question.
Mr. McRAE. I will.
Mr. CARTER. I ask whether the northern
Democrats who are voting in your ranks are or
arc not in favor of a slave code for the Territo-
ries ?
Mr McRAE. I will answer.
Mr. CARTER. I would rather that they would
answer it themselves.
Mr. McRAE. They have not got the floor.
[Laughter.] I have the floor, and I propose to
answer.
Mr. BAR.KSDALE. I object to this desultory
discussion. I insist that the gentleman from Ar-
kansas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McRAE. That gentleman has yielded it
to mo, if he is entitled to it. I know what I am
about; but no member can hear what is going on
whilst everybody keeps talking.
The CLERK. The Clerk desires to know
whether the gentleman from New York yielded
the floor altogether? The Clerk understood that
he had concluded his speech.
Mr. CARTER. No, sit; I have not yielded
the floor. I merely have given way to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi to answer, or, as he says,
to ask a question.
The CLERIv. Then the Clerk labored under
a misapprehension. He supposed the gentleman
from New York had concluded, and gave the floor
to the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. CARTER. I have not been off the floor,
and I have shown no disposition to give it up.
[Laughter.]
The CLERK. That is true; but the Clerk was
laboring under the impression that the gentleman
from New York had yielded the floor, or he would
not have given itto the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. CARTER. That gentleman cannot have
it until I gi't through.
The CLERK. The Clerk is aware of that.
Mr. CARTER. Then the Clerk must remedy
his own mistake.
The CLERK. That is precisely what the
Clerk is trying to do.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman from New York
yields the floor to me, to answer a question. If
the gentleman from Arkansas is entitled to it, that
gentleman yields to me. So, then, Mr. Clerk, I
hold it in either event.
Mr. CARTER. I wish the Clerk to decide dis-
tinctly whether I hold the floor or not.
Mr. McRAE. I have the floor. [Laughter.]
The CLERK. If the gentleman from New
York did not yield the floor, then he still holds it
and is still entitled to it.
Mr. CARTER. That is enough. I yielded
to the gentleman from Mississippi to ask or to
answer a question, but not to make a speech.
Mr. McRAE. Now I am upon the floor.
Mr. CARTER. Yes, sir; legitimately for the
purpose for which I have yielded it to you.
Mr. McRAE. There cannot be any misunder-
standing about it. There is a fair agreement be-
tween the gentleman from New York and myself
that he yields the floor to me to answer a ques-
tion; then, that when I answer that question, 1
