I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
8i
38th Cong,.... 1st Sess. That Blade Republican Bible—The Helper Book—Mr. Hindman.
Ho. ob Reps.
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, simply, that he mistakes
'the resolutions of the Democratic State convention
for the resolutions of the Legislature.
Mr. HINDMAN. I believe the gentleman is
onc-of the Representatives from the State of Ohio.
What is your position upon the subject of the
admission of new slaveholding States into this
Confederacy? Will you vote for it>
Mr. EDGERTON. The gentleman asks me
a question. I will say to him that, when the
proper time comes, I will answer his question,.
Mr. HINDMAN. Very well; if you ,do not
choose to answer it now, that is enough.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will say further, that
the Representatives from the State of Ohio do not
admit the right of the Representative from the
State of Arkansas to put them upon the witness
stand.
Mr. HINDMAN. Then I will resume what I
was saying before I was interrupted. I alleged
that the Legislature of the State of Ohio instructed
her Senators and requested her Representatives
to oppose the admission of any new slaveholding
State into the Union under any circumstances.
Gentlemen of the Republican party state to me
that information is incorrcct; that no such reso-
lutions were ever passed. My informants reiter-
ate the statement.
Mr. BLAKE. I think the gentleman's inform-
ants must be mistaken. I have no recollection of
any such resolutions.
Mr. HINDMAN. I am not in possession of
the resolutions; but they have been sent for, and
I hope we shall be able to produce them.
Mr. BLAKE. Listen to me for one moment.
I admit that the Legislature of Ohio passed reso-
lutions instructing her Senators and requesting
her Representatives to apply the principles of the
ordinance of 3787 to all territory that nnght be
acquired.
Mr. EDGERTON. A Democratic Legislature.
Mr. BLAKE. I will admit further, that the
Democrats and Whigs who then occupied seats
in that Legislature, voted for that resolution nearly
unanimously^
Mr. HINDMAN. Any such admission comes
in the shape ora charge against them from you.
You may make any admission you choose for the
Whigs. The Democrats ask you to make none
for them.
A Member. There was no such thing as a
Republican party at that time.
Mr. BLAKE. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I thought he wns referring to 1847.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will find the reso-
lutions of the Republican Legislature, "joint reso-
lutions in relation lo slavery and the extension
thereof," published in the General Laws of Ohio,
page 298.
Mr. EDGERTON. What date?
Mr. COX. The 17th day of April, 1857—aRe-
publioan Legislature. The third resolution reads:
"Resolved, That our Senator* and Representatives in
Congress aie^crchy requested to vote against the adims-
sion^of any State into the (Jnion, unless slavei\ or invol-
untary servitude, except for crime, be excluded from the
constitution thereof."
Mr. BLAKE. One word. I thought the gen-
tleman referred to 1847. That was the reason of
my making the remark.
Mr. HINDMAN. Of course, I will take no
advantage of the gentleman's mistake.
Mr. CAREY. I am from Ohio, and I am the
oldest man in Congress from that State. I have
no delicacy or hesitation in saying to the House
and to the world, that I adopt fully that resolu-
tion.
Mr. HINDMAN. I thank you, sir, for that
confession; and now I ask the other members of
the Ohio delegation to evince equal nerve and
manliness, and say what position they occupy.
I appeal to the candidate of the Republican party
to follow this example, and to say whether he,
in like manner with his colleague, will obey the
instructions of the Legislature of Ohio? What
position does he occupy on that subject?
Mr. EDGERTON sought the floor.
Mr. HINDMAN. Wait for one moment, until
this gentleman answers. * 4
Mr. SHERMAN, (in his seat.) I decline to
answer.
Mr.
right-
EDGERTON. While I do not admit the
Mr.HINDMAN. Waitonemoment. Is-imply
desire to make a note of the fact, that the Repub-
lican candidate for Speaker refuses, positively, to
respond to the inquiry I addressed to him.
Mr. EDGERTON. While I do not admit the
right of Arkansas to interrogate the great State of
Ohio, yet I have no hesitation in giving my opin-
ion. 1 will read my opinion. It is already in
language.
Mr. HINDMAN. I intend to act justly by the
gentleman. I intend to act fairly by him. He
must act fairly with me. I ask him to give his
own opinion, and not to interpolate a long docu-
ment into my remarks. [Cries from the Repub-
lican benches, " Read!"]
Mr. EDGERTON. My opinion is expressed
here.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask you for your inten-
tion. What do'you intend to do ? Will you obey
the request of your State Legislature ? Answer
yes or no, if you are disposed to give an answer.
To do that I will yield; but otherwise I will not.
Mr. EDGERTON. If I answer at all, I will
say to the gentleman from Arkansas, I must answer
m my own way and in my own language, and not
under the gentleman's dictation.
Mr. HINDMAN. 'If the gentleman declines
to answer, he cannot have the floor.
Mr. THEAKER. I for one, sir, say that I
object to being interrogated, and then have an at-
tempt made to put words m my mouth as to how
I shall make my answer. I am one of the Rep-
resentatives of Ohio upon this floor, and at the
proper time, and in a proper manner, I will tell
the gentleman and the House all of the opinions
I entertain on this vexed question of slavery; but
I want that side of the House to understand that
T am not to be interrogated, and th<;n have words
put into my mouth as to how 1 am to answer.
Mr. MellEAN. I move that the delegation
upon this floor from the great State of Ohio he
committed for contempt, for not answering all the
questions the gentleman from Arkansas can ask
them. [Great laughter and applause on the floor
and in the galleries.] It ought not to be tolerated
that they should dare do such a thing.
Mr. HINDMAN. I second the motion that
they be committed, not for contempt of myself,
but for a contempt of the countryand of the Con-
stitution they are bound to support. [Applause
and hisses upon the floor, and in the galleries.]
And, sir, I call upon their Black Republican com-
peers to sustain the motion.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
•v. & it. n #
[There was much confusion in the Halt; mem-
bers had crowded into the area and the main aisle,
and, just previously, members upon the Demo-
cratic benches, and the galleries, had broken out
into cheers of applause on Mr. Hjndmak's sec-
onding Mr. McKean's motion. When members
had returned to their seats, and order was re- :
stored,]
The CLERK said: The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will state his point of order.
Mr. GROW. I call the attention of the Clerk
to the resolution passed by this House, that or-
der and decorum should be preserved in the House
and in the galleries. * * #
Mr. HINDMAN. I cordially concur with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has raised the
point of order, as to the propriety and the neces-
sity of enforcing order in this House. Nothing
can be more ri^-ht, nothing more obligatory upon
us all, as members of the American Congress. I
am glad to hear the gentleman indicate the dispo-
sition he has by raising his point of order; but it
occurs to me, at the same time, that it would have
come with more grace from him if made while his
candidate for Speaker was addressing the House,
and was so uproariously applauded by Republic-
ans upon the floor, and in the galleries. It would
have been in still better taste if he had raised the
point of order just now. when Republicans hon-
ored me in the only way possible for them, by
hissing what I said. Then was the proper time
to have made the point, and not now.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman has never seen
me applaud or express any dissent by hissing
while any member was speaking. When such
applause or dissent has occurred on this side, I
have expressed my disapprobation of it. The gen-
tleman will bear in mind that applause upon the
floor has only come from this sid-eto a very lim-
ited extent, since the resolution I have referred to
was passed.
Mr. HINDMAN. Excuse me for not bearing
that in mind.
Mr. GROW. Let me say, in justice to the
other side, that that rule has, for most of the time,,
been observed by them; but, sir, in my judgment,
it has been more frequently violated by that side
than it ha^by this. But that difference does not
affect the necessity for observing the order*and
decorum of the House. It is time to put a stop
to these expressions of applause and disapproba-
tion.
Mr. HINDMAN. I am not only willing*but
desirous to cooperate with members of all parties
here in*preserving order and decorum; and I spe'ak
not only for myself, but for the entire Democratic
party upon this floor.
Now, Mr. Clerk, it has been shown here to-
day that the candidate of the Republican party
for Speaker stands committed by his record in
Congress "to oppose the admission into this Union
of any new slaveholding State, even if its people,
with perfect unanimity, desire to have the insti-
tution of slavery among them.
It appears, also, that he has further strength-
ened that committal, announced by himself in a
congressional speech, by refusing now to say
whether or not he would comply with the reso-
lutions of the Ohio Legislature What, then, is
the position he occupies?
The Constitution of the Union most clearly and
distinctly provides for the admission of new States
into the Confederacy, upon one condition only.
What is that? That their constitutions shall t>e
republican in form. That is the only limitation
which the Constitution imposes upon Congress in
the premises.
Mr. CURTIS. They are permitted to do so,
but are not bound to do so.
Mr. HINDMAN. I do not desire to be drawn
into a discussion of that point. What I want to
call attention to is the fact that the Republican
party propose to add a new test, a new condition,
to the Constitution on the subject. They propose
to put upon new States a disability, additional to
the one imposed by the Federal compact. In so
doing, they at once destroy the rights which the
people of the States, who may he residents in the
Territories, may have in the premises. They
make the admission of new States merely depend-
ent upon partisan feeling and anti-slavery preju-
dice. They declare that where the people of a
new State sliall themselves unanimously desire to
have a certain domestic institution among them,
they shall not have that institution; or, if they
will have it in any event, then they shall not be
admitted into this sisterhood of States, but shall
remain outside, isolated, outlawed,degraded, and
put under the ban of inferiority. That is the
position of the Republican party, and that is the
position to which the candidate of that party, by
his past record, and his present ominous silence,
is most distinctly committed. If such demands
had been made by anti-slavery men in the Con-
vention of 1787, the Union never would have been
formed; for at that time all the States but one, I
believe, were slaveholding. It is not to be sup-
posed that they would have consented to a com-
pact that would have precluded their citizens from
determining domestic matters of this sort accord-
ing to their wish, when forming new States. No,
sir, not for a single instant. This Republican
dogma of excluding new States, for such a cause,
is a departure from the spirit of the Constitution,
if not a violation of its letter.
Gentlemen say that one particular reason for
desiring to organize the House under Republican
auspices, is, that there may-be certain investiga-
tions of administrative corruptions. I say to them,
that neither I myself, nor any member of the Dem-
ocratic party, under any circumstances, would so
far degrade himself, and insult his constituents,
as to oppose the investigation of the acts of any
officer of the Government, high or low, from the
President down to the lowest appointee. What
has been the past history of our party in this
regard? How long has it been since the Democ-
