510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
shall bo entitled to ask the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] a question.
Mr.CARTER. No, sir. [Laughter.] I stated
that I would not yield for a speech or a desultory
discussion between other members. No, sir; I
do not intend that the floor shall pass away from
me in that way.
Mr. McRAE. Then the first part of the agree-
ment is fair.
Mr. CARTER. I have been here seven weeks
as a scholar trying to learn parliamentary lules,
audi know that I have the floor, and that without
my consent it cannot be taken from me for des-
ultory discussion between other members.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
- The CLERK. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. McRAE. I make the point that the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is not in order. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I am anxious to hear my
friend from Mississippi, and he will at once ap-
preciate the point I make. I sympathize with the
purpose he lias in view. I desire the question
asked to be answered by the gentleman from
North Carolina; but I want the gentleman from
New York either to finish his speech or to yield
the floor; one or the other.
Mr. CARTER. It is too late to raise a ques-
tion of that kind.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Arkan-
sas yielded the floor to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, and if the gentleman from Mississippi
claims it under the gentleman from Arkansas, he
is right. But the gentleman from New York, as
I understood it, and as the Clerk understood it,
yielded the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Kentucky
will remember——■
Mr. CARTER. I will submit, with all due
deference, to the decision of the Clerk.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Kentucky
will remember that the Clerk propounded the
question to the gentleman from New York whether
he had yielded the floor. He stated that he had
not yielded the floor, and not having yielded it,
as a matter of course, ho is entitled to it, and
has the right to yield it to the gentleman from
Mississippi for. the purpose of answering the
question.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask this question: whether
the gentleman from Mississippi has the floor with
the right to proceed with any remarks he desires
to make.' or whether the gentleman from New
York holds the floor with the power to limit the
remarks of the gentleman from Mississippi ?
Mr. CARTER. I will answer that question.
The gentleman from Mississippi has 110 such
right.
Mr. McRAE. We will settle this question very
easily if gentlemen will leave it to the gentleman
from New York and myself. The gentleman from
New York had, of course, concluded lus remarks
in the main; but Ik; said then, that, as a matter of
courtesy, he would yield to gentlemen who had
asked him to yield while he was speaking. I was
at that moment upon (he other side of the House,
and I came over; but, in the meantime, the Clerk
had recognized the gentleman from Arkansas. I
understood that the gentleman from New York
had concluded his speech 
Mr. CARTER. I have said 110 such thing.
Mr. McRAE—with the exception that he pro-
posed to hear and answer any questions which
gentlemen proposed to ask him when ho was
speaking. With that exception, I understood that
he had finished his speech, and that he considered
that he had yielded the floor.
Mr. CAR'TER. The gentleman has the light
to consider whatever he pleases. The facts are
as plain as anything can be. The gentleman haw
the right to ask or answer a single question; and
ho shall have the right to exercise that privilege
before I yield the floor. If he will do that, the
whole discussion can be cut short at once.
Mr. McRAE. I thought I was coming to the
aid of the gentleman. Of coursc 1 have the right
to consider what I please; and I considered that
lie had finished his spcech; and he knows he had,
with the exception I have stated. When the gen-
tleman stated that he was through, and took the
position that he would, by courtesy, give gentle-
men an opportunity to ask and answer questions 
he holding the floor for that purpose—I consid-
ered ho would expect to hear me.
Mr. CARTER. You havo the right to answer
my question.
Mr. McRAE. I did not consider that he was
right; and I shall put him right when he does not
know how to put himself right. [Laughter.]
Mr. CARTER. I am much obliged to the gen-
tleman, and always shall be, when he puts me
right, when I do not know how to put myself
right.
Mr. McRAE. I have no doubt he will be
pleased to be put right upon all occasions.
Now, sir, I will answer the question which he
puts to me, which is, whether the Democrats in
this House are in favor of congressional protec-
tion of slavery in the Territories, and whether the
northern Democrats are. In reply, I send to the
Clerk's desk, to bo read, my own opinion upon
that subject. It is an cxtract from a letter written
by me in June last.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" I do not ask for a congressional slave code. I do not
ask for congressional legislation now on this subject, or in
advancc of the necessity which may requiie it. I do not
ask for the intervention of Congiess to prohibit or establish
slaveiy, and it is a total and willful misrepresentation of
the position of those who claim the constitutional right to
the protection of slave pioperty in the Teiritoiies. to charge
them with eithei of these talse positions. Whattbey claim
is, that when slaveiy is established in a Territory, if the
Tentorial Legblatuie shall fail 01 lefuse, from an> cause,
to pass law-? for it*? security and protection, or -shall pass
laws unfriendly to it, thereby, in either case, making an
invidious discrimination between slave and other property,
it shall be the duty of Congress to provide laws fot* its pro-
tection—first, in case of non-action by the Territorial Legis-
lature, directly on application of the slaveholder, setting
forth the l'aet; beeond, in ease of unfriendly legislation,
directly on such legislation being decided unconstitutional
by the Supreme Court of the United States.
'• It may be that such eongiessional legislation will never
be required. But the right to it must not be yielded, that
its exercise may be demanded whenever the necessity shall
arise.
•'This is simply sustaining the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States by congressional legislation. In
a word, it is haunomzmg the judicial and legislative de-
partments of the Government in support of a constitutional
right, which the South cannot sunender, and ought not to
peimit to be sacrificed.
" When the necessity shall arise to protect slave or other
property in the Territories, or where the Federal Govern-
ment has jurisdiction, every department of the Government,
legislative, executive, and judicial, must be brought to bear
to give that protection."
Mr. McRAE. That, sir, is my opinion, and
the gentleman has it.
Now, sir, I will give what I understand to be
the opinions of the northwestern Democrats upon
that subject.
A voice from the Democratic side, "We can
speak for ourselves 1"
Mr. McRAE. Mr. Clerk, will you keep gen-
tlemen from interrupting me? I intend to give
gentlemen^n opportunity to state their positions
I understand there is a difference of opinion be-
tween the southern Democracy and the northern
Democracy—particularly those coming from the
Northwest—in reference to this question of con-
gressional protection of slavery in the Territories.
I understand the northwestern Democrats to oc-
cupy the position that that is a judicial question
which is to be left to the decisions of the courts;
and that when that question properly arises and is
dccidedbythc court—I think it has already arisen,
and been already decided m the Dred Scott case,
though other gentlemen may differ fi;om me in
rcfcrcnce to that—if the court shall decide that we
are entitled to such protection, they are willing to
give us that protection; and now 1 call upon the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] to state the posi-
tion of the Democratic party m his State.
Mr. CARTER. Not just at this moment. I
want to ask the gentleman from Mississippi at
what period of time slavery first exists in a Ter-
ritory ?
Mr. McRAE. I will answer that question.
That was the question I would have answered
after having my opinion read; but the gentleman
wanted my opinion, and did not want an argu-
ment. Therefore 1 confined myself strictly to the
privilege which I understand 1 hold from him—
simply to answer his question.
There seems to have been an impression all the
time in regard to this question of slavery m the
Territories, that the Constitution of the United
States, in some shape or other, carried it or fixed
it there. There seems to have been an impression
that it was fixed or prohibited there by congres-
sional legislation. I do not hold to either of these
doctrines. I will tell the gentleman when slavery
commences in a Territory. It is when a citizen
• of a State, who owns a slave as his property,
moves into a Territory with that slave as his prop-
erty, then slavery is established.there. That is
the position. Slavery existed anterior to the Con-
stitution. The Constitution did not create, and
it cannot prohibit slavery. Congressional legis-
lation cannot create, and it cannot prohibit sla-
very. Territorial legislation does not create, and
it cannot prohibit slavery. Slavery, sir, is that
natural relation which the negro bears to the white
man as property, and is general .and universal
where it is not excluded by local law. That is
the position. Gentlemen want to make out that sla-
very is local because it exists in particular places.
Slavery is general and universal. It is a natural
right, growing out of the natural relation in which
that race stands to the white race. That is the
position.
Mr. CARTER. Then you say it is a national
institution.
Mr. McRAE. It is a universal institution of
God {jnd man, nature and Christianity, earth and
heaven, [laughter,] having its origin in the law of
God, sustained by the Bible, sustained by Chris-
tianity, sustained by the laws of all nations, sus-
tained by all history in all parts of the world.
Mr. CARTER. Will the gentleman permit
me 
Mr. McRAE. "Certainly, sir.
Mr. CARTER. I have been striving, as I said
here before, to find out where the Democracy was
m the House. I ask the gentleman if that is the
principle of the Democratic party, that the strong
have a right to enslave the weak and make them
mere chattels to buy and sell, as they would any-
thing else ?
Mr. McRAE. I respond to the gentleman's
question by asking him whether he prefers to
make a chattel—not to buy and sell, but to make
a chattel—of a white man; to make a white man
subservient to him in menial offices, rather than a
black man ?
Mr. CARTER. It is at his own pleasure and
will that a white man in this country becomes
subservient.
Mr.McRAE. Ah! it isat his plcasuic and will!
Mr. CARTER. When two men are together
they have a right to make such a bargain as they
please. If 1 choose to say I will serve you, and
if you choose to say you will take me as your
servant, that is a bargain between us which all
the laws of the world do acknowledge.
Mr. McRAE. Yes, sir; then the gentleman
prefers to make a slave, by agreement, of one of
his fellows, to making a slave of a man of a dif-
ferent color, whom nature lias made for a slave.
Mr. CARTER. In this country, under our
form of Government, and under the principles
upon which it was established, no man can make
a white man a slave by force of the national Gov-
ernment under any circumstances whatever.
Mr. McRAE. Precisely, sir. The gentleman
has admitted the fact that, by agreement, a man
can make another his slave 
Mr. CARTER. He cannot make him a slave,
but merely a servant.
Mr. McRAE. He has admitted the fact that
he can make a slave at will of a white man. That
is the position I wanted to bring the gentleman to.
He says no mail can make a slave of another ill
this country except by his own will. Take him
on his own ground. He says he makes a menial
of a white man by the will of that man. He pre-
fers to make a slave of a white man by his will,
rather than make a slave of a black man under
natural relations and the law of God.
Mr. CARTER. 1 acknowledge no right of
property m man under any circumstances what-
ever, according to the spirit and intent of our
national Government. The answer I gave the
gentleman was, that when a man becomes the ser-
vant of another, it is in accordance with the will of
him who is to serve, and not of him who is to bo
the master.
Mr. McRAE. Certainly, sir. I understood
the position of the gentleman. There is no doubt
about it now, that he chooses to make a slave by
contract of the man of his own color, in preference
to a black man, whom nature has made a slave of.
Nov/, I want the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Coxj to be heard in regard to the position of the
northwestern Democracy.
Mr. CARTER. Not till you and I get through.
