1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
and in all cases where such married persons have complied
with the provisions of this act, so as to entitle them to the
giant as above provided, whether under the late provisional
government of Oregon,or since, and either shall have died
before patent issues, the survivor and children or heirs of
the deceased shall be entitled to the share or interest of
the deceased in equal proportions, except where the de-
ceased shall otherwise dispose of it by testament duly and
properly executed according to the laws of Oregon: Pro-
vided, That no alien shall be entitled to a patent to land,
granted by this act, until he ehali produce to the surveyor
general of Oregon record evidence that his naturalization
as a citizen of the United States has been completed; but
if any ajien, having made his declaration of intention to
become'a citizen of the United States, after the passage of
this act;, shall die before las naturalization shall be com
pleted, the possessory right acquired by him under the pro-
visions of this act shall descend to his heirs at law,,or pass
to his devisees, to whom, as the case may be, the patent
shall issue: Provided further, That in all cases provided
for in this section, the donation shall embrace the land
actually occupied and cultivated by the settler thereon:
Provided further, That all future contracts by any person
or persons entitled to the benefit of this act, for the sale of
the land to which he or they may be entitled under this act
before he or they have received a patent therefor, shall be
void: Provided further, however, That this section shall
not be so construed as to allow those claiming rights under
the treaty with Gieat Britain, relative to the Oregon Terri-
tory, to claim both under this grant and the treaty, but
merely to secuie them the election, and confine them to a
single grant of land.
u Sec.5. Andbeit further enacted, That to all white male
citizens of the United States, or persons who shall have
made a declaration of intention to become such, above the
age of twenty-one years, emigrating to and settling in said
Territory between the 1st day of Droemher, 18.">0. and the
1st day of December, 1833; and to ail white male Amer-
ican citizens, not hereinbefore provided for, becoming one
and twenty years of age, in said Territory, and settling
there between the times last aforesaid, who shall in other
respects comply with the foregoing section and the provis-
ions of this law, there shall be, and hereby is, granted the
quantity of one quarter section, or one hundred and sixty
acres of land, if a single man ; or if married, or if he shall
become married within one year from the time of arriving
in said Territory, or within one year after becoming twenty-
one years of age as aforesaid, then the quantity of one half
section, or three hundred and twenty acres, one halfto the
husband and the other half to the wife in her own right, to
be designated by the surveyor general as aforesaid: Pro-
vided aJiwn/3,That no person shall ever receive a patent for
more than one donation of land in said Territory in his or
her own right: Provided, That 110 mineral lands shall be
located or granted under the provisions of this act."
The Secretary of the Interior tells us that this
system of donations, also, ki could not stand the
test of practical application." "Well, sir, let us
see upon what the Secretary bases that assertion.
I read from his last annual report of December 1,
1859:
"Before two years had elapsed, the settlers petitioned for
the privilege of paying for their claims and obtaining titles,
and Congi ess yielded to theirrequcst. By the act of Feb-
ruary 14,1853, such provision ot law was made as had been
asked; and beyond that, Congress, by the same act, fixed a
time within which claims under the act of 1850 should be
presented, or thereafter bo forever barred. Thus the system
in Oregon was abandoned before the causes which led to
its adoption had ceased to exist."
That some of the settlers preferred to pay for
their lands at 25 peracre, rather than to continue
1 in occupation four years, is probably true; first,
because the grants of three hundred and twenty and
six hundred and forty acres, under section four,
were of more land than a settler required for his
immediate use; and he might well desire to obtain
a title at once, in order to sell one half or three
fourths on speculation; second, because the gold
mines of Oregon tempted many to abandon agri-
cultural pursuits. But the fact, whatever its rea-
son may have been, affords an argument in favor
of the system: it shows that a donation to such
actual settlers as cannot pay for one hundred and
sixty acres immediately, or without inconveni-
ence, will often so ameliorate their condition, in
two years, that they will desire to become purchas-
ers of the land at $1 25 per acre, under the pre-
emption act, rather than to accept it as a gift upon
condition. If the homestead bill should result in
" signal failure" like this, in even fifty instances
out of a hundred, it will prove to be the wisest law
that ever was enacted. If he is a benefactor of the
human race who will make two blades of grass
grow where but one grew before, as the ancient
proverb tells us, what shall be the reward of that
legislator by whose aid penury is raised in two
years to comfort and affluence?
The Secretary alleges, however, that " the"sys-
tem in Oregon was abandoned before the causes
which led to its adoption had ceased to exist."
He does not inform us what, in his opinion, those
"causes" were; but he does inform us that the
abandonment was made by the act of February
14, 1853. (Statutes at Large, vol. 10, p. 158.)
By that act, he says, Congress 4' fixed a time
within which claims under the act of 1850 should
be presented, or thereafter be forever barred."
That is true; but it is not all. The act of 1850
only made donations to such persons as should
become residents of Oregon before the 1st day of
December, 1853; whereas the act of 1853, so far
from abandoning that policy, extended it for two
years; namely, until the 1st of December, 1855.
Certain times were appointed for the presentation
of claims under the act of 1850; but those times
were the 1st of December, 1853, as to grants un-
der section four, and the 1st of April, 1855, as to
grants under section five. This was not unrea-
sonable; nor was it, as I have shown, because Con-
gress regarded the system of donations as a failure;
it was because provision was also made for the
establishment of a land office in Oregon, after the
1st of April, 1855, with a view to the public sale
of lands west of the Cascade mountains and not
covered by grants of donation. The object was
merely to define the boundaries of such gmnts,
and separate them from the lands to be sold. In
fact, on the 22d of July, 1854, Congress adopted
the very same system for New Mexico, limiting
the grants, however, to one hundred and sixty
acres each. (Statutes at Large, vol. 10, p. 308.)
Why do this, in the name of common sense, if
the system had failed in Oregon, and if the act of
February 14,1853, intended so to declare?
The Secretary suggests, to be sure, that the
object of these donations was to secure protection
against the Indians; that they were for the armed
occupation of the Territories. Well, sir, the home-
stead bill will have the effect of extending that
policy into the Territories; and if it will reduce,
in any way, the expenses of the Army, or the ex-
penses of the Indian department, I shall conceive
it a great benefit.
Mr. President, I have made frequent reference
to the act of September 4, 1841, section ten, com-
monly called the preemption act. That stands
on the same principle exactly as the present bill.
It authorizes the actual settler on lands surveyed
(whether those lands have or have not been of-
fered at public sale) to become the purchaser of
one hundred and sixty acres in exclusion of all
competition; and at the price of $1 25 per acre."
In fact, as the law is now administered, the set-
tler has an indefinite time for the payment of the
purchase money; inasmuch as he cannot be com-
pelled to pay, and rarely does pay, until the lands
are advertised for public sale; and that is often
two, three, and even five years after the surveys
have been completed. By the act of July 22,1854,
section twelve, this privilege of settlement and pre-
emption in the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas is extended to lands not surveyed, but to
which only the Indian title has been extinguished.
(Statutes at Large, vol. 10, p. 310.)
The graduation actof August 4,1854, as I have
said, was but an extended application of the same
principle. That reduces the price of public lands
which have been, or may hereafter be,in market
for ten years, or any longer pciiod, according to
a scale which ends at twelve and a half cents per
acre; but the benefit of such reduction is limited,
in the plainest terms, to the actual settler. (Stat-
utes at Large, vol. 10, p. 574.)
The principle of this bill, therefore, is the prin-
ciple on whicn the preemption and the graduation
acts both stand. They both grant lands, to the
actual settler at a less price and upon more favor-
able terms than such lands are granted to anyone
else. Wherefore? Becausethatenhanccs the value
of remaining lands, and will bring them into mar-
ket more speedily. But if the donation of a part,
whether by alternate sections or otherwise, will
produce the same results, how can Senators de-
nounce this bill as unconstitutional, or even ob-
jectionable, and yet maintain the constitutionality
and expediency of those two acts?
Mr. President, since the 24th of April, 1820,
the minimum price of public lands—except (under
the graduation act) those which have remained in
market for ten years—has been $1 25 per acre.
(Statutes at Large, vol. 3, p. 5G6.) Almost forty
years—almost as long as the children of Israel
journeyed in the wilderness—that iniquity has
been perpetrated by the Federal Government to-
wards the people of the new States and the Ter-
ritories. What is the excuse for it? Why, sir,
we then had a public debt, and it was said that
the public lands must furnish the means of re-
demption. The debt has been paid; another lias
been creatcd, and that almost paid; still another
has been created, within the'last two years, un-
necessarily, -wantonly, recklessly, and even that
can be paid in two years with ever so little econ-
omy, and without any increase of taxation; but
the pioneers of the West have no relief, no favors,
no attention at all. The Secretary of the Interior
admonishes them not to complain. The public
lands are not required for the payment of any
debt, but merely ast£ the basis of a public credit.
I will give you his words:
" The public lands of the United States constitute a leg-
acy of inestimable value, which, if wisely administered,
will be the basis of a public credit far more substantial than
is possessed by any other nation m the world. The price
at which they are now sold-is little, if any, above prime
cost, if we take into account the expense of removing the
Indians and protecting the frontier."
In the first place, sir, the lands are not worth
one cent, as the basis of a public credit, nor for
any other purpose, until we can find people to buy
them; and if we would sell the lanas at any ad-
vantage, we must offer inducements to such as can
settle upon and cultivate them. Again, sir; docs
the Secretary of the Interior wish to impose on
the people of the new States and the Territories
not only the "prime cost" of the public lands,
including the expense of surveys and other prep-
aration for sale, and also including the amounts
paid to foreign Governments, and for the extin-
guishment of Indian titles, but, in addition, the
whole burden of maintaining our Army? That
such is the burden imposed on them by the pres-
ent price of public lands, the Sccrctary has testi-
fied; and yet, instead of recommending us to cor-
rect that inequality, as between the new and the
old States, he calls on us to perpetuate and even
aggravate it.
That was not the Democracy of Andrew Jack-
son. I quote from his message of December 4,
1832:
" Among the interests which merit the consideration of
Congress, after the payment of the public debt, one of the
most important, in iny view, is that of the public lands.
Previous to the formation ot our present Constitution, it
was recommended by Congress that a portion of the waste
lands owned by the States should he ceded to the United
States for the purposes of general harmony, and as a fund
to meet the expenses of the war. The recommendation
was adopted ; and, at different periods of time, the States
of Massachusetts, New Yoik, Virginia, North and South
Carolina, and Georgia, gianted their vacant soil for the uses
for which they had been asked. As the lands may now be
considered as relieved from this pledge, the object tor which
they were ceded having been accomplished, it is in the dis-
cretion of Congiess to dispose of them in such a way as
best to conduce to the quiet, harmony, and general interest
of the American people. In examining this question, all
local and sectional techngs should be discarded, and the
whole United States regarded as one people, interested
nlike m the prosperity of their common country.
" It cannot be doubted that the speedy settlement of these
lands constitutes the true interest of the Republic. The
wealth and stiength of a country are it* population, and the
best part of that population are the cultivators of the soil.
Independent fanners are everywhere the basis of society,
and true friend's of Jlbeity.
" In addition to those considerations, questions have al-
ready aiisen, and may be expected hereafter to growout-of
the public lands, which involve the rights of the new States,
and the powers of the General Government; and unless a
liberal policy be now adopted, there is danger that these
questions may speedily assume an importance not now
generally anticipated. The influence of a great sectional
interest, when brought into full action, will be found more
dangerous to the haunonyand union ot the States than any
other cause of discontent; and it is the part of wisdom and
sound policy to foresee its approachcs5 and endeavor, if
possible, to counteract them.
"Of the various shemes which have been hitherto pro-
posed in regaid to the disposal of the public lands, none
has yet received the entire approbation of the National
Legislature. Deeply impressed with the importance of a
speedy and satisfactory arrangement of the subject, I deem '
it my duty on this occasion to urge it upon your com>ider-
ation, and, to the propositions which have been heretofore
suggested by others, to contribute those reflections which
have occurred to me, in the hope that they may assist you
in your future deliberations.
'•'jXt seems to me to be our true policy that the public lands
shall cease, as soon as practicable, to he a source oj revenue,
and that they be sold to settlers, in limited parcels, at a
price barely sufficient to reimburse to the United States the
expense of the present system, and the cost arising under
our Indian compacts. The advantages of accurate surveys
and undoubted titles, now sccured to purchasers, seem to
forbid the abolition of the present system, because none can
be substituted which will more perfectly accomplish these
important ends>. It is desirable, however, that in conve-
nient time this machinery bo withdrawn from the States
and that the right of soil and the future disposition of it be
suirendered to the States respectively in which it lies.
"The adventitious and hardy population of the West,
besides contributing their equal share of taxation under our
impost system, have, m the progress of our Government,
for the lands thev occupy, paid into the Treasury a large '
proportion of forty millions of dollars, and, of the revenue
received therefrom, but a small part'has been expended
arneug them. When, to the disadvantage of their situa-
