1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
Mr. McRAE. We have got through 'with this.
Mr. COX. 1 will not detain the House longer
than a few minutes.
Mr. CARTER. I wish to ask the gentleman
[Mr. McRae] one question: whether the Dem-
ocratic party will admit Kansas into the Union
under such a constitution as she chooses to adopt,
if she asks admission during this session of Con-
gress?
Mr. COX I will answer the question.
Mr. CARTER. I wish the gentleman himself
[Mr. McRae] to answer.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust that gentle-
men will answer for themselves only.
Mr. McRAE. i only speak for myself. I do
not understand precisely the question which the
gentleman asked me, because I was interrupted
By my friends and'others calling upon me. I ask
him to repeat the question.
Mr. CARTER. I ask you whether you and
the so-called Democratic party of this House will
vote for the admission of Kansas into the Union
with such a constitution as they please to come
with during this session, if they so come ?
Mr. McRAE. The gentlemin asks me a ques-
tion, now, entirely outside the discussion which
has been taking place between us. As he said he
would not allow the floor to be yielded to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] until he got through
with that, I want to settle that other question; I
want to know if it is the doctrine of the gentleman
and of the Republican party, and he says he does
not belong to it exactly 
Mr. CARTER. Let me say one word.
Mr. McRAE. I will allow you to say one
word when I get through. I am astonished that
even the gentleman from New York himself will
not let me get through with my question.
Mr. CARTER. I beg pardon.
Mr. McRAE. I want to know of the gentle-
man if it is his doctrine, and if it is the doctrine
of the Republican party, that there is no such
thing acknowledged by them as the right of prop-
erty in man; that is, the right of property by the
white man in the black man r That is the ques-
tion I want settled.
Mr. CARTER. I will answer the gentleman
by saying that I have distinctly stated to this
assemblage that I belong to no party; that I have
spoken for no party; that I have merely spoken
for myself, and for myself alone; and that ques-
tion shall be answered in the same way that I
have spoken to-day. i say to him that, under the
form of our Government, in accordance with the
spirit in which it was established, I deny the fact
that it acknowledges property in. any human being.
Sejveral Democratic Members. That is the
higher law.
Mr. McRAE. That is what I wanted to know.
I wanted to know if there was one member upon
this floor who took the position that, under the
Constitution of the United States, under this com-
pact and Union, all the States, with the excep-
tion of one, that made this Union, had no rightof
property in that property which was at that time
existing, and which was recognized by the Con-
stitution, and for which we have constitutional
guarantees. -But, sir, here is a gentleman who
says he does not acknowledge it. Then, sir, lie
is a disunionist; he is an unconstitutional man.
[Great laughter.] Now, sir, if the gentleman
does not acknowledge tile right of property in
man, I want to know if he believes that the fugi-
tive slave law—not in its details, for lie might con-
sider some of them unconstitutional—but any fu-
gitive slave law, the best fugitive slave law that
could be made, founded upon that provision in
the Constitution, would be constitutional?
Air. CARTER. Now, I will call the attention
of the gentleman to the spirit and intent of the
framers of the Constitution. It was framed when
there were thirteen independent sovereignties in
this country. It was framed in part as an alliance
between these sovereignties. The General Gov-
ernment was endowed with no other powers than
those which were delegated to it. The sovereign
right m this country is in the people and m the
States. Tlioy cannot carry their peculiar kind of
property from one State into another where it is
not recognized as property. Under the fugitive
slave law, as I understand it, no man can be re-
claimed as a fugitive slave if his master carries him
out of the sovereignty of the State in which he is
held as a slave; but if he runs away from that
State, he violates one of the sovereign rights of
that State, for the protection of which the national
Government was formed; he violates no national
right which tlie national Government was formed
to protect. The national Government reclaims
that slave, not because he is property, but because
he has violated a sovereign right of a State. I do
say that every State in this Union has the power
and the right to establish slavery, if it chooses;
but I also say that they have no right to carry it
one inch beyond their limits.
Mr. McRAE. I understand the gentleman then
to take the position, that he denies that the pro-
vision in the Constitution authorizes the recap-
ture of fugitive slaves, and their return from one
State to another, upon the ground that they have
no right of property in the service or labor of
man.
Mr. CARTER. I will answer that question
by asking another. Suppose a master carries his
slave out of his State 
Mr. McRAE. That is not the question. Thgt
has nothing to do with the matter.
Mr. CARTER. Yes it has.
Mr. McRAE. The fugitive slave law does not
apply, except in case the slave runs away. It
does not apply to the case of a master carrying
his slave out of the State.
Mr. CARTER. It only applies where a slave
violates a sovereign rightof the people of a State.
Mr. McRAE. I ask you, then, whether, if a
slave or apprentice runs away, you cannot re-
capture under the right of property you have in
his service or labor ?
Mr. CARTER. You can reclaim him under
the rights of the sovereignty of the State, which
were guarantied in the formation of the national
Constitution.
Mr. McRAE. I want to know whether the
gentleman considers it aright of property or not?
Mr. CARTER. It is a right of sovereignty.
Mr. McRAE. Is it a right of sovereignty based
upon a right to property?
Mr. CARTER. If I understand it, the Con-
stitution of the General Government does not ac-
knowledge the right of property in a slave. I ask
the gentleman, suppose he carries any other kind
of property out of one State into another, whether
he could not, under the general law, carry that
back again, and whether the arm of the Govern-
ment would not protect him in carrying it back?
And then I ask him further, whether, if a master
carries his slave from a slave State into a free
State, the arm of the Government will protect
him in carrying that slave back again ?
Mr. McRAE. That has nothing at all to do
with this question.
Mr. CARTER. It has all to do with it. It
shows what the right of the State is, and where
the State lias a right to claim the protection of
the General Government.
Mr. McRAE. The fugitive slave law, and
the provision of the Constitution on which it is
founded, relates to the escape of a person from
service or labor from one State into another, not
to his being carried from one State into another.
So the gentlemnn upon that pointevades the ques-
tion entirely. But, sir, I am satisfied with his
answer for the reason that lie denies that the Con-
stitution recognizes the right of property in the
service either of an apprentice or a slave.
Mr. CARTER. Now, I ask the gentleman to
repeat that clause of the Constitution upon which
the fugitive slave law is founded.
Mr. McRAE. I have not got it here.
Mr. CARTER. Then I ask that it may be
read. You will then see by what right the slave
is held.
Mr. WHITELEY. Why not have the whole
Constitution read? [Laughter.]
The Clerk read, as follows:
"No person held to seivice oi labor m one State, under
the laws thcieof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of anj law oi i ogulation therein, be discharged fioni
such service m labor, hut <-hn]l ho delivered up on claim of
the paity to whom such service oi labor may be due.'5
Mr. CARTER. Mark the language of the Con-
stitution, '* under the lavs thereof,."
• Mr. McRAE. I ask the gentleman to answer
whether that is a right of property which we have r
Mr. CARTER. Thegentleman asks me whether
I acknowledge the right of property in slaves. I
will answer him plainly and distinctly how such
a right can be obtained. It is not, sir, under the
spirit of our Government, the inherent right of
the strong to enslave the weak.
Mr. McRAE. I did not ask the gentleman for
an argument.
Mr. CARTER. It is not the inherent right un-
der our principle of Government that the strong
shall enslave-the weak. How then can that right
be obtained ? It can only be obtained by a sov-
ereign power passing arbitrary laws to make it
such. Under the sovereign power of a State, the
people have a right to pass such laws. In some
of the States they have slave laws which permit
the holding of negroes as slaves; which hold and
protect them as property. I bow in all submis-
sion, because the Constitution tells us that we
shall respect the sovereignty of every State, and
the laws of every State within the limits of the
State itself.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman has not answered
my question. I asked him distinctly whether he
considered that the service or labor which is re-
ferred to in-the Constitution is a right of property ?
Mr. CARTER. It is so within the States. It
is the sovereign right of the States to pass such
laws; and, in my opinion, it is the right of the
States only. By force of the Constitution there
is no right of property in slaves.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman does not answer
my question, whether it is a right of property
which we have ?
Mr. CARTER. I have said that it is a right
which you have under the sovereignty of the
State to make it such, and not by forcc of the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. McRAE. Is it a right of property?
Mr. CARTER. It may be held as property
under the law of the State.
Mr. McRAE. That is enough. The Consti-
tution authorizes us to pass such laws; and the
Constitution authorizing us to pass such laws, it
is, therefore, sir, undeniably a rightof property
under the Constitution. I fix the fact upon the
gentleman notwithstanding his denial.
Mr. CARTER. It is only property when the
people of a Sfate in their sovereign power so
decree within their own limits; but the limits of
a State are not those of the whole country.
Mr. McRAE. Their limits are the whole
country so far as the return of fugitive slaves is
concerned.
Mr. CARTER. So they are, if the fugitive has
violated one of your sovereign rights—not other-
wise.
Mr. McRAE. Well, our slaves violate our
rights when they run away.
Mr. CARTER. So they do, and then we return
them to you.
Mr. McRAE. Iam happy to hear that. I wish
it would always be done. -
Mr. CARTER. It was a compromise between
the States; a contract, as I conceive, a solemn,
sacred contract, and it ought to be observed.
Mr. McRAE. I am glad to hear our right in
that respect recognized, and I hope the constitu-
tional provision will be better executed in the
North.
• Mr. CARTER. Air. Clerk, I will claim no
longer to hold the floor, but I yield it uncondition-
ally. Gentlemen on all sides, who desire to, can
answer the question I have propounded: Are they
or are they not in favor of a slave code for the
Territories ?
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. McRAE. The gentleman fromNcw York
has yielded the floor altogether, and, as I now
have it, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand the gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Hixdman] to be entitled to
the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Mississippi
was upon the floor when the gentleman from New
York yielded it.
Mr. McRAE. I luive the floor, then. The Clerk
recognized the gentleman fiom Arkansas, when
he supposed the gentleman from New York had
yielded it; but as he had not yielded that passes
for nothing. I have the floor now. *
Mr. BURNETT. Who does the Clerk decide
is entitled to the floor?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist, then, that he shall
occupy it, and that lie shall not yield it to other
gentlemen.
