1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2475
the Senate had passed an act (No. 149) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priation for the completion of the geological sur-
vey of Oregon and Washington Territories, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following titles:
An act (No, 394) for the relief of Mary J. Mad-
dux; and
An act (No. 520) directing the conveyance of
a lot of ground for the use of the public schools
of the city of Washington;
The former without, and the latter with, an
amendment; in which lie was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
SAMUEL II. BAILEY.
Mr. HATTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting a pension to Samuel H. Bai-
ley; winch was read a first and second time,and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ECLIPSE OF THE STJN.
Mr. PETT1T. I desire, by unanimous con-
sent, to report back from the Committee on the
Library a joint resolution of the Senate upon the
subject of observing the eclipse of the sun, which
takes place on the 18th of July.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, objected.
Mr. PETT'IT. I beg leave to say that if this
bill is to pass at all, it is important that it should
be passed at once, in order that the persons may
be chosen for the expedition, and that the vessel
now belonging to the Coast Survey may be sent
forward upon the Labrador coast. I trust there
will be no objection.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, objected.
Mr. SHERMAN. Inasmuch as objection is
made, I call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 12) concerning
invalid pensions, and regulating the times of their
commencement.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to put that bill upon
its passage, and I call for the reading of the same.
The bill, which was read, provides that the pen-
sions which have been granted, or which may
hereafter be granted, to officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, privates, artificers, rangers,
sea-fcncibles, volunteers, express riders, seamen,
marines, pilots, engineers, firemen and coal-heav-
ers, and other persons in the land or naval service
of the United States, disabled by wounds or other
injuries received while in the line of their duty,
shall be considered to commence from the time of
being so disabled; and that the amount of pension
to which said persons may be entitled, shall be
regulated by existing laws in relation to the pay
of invalid pensioners, and that they shall be en-
titled to such pension during their respective lives,
or during disability; provided that the amount of
pension which any of the persons above named
have received shall first be deducted from the pen-
sion to which he is entitled under this bill.
The bill further provides that in case of the
death of any of the above-mentioned persons,
before or after the passage of this law, the amount
which may be due to such person, under the pro-
visions of this act, shall be paid to his widow.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I object both to the
introduction of this bill and to putting it upon its
passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes, if there
is no appropriation, that it is proper to consider
it now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that, during
the morning hour, you cannot put a bill upon its
passage, except by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. This bill is regularly before
the House as the report of a committee; and the
Chair does not see how gentlemen can prevent its
being acted upon.
Mr. FENTON. This bill proposes no change
in the existing laws. It proposes not to add one
person to the pension roll, nor to increase the
amount of pensions. It simply proposes to reg-
ulate the time of the commencement of the pen-
sions of those who are entitled to pensions under
existing laws, and thus remove from the Halls of
Congress the numerous applications which are
made from year to year for back pay to the Army
and Navy invalids. With this explanation, I call
the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw liis demand for the pre-
vious question, to allow me to say a few words
in reference to this bill.
Mr. FENTON. Were I to do that for the gen-
tleman, I should have to extend the same cour-
tesy to a great many other gentlemen. I have no
objection, for the information of the House, that
the bill should be read again.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from
New York will not attempt to put a bill of the
magnitude of this, upon its passage under the
previous question, without allowing one word to
be said in reference to it. The gentleman treats it
as a very small matter. I say to the House, that
we have passed fifty cases this session for the
relief of persons, each one of whom, under the
provisions of this bill, will be allowed four or five
thousand dollars back pay; and yet the gentleman
from Dew York refuses to allow us to investi-
gate it.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion for the purpose of answering the remarlss of
the genfleman from North Carolina.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to inquire of the Chair whether I have the
right to object to the gentleman from New York
holding the previous question in his control to
prevent others from debating the bill, and with-
drawing it to debate it himself. If I have, I object.
The injustice of such a course satisfies me of the
incorrectness and fraud of this bill; and I shall
move tailay it upon the table.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to say, in answer to
the rcmarksofthegentleman from North Carolina,
that this bill does not embrace any one of the
eases provided for by the special action of this
House, unless those persons were simply allowed
back pay under existing laws. It affects no special
legislation, nor does it place persons upon the in-
valid pension roll, who are not entitled to be there
under existing general laws, applicable to Army
and Navy invalid pensioners. I apprehend about
one third of the invalids of the army of 1812 and
of subsequent wars are upon the pension roll from
the date of disability, or injuries incurred while
in the line of their duty. Such was the practice
of the Pension department down to 1820 or 1822;
but since that the practice of the Pension depart-
mcntand of Congress has not been uniform. This
bill proposes to place them all upon an equality,
and makes the pay commence from the date of the
injury while in the line of their duty, instead of
from the date of the completion of the proofs in the
case, as now practiced at the Pension department.
I again call the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to put a question to the
gentleman from New York, to see whether I un-
derstand the object of this bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is debate in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I object
to it.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from New
York has the opportunity, having reported the
bill from his committee, to debate it. I desire to
make one inquiry of him. Hearing that bill
read at the Clerk's desk, I cannot exactly under-
stand its provisions; but, if I do understand them
correctly, the bill provides that the time from
which an invalid pension shall date is the time of
the injury received by the pensioner. I inquire,
therefore, whether this does not extend back to
those pensioners who are now drawing pensions,
and whether this does not change the existing
laws on this subject?
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question is pending, and debate is not in order.
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Theakek
and Avery were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-one; noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. McQ.UEEN. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. I now propose to gentlemen
on the other side, that if they withdraw the call
for the previous question, I will withdraw my
motion to lay on the table. [Voices on the Re-
publican side, " No!" " No !"] I am wiliirigand
desirous to have the bill discussed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The previous question has
been seconded, and I call for a vote on ordering
the main question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know if this bill
has beenjjrinted. If so, I want a copy of it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the bill has not been printed.
Mr. AYERY. I believe the bill has been
printed.
Mr. BRANCH. The bill has not been printed;
it has been read from the manuscript.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Avery, Barksdale, fi.'trr, Bonham, Bote-
ter, lioyce, Branch, Bureli, Burnett, John H.Clark, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane, James Craig, Burton Craige, Claw-
ion!, Curry, Davidson, John G, Davis, De Jamette, Dunn,
Edinundson, Ferry, Gartreil, Hardeman, John T. Harris,
Hill, Hoard, Houston, Hughes, Hutciiins, Jackson, Jones,
Kunkel, Lamar, Landiuin, Logan, Longnecker, Love,
Maclay, McQueen, M1IN011, Sydenham Moore, Niblaek,
Noell, Pejton, Phelps, Pryor, I'imli, Reagan, Iviggs, Ruffin,
Sherman, Thayer, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vandever,
WliiteJcy, and Wright—59.
NAYS—Messis. Charles P. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
raiu, Aldrieli, Allen, Aliey, Thomas L. Anderson, William
C- Anderson, Ashley,Babbitt, Bingham, Blair, BJake, Bou-
ligny, Brahson, Braylon, Briggs, Gristow, Buffinton, Bnrlin-
game, Burnhani, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax,
t/'orwin, Cuius, II. Winter Davis, Dueil, Edgerton, Ed-
vvants, Elior, Ely, Ethendgc, denton, Florence, Foster,
French,Gooch, Giaham,Grow,Gurley, J.Morrison Harris,
Hatton, Helmiek, Hickman, Holman, William Howard,
William A, Howard, Jivinc, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogg, Killmger, Larrubee, DeWitt C, Leacli,
James M. Leach, Lee, Lnomis, Lovejoy, iMallory, Marston,
Maynaid, MeKean, MeKiught, Mcpherson, Montgomery;
Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Nelson, Nixon, Perry,
Pettit, Potter, Pottle,Quailes, Reynolds, Kice, Christopher
nolmison, Itoyce, Scbwmtz, William N. H. Smith, Spauld-
uig, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, James A. Stewart, Wil-
liam Stewart, Stokes, Stratton.Tappan, Tlieaker, Tomp-
kins, Trimble, Vance, Van Wyek, Verree, Wade, Wal-
dron, Walton, Ellihu B. Wasliburne, Israel Washburn,
Webster, Wells, Windom, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
son—110.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. HILL, when bis name was called, said:
With some modifications, I would like to hav.e
voted for this bill; but I do not think it is suf-
ficiently guarded; I shall therefore vote "ay."
Mr. COX, not being within the bar when his
name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. COX said he would have voted " no."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to ask the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Fenton] how
much money this will take from the Treasury?
Mr. NOELL. One hundred million dollars.
Mr. FENTON. I am ready to answer the
question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Well, answer it; we want
to hear your answer.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, how much will it take
from the Treasury ? The gentleman from New
York has a right to address the Chair.
Mr. FENTON. Has the previous question
been seconded, Mr. Speaker?
Mr. SHERMAN. It has; but the gentleman
from Now York has an hour to speak to the bill,
and I have a right to ask the question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The previous
question has been seconded; and I ask if anything
can be done till it be decided whether the main
question shall be ordered ?
The SPEAKER. That is the question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask that it
be put to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question, I want the bill
passed, but not in this mode, and I will vote
against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Allen,
William C. Anderson, Babbitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bo-
teler, Brabson, Brayton, Bristow, Buffinton, Burlinpaine,
Jtiumham, Campbell, Carter, Case, Cox, Curtis, H. Winter
