I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Invasion of States—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
alition is unfit to rule over a free people; and its
possession of the Federal Government is a just
cause of war by the people whose safety is thereby
put in jeopardy. /
The third clause of the second section of the
fourth article of the Constitution reads as fol-
lows: y
" No person held to scrvioe or labor in any State uridor
the iuwei thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any Jaw or regulation therein, be discharged lYom_
such service or labor, but shall he delivered up on claim of
«the party to whom such ^civicc or labor may be due."
The second section of the sixth article snym:
"This Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which shall bo made in ptuMiance theieof, and all treaties
made or winch shall be made under the authority of the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the land, and
the judges in every State shall be bound thcrebv, anything
in the constitution or iavvsoi any State to the contraiy not-
withstanding."
This is the Constitution. It is plain; it is dis-
tinct. It needs no commentary, and if it did, suck
commentary is to be found in the words of the
fathers who put the provision there. I have them
before me. They are known of all men. The
principle did not originate in the Constitution. It
has been a fundamental principle of society for
thirty centuries. It is to be found, also, in the
ordinance of 1787, an ordinance called by this
organization which chooses to usurp the name of
the Republican party, a sacred ordinance. It is
in the sixth clause of that act. It was in the very
section which declared that slavery or involun-
tary servitude, except for crime, should never
exist in the Northwest Territory, which was put
there, in a moment of weakness, by the old Con-
federation.
These hypocrites, who affect almost to ascribe
divine origin to this ordinance, under which they
have been protected and admitted as equals to the
Government, are the first to evade, deny, and elude
so much of its obligation as is not conformable to
their ignorancc and narrow prejudices. They use
the liberty wherewith we have clothed them to
brin£ shame and reproach on themselves and an
empire of freemen. But, as I have said, this sound
principle of public polity had an older origin than
the ordinance of 1787. In the confederation of the
New England States, it was adopted as their public
law. I will merely advert to the authority. My
voice will not allow me to read it all. It is apparent
that the act of 1793 was almost a transcript of that
agreement. It certainly was its foundation; for
the similarity of ideas and language could not be
* accidental. The New England Senators who
drafted and voted for the act of 1793 could not have
been ignorant of their own act of 1G43. This is
that act:
" It is also a?ieed that, if anv scivant run awav from his
master into any of the.se r-onledeiate juiisdi'-tiont., that, in
such ca>e, upon eeitifuate ot one magistiate ju the junsdie-
tion out of which the said seivant fled, or upon othei due
proof, the said servant«hall he delivered either to his mas-
ter, or any other that pursues and brings such ceitifieate or
proof."—JVinthrop's New England, vol. 2, pp. 10-1, 10.3.
The Puritan fathers required less evidence to
deliver up a fugitive from labor than a fugitive
from justice by one half. For the delivery of a
fugitive from justice, they required the certificate
of two magistrates. Who these servants were,
I refer you, for further information, to that por-
tion of the history of New England in which you
will find that humane Indian intercourse law under
which they made reprisals on the "salvages" for
the wrongs they did Christians, by seizing these
"salvages," (uiough their officers were directed
to be sparing of seizing icomen and children,) ex-
porting and exchanging them for "neagcrs."
These prudent Puritans had not studied Noll and
Gliddon, or Morton, or Agassiz on the diversity
of races, but expei iencc had taught them the su-
periority of the "neager" over the Indian as an
available operative; therefore they exported the
Indian and imported the African.
The act of Congiess of 1793, to surrender fugi-
tives from labor, came for adjudication before the
Supreme Court, and was there affirmed. It was
decided to be constitutional by every State court
in the United States, up to the passage of the act
of 1850, without any exception. It was not only
affirmed in the case of Pris;*? vs. Pennsylvania, by
the Supreme Court of the United States; notonly
affirmed to be a constitutional law by every judi-
cial officer of the Federal Government who ever
sat on the bench anywlieie, at any time, from the
formation of the Government down, but the judi-
ciary of every non-slaveholding State in the Union
affirmed its constitutionality, as well as the courts
of the slaveholding States. The act of 1793 was
adopted during the administration of Washington.
It passed the Senate unanimously—was intro-
duced by New England men,and I suppose they
got it from the source I have indicated. It was
passed in the House of Representatives by twenty-
six northern and twenty-two southern men—
nearly a unanimous vote in that House. It was
signed by Washington. It was not questioned
until the non-slaveholding States began to act
under the influence of Exeter Hall; their treason
was not indigenous. These traitors now pretend
that the act of 1850 instigated the hostility to the
rendition of fugitives fiom labor.
I will show from the record, that the pretense,
is untrue; long before that act was passed they
had passed numerous cunningly contrived and
fraudulent acts to elude, evade, and defeat this
plain constitutional obligation. What does the act
,<*>f 1850 do ? It only more effectually provides for
the execution of the Constitution, and defeats
fraudulent State legislation intended to elude its
provisions. The constitutionality of this law has
been maintained, as far as I know or believe, by
every Federal court in the Union and every State
court also, except that of Wisconsin. The decis-
ion of that court has recently been brought before
the highest judicial tribunal of dSfr country. I find
in the twenty-first volume of Howard's Supreme
Court Reports two cases decided together, Able-
man vs. Booth, and the United States vs. Booth.
That decision is able, learned, and eloquent. I
cannot read all of it that I could wish to read. I
commend it to all honest men; I give enough ofit
to elucidate the point I am discussing:
" In the ca>e bet ore the supreme court of Wisconsin, a
ricjlit was claimed under the Constitution and laws of Un-
united State-, and the decision was apain-t the right
claimed; and it refuses obedience to the writ of error, and
. regai ds its own judgment as final. It has not only revered
1 and annulled the judgment of the district court of the
United States, but it has reversed and annulled the pro-
vision's of the Constitution itself."—Hoi"cnd*s Reports, vol.
21, p. 522.
That is the unanimous judgment of the whole
court, of the northern men and the southern men
on that bench; and there are four northern men
on it. They declared that the court of Wiscon-
sin had not only annulled the judgment of the dis-
trict court of the United States, but had reversed
and annulled the provisions of the Constitution
itself. One of the youngest of our sisters, who
got rotten before she got ripe, comes to us even
m the first few years of her admission, with her
hands all smeared with the blood of a violated
Constitution, all polluted with perjury.
But, hay the Supreme Court of the United States,
also unanimously, in reference to the aotof 1850:
" Dut, although we tbmk it unnecessary to discuss these
questions, vet, aV they have been decided bv the State com t
and are before us on the record, and we are not willing to
be misuiid«*rstood, it is proper to .say that, in the judgment
of this court, the actof Congress commonly called the fugi-
tive slave law is, in all it*- provisions, fully authorised by
the Constitution of the United states."—Ibid, pageC>*26.
Such is the judgment of the whole court. No
honest man denies, or even questions, its sound-
ness or its purity. It is the solo arbiter created
by the Constitution of our country to decide upon
the private lights of the people of one State
against the people of another State. The highest
judicial tribunal of Wisconsin refuses to obey this
decision; the State sustains them,and has theau-
dacity to send Senators here to look honest men
in the foce, and prate about union. Their insen-
sibility to shame.excites more of our pity than
our contempt. Mr. President, I hold in my hand
; copies and abstracts of laws and resolutions of
i lime States of this Union, all of which have been
| adopted with the direct intent to abrogate and
; annul this plain provision of the Constitution.
These, laws were passed by the Abolitionists, now
called the Republican party of the United States.
They aie all plain, diiect, undeniable violations
of the oaths which the men who passed them took
to support the Constitution of the United States.
All of them display the scienter, the corrupt knowl-
edge of those that passed them, of the crimes they
were committing. Their very efforts to hide, to
conceal their .purpose, demonstrate their criminal
intent. I shall not detain the Senate with reading
this sad catalogue; but I shall comment on the
most atrocious of these laws, and annex abstracts,
of them to my printed speech, with references to
enable the reader to^ investigate this humiliating
record of depravity.
Their objects are sometimes sought to be ac-
complished* by resolutions proclaiming a "higher
law" as the guide to pliant judicial interpretation-
In other cases they are sought to be accomplished
by habeas corptis acts, by writs of mandamus,
tended to transfer cases from the judgment of
honest men to the decisions of Republicans; but
the bolder criminals have squarely met the ques-
tion, and annulled the Constitution by means of
what are called personal liberty acts. Maine, New
Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Isl-
and, Connecticut, Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Iowa, have all sought to accomplish these results
in the one or the other of tla* modes which I have
described. The State of Maine, by section 53,
chapter 80, of Revised Code, fines every honest
man in her limits who regards his obligation to
the Federal compact, and holds State office under
her, §1,000, or imprisons him not less than one
year, for maintaining, or attempting to maintain,
this provision of the Constitution. No person in
Maine can enter upon the discharge of any office,
civil or military, who does not take an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States. If
he chooses to regard the obligations of his oath
and the duties of a good citizen, he is fined $1,000
or put in prison. Maine offers to her office-hold-
ers, in the discharge of national obligations, the
alternative of perjury or a prison. I never heard
of a Republican in the State who accepted the
latter alternative.
Massachusetts commenced her career of crime
as early as March 24, 1843, and has continued
it up to 3858. Infidelity to the Federal compact
is the rule of conduct of her public men of the
Republican party; and open, shameless disregard
of their oaths to support the Constitution, as far as
the fugitive slave law is concerned, is their best
passport to popular favor. New Hampshire
frees every fugitive from labor who may escape
into her borders. The Constitution says she shall
not. Her public men swear they will support the
Constitution. By her legislation, she would im-
prison any one of her southern " brethren "''five
years for passing through her bordeis accompa-
nied by his body servant; yet I am considered a
rash, violent man, a disunionist, for not accepting
i such people as my brethren. (See laws of New
Hampshire, chapter 1956, June session, 1857.)
The people of Vermont would seize my servant
under similar circumstances, and the State pledges
its whole power to defend him. Michigan would
imprison any southern man by her laws for pass-
ing through her territory with his domestic ser-
vant. She has been otherwise extremely active
in her legislation to subvert the Constitution.
Rhode Island has offered Jier officers, civil and
military, the same alternatives allowed them by
Maine, to wit: perjury or a prison. Connecticut
has passed characteristic laws, under the fraudu-
lent pretense of prcven^ng kidnapping. She fines
ail persons $5,000 and imprisons them five years
for failing, in their suit, to recover their slave
properly; and takes good care, by her rules of
evidence and the tribunals before whom she at~
tempts to brina: them, that they shall fail.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. FOSTER. TheSenator has alluded to the
SLate of Connecticut. I should be obliged to him
if he would point out the act of the State of Con-
necticut which he claims to be unconstitutional.
1 ask it merely that I may have my attention
drawn to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will. In Connecticut, per-
sons were prohibited from bringing slaves into the
State under a penalty of $350 for each slave; and
the State authorities were prohibited from arrest-
ing or detaining fugitives from slavery by the act
of 1854.
Mr. FOSTER. I will ask the Senator if he
will not read the act, to see whether the prohibi-
tion of bringing slaves into the State be not to sell
or dispose of them; whether that is not the whole
provision to which he refers. It merely prevented
the bringing in slaves to sell or dispose of them.
