1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1533
lation, but absolute and positive fraud. Here is
what he says:
" While I have tlie greatest confidence in the watchful-
ness and integrity of the officers who have heretofore had
the direct management of the pension bureau, the develop-
ment of the frauds which have been palmed off upon that
office is astounding. Duringthelastyearfrauduiembounty
land claims, amounting m the aggregate to about one han-
dled and seventy-five thousand acres, have been detected
and exposed. Previous investigation had brought to light
a fraudulent issue of about two hundred and twenty-five
thousand acres. Pour of the perpetrators of these frauds
have been convicted and sentenced during the last yeai;
one, against whom the proot was conclusive, escaped pun-
ishment under the statute limiting prosecutions to two years
fiom the commission of the offense ; and thirteen others
have been regularly indicted, and aie awaiting their trials.
The boldness and ingenuity with which thes*e impostors
have presented, pressed, and successfully prosecuted their
cases, have equaled anything recorded in the annals of
crime. In some cases they have even imposed upon their
immediate Representatives in Congiess, and made them the
vehicles of conducting their correspondence for establish! ng
their fraudulent claims. They are generally a class of men
who have managed to maintain respectable names in the
communities in which they live; so that nothing but the
most convincing proof, furnished from the records of the
office, can satisfy the juries of their guilt. Public justice
and the fail reputation of the Government alike demand
that these offenders should be brought to condign punish-
ment."
And yet, with his own sentence of condemna-
tion upon the system which has been thus fruit-
ful of frauds unparalleled in the annals of crime,
the Secretary of the Interior implores us not to
pass the homestead bill, for fear it will destroy
the bounty land warrants! Mr. President, when
my honored friend, the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson,] was added to the Committee on
Public Lands at the first of December, 1857,1 can-
not express the sensation of relief to myself per-
sonally. I had been a member of that committee
at that time for two years. Singly and alone in
the committee, and almost alone in the Senate, had
I resisted the extravagant grants to railroad corpo-
rations, until finally 1 begged my political friends
to relieve me from a duty so oppressive. At that
time, too, we were pressed by aproposition to issue
untold quantities ofland scrip to the several States,
under the pretense of endowing agricultural col-
leges. We had barely escaped a similar scheme
for the endowment of asylums for the insane. The
great bounty land act of 1855, which was the chief
sinner of all, was in full operation, even to its sup-
plementary amendment and extension of 185G;
and it did really seem to me that, between rail-
roads and insane asylums, and agricultural col-
leges and bounty lands, there would not be left a
foot of the continent on which the actual settler
could any longer go; and it was for the purpose
of cutting up  these monopolies that I called on the
Senator from Tennessee to introduce and press
his homestead bill.
To be sure, further examination lias induced
me, as one of the committee, to recommend many
limitations and conditions which have not been
altogether acceptable to other friends of the bill;
and I believe the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Wilkinson] left us in doubt finally whether he
would or would not vote for the bill in case the
Senate amendments were adopted. Sir, it is bet-
ter to hasten slowly. Great frauds followed the
preemption act and the graduation bill. Let us
put the homestead act into operation with all the
safeguards which caution can suggest. If it proves
wellj if it answers our expectation, there will be
time enough to remove these safeguards, which
we, out of abundant caution, now provide; there
will be time enough to extend the benefit of it to
unmarried men, to extend its operation to lands
not subject to private entry. All that can come
in due season; but it is the principle which I es-
teem of more importance than all the rest. It is
for Congress to declare, oncc for all, that the pub-
lic domain of this Government shall be no longer
the plunder ground of the lobbierswlio beset this
Capitol; that it shall not endow colleges, asylums,
nor "schools, anywhere but upon the very spot
where the land itself is; that it shall go into the
coffers of no railroad corporation, to enable it to
raise the price of the land to every humble pur-
chaser, and thus deprive him of the bread which
he would otherwise put into the mouths of his wife
and children. Sir, if we can establish that prin-
ciple, even if no individual derives the benefit of
the bill, the mere airing of this Capitol—the mere
driving out from this temple, with the whips of
scorn, those who have so long gathered here for
the purpose of fastening their schemes on the
public domain—will, in the purification of the Gov-
ernment alone, be of infinitely more importance
than any bill that has been proposed since I have
had the honor to be a member of the Senate.
Sir, I deprecate all attempts of gentlemen on
either side of this Chamber to give this discussion
a partisan or a sectional turn. If my Democracy
is not sufficiently well tested to stand me against
the accusation of any other gentleman who chooses
to call it in question, then, sir, it may take care
of itself. It is very certain that, until this session,
and, I believe, until the Senator from Texas sug-
gested it, I never heard it suggested that there
was a party issue involved in this bill. The first
men who reported it to Congress were Democrats.
It passed the same Democratic House of Repre-
sentatives which enacted the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, and in the same session; and I think it had.
passed before at a time when the Senator from
Tennessee was a member of that House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It passed in
1852.
Mr. PUGH. So that it is rather late in the
day for my friend from Texas to introduce new
tests into the party; and for one, I choose to ad-
here to the policy declared by General Jackson
and Mr. Calhoun, for whom I have great respect,
with the Senator. Neither do I see, as was sug-
gested by the Senator from Tennessee who spoke
the other day, [Mr. Nicholson,] how the effect
of the homestead bill can be cither to increase or
discourage the settlement of slaveholding commu-
nities. I do not see how it is to injure any one.
Mr. WIGFALL. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me to explain, I may just as well do it
in a few words now. I surely never intended to
bring in question his Democracy, or the Democ-
racy of any gentleman on this floor. I said that
this question did involve, in my apprehension,
some great constitutional questions, such as the
power of the Government; and that under that
phase of the question, it must necessarily (as al-
most every question which arises here) bo a test
of political orthodoxy. For instance, there are
two parties, as the Senator will admit, in this
country, and always have been, differing from
each other as to their mode of construing the
Constitution and administering the Government.
If the parties do not differ upon that, then both of
them are spoils parties. It was in this view that
I said that this question, as it occurred to me,
must be u party question. It involves the power
of the Government over the public domain; and
that again involves the question as to what sort of
a Government wo are living under; and that, the
character and construction of the Constitution.
Thus far I did say it was a party question, and
no further. There is no one that would render
more justice to the Senator from Ohio than I
would, for the good service he has done the prin-
ciples of the Democratic party in defending a strict
construction of the Federal Constitution.
Mr. PUGH. I am very much obliged to my
friend for the compliment; and under his dis-
claimer I have no further observations to make
on that point. I was about to say, that I could
not see how the operation of this bill could be
disastrous to the slaveholding States, or to Terri-
tories in which slaveholders might desire to settle.
In the first place, as to that large class of people,
the non-slaveholders, it would occur to me that if
they received this grant of one hundred and sixty
acres ^ ithout being compelled to pay for it, they
might invest the small surplus of their funds,
whatever it might be, in the purchase of negroes.
[Laughter.]'
*Mr. WIGFALL. Ninety-nine out of a hun-
dred of them own land already.
Mr. PUGH. Well, they can sell that land if
they receive our farm for nothing; and they <*an
invest the proceeds of their other farm m the ne-
gro business, as far as the act is concerned. If
there be any particular advantages in a man's
owning negroes, I shoUld think it rather advanced
hia case than retarded it; but it will have no effect
on that question. ' *
Mr. WIGFALL. I will simply say to the Sen-
ator, that one hundred and sixty acres is not
enough to work a negro.
Mr. PUGH. Very well; then he can buy the
adjacent sections. We do not provide that he
shall have only one hundred and sixty acres. We
give him that much.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator add one
himdred and sixty acres for every negro he owns?
Mr. PUGH. If he has a negro, he ought to be
able to buy an additional one hundred and sixty
acres.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then you admit it is pro-
viding for those who cannot buy?
Mr, PUGH. Those who cannot buy and those
who can—both of them. Those who already have
lands, by receiving this grant free of cost, pan ap-
propriate their money to some other object; and
if they choose to go into the business of buying;
slaves, they will have more funds for the purpose.
I think the great majority of the settlers will not
do anything of the sort. •
However, Mr. President, it was probably out
of the usual line for me to make any reference to
that matter. I have only said what I have in re*
gard to it to dispel the alarm of my friend from
Texas. I really do not think the homestead bill
will have the slightest effect either to retard pr
extend the jurisdiction of slavery. Nor do I be-
lieve furthermore that all the acts of Congress
which have been passed from the days of the
ordinance of 1787 down to this present hour, con-
tained, I think, in about eleven volumes of stat-
utes, more or less, have ever had the effect of ex-
tending or diminishing slavery one hair's breadth;
and for that reason I have always thought, as X
still think, that the less we bring that question
into senatorial and congressional discussion, the
better.
As I said at the outset, it is the object of this
bill, as I understand it, to adopt a policy for the
disposition of the public domain. We are at pres-
ent without a policy; or it is a plunder policy for
railroad companies, for agricultural colleges, for
the assignees of bounty land warrants. The object
of this bill is to exclude the whole of them, and
confine the sale of the public land we have to sell,
limiting it to actual settlers.
Mr. MASON. To give it away.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; not give it away, no more
than you give it away, as 1 have shown, under
every other statute. There is an ample return to
the Government in the increased value of all the
adjacent lands. 1 thank the Senate for the kind
attention they have given to me.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, having been
alluded to particularly by the Senator from Ohio,
and having the other day made a rambling talk in
reference to this question, I do not feel that it
would be entirely out of place for me to answer
so much of his speech as shall occur to me objec-
tionable to criticism, during the brief period I
shall occupy the attentipn of the Senate.
The Senator has charged upon me inconsist-
ency. Weil, possibly so; but those who live in
glass houses ought not to throw stones. The
Senator, if I recollect aright—and I beg that he
will correct me if I do not—some time during the
first half of his spccch, in alluding to preemption
settlers) objected to the whole policy, on two dis-
tinct grounds; one was that it induced men to go #
into unsettled and unsurveyed territory, trespass
upon Indian rights, getinvolvcd in difficulties with
the Indians, and then involve the Government in
the expense of Indian wars, followed by the ex-
pense of Indian treaties, and that again by the ap-
pointment of Indian agents, who were to kill tho
Indians off with whisky. That was his objec-
tion to the preemption policy.
Mi. PUGH. The Senator must not say I
objected to the preemption policy. I advocated
it. I said that particular feature of the preemption
law precipitated this pressure into the public do-
main beyond what the genoral policy of the law
designed; that it was one of the particular defects
in the bill, and therefore we had omitted it in this
Mr. WIGFALL. Then, in one case, he ob-
jects to the preemption policy, because it extends
the settlements and involves us in difficulty with
the Indians. Then he goes, in the very next
breath, for the homestead policy on the ground
that it will involve the extension of our settle-
ments, and throw into the Indian country a body
of hardy frontiersmen who will prevent the Gov-
ernment from the expense of carrying on Indian
wars, by conducting them themselves.
Mr. PUGH. I do not recollect anything of
that sort in my speech.
Mr. WIGFALL. If you will look to the
speech you will see it. Well, Mr. President, so
far as that question is conceraed, I take the Sen-
ator up on another ground. He admits to the
