THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). G.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, I860.
New Series No. 33-
shall fully understand what my views are in re-
gard to tiio subject of slavery in the Territories.
Mr. COX. I distinctly said that I did uotSpeak
for any Democrat except myself. I speak the
views of the Ohio Democracy in their resolu-
tion. And I beg here to say to gentlemen, that
there is nofra Democratic newspaper in Ohio, not
a Democratic politician in Ohio, of either wing of
the party, but assents, as I understand, to that
last resolution. It was passed with unanimity.
It was prepared with care. It was prepared by
]$r. Paine, whom the Democrats ran for Gov-
ernor two years ago. It is the calm, the deliber-
ate expression of the Ohio Democracy, as respect-
able in numbers, talent, firmness, and political
integrity, as the Democracy of any other section
of the Union. And if gentlemen object to north-
ern Democrats taking the floor here and discuss-
ing these matters, I have to remind them simply
of this: that our southern Democratic friends
here frequently give expression to their peculiar
views. Some have even undertaken to speak the
views of the northern Democracy. I see 110 rea-
son why we should not have the same chance of
political ventilation.
Mr, BURNETT. Will the gentleman yield
me the floor for a moment?
Mr. COX. Not now, sir. Just one moment
more. I do not see any great difference between
northern and southern Democrats, taking the
body of them in this Hall, on this subject. The
Ohio resolution does not recognize the Died Scott
decision as having already adjudicated that sla-
very can go into the Territories and be established
there by virtue of that decision. It says that
hereafter, when that decision shall have been
made, they, as law-abiding citizens, are bound to
acquiesce in it; and they will acquiesce in it, if it
be made, let the consequences be what they may.
Wc in/Ohio have made our fight for the independ-
ence of the judiciary. We believe in its sanc-
tity. We do not smite down men for interpreting
the law according to their sense of judicial duty.
We will stand by the courts in their decisions on
this and on every other question. I wish to say,
sir, when gentlemen talk about a northern and a
southern Democracy, that there is no such distinc-
tion, any more than there is a pro-slavery or an
anti-slavery Democracy. Men North and South
have their own differences on this subject-, but on
one thing, the Democratic party North and South
do agree; and that is, that wc will come together
every four years as wo expect to come together
at Charleston; and if these differences are prac-
tical, are essential, and cannot be reconciled in any
other way, we will submit them to the arbitrament
of the national convention, and go on and do ser-
vice upon the platform of principles there to be
inaugurated.
Mr. COVODE and Mr. McCLERNAND each
sought the floor.
Mr. COX. I will yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. McCleiikand.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will not detain the
House two minutes.
Mr. HINDMAN. i am anxious that these
gentlemen should define their positions. I would
prefer that each should define his position sep-
arately, but I am ready to yield to all. I am will-
ing to vicld to all the Democrats from the North-
west.
Mr. SMITIi, of Virginia. Is it in order to
move to adjourn? If so, I submit that motion.
[Cries of "'No "No'"]
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Illinois says
he will occupy the time of the House but for a
few minutes.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I have no objection to the gentleman from Arkan-
sas yielding the floor to the gentleman from Illi-
nois by the consent of the House; but I do insist
on the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] conclud-
inghis remarks. He refused to yield the floor to
me when I wanted to put him right. Now, let
him get through,and then I have no objection to
the gentleman from Illinois occupying the floor.
Mr. COX. I will not detain the House much
33
longer. I rose, not so much for the purpose of
making any remarks, as to have the Ohio platform
read as an answer to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Carter.] But I did not intend to have
it go out, as it does go out every day from here by
the misrepresentations of the Republicans, that
northern Democrats sit here under the control of
southern men, under the lash of southern Demo-
crats, and dare not speak their honest sentiments,
or the honest sentiments of their people upon
these subjects. Air. Clerk, we stand here on this
question as independent as any southern delega-
tion. We are dependent, in many regards, upon
our southern brethren. We are closely allied to
them in principle and policy. Bat, upon this
question—and I say it with no feeling of hostility
to our southern brethren, but in aspiritofkindly
fraternity—we have views of our own, and we
daie avow them under any circumstances, and at
all times and places.
I wish simply to add, in conclusion, that any
gentleman who will examine these resolutions,
, and examine them carefully in detail, will see that
I they present no insuperable objections to Dem-
| ocrats, North and South, harmoniously coming
j together at Charleston upon a common platfprm.
I And let sectionalism remember that, when we
! adopt that platform, there will be represented the
Democracy of every single congressional district
ixi the United States of America, North and South.
This body of men will be our tribunal of the high-
est resort. From it there is no appeal. In its
decision 1 hope there will be no error. The third
State of the Confederacy, Ohio, will be there with
a delegation of rare ability and reputation, and
with their views on all questions of national con-
cern matured, fixed, and unanimous. With all
the cogency of reason and the urgency of patnot-
ism, they will strive earnestly and honorably to
give their views an unambiguous expression in
our next national platform. But whatever may
be thatexpression, and whoever may bo our nom-
inee for President, the Ohio Democracy will give
to the only national party its whole-hearted sup-
port.
Mr. McCLERNAND. With the permission
of my friend from Arkansas, I will make a few
remarks.
Mr. HINDMAN. I yield to th<> gentlbman
from Illinois for the purpose he has mentioned.
I yield temporarily.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am aware that it can-
not concern this House or the country but very
little, if any, what may be my opinion upon the
question of slavery in the Teiritories under the
Constitution; yet, as I am included m the call
made by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Carter] to answer upon this question, I will
briefly do so; notthatl recognise Ins right to make
such a call, or that I sympathize in the spirit of
hostility to the Democratic party in which it was
made. I answer, sir, simply because T choose to
do so.
I am aware, sir, that there are some differences
of opinion between Demoeiats, particularly be-
tween northern and southern Democrats, upon this
question. But these differences arc rather abstract
man practical, and should not be allowed at this
time to divide and distract the energies of the
Democratic paity. They should not be allowed
to divide us in the facc of an eager and embattled
foe, whose battering rams are now playing with
ruinous effect upon the temple of our liberties—
upon the Constitution itself. These differences,
whatever they may be, should be settled within
and by the Democratic party, and that, too, m a
spirit of forbearance and conciliation. And I wish
to inculcate this truth, this high and imperious
duty, with the fullest force upon all Democrats.
Slavery, as a subject of agitation in Congress,
has been productive of infinite mischief and no
good. Both ihe free States and the slnv" States
have been injured by it; nor has slavery, m any
instance, been either extended or restrained by
congressional legislation. I speak in rcspect to
slavery in the Territories. A higher law than
any law to be passed by Congress must and will
control this question—the law of geography, cli-
mate, and soil; the law of self-interest which un-
derlies and controls every community. I might
cite the history of the country in support of this
assertion; but I will not stop to do so now.
In rcspect to slavery in the States and Territo-
ries, I stand upon the principle of non-interference
by Congress upon the subject. I stand upon the
same principle, in that connection, affirmed by
the national Democracy in convention assembled
at Cincinnati in 1856. And while I would not
have Congress to legislate slavery into any State
or Territory, nor to exclude it therefrom, I would,
in the language of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
" leave the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States." And when I say this, I include
slavery as an institution coming within the mean-
ing of domestic institutions.
Now, while this is my position, I admit that
the power of a Territorial Legislature to prohibit
slavery within the limits of the Territory is a judi-
cial question to be decided by the Supreme Court,
and not a political question to be decided by any
party or party platform. And I will add that if,
when this question comes properly before the
Supreme Court, and that tribunal should decide
against the power, I, for one, will acquiesce in
the decision and obey it. But if, on the other
hand, the decision should be in favor of the power,
I shall expect that Democrats differing from me
on this queston will, on their part, acquiesce in
and obey such decision. ["Yes!" "Yes!"was
answered by several members on the Democratic
side.]
To show, Mr. Clerk, that the opinion I have
expressed upon this question accords with .the
sentiments of the Illinois Democracy, I read the
following resolutions, which were aaopted by the
Democratic State convention, held on the 4th in-
stant, at Springfield:
" 1. That all questions pcitaining to African slavery in.the
Territories shall be forever banished from the H;UIs of Con-
gress.
"'2. That the people of the Territories respectively shall
be left perfectly free to make just such laws and regulations
m lespectto slavery, and alt other mattcrsof local concern,
as they may dotcimino for themselves, subject to no other
limitations or restriction** than those imposed by the Con-
stitution of the United States." *****
•'That whenever Congress, or the Legislature of anj State
or Territory, shall make any enactment, or do any act which
attempts to divest, impair, or prejudice any right which the
owner of slaves or any other f-peeies of property may have
oi claim in any Territory, or elsewhere, by virtue of the
Constitution or otherwise, and the party aggrieved shall
bring his ca^e before the Supreme Court of the United
States, the Democracy of Illinois, as in duty bound by their
obligations of fidelity to the Constitution, will cheerfully and
faithfully respect and abide, by the decision, and use all law-
ful means to aid in giving it full eli'ect according to its true
intent and meaning."
These resolutions affirm the doctrinc held by the
Illinois Democracy upon the mooted questions to
which they relate. 1 stand upon them and by
them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
allow the rest of the resolutions to be read?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Certainly. My col-
league can have them read, if he chooses to do so.
Mr. IiOLMAN. While I protest against the
practice which seems to be indulged in of putting
questions not only to individuals, but to whole
sections in this House, yet, sir, I am at all times
ready to give my individual sentiments and the
sentiments entertained by my constituency, in
reference to the great questions which now agi-
tate this Congress. During the last week, the
Democratic party of the State of Indiana held a
convention and adopted a series of resolutions,
which, I think I am authorized to say, express
the views of the entire Democracy of that State.
I ask that some of them be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
u Reiohcd, That the histoiy of the past fully .attests .the
eonectnets and wisdom of the adoption by the American
Democracy ot the principles contained in the organic laws
establishing the Teuitones of Kansas and Nebraska as em-
bodying the only &afe and sound solution of the slavery
que->tion upon which tiie great national idea of the people
of the whole country can repose in Its determined con-
