1860.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
91
36th Cokg....1st Sess.
Invasion of States—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
should be peace, which mav be had, if you will suffer the
Gieetans to be. governed by their own laws,' the-Athenians
called an assembly, and propounding thoir opinions? amongst
themselves, thought good, after they had debated the mat-
ter, to give them an answer once tor all. And many stood
forth and delivered their minds on either side, some for the
war, and some that this act concerning the Megareans
ought not to stand in their way to peace, but to be aluo-
gated; and Pericles, the son of Xantippus, the principal
man at that tune of all Athens, and most sufficient both for
speech and action, gave his advice 111 such manner as fol-
io weth."—Hobbes's Thucydulcs, page 69.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is the narrative of Thu-
cydides, giving the causes of the Peloponne&ian
war. The Megareans had given refuge to the re-
volted slaves of Athens. She was in alliance with
Sparta. Sparta sent her embassadors to Athens,
and told her to withdraw that decree. Athens
had forbidden trade and commerce with her until
she gave up those slaves. Finally, the Lacede-
monians said, if you will .withdraw your dccree
against the Megareans, in "tjie matter of the fugi-
tive slaves, we shall havcpK-l^e* The matter was
debated. Some then said iTMts a small matter;
we will give it up. Pericles addressed the peo-
ple: and I call your attention to a few words of
his, announcing a principle which deserves the
immortality it has won:
" Now, let none o( you conceive that we shall go to war
for a trifle, by not abrogating the act concerning Megara,
(yet this, by tliein, is pretended most* and that, tor the ab-
rogation of it, the war blind stay ;) nor retain a scruple in
your minds, a« li a small matter moved you to the war; for
even this small matter contained the trial and constancy of
your resolution ; wherein, il* you give them way, you shall
hereafter be commanded a greater matter, as men that fear
will obey them likewise in that. But by a stiff denial, you^
shall teach them plainly to come to you hereafter on terms'
of more equality. Resolve, therefore, from this occasion, '
either to yield them obediencc before you receive damage,
or, if we mu*t have war, {which, tot *my pint, I think, is
best.) he the pietense weighty or light, not to «ivij way noi
keep what we possess in f<-:ir Foi ;i gi cat and a little claim,
imposed by equals upon their ncuihbois, before judgment,
bv way of command, hath one and tiie same vntue to make
oiibjcct.'"—Ibid, page 70.
The Greeks, too, under their league, had an
arbiter to whom this class of disputes might be
referred. This noble old Greek saw the impor-
tance of a principle; some of his countrymen
thought it too small an affair to lead to war; but
his sound and eloquent argument was listened to,
and affirmed m the assembly of the people, and
his policy was adopted. Tfio Athenians greatly
and wisely determined to vindicate this principle,
and go to war rather than surrender it. That war
brought unnumbered woes on nil Greece. Even
if I had full knowledge that the same Kcsult would
happen to my country, I would repeat Pericles's
advice to my eoantrymun. if Grecian liberty has
slept in the tomb of twenty centuries, it slept with-
out dishonor; if it perished, it did not perish inglo-
riously.
Sir,"I will concludc this branch of the subject
by reading an extract from a speech of one of bur
own great lights, which has but recently gone out;
a man to whom the high honor of being* thegreaj,
expounder of the Constitution was assigned by a
large portion of the intellect and patriotism of his
generation; a man whose fidelity to the Constitu-
tion of his country lost him the confidence of New
England. I need not say I mean the late Daniel
Webster. In his speech of the 28th of June, 1851,
at Capon Springs, Virginia, Mr. Webster said:
" I do not hesitate to say and repeat that, if the noithern
States refuse wiiihillv and deliberately to carry into cflcct
that part ol the Constitution which respects theiestoralion
of fugitive slave*, the rfouth would no longer be bound to
obseivc the compact. A bargain broken on one bide, is
broken on all sides."
I say the bargain is broken—broken by the
States whose policy I have reviewed; broken by
the Republican party, who did the work in their
.Legislatures and elsewhere. Their hands are soiled
with the blood of the compact; they cannot be per-
mitted to administer at its altars. 1 know not that
it was even necessary to prove this point of the
case. I doubt much whether the members of that
party will deny the fact that it is their fixed policy
never to carry out, in good faith, this part of the
bargain. I uoubt if there be five, out of all the
members of the Republican party on this floor,
who will stand up here to-day and say they are
willing, either by State or Federal legislation, or
in any other manner, to uphold and comply with
this provision of the Constitution. I do not be-
lieve there are enough to meet God's final requi-
sition to save Sodom. No,sir; they mockatcon-
stitutional obligations, jeer at oaths. They have
lost their shame with their virtue, and no longer
feel humiliated at the commission of these great
crimes. I leave this point with a demand forthe
compact. In the name of the people whom I rep-
resent, 1 demand the bond. In the name of every
true and honest man in the North, as well as the
South,! demand the redemption of your plighted
faith.
I come, now, to the second point. These Black
Republicans say they are opposed to the extension
of slavery, and they seem to wish it mostly on
account of their rcvcrence for the " fathers of the
Republic." Those Hartford convention Federal-
ists hypocritically pretended great reverence for
Washington, Jefferson, and Madison. They
stoned the prophets when they were alive, and
ciaim salvation through them when dead. This
has happened before. It is true, that many of the
leading men in the Revolution from the South were
opposed to slavery. 1 think one of the objections
which Luther Martin, a delegate to the constitu-
tional convention from Maryland, urged against
the adoption of the Federal Constitution, was, that
it tolerated the slave trade, and, perhaps, that it did
not give the power to Congress to abolish slaveiy.
But that is evidence of what the Constitution really
was, a pro-slavery fundamental law. Washing-
ton, Jefferson, and Madison all expressed opin-
ions against slavery, but none of them ever pre-
tended that the Constitution, in any way whatever,
or in any degree whatever, provided either for re-
straining, limiting, or abolishing it. All three of
them lived and died slaveholders. It is true, that
Washington emancipated his slaves when he died.
That is no uncommon event in the South; indeed
it became so common that my own State, and
the southern States generally, were compelled to
restrain or prohibit this right.
Such is the relation between master and slave,
that it is a common feeling with slaveholders not
to permit their .slaves to belong even to collaterals
of their own families. Even when a slaveholder
like Washington has no dircct descendants, the
law, in conformity to public policy, forbids or
controls this strong tendency to emancipate. For
forty years Georgia has had to interpose by law
to check this feeling, and prevent the Common-
wealth being overrun by a free negro population.
These fraudulent pretenders to the principles of
these patriots have seized upon the personal opin-
ions of these patriots, and attempt to ingraft them
on the policy of the Republic, in direct violation
of the Constitution. Washington, having no
direct descendants, emancipated his slaves; left
them that tK heritage of woe;" and the result has
been, nearly the whole of them are extinct, and
the survivors are a curse to themselves and the
communities among which they arc cast. Jeffer-
son died a slaveholder, and left his slaves to his
heirs and creditors. Madison died a slaveholder,
and left his slaves to his widow and other persons.
Washington, by no word or act of his life, coun-
tenanced the dogma that the Constitution of the
United States gave the least authority to the Fed-
eral Government to limit, or restrain, or abolish
slavery. John Adams in 1798, extended the
ordinance of 1787 over all the territory owned by
the United States by virtue of the war of inde-
pendence, expressly excluding the anti-slavery
clause of that ordinance. Docs New England
repudiate her own fathers? If she does, lecher
not slander mine.
Jefferson acquired a slave territory larger than
all the rest of the Union put together. He bought
this slavti territory, protected it, nurtured it, ex-
tended slavery over it, by protecting all slave-
holders in any of the then existing States in emi-
grating to and settling in it. Under his policy
Louisiana came into the Union; Missouri was
trained for admission; and when she was prepared
for it, Mr. Jefferson had retired to Monticello, But
the voice of northern Federalism reached his re-
treat; and he sternly rebuked the evil spirit which
he had quelh-d during his administration, but
which again dared to raise its treasonable crest.
Jefferson was alive when the eighth section of
the act of 1820 was before the American Con-
gress. He spoke for himself. In the face of your
constant declarations—cold, calculating, willful
misrepresentations of him—hear lum speak for
himself. 1 thunder it in your ears. I would to
God my voice could reach those whom you de-
ceive and betray.
In his letter to John Holmes, of Maine, dated
29th April, 1820, Mr. Jefferson strongly con-
demned both the geographical line and the attempt
to prevent4 4 the diffusion of slavery over a greater
surface;" and adds:
"An abstinence, too, from this act of power would re-
move the jealousy excited by the undertaking of Congress
to regulate the condition of the different descriptions of men
composing a State, This certainly is the exclusive right of
every State, which nothing in the Constitution has taken
fioni them and given to the General Government. Could
( oneresc, for example, say that the non-freemen of Con-
necticut should be freemen, and that they shall not crai-
giate into any other State?"
This was his argument in favor of extension.
He then goes on to denounce the restrictionists of
his day as political suicides, and traitors "against
the hopes of the world." Such were the opin-
ions entertained by the author of the ordinance of
1787, of the Missouri restriction of 1820.
Again, Mr. Jefferson, in a letter to Mr. Mad-
ison, says:
<kJam indebted to you for \ our two letters of February
7 and li). This Missouri question, by a geographical line of
division, is the most portentous one i have ever contem-
plated." * r * '* [Generally understood to
be Itufus King] " is ready to risk the Union for any chance
of lestoring his paity to power, and wriggling himself to the
head of it; nor is" * " without his
hopes, nor scrupulous as to the means of fulfilling them."
Mr. Madison also, in a letter to Mr. Monroe,
in 1820, says:
" On one side it naturally occurs, that the right, being
given from the necessity of the case, and in suspension of
the great pnnciple of telf-government, ought not to be ex-
tended I'm ther, nor continued longer than the occasion might
fanly rcquiie."
Mr. Madison says further:
<k The questions to be decided seem to be—
u I. Whether n tcmiorial icstiiction be an assumption
of illegitimate power; or
u *2 A misuse of legitimate power; and, if the latter only,
whether the injury threatened to the nation from an acqui-
escence in the mifeu*e, or trom a frustration of it, be the
greater.
" On the fii^t point,there is certainlyroom fordifference
of opinion; though, lor myself, I must own that I have al-
ways leaned to the belief that the restriction tvas not within
the true scope of the Constitution.*3
There are Jefferson's and Madison's denuncia-
tion of congressional prohibition—the identical
question; and these men have the audacity to stand
before the civilized world, even in the assemblies
of their countrymen, where at least there ought to
be some intelligence, and say their principles are
in conformity to the policy of the early fathers.
The audacity of mendacity can be carried no
further.
I have already shown you the practices of Jef-
ferson. Mr. Madison's were in perfect harmony
with those of his friend Jefferson. Perhaps no
man of the Revolution knew as well the whole
scope, intent, and moaning of the Constitution, as
Mr. Madison. He is often called its father. Yet
this bastard tribe of Abolitionists, with unmis-
takable natural marks of their own paternity, dare
to call him one of their fathers! Mr. MLadison
bore express testimony to the dircct fact that this
principle of the party is against the Constitution
of their country. Sirs, if you will continue your
mad career, if you arc determined to ruin your
country, 1 would even invoke you to spare the
honest memories of the illustrious dead You
can no longer deceive any man by your slanders
upon these patriots; the falsity of your accusa-
tion against them is known to all of you; have
at least reverence enough to cease to utter it. If
you respect the fathers of the Republic, imitate
their example and policy. These fathers required,
in the treaty which acknowledged their independ-
ence, that England should not carry off slaves or
other property. Unite with us to make England
break up heracn of thieves m Canada: that would
be imitating the example of the fathers. The
fathers even of New England voted to continue
the slave trade for twenty years. They got some-
thing or nothing for it: if something, pay it; if
nothing, stand for their honor. We did not bring
them m either with the idea that you would cither
steal them or confiscate them. Was that your
understanding of the bargain? The fathers said
they would suppress insurrections. We do not
think the events at Harper's Ferry are in strict
conformity with that understanding.
But, sir, for every abolition enormity the Black
