92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
*36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Invasion of States—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
Republicans have a stereotyped plea, either in
mitigation or in bar. They tell, upon the hap-
pening of every new outrage, every time they vio-
late the compact, every time a new underground
railroad company is started, every time any new
outrage is perpetra£cd upon us, or a new raid con-
ceived or accomplished, that oil this comes of the
repeal of the Missouri restriction; that was the
Pandora's box which opened afresh this slavery
agitation. "Well, grant it: what was that act of
atrocity which is pleaded in release of all consti-
tutional obligations, in excuse for treason, mur-
der, and arson ? It was this: the Congress of the
United States, by the concurrence of the legisla-
tive and executive departments of the Govern-
ment, repealed the eighth section of the act of
1830, which prohibited slavery in all territories
of the United States acquired from France, lying
north of 36° 30' north latitude, and outside of
Missouri, commonly called the Missouri restric-
tion. This pretended law, which we repealed,
has been decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States to have been nuM, void, and no late.
"We said that it was not law; the Supreme Court
said it was not law, but a usurpation of power by
Congress. This was not only our judgment, but
thejudgmentofthe highest judicial tribunal of our
country. They decided that it was unconstitu-
tional to put it on the statute-book, and therefore
unconstitutional to keep it there; then, because
wewould notletanunconstitutional actstainany
page on the statute-book, we have the curses of
the Republican party and their base allies. " The
head and front of our offending hath this extent,
no more." This is our unpardonable sin. Ifour
fidelity to the Constitution which we had sworn
to support is the charge against us, we plead guilty
to it.
I am not surprised that the support of the Con-
stitution should be adjudged a crime by this co-
alition—with such a brand upon them, they ask
us to submit to their rule if they have a majority;
they are kind enough to ask us, " let, us be broth-
ers or we will cut your throats; that is, if we can
get your negroes to do it." They place great re-
liance on this arm of the Black Republican phal-
anx. When they get ready for. this brotherly
work, in the name and behalf of my constituent#
I extend to them a cordial invitation to come down
to see us. Rut it is due to candor to say that
their reputation needs some building up among
my constituents; we do not think those men the
most dangerous who arc the most faithless to then-
compacts; and, in very truth, w« have but small
fear of men, even as leaders of untold millions,
who have not manhood enough to maintain and
defend their own honors. We are charged with
raising in our demands upon the Government, of
asserting new and unheard-of doctrines in relation
to our rights in the Territories. The charge is
equally baseless with all the rest that have been
made by our adversaries. 1 stand to-day, on the
territorial question, where 1 stood in JctfO. I ask
my colleague to read the extracts which I have
marked from a speech delivered by me in the
House of Representatives on the 27th February,
1850.
Mr. IVERSON read, as follows:
"Though hostile interference is the point of icsistance,
non-inttirforenco is riot the m<- a«ure of our righto. We are
entitled to non-interference from alien and foieign Govern-
ments. England owes us that much; France ovvrs that
much; Russia owes uo nou-intcm-ntion. You owe us
more. You owe us protection. Withhold it, and you
make us alien* m our own Government. Our hostility to
it, then, becomes a necessity—a necessity justified by our
honor, our Interests, and our common safety.''—Jlppendix
to Concessional Globe, session y Thirty-First Congress,
page 201.
" We only a.>k that our common Government shall pro-
tect u< both equally, until the Tciritoncs shall he ready to
be admitted, as States, mto the Union, then to leave'thc
citizens free to adopt any domestic policy in reference to
this subject, which, in their judgment, may best promote
their interest and their happiness. The demand is just.
Grant it, and you phicc your prosperity and otus upon a
solid foundation; you perpetuate the Union, so ueecrwaiy
to your prosperity; yon solve the true problem of repub-
lican Government; you vindicate the power of constitu-
tional guarantees to protect political rights against the will
of majorities-.'"
Mr. TOOMBS. Ton years' experience has
not altered or modified these opinions. I stand
to-day where 1 did then. I have no advance, no
retreat to make from this ground. It was, in my
judgment, right then; it is right to-day and for-
ever; it is equality and justice planted in the com-
pact of Union, tlpon these terms 1 have ever
been willing to let the Union stand, but upon no
other. The FederalGovernment is nowdischarg-
ing its duty on this territorial question; if upon sub-
ordinate questions we should disagree', I agreed,
and now agree, to let the judicial tribunals decide
between me and my friends. I agreed, in the act
of 1854, to abide that decision; I shall continue
faithful to that obligation to the end. If the Re-
publican party had power in the Government, how
could they carry out their own principles in the
Territories? The Supreme Court have already
decided that congressional prohibition of slavery
in the Territories is unconstitutional, and therefore
n ull and void. Therefore, if they were again to pass
such an unconstitutional law, they must ao it
against this decision. They can only succeed i%
their policy by subverting that tribunal. Hence
I have established my second proposition, that
this party not only seeks power to violate one of
the fundamental principles of the Constitution,
but in order to deprive the slaveholding States of
their just and equal rights in the Territories, have
conspired to reach their base ends by subverting
the judiciary of our country. It is the only road
to their avowed ends. They stand, then, convicted
of the second specification against them.
My third charge against this Black Republican
organization is, thatgreatnumbers of persons be-
longing to it, both in office'and out of office, are
daily perpetrating offenses against these confed-
erate States, which even among independent na-
tions afford just and sufficient cause for public
war. It is clear that the peace of the country can-
not long be maintained under such astatc of tilings.
The people of no independent State have the right
to attempt, by word or deed, to injure or destroy
the Government or people of any other country,
nor in any manner whatever to disturb their tran-
quillity, or weaken their security. These of them-
selves are good and sufficient causes of war among
nations; but these people have gone further. They
daily attempt, bywords and*" deeds, by counsel
and pecuniary means, by the shelter and protec-
tion which they give, by law and without law, the
activc participants in their schemes, to cxe.ito ser-
vile and civil war in the sduvoholding States, and to
subvert their institutions, to devastate the land by
fire and swoid. It is not necessary to read author-
ity to sustain my position even as to the least
criminal of these acts. The laws of nations, as
well as the Divine law, write these principles in-
delibly upon the hearts and consciences of all good
men. All the eminent publicists of the world
maintain them. Black Republican Governors of
the northern States annually denounce our insti-
tutions, and advise measures to subvert them.
Black Republican Legislatures are notonly daily
pouring out their denunciations, too, against us,
nut are constantly contriving fraudulentand violent
legislative enactments to defeat us of our rights,
and protect those of their own citizens who arc
engaged in stealing ourproperty. Their Senators
and Representatives even m the national councils
are daily libeling and insulting their confederates,
claiming immunity for such acts under the Con-
stitution which they have broken. Many of their
speeches arc calculated and intended to excite ser-
vile war. Besides this, at least one Senator and
sixty-eight Representatives of one House of the
natignal Legislature have recommended a publica-
tion thatadvisestheoverthrowof ourGovernment
by force. One of these criminals is now supported
support of linn approved by
same party in this House. I say criminals; not one
of these men can pass over the Potomac river and
carry out his own recommendation without find-
ing himself at least in the State prison; and they
would fare even worse under the laws of Georgia.
The pulpit, the press, and the lecture-room, join in
this crusaide against the people of the South, and
counsel the adoption of all means to harrass, en-
danger, and destroy us. These are truths seen
and known of all men. Is this peace? If it is,
I prefer war.
By whom are these things done? Who is re-
sponsible for them ? The Republicans say we are
not responsible, as a party, for them. Many of
them are done by the paity itself. For those of
their crimes against society and the laws which
bind civilized States together, which arc committed
by individual members of that party, or even by
considerable numbers of them, 1 admit it requires
further evidence to hold them responsible. I ad-
mit that even a State is not bound necessarily for
the lawless acts of its citizens. Neither is apolit-
ical party The latter organization cannot ask to
be put on a higher basis than an independent State.
If the State does not punish the aggressors, or de-
liver them over to the aggrieved party to be pun-
ished, then she is bound for such acts. So if a
political party approves of such acts of her mem-
bers, even does not condemn them, she is justly
held responsible for them.
Vattell lays down the law of nations in such
cases to be this:
" But, if a nation or itsclue^ approves and ratifies the act
of the individual, it then heroines a public concern; and
the injured party is to conslper the nation as the real author
of the injury, of which tlayyjizen was perhaps only the in-
stiUVnent."
I apply the same principle to the Republican
party. Do they not support their Governors and
Legislature, their preachers, their lecturers, and
their press, through which instrumentalities all
these things arc done'? Are not the sixty-eight
members in the House of Representatives among
them and of them? Do they not support John
Sherman as Speaker of the House? If these
things arc true, then the Republican party are re-
sponsible for all these wrongs and crimes against
iuj. Take away those who commit these crimes
pm them, and there is nothing left of the party.
/ Who is responsible for the treason, murder,
and arson of John Brown? I have never known
of his acts being approved, defended, or palliated
by any other person than a Republican. Thou-
sands of them have done it, and arc now doing
it. In marshaling* this dark catalogue of crimes
against this organization, I would not be unjust
to it. I have no doubt that thousands of per-
sons belonging to their organization throughout
the North loathe and despise this John Brown
raid as much as the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Vessenden] does slavery; but it is equally true,
that there are other thousands in the same organ-
ization who do approve it. They tell us they
condemn his acts, but admire his heroism. I think
the Republican party must be pressed for a hero.
Newgate calendar can furnish them with any num-
ber of such saints. To " die game" and not " to
peach" arc sometimes useful, if not heroic vir-
tues in an accomplice. The thousands of Black
Republicans who do openly approve the treason,
murder, and arson of John Brown, get no con-
demnation from their party for such acts. They
are its main defenders and propagandists all over
the North, and therefore the party is m moral com-
plicity with the criminal himself. No society can
long exist in peace under these injuries; hence,
we are in virtual civil war; hence, I denounce their
authors, the Republican party, as enemies of the
Constitution and enemies of my country, and I
shall treat them as such.
It is in vain, in face of these injuries, to talk of
peace, fraternity, and a common country. There
is no peace; there is no fraternity; there is no com-
mon country. I and you and all of us know it.
My country is not common to the men who coun-
sel the overthrow of her system by social and
servile war and ail of its attendant horrors, and I
tiust never will be. Sixty-eight members of Con-
gress and one Senator, at least, have indorsed
these sentiments as contained in the Helper book.
One of their number is now a candidate for the
thhd office under our Government: and I do not
know of a Republican m the United States, in
Congress or out of it, who does not support him.
He could not travel in a single slaveholding State,
from this to Mexico, with whose laws I am ac-
quainted, in which he would not subject himself
to punishment as a felon, if he dared to carry out
his own recommendations. With all these facts,
I submit it to the judgment of the Senate, the
country, and the civilized world, if, according to
the public law of all civilized nations, we have
not just cause of war against our confederates? I
further submit, that our duty and our security
require us to accept it speedily, unless we can get
redress through the operation of the Government,
or of the States of whose citizens we complain.
