1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
fullest extent my construction of the Constitu-
tion. He admits to the fullest extent that there
is no such community as the American people.
He admits that we are citizens of the different
States; and that this Government is a landholder
for the benefit of the particular State's whose agent
it is. He admits that the Government is to deal
with that land as a trustee for the benefit of the
cestui que trusts. If that be true 
.Mr. PUGH. Did the Senator understand me
to acknowledge his idea that the Federal Govern-
ment merely held the public lands in trust for the
States, as so many corporations, to realize for the
States as much money as possible out of them?
Mr. WIGFALL. No, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I said the trust of the Federal
Government was so to administer the public do-
main as that while we derive revenue from it to
some extent, it should also be open to cultivation
and settlement with a view to the admission of
new States into the Union. That was the trust—
no trust for the States themselves.
Mr.WIGFALL. J understood the Senator sub-
sequently to quality the statement or admission,
ana add to it that, in addition to being a landholder
for the benefit of the cestui que trusts, it had another
purpose to perform; and that was, to induce set-
tlement for the purpose of forming new States.
These were the qualifications that he made. Now,
sir, it is possible that the Senator, before we get
through with this debate, may persuade me that
I cannot vote for any donations to railroads. I
hope that I shSll be able to persuade him that he
cannot vote for a homestead bill. We shall then
reverse the story of the two Yankees who were
locked up in a room together, and made twenty-
five dollars out of each other by swopping coats.
[Laughter.] We shall lose—1 my railroad bill
and lie his homestead—by the operation, and 1
shall be very well content to lose even the rail-
road, if thereby I can defeat this bill. I wanted,
in reply to the Senator's comments cm my own
consistency, to show, and I will now proceed to
do it directly, that land donations to railroad com-
panies and land donations to paupers are two
very distinct propositions.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator does not call this a
bill of donations to paupers. The only proposi-
tion I have heard of that sort is the one introduced
by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Clhjc-
man.] This is a proposition to donate to the act-
ual settler. He proposes to donate to the pauper.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President 
Mr. OLfNGMAN. I hope the Senator will
allow hie to say that the Senator from Ohio is
wholly mistaken. My proposition gives to every
citizen of the United States, whether he be pauper
or not, Ill's warrant, and I take it for granted that
it cannot be affirmed that every man in America
who is a citizen is a pauper.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator does not require
them to move on the land and settle it, and there-
fore I say his is a general division of the public
property.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is an equal division of
public property among all the owners. He pro-
poses to appropriate the public property to the
benefit of those who, having nothing to tie them
to homo, may choose to go and take'possession
of it. If either set are to be called paupers, I pre-
sume it is those men who have nothing to keep
them at home and who can afford to emigrate to
this property and use it.
Mr. WIGFALL. I intended to draw the at-
tention of the Senator from Ohio particularly to
some important differences between these two
propositions. In the first place, a donation to a
railroad company, with which company a con-
tract is made to transport not only arms and mu- i
nitions of war but naval and military supplies, !|
can be so framed as to perform a double purpose: 11
first, by inducing the building of the road, to in- h
crease the price of the alternate sections which are
left; and secondly, as a consideration for the ben-
efit which the company will derive from the alter-
nate sections which it receives, induce that com-
pany to undertake to carry the mails, munitions
of war, and naval and military supplies at a lower
rate than you could otherwise induce them to do;
thus using the public domain m payment of the
expenses of die transportation of the munitions
of war, of navai and military stores,and tlie mails.
Now, sir, if my bill is not framed with that ob-
ject; if the donation of land is too larger or if the
amount of money to be paid is too large, they
can both be diminished when the bill comes up
for passage and is under consideration by this
House.
I say, then, that there is nothing unconstitu-
tional in the idea, there is nothing objectionable in
the view which I take upon this subject, that the
land donation first operates no loss to the Govern-
ment; because, by reserving the alternate sections,
the increased price will remunerate the Govern-
ment for the section which i3 donated, and in the
next place, the land and money may be so grad-
uated together as to be considered as part payment
of the services to be rendered by the company.
.But can this homestead bill be in any manner so
framed as to produce these two results ? What is
it that the homestead settler is to do for the Gov-
ernment? That is what I want to hear. How is
the value of the Government land to be increased?
I ask the Senator's attention to that particular
point. I have read neither of these bills; but in
the discussion I have a general idea, and I judge
that I am not mistaken as to the general character
of them. One of them I have ne^er deemed it
necessary to consider—the House bill; the other,
supported by men of the Senator's character, I
have considered, and I have considered carefully.
I have not read it, but I have hoard it. That
proposes to give every alternate se'etion of one
hundred and sixty acres—thatis, the one fourth of
a mile square—to every man who will settle upon
the alternate section.
Mr. PUGH. The alternate quarter section. I
first proposed that; but the Senator from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Johnson,] who was more familiar with
settlements even than I am, suggested that it
would be an improvement to let four settlers come
together and make a neighborhood, and therefore
the bill was amended so as to say that particular
numbered sections should be open to settlement
under this bill, and not others. That leaves four
settlements on a section.
Mr. GREEN. Is that the House bill, or the
Senate amendment?
Mr. PUGH. It is the Senate amendment. I
think the odd numbered sections are subject to
this bill, and the even numbered sections where
ever they occur (and they will include section
sixteen, or the school section) will not be open
to settlement under it. They may be settled under
the preemption law.
Mr. WIGFALL. Very well. I will ask the
Senator from Ohio, what amount of land by the
bill is set aside so to be settled upon?
Mr. PUGf-I. None; because we put it upon
the ground that it is a policy for the colonization
of the public domain. Wherever that section oc-
curs, the settler may settle upon it.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will ask the Senator,
whether the surveyed or unsurveyed lands are
subject ?
Mr. PUGH. Only the surveyed lands which
have been offered at public sale and not purchased.
Mr. WIGFALL. Precisely so; that is just
what I judged. Then, Mr. President, the prop-
osition is, that this Government shall incur the
expense of surveying the public domain. In the
first place, the Federal Government has incurred
the expense of purchasing, either with blood or
money, the public domain; and it is not the blood
that I complain of, but the money that we have
paid for the blood. It is the pork and bread and
the eight dollars a month that have been taken out
of the Treasury to keep an Army in the field to
conquer this territory; and then afterwards tjie
money that is taken from the public Treasury to
consummate treaties by which this public domain
has been acquired. JNow, sir, the public domain
having been acquired and paid for by the Gov-
ernment at a rate which I have made no calcu-
lation of, but I judge not less really,.if you take
all matters into consideration, than one dollar an
acre, without the expenses of survey, and of the
land if it is—that is an estimate I have seen 
Mr..PUGH. I think, if the Senator will par-
don me—the Senator from Tennessee can correct
me—there was an estimate made by the Secretary
of the Interior underMr. Fillmore's Administra-
tion, that the price then received for the public |
land had more than paid for all that had ever been i
expended. - j
Mr. WIGFALL. This land is then to be sur- |
veyed and this expense to be continued and kgpt j
up, and these parties are to settle upon it, and yet !
it is no donation ! Oh no I Of course not! A man
goes and settles on the public domain, gets pos-
session of it, keeps possession of it, the fee passes
from the Government to him; but it is no donation,
because he can only settle on every alternate sec-
tion ! Who is going to settle on the other alter-
nate section and pay for it ? I ask the Senator not
to deceive himself, or suppose that others are to
be deceived. I am satisfied that the wish has been
father to the thought. I know that the Senator
would not attempt to use an argument here which
he himself did not believe was legitimate; that lie
would not attempt to palm off sophisms on a body
of the respectability and that has the amount of
brains that this body has; but I ask him seriously
how is it that this Government is not making a
donation—when and where he expects ever to sell
another acre of land as long as parties can go and
settle on every alternate quarter "section ?
Mr. PUGH. The Senator seems to suppose
that the mere giving of one hundred and sixty
acres, upon condition of settlement for five years,
will exclude every other sort of purchase. Tho
Secretary of the Interior lias told ua, and I ad-
verted to the statement many times, that in a large
number of cases the settler prefers to' pay $1 25
an acre rather than to be compelled to remain on
the same land for the whole period of five years;
and the operation of the law in Oregon, and every
other place where it has been applied, shows that
granting apart as a donation has in no case inter-
fered with the sale. It has not diminished tha
revenue in any shape.
Mr. WIGFALL. That is all very clear—that
a man who can go and settle on one hundred and
sixty acres of land—a man who is going to be a
bona fide settler—would rather pay §1 25 than
have it for nothing. I am entirely satisfied with
the argument.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir. I say in some cases.
You settle the odd numbered sections by actual
settlers under the homestead bill. The alternate
section—the even numbered section—is in mar-
ket, liable to sale at private entry.
Mr. WIGFALL. I so understand.
Mr. PUGH. Then the same parties, if they
choose, or are able, or other parties, may enter
that section, and will enter it; and in many cases
where the settler is offered a large advance for his
property, he would rather come forward and pay
§1 25, and get a preemption right, in order that
lie may sell. That is the motive for them, in
many cases, to have titles at once, at the price of
25, rather than be compelled to remain five
years; because they have an offer to'sell the land
to some person at an advance.
Mr. WIGFALL. I am entirely satisfied.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me one
moment? I should like to know how this can be
called properly a homestead bill, when, after five
years, the land granted is subject to the State
laws, and not the United States law ? It is"to be
subject to execution, under the law of the State,
the moment the title is vested; and to call it a
homestead bill before tho State assents to it, and
when the title divests, is a contradiction.
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator from Ohio does
not reply, and I will goon. That I judge the
Senator from Tennessee and the Senator from
Ohio will admit to be a misnomer. I state that I
am satisfied with the argument of the Senator
from Ohio; but I happen not to believe that the
class of population who are going to move into
thepublic domain upon an inducement of one hun-
dred and sixty acres, are going to abandon their
settlement and pay for another one hundred and
sixty acres. I just happen notto believe it. And
then, again, I do not think that those who have
originated this matter apprehend that such will
be the result. I do not understand the.Senator to
say that. I was going toexplain thatthiscould not
come under the rule which was laid down by the
Senator himself, that the Government had not the
power to give away the land, unless, by giving it
away, the Government increased the price of the
land which remained. I take the position, that
by this homestead bill, by giving one hundred
and sixty acres of land to every one who will
settle upon it and remain upon it for five years,
you stop at once the sale of the public lands. Such
is my judgment.
Mr. GIIEEN. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr.WIGFALL. Yes. sir.
