514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
fc^rvausrii of the Union—non-interference; by Congress with
slavery in £tate or Territory, or m the District oi Columbia.
*' Resolved, That it i* the deliberate opinion of this con-
vention that the subject of slavery has been too long min-
gled with party politics ; and ;w the result has been the cre-
ation of scetionai paities, contrary to the advice, letter,and
spirit of the Faieweil Addresser the father of our common
country; that therefore it is the duty of every citizen. North
and South, East and West, to discountenance all patties
and organizations that thus violate the &pint of the Consti-
tution and the advice ot Washington.
" Resolved, That we protest against and denounce as con-
trary to the plighted faith on which the Constitution of our
country was established, all acts, or inflammatory appeals,
Which intend or tend to make th^ Union less perfect, or to
jeopard or disturb its domestic tranquillity, or to mar the
spirit of harmony, compromise, and concession,upon which
the Union was touned by our fathers.
'< Resolved, That we regard the i octint outrage at Harper's
Ferry as a crime, not only against the State of Virginia, but
against the Union itself; and wc herebj reprobate and de-
nounce the crime and the treason.
" Jlesoloed, That we accept the decisions of the Supieme
Court of the United States as the best evidence of the Hue
meaning of the Constitution, and will lespect and main-
tain them with the fidelity we owe to the Constitution it-
self.
"Resolved, That, adheung to and being determined to
stand by the well-considered deelaiation of principles eon-
tamed m tin* Cincinnati platfoun, as expounded by Piesi-
dent Buchanan in lus letter of acceptance, we affirm that
it is the unquestionable right of k the people of a Territory,
like those of a t?tate, to determine tor themselves whether
slavery shall or shall not exist Within their limits.' "
Mr. ADRAIN. If the gentleman from Arkan-
sas will yield to me, I will move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr, HINDMAN. I do not yield for a motion
to adjourn. I yielded the floor to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to make an explanation. When
he has made his explanation, 1 will then consent
to un adjournment.
Mr. MONTGOMERY took the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. It is now late, and the House
wants to adjourn. 1 make ihe point of order that
the gentleman from Arkansas cannot yield, and I
insist on it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I will debate the point
of order. I will only take up a few moments.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I withdraw my point
of order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Clerk, I regard
this question, as now presented, as a mere attrac-
tion, and hardly worth answering. There is nota
single member upon this floor who proposes, or
intends to propose, the passage of a law for the
protection of slave property in the Territories.
There is not a Territory of the United States where
such a law is necessary. It is, therefore, the merest
abstraction. It is raised now, and hurled into the
midst of the Democratic party by our opponents
as a firebrand. It is now thiown amongst us to
prevent, as far as may be, the organization of this
House, by the election of a conservative and na-
tional man as Speaker. It is expected to weaken
and divide us, bringing out the abstract views of
some gentlemen which may antagonize with the
abstract views of others, That was the object
which was had in view by those who intruded
this subject at this time, f therefore caution my
Democratic friends from being misled or agitated
on this question. Let us show our opponents that
they have failed to either distract or divide us.
Let me illustrate how barren this controversy is of
everything like practical importance.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. McRae]
differs with me in regard to the abstract question
of slavery itself, lie thinks it is divine; and I
think it is a mere municipal arrangement. That
is an abstract question, however, which does not
prevent us from acting together m the Democratic
party. He thinks slavery exists everywhere,ex-
cept where it is prohibited; I think it only exists
where it is established. But no such question ^an
come before Congress; and our differences are
mere abstractions, which do not prevent us from
acting in perfect harmony on other political ques-
tions. Is it of the slightest importance to us, as
Democrats, how we may differ on such abstract
questions, if we can only agree on the great fun-
damental principles of our Government, upon
which we are called to legislate ? No, sir.
Mr. Clerk, I have mentioned these things to put
my Democuitic friends on their guard against the
conscquences which were intended by those who
introduce this question. I have no desire, how-
ever, to conceal my opinion on this question, ab-
straction though it be. I feel that my opinion upon
it is of very little importance; yet I will not per-
mit my enemies to say that I shrank from an ex-
pression of it. I know that my opinion can influ-
ence no one, and is only asked because it was
hoped that I would be perplexed to find an answer
which would besatisfactory to my Democratic, col-
leagues. We will see. I do not expect to have an
opportunity to test the question by a vote during
my time in Congress; but when the question arises
I will meet it boldly and fearlessly. On the ab-
stract question, my decided opinion is, no law
ought to be passed by Congress either to establish
or protect slavery, on the one hand, nor, on the
other hand, to prohibit its existence in a Terri-
tory. Thosfc questions ought to be left to the peo-
ple of each Territory, to be determined by them-
selves. If the people say they shall be free, let
thorn bo free; if slave, let them be slave.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Lot me ask the gentleman
a question. What docs his Republican constitu-
ents, who voted for him, think of a slave code?
What do they think of the adoption by Congress
of a slave coder I know them well.
_ Mr. MONTGOMERY. I think those Repub-
licans would agiee with me on that question. I am
satisfied they would not desire me to vote for a slave
code; and I have said that I was opposed to the pas-
sage of such a code; and I feel very certain they
will approve my resolution on that question. There
were a number of generous hearted Republicans
who voted for me, and I am profoundly grateful
for their support; but they voted for me as a Dem-
ocrat, as a Democratic candidate running upon a
Democratic platform, regularly nominated by the
Democratic party. They knew my sentiments
on every political question that had then arisen;
the question of a slave code had not then been
agitated, nor is it agitated now, for no such legis-
lation is asked, nor will be a$kcd; therefore I can-
not sec why my colleague referred to their opin-
ions. My colleague will permit me to ask him a
question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Certainly.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. You voted for John
A. Gilmer for Speaker of this House?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I did.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. He is said to bo the
largest slaveholder in this body, and is in favor of
a slave code for ihe Territories. How will you
answer to your Republican constituents for this
vote when you return to them? [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I have shown by my
vote, sir, that I am willing and anxious to organ-
ize this House. Has that gentleman shown that
disposition? What do we find here? A discus-
sion about rules and points of order.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. That is not an answer
to my question. I ask what will the gentleman
tell his Republican constituents, in excuse, when
they learn that he has voted for a member for
Speaker who is not only the largest slaveholder
in this House, but who is also in favor of a slave
code for the Territories? That is my question.
I desire an answer.
Mr. MOORHEAD. T was inquiring about the
gentleman's constituents, and not about my own.
[Laughter.] There is much more conservative
feelingamongmy constituents than there is among
his upon the slavery question. My 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I answered the ques-
tion, so far as 1 am concerned.
Mr. MOORHEAD. But will the gentleman
permit me to answer? He asked a question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I voted for Mr. Gilmer
because, to use a very popular phrase upon the
other side of the House, he is a national and con-
servative man. 1 nm willing to vote for such a
man; and I believe Joiint Sherman to be such a
man; and 1 voted for Mr. Gilmer for the further
reason that he is m favor of protecting the great
industrial inten sts of this [Jnion. I deny, also,
that Mr. Gilmer is in favor of a congressional
slave code to protect slave property m the Terri-
tories. He has not soid so.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. He has said so, as I
understand; and if there is any dispute about it,
and if he will deny it here, we will introduce the
proof that he has so stated.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Wo have no evidence
that he is.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. If Mr. Gilmer desires
it we will, on the instant, introduce the proof that
he is in favor of a congressional slave code, and
that he has so declared freouently.
Mr. MOORHEAD. i' understand that the
gentleman, my colleague, has voted for Mr. Bo-
cock, who is in favor of a slave code. Is not that
so?
Mr MONTGOMERY. Onequestionatatime.
Not only did my colleague vote for Mr. Gilmer,
who is in favor of a slave code, and who is the
largest slaveholder intlusHouse,asitisasserted,
but sixteen of my Republican colleagues from the
State of Pennsylvania, headed by Mr. Stevens,
the gseat Abolitionist of Pennsylvania, voted for
Mr. Gilmer, who is a slaveholder and an open
advocate of a slave code. Go home to your con-
stituents now, and explain your conduct, and
when the canvass comes on this fall, tell the peo-
ple that the question of a slave codecs the most
important political question which enters into the
issues of the day, and that such a code is advo-
cated by the Democracy alone, and for that reason
call us the pro-slavery party.
Mr. MOORHEAD. If I thought my con-
stituents would meet me with the scorn and indig-
nation with which I know that gentleman's con-
stituents will meet him when he goes home, I
would not go home at all. [Laughter,] No, sir,
I would not go home at all. I know the character
of thatgentleman'sconstituents; I am acquainted
with his district; I am connected with an import-
ant public work running through it; and I say, to
use the expression of one of his own papers, he
literally ate dirt to obtain Republican votes, and
I know he cringed to the Republicans to obtain
their votes. I have letters in my possession from
a Republican who edits a paper m his district, to
show that Republicans believed that Mr. Mont-
gomery would act with the Republicans in organ-
izing the House, and in every other question in
which the Republicans were interested. How has
he answered the expectations of those who elected
him, who rescued him from utter defeat? How
has he answered them ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I was elected by three
thousand two bundled majority. I was elected
in 1856 by nearly a thousand majority. Now,
this House can appreciate the statements of the
; gentleman when lie informs thom that I was in
danger of defeat. He says that I was—using a
very offensive, a very low-bred term, worthy en-
tirely of the gentleman who used it—that I ate
dirt to get Republican votes. Now, let me say,
I never made a speech from the day I was nomi-
nated to the day I was elected. I appealed to the
Democratic party for a nomination, and I was sus-
tained by an overwhelming majority. I had nearly
two thousand votes of a majority in a contest
where the popular vote system prevailed in the
primary elections. I carried three thousand three
hundred votes in my own county, where but about
three hundred persons voted against me. I was
making no appeals to Republicans when I was
seeking the nomination of my own party—none
whatever. On the contrary, the Republicans of
my own county, after my nomination, put up a
candidate, and gave their whole strength to him,
and fought mc as bitterly as they ever opposed
me before. It is true that in other counties the
Republicans did not fully concur in that nomina-
tion; but he was run in the other counties as the
Republican nominee, and received in each of them
a large Republican vote, and had many warm Re-
publican friends. I made none but public pledges,
which I will carry out to the letter.,
I will risk the'contempt of my constituents if
the gentleman will risk the "withering scorn with
which his betrayal of his party, by his vote for
an advocate of a slave code, will be received by
his constituents. We will see who will suffer most
from scorn and contempt. I have deceived no
man—betrayed no principle. Can my colleague
say as much? Can he say that his vote for a
slavt holder and an advocate of a slave code, as
Speaker, is not a base abandonment of principle,
and treason to his party?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would like to ask the
gentleman what appeals he made to his Republi-
can colleagues upon this floor to save him from
defeat5 What appeals did he make while the can-
vass was pending, to his Republican colleagues
upon this floor to save him from defeat, on ac-
count of his course upon the Lecompton bill?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I received no assist-
ance from any of my Republican colleagues in
mv canvass for nomination.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I decline to yield. I
do not want to come in personal conflict with my
