1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
Mr. GREEN. I do not wish to interrupt his
argument; but this is called a homestead bill. It
makes it popular in the public mind. Now, to
be a homestead, it must be sacrcd as home. I
suggest whether Congress, the moment it parts
with the title, can exempt it from execution, sale,
and confiscation.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator suppose there
can be no homestead unless it is exempted from
execution ?
Mr. GREEN. I say there can be no home-
stead unless it is exempted from execution.
Mr. PUGH. I think we all have homesteads
in our States, but they can be sold.
Mr. GREEN. I beg leave to request the Sen-
ator to keep his seat. I say that it* belongs to the
States to make homesteads, not to the Federal
Government. The Federal Government may give
away wrongfully and unconstitutionally its lands;
but to make & free homestead in the proper sense,
nobody can do it but the States; and if Congress
should attempt to exempt it from execution, it
would be void; for the moment the title passed
out of the United States to the individual, it would
be subject to the State laws. How do you make
a homestead exempt, then, from execution, except,
by State laws?
Mr. PUGH. The bill does not propose to ex-
empt it from execution. I call a homestead the
place where a man lives. I do not think it is
necessary to exempt it from execution to make
it a homestead.
Mr. WJGFALL. Then I judge that, by the
consent of the Senator from Ohio and the Sen-
ator from Missouri, we may call this a bill to
provide homes for the homeless, subject to sale
under an execution and transfer without the con-
sent of the wife, instead of a homestead bill.
Mr. GREEN. That is it.
Mr. "WiGFALL. And in that view I will dis-
cuss it. I have shown that these railroad dona-
tions arc predicated on one idea; and that was,
that the Government was not actually making a
donation, and that it was not squandering the
public domain; but that, by donatingalternate sec-
tions, it was remunerated by the increased price of
the alternate sections wluch were reserved. But
this bill has no such feature as that. It proposes
to give one hundred andsixty acres to every man
who will go and settle 011 the alternate quarter
section; and as the settlement is continuous, and
there is no time provided when one shall not have
the right to go and settle without paying, and as
the Government has to survey and incur all the
expenses of acquiring and surveying, the time
will never come when another acre of land will
be sold by this Government. This is, therefore,
an entire abandonment of the public domain as a
source of revenue, and it will be a continual ex-
pense upon the Federal Treasury; in the first
place, the Government being called upon to fur-
nish homes for the homeless, and in the next place,
to be run to the immense expense of keeping up
land offices for the purpose of having their homes
surveyed out for them. Instead, therefore, of a
source of revenue, the public lands will become a
constant source of expense to the Government.
Hence it is better, in every view, to give them $160
at once; or, if you choose to rate the public lands
at §1 25, to give each man $200 at once, and be
done with it, provided you can get that class of
population to give a receipt in full against the
Government, and bind themselves never again to
•come here and ask any further donations. If you
can do that, I am willing to give them the $200 and
quit, to get rid of them. ;
Now, having, at. least to my own satisfaction, |
shown that there is some difference between sup- i
porting a bill to make grants of land to a railroad
company, for carrying the mails and munitions
of war and naval and military stores, and furnish-
ing homes to the homeless—one leaving the alter-
nate sections to, be bought by actual settlers from
the Government, when the railroad company shall
have sold out their alternate sections, or when
they shall ask higher prices than the Government
docs—having shown that that does not diminish
or cut off the Government from a source of in-
come, and that the other does, I, being satisfied
of these facts, can vote for one bill, and not for
the other.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to call
his attention, as I did before, to the fact of his own
departure from his own doctrine—the very point of
departure that I recollect my friend Judge Butler
used to comment upon? He has provided in his
bill that wherever the Government has no alter-
nate sections to bestow, you may go off an indef-
inite distance. For instance, in the State of Lou-
isiana, (for his bill extends from th<? Mississippi
river to the eastern boundary of Texas,) the road
may go through lands that have been sold by the
Government; and not having any alternate sec-
tion to bestow, the Senator makes up that deficit
out of the whole quantity of public lands, where
he neither reserves an alternate section nordoubles
the price of any. On what principle does he de-
fend that? for if he strikes that feature out of his
railroad bill, I can tell him that those who are de-
manding the grant would not ask for it at all, be-
cause that is the chief element of all the railroad
grants.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have two answers to make
to what the Senator says: first, that the bill may
be amended, and that stricken out 
Mr. PUGH. Then, I tell him, they will not
want it.
Mr. WIGFALL. If that be not expedient, I
say to him as I said before—as he would have
heard if he had listened to me instead of listening
to the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,]
whose conversation I cannot doubt is very interest-
ing, but it causes me to travel over the ground two
or three times—that this donation of land is part
of the price to be paid in advance for the trans-
portation of the moils, munitions of war, military
and naval stores; that the whole bill is predicated
on the idea of a contract made by the Govern-
ment with certain parties who are to render a cer-
tain service to the Government. There is the
important difference between the two measures;
and upon that I predicate it. If he can show me
that it is an iniquitous contract; that the compa-
nies are getting more land or more money than
the Government ought to pay, I will vote against
my own bill. If he will show that there is any-
thing in that bill inconsistent with the principles
which I here avow—and these are the principles
which I really entertain—I will vote against the
bill; but I do insist that there is no similarity
whatever between the two propositions.
Now, sir, there is another important distinction
between the two propositions—the one that 1 have
introduced and the one that the Senator from
Tennessee says he introduced, though I believe
Felix Grundy McConnell was the author of it.
I have been told so this morning. That, how-
ever, is a question which I leave Alabama and
Tennessee to speak about.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. All that I
have to say in that connection is, that I do not
care who is the author of this measure; but I will
inform the Senator from Texas that he has been
informed wrongly.
Mr. WIGFALL. I was told so this morning
by an Alabamian. He might have been desirous
of claiming the credit for his State; and doubtless
the Senator knows.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. An Alabamian
once before stated it in the Senate, and he was
shown then that he had fallen into an inaccuracy,
and Iiad made a statement which the record did
not sustain.
Mr. WIGFALL. Were I an Alabamian, I
should be glad that it were so. [Laughter.] But
to go on with my argument, if argument it can be
called. I have stated the difference between these
measures. I was about to state that there was
another important difference, and that is in the
whole character of the measures; the tone; the
look; the motive; the feeling; the sentiment that
induces them. One is a measure that a Govern-
ment might undertake to carry out—I mean a
Government that deserves the name of a Govern-
ment; the other is one which, in my humble judg-
ment, no such Government would undertake. One
looks to contracts for the performance of great
public services that are indispensable; the other
looks to providing for pauperism. I know it is
popular to talk about poor men, but I tell you that
poverty is a crime. A man who is poor has sinned,
[laughter;] there is a screw loose in his head
somewhere. [Laughter.] The Senator from Ohio
laughs. I will prove it.
Mr. PUGH. My observation of late years is,
that those who have -sinned the most generally
get rich the fastest in this country. [Laughter.]
Mr. WIGFALL* I think not, I think virtue
ii
is not always its own reward; but it is very fre-
quently rewarded.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me to
propose an amendment that I intend to offer, so as
to have it printed?
Mr. WIGFALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN.. I present an amendment, and
give notice that I shall offer it hereafter. I ask
that it be read and printed.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the provisions of all the existing preemption laws
be, and the same arc hereby, extended for the term of pay-
ment to the space of two years; and that if, at or before the
termination ol' the two years, the preemptor shall Meet to
pay for any legal subdivision of such quarter section, the
balance not thus paid for shall be subject to private entry
accoiding to existing laws.
Mr. GREEN, I will make one remark in ex-
planation . This proposition is to extend the time
of payment to the preempter for two years. It is"
a homestead for two years instead of live. In the
next place, if he cannot pay for one hundred and
sixty acres of land, he may pay forforty, or eighty,
according to his ability.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will not be diverted from
the train of my remaks by the amendment which
has been introduced. I say, Mr. President, that
poverty is a crime; and I shall move to amend this
bill by calling it a bill to encourage crimc, and to
provicle for criminals, to rob widows and orphans,
to violate the Constitution of the United States,
and bankrupt the Treasury. I said before that I
knew it was very fashionable to talk about poor
people. It is supposed that a man makes him-
self popular by talking about poor people, and
being the friend of the poor man, the bone and
sinew of the country—brogans and wool hats, and
all that sort of thing. Whenever I fail to render
some other evidence of my capacity to represent
any portion of the people of any of the States of
this Union, either here or elsewhere, than pander-
ing to prejudice, I hope that I shall pass from
public life into retirement. What is poverty?
Could you call any man poor who has capital?
Hardly. What is capital ? It is that which will
bring money. Who are the capitalists of the coun-
try ?" They are those men who have the means of
living. How do men live?' Sir, I trust in God
that I have as little respect for that class of society
who are the fruges consumers nati—those who are
born to cat, to sleep, and to die—as any man who
overlived. Who, sir,are the capitalists of the coun-
try ? They are the men who have the means of liv-
ing. It is not, thank God, in this country restricted
to that class who happen to be born rich, and who
therefore have the ability to do nothing. That is
not the class; but the man who, cither by his
brains or by his strong arms can make a living and
forces it—collects the debt the world owes him for
rendering service to the world—he is a capitalist;
and when you find such a man, he does not ask
you to furnish him a home. He would not take it
if you would give it to him. He goes into the
wild West and buys one, or purchases one, if he de-
sires it, where he was born. That class of the com-
munity are respectable. That class of the commu-
nity make always good citizens. When a State
is composed of that class of citizens, it is a re-
spectable State. These men are not poor, though
they possess but little of the world's goods.
You, sir, (Mr. Fitzpatrick in the chair,) or
any other Senator I see here, may, by long and
deliberate study,have sothoroughlyimbued your-
selves with the principles of the law, that your
mere opinion passes for law. You enter into the
profession; you are employed; it is known that
when you give an opinion or argue a case it
is gained already. You may have an income
of $100,000 a year; yet you may own no house,
you may scarcely have a new suit of clothes
m a year. Are you not a capitalist? Are you a
poor man, with an income of$100,000? Why, sir,
you may save none ofit;youmay gamble it off at
a " hell;*'.you may dispense it in charity, you
may throw it to the dogs. I care not what you
do with it. Arc you no capitalist? You are sell-
ing your brains, you are levying contribution on
the community; you have got that which is of
value to them, and you are paid for it. Are you
no capitalist? The man who, by his skill, can
make a watch, and invent machinery, is a capital-
ist. Though he owns no land, and no negroes,
no broad acres, he is a capitalist. The man who
ig willing to take his spade and go into the ditch,
