I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
36tii Cong....1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
To them we make this final appeal. Give us the
compact; give us peace. Disturb 110 longer our
domestic tranquillity.
To make tins appeal effectual, it is our duty at
tlie South, first, to crush out the party divisions
which exist among ourselves; to unite with all
men who feel the wrongs of their country, and
who are willing to unite for their redress; who
have no affiliation or sympathy with Black Re-
publicanism in any of its forms, and are ready
to drive them from the national councils. Let the
enemies of this organization extend to each other
cordially the right hand of fellowship, and, for
pure and honest purposes, bring their past party
differences and sacrifice them at the altar of p'a-
triotism. Thus, having secured our own union
and harmony, let us appeal to the friends of the
Constitution 111 the non-slaveholding States to im-
itate our example. Let us appeal to those of that
class who are among, but not of, the public ene-
mies themselves. Let us invoke them to join the
army of the Constitution. Let us call upon the
American organization of the North, as well as
the South, to enlist under its banners. Let us
invoke, in a spirit of kindness and fraternity, those
Democrats of the North, who, from discontent
upon a collateral issue, have withdrawn from the
faithful column, and whose position gives aid and
comfort to the common enemy, to return to their
colors. I have no word of invocation to those
who stand to-day in the ranks of the northern
Democracy, but to remember and emulate their
past history. From the beginning of this sectional
controversy, they have stood firmly by the Con-
stitution, in sunshine and storm. No body of
men, in the world's history, ever exhibited higher
or nobler devotion to principle under such adverse
circumstances.
The enemies of the Constitution, seeing that they
were its last bulwark in the non-slaveholding
States, have brought against them every engine
of destruction which their maddened malice could
invent. Their very loyalty to the Constitution is
daily charged against them as treason to their
own firesides. Amid the opprobrious epithets,
the jibes, and jeers of the enemies of the Consti-
tution; worse than this: amid words of distrust
and reproach even from men of the South, these
great-hearted patriots have marched steadily on
in the path of duty. Amid treachery and deser-
tion at home, and injustice from without, amid
disaster and defeat, they have risen superior to
fortune, and stand to-day, with their banners all
tattered and soiled in the honorable service of the
whole country, ready to renew the conflict and
to snatch victory from the very iaws of defeat. No
matter what fortune may betide us in the future;,,
while life lasts I have a hand that will succor and
a heart ready to embrace the humblest soldier of
this noble band. The union of all of these ele-
ments may yet secure to our country peace and
safety, liut if this cannot be done, peace and
safety are incompatible in this Union; but there
is safety and a glorious future for the South.
She knows that liberty, in its last analysis, is but
the blood of the brave. She is able to pay the
price and win the blessings. Is she ready?
We occupy eight hundred and fifty thousand
square miles of territory, stretching from Mason
and Dixon's line to the Mexican frontier, the
fairest, the most fertile, and the loveliest land tiiat
God ever gave toman; with noble rivers,bearing
on their bosoms to the ocean the rarest and rich-
est products of the earth; with capacious and com-
modious harbors, inviting the commerce of the
world to bear them to distant lands; with noble
mountains, containing the richest and most useful
ores and minerals of the earth; with valleys and
plains fertile and salubrious, inviting and reward-
ing the hand of industry; with forests unequaled
in the beauty and value of their products; with
more than twelve million inhabitants, prosperous
and attached and loyal to their social system; a
loyalty so devoted, that neither the treason nor
seditious teachings to which I ha\e referred, nor
brute force, have been able since the Revolution
to seduce one hundred men, of any class or con-
dition of her society, from their allegiance to their
homes and social system. Our people, after main-
taining themselves in all the necessaries of life at
home, already export over two hundred million
dollars' worth of their produce to all the great
marts of the world. This country, capable of
supporting a population larger than all Europe, is
stronger in arms for her defense than all the five
great Powers of Europe put together.
Sir, our whole country had but three million of
population, including slaves, when she met old
England in the struggle of the Revolution. We
have four times that population, and one hun-
dred times the wealth of all the colonies com-
bined. We are the sons of the same people. Look
to our past record, in peace or in war. Look to
therecord, all covered over with honor; with fidel-
ity to every engagement in peace or war; with
heroic devotion to the common cause, wherever
danger called for constancy and courage—to the
record of Virginia. She furnished the great leader
of our armies in the Revolution, and many others,
second to none butherown great son. Herstates-
men guided and directed your councils iti that
great struggle. The blood of her children was
shed and their bones bleached upon every battle-
field of the Revolution, from Quebec to Savannah.
She earned upon her own shoulders two thirds
of all the burdens of the war of independence.
Sir, the disloyal hands of the descendants of the
men of that day—men for whom these sacrifices
were made—have shed the blood of her own sons
on her own soil, and she owes it only to the loy-
alty of her people that the whole Commonwealth
was not wrapped in flames and in servile war; and
the courage of these midnight assassins and cow-
ardly traitors is the constant theme of senatorial
eloquence! Her sons and her grandsons, loyal to
her institutions, loving her as a mother, are scat-
tered all over the plains and valleys and mountain-
tops of this fair land, who feel deeply the wound
to her honor. Every loyal heart within the limits
of her southern sisters, beats in unison with the
feelings of these sons, and wait but her signal-gun
to avenge her. They are ready and willing and
anxious to hear this signal gun—" One blast from
her bugle horn were worth a million men.'*
Sir, 1 have but little more to add, nothing for
myself. I feel that I have no need to pledge my
poor services to this great cause, to my country.
My State has spoken for herself. Nine years
ago a convention of her people met and declared
that her connection with this Government de-
pended upon the faithful execution of this fugi-
tive slave law, and her full enjoyment of equal
rights in the common Territories. I have shown
that the one contingency has already arrived; the
other waits only the success of the Republican
party 111 the approaching presidential election. I
was a member of that convention, and stood then
and now pledged to its action. 1 have faithfully
labored to avert these calamities. I will yet labor
until this last contingency happens, faithfully,
honestly, and to the best of my poor abilities.
When that time comes, freemen of Georgia re-
deem vour pledge; I am ready to redeem mine.
Your honor is involved, your faith is plighted. I
know you feel a stain as a wound; your peace,
your social system, your firesides, are involved.
Never permit this Federal Government to pass
into the traitorous hands of the Black Republican
party. It has already deelaied war against you
and your institutions. It every day commits acts
of war against you; it has already compelled you
to arm for your defense. Listen to "no vain
babblings," to no treacherous jargon about44 overt
acts;" they have already been committed. De-
fend yourselves, the enemy is at your door; wait
not to meet him at the hearthstone—meet him at
the. doorsill, and drive him from the temple of
liberty, or pull down its pillars and involve him
in a common ruin.
ORGANIZATION OF THE 1IOUSE.
SPEECH OF HON. L. M. KEITT,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In^the House of Representatives,
January 25, 1860.
Mr. KEITT said:
Mr. Clerk: I trust that I appreciate the mag-
nitude of the drama in which we are now perform-
ing a part; for I believe that wc are standing face
to face with the existence of the Republic, and are
forelaying its future. Deep-laid were the foun-
dations of the Union, and wiser were the provisions
of the Constitution than even its framers compre-
hended. For seventy years it has lived on in spite
of invasion and assault, and in the most trying
events has unfolded capacities which were not
dreamed ofin the philosophy of the past. It would
seem that there are periods in the history of
the world, when God, in his wisdom and mercy,
drops the mantle of inspiration upon some chosen
men, and makes them the artists of a work, the
scope and compass of which transcend their own
conceptions. Made for the original thirteen States,
and expressing and applying a scheme of polity
novel to the history of the world, the Constitution
of the United States has yet been able, in peace,
to meet the requirements of civilization, and in
war to follow our flag as it has been carried from
ocean to ocean, and to stretch its protecting pro-
visions over empires and fragments of empires as
they have been won to its embrace. And yet,
comprehensive as arc the provisions of the Con-
stitution, and wise as is the structure of the Gov-
ernment, thoy are both ineffectual against the
assaults of fanaticism, and are both threatened
with overthrow, if they are not already falling to
pieces.
Whether the present struggle result in the safety
or overthrow of the Union, it is none the less wise
and proper that we should examine into its causes,
tendencies, and character, and the policy which
should be pursued, in view of the existing condi-
tion of things. On the very threshold of our legis-
lative action, we find ourselves engaged in a con-
flict, which paralyzes one great department of the
Government, and enfeebles the whole system. Is
the cause of this paralysis'essential, or is it acci-
dental? Is the machinery of the Government
arrested by the grasp of some ambitious man, and
may its movements be renewed by striking down
his unholy ambition, 01* is it arrested by some
antagonizing force which heeds not the mere in-
dividual, but will be satisfied only with beating
down all opposition to itself?
Sir, 1 believe it is the latter. Men here, and men
there, may pride themselves upon their conse-
quence; dressed up in authority and station, they
may deem themselves the creators of a mighty
movement; but, despite their symbols of power,
events march on, ana if they falter, trample them
down. Sir, the mere fasces of authority may pass
from hand to hand and excite but little concern;
but when they announce a revolution, justice and
| liberty may require the most determined resist-
; ance. We are now resisting, not an individual,
| but a party, a creed, a crusade. Yes, the paraly-
sis under which this coordinate department of
the Federal Government droops, is caused by a
series of principles, which a party organization
is endeavoring to seize the power of the Govern-
ment to carry out. Cotemporaneous with the
( Constitution, parties arose, and throughout its
j history they have struggled and died; and yet,
though they differed in policy, and sometimes in
construction of power, they threatened no sub-
! version of the Government, because they touched
not its life. Unlike all other parties,however, the
Republican party, if it succeeds and seizes the
! Republic, will seize it only in the moment of its
, dissolution.
' Why is it, then, that the triumph of the Re-
' publican party will be the overthrow of the Fed-
| eral Government? Because the consummation of !
j its principles will be the practical subversion of
the guarantees of the Constitution, and the con-
i damnation of the whole industrial system of the
South to chaotic rupture. African slavery is the
I corner-stohe of the industrial, social, and political
! fabric of the South; and whatever wars against
| it, wars against her very existence. Strike down
i the institution of African slavery, and you reduce
! the.South to depopulation and barbarism. In-
j stinct with this truth are all her people, and she
i will maintain her safety in the Union, if she may,
| but out of the Union, if necessary.
i To hide its deformity and conciliate support,
' the Republican party claims the sanction of the
framers of the Constitution for its policy. With
the most amazing audacity, itappeals to the early
fathers for support and countenance in its policy
of preventing the diffusion of slavery, with a view
to its gradual extinction; and also, of its power
