2480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30.
gentleman does desire to be catechised. I did not
imagine that he did desire to be catechised when
I commenced catechising him.
Mr. HASKIN. If I did it, it only proves the
additional necessity for reform. I was showing,
at the time that I was interrupted by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, that the executive print-
ing, under this Administration, had increased
$57,056 06 per year; and the evidence before the
Committee on Public Expenditures and the com-
mittee of the Senate proves conclusively that this
excess was manufactured by the President and
the heads of the Departments for the purpose of
sustaining and bolstering up this rapidly-expiring
Administration, and keeping in existence effete
and unnecessary newspapers, to praise or damn
those -whom they liked or disliked.
Now, 1 call attention to this important fact, that,
for the last six years, the cost of legislative and
executive pnntiugaloneamountsto$l,495,333 91;
while the costof printingfrom 1845down to 1851,
including the administration of Mr. Polk and the
Mexican war, and also two years of the admin-
istrations of General Taylor and Mr. Fillmore,
amounted to $797,092 85, being an excess, under
this and the preceding Administration, amounting
to $698,221 06.
Cost of Printing—House, Senate, and Executive—for 33d1,
34th, <muI 35£/i Congresses, and Pierce's and HueItalian's
Jtdministrations:
3MC«me««. f^liaZn. ^Ik and Taylor.
Senate #1/7,075 09 1845-16. ..$85,080 10
House  23-1,7 7o 18-26-47.. xtt^lSO 11
'iAth Congress.
Senate  142,596 80 1S17-48.. 108,753 84
House,  254,041 75 1848-49.. 145/281 UJ
3oth Congress.
Senate  105,34113 1S49-50.. 93,750 53
House  '-200,019 10 1850-51.. 131,141 1(5
Executive, (six yeai-s,).. 374,772 58
,$1,495,313 91 $797,092 85
Excess of four years of Pierce's and two years
of Buchanan's administrations over four years of
Polk's and two years of Taylor's administrations,
#698,2:21 06.
Now, sir, at the last session of Congress a law
was passed giving the printing of documents to
the Printer of the House winch should first order
their printing. Under that law, the present Printer
of the Senate, General George W. Bowman, ed-
itor and proprietor of the Constitution newspaper,
the home organ of the President, has printed, or
will print, by order of the Senate, up to tins time,
documents which will cost, from an estimate fur-
nished me by Mr. Towers, of tho office of the
Superintendent of the Public Printing, $104,8b7.
Mr. liowman, aecoidmg to the evidence, receives
one third of this amount for doing absolutely
nothing, he contracting that Mr. Rives shall do
the printing at sixty-six and two thirds per cent.
This shows that the profits of Mr. Bowman upon
the work already ordered and on the Patent Office
report, which will likely be ordered, will amount
to ^34,962. Well, from a document furnished this
House by the Superintendent of Public Printing,
in relation to the House printing, it appears that
the whole amount of printing ordered up to April
2, in behalf of the House, would, in the aggre-
gate, cost $29,699 19.
Mr. HOUS TON. Up to what time?
Mr. HASKIN. Up to the 2d of April. This
document was sent to the House under a resolu-
tion adopted on motion of the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Hin'dman.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Every one knows that that
is not coi rect.
Mr. HASKIN. It is up to the 2d of April,
and is accurate.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is brought down just far
enough to avoid the order made by the Ilouse to
repnntGovcrnor Stevens's report, which will cost
^50,000, or more.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh no, it will not cost
£5,000.
Mi. HOUSTON. It will cost §50,000.
Mr. FLORENCE. Thegentleman from Ala-
bama is under an entire misapprehension as to the
cost of that work. It will not cost $5,000. I have
seen the same assertion made in the newspapers,
and 1 made inquiries into the cost of reprinting
Governor Stevens's report, and my recollection is,
that it will be about five thousand instead of fifty
thousand dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish the gentleman from
New York would allow the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing to give us information as to
the cost of that work.
Mr. HASICIN. The gentleman will get the
information hereafter.
Mr. HOUSTON. But I would like to have it
in this connection.
Mr. HASKIN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing is to speak on his proposition,
and can as well give the gentleman the informa-
tion he desires, then.
Mr. FLORENCE. My remark just now in
regard to the reprinting of Governor Stevens's
report referred only to the printing. The chair-
man of the Committee on Printing informs me
that the volume will cost more; but I spoke of
the printing merely.
Mr. HASKIN. I think it is immaterial. I
will say, in reply to the gentleman from Alabama,
that the Senate have ordered the same number—
ten thousand copies.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that we ordered
fifty thousand.
Mr. HASKIN. Oh, no; only ten thousand.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, say ten thousand.
But it is not included in this statement; and it is
a singular fact, and one, I think, worthy of the
attention of every honest man who wants the
truth to come out, that this statement stops just
at this precise point. Why not bring it up to this
time, and show what has been ordered by the
House? It is very important, when stating facts,
or what purport to be facts, which arc to be sent
to the country, to influence the public judgment.
Mr. HASKIN. Very well. I will reply to
the gentleman by saying that ihavc given to the
ilouse that information which any gentleman will
get by reference to the document sent to the House,
under a resolution introduced by the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Hindman,] by the Super-
intendent of Public Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. Up to when ?
Mr. HASKIN. Up to the 2d of April.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, it does not in-
clude this large document; and the gentleman
knows it.
Mr. HASKIN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I will pro-
ceed. The Ilouse Printer, under an agreement
with Messrs. Larcombe & English, who are the
Printers de facto of the House, just as Mr. Rives
is tho Printei de facto of the Senate, by which Mr.
Ford is to receive twenty per cent.; and he not
having been eirctcd Printer until some time in
March, and a large number of documents having
been ordeied by the House previous to fluittime,
the profits of which went to Mr. Steadinan, who
held over as Printer of the last Congress, Mr.
Ford only received work up to the 2d of April to
the amount of twenty-five or twenty-six hundred
dollars.
Now, sir, as chairman of the Committee on
Public Expenditures, 1 care nothing about the in-
terests of the Punter of the Ilouse or the Printer
of the Senate. That has nothing to do with our
duty as legislators; it is our duty to reform—and
greatly to reform—the expenses which exist upon
this subject of the public printing; and it is in ad-
vocacy of such a reform that 1 am now speaking.
The only substantial reform which has been
accomplished thus far by the House, has been in
relation to the printing of the Post Office blanks,
incorporated into the Post Office deficiency bill,
providing that in the future those blanks should
be given out by contract to the lowest bidder. It
is true, that after the passage of that act, the Sen-
ate, with thatobtuseness which, owing to the as-
sumed greater respectability and age of that body,
I give it due credit for, passed a joint resolution
suspending the wholesome fifth section for put-
ting the printing of these Post Office blanks out to
the lowest bidder. When that joint resolution
came here, the Committee on Printing, under my
supervision, took charge of it and kept it in then-
possession; and the result has been that that fifth
section has gone into operation, and has proved
I to the country the character of this reform.
The Post Office blank printing has cost the
Government, under this Administration, from
forty-two to forty-five thousand dollars a year.
Proposals for doing this printing having been ad-
vertised for, there were some twenty-four bids—
among them, one from Mr. Croweil, who, as a
sub-contractor, had done this work for the last
fifteen years. His bid was given, expecting to
have the contract awarded him, proposing to do
the work for ninety-three per cent, on the dollar
less than the price which had been previously
paid. A Mr. Thomas, however, a joint partner
with a Mr. Jewett,as 1 am informed, of a Know
Nothing paper in the city of Buffalo, made a still
lower bia, proposing to do the work for ninety-
four and one fourth per cent, on the dollar reduc-
tion on the old prices. The result has been that
Mr. Thomas, under the law, has had the contract
awarded to him, and he has furnished good and
sufficient securities for tho faithful performance
of the work; and the work is now being done at
the rate of about three thousand dollars per an-
num, which previously cost, during the present
Administration, from forty-two to forty-five thou-
sand dollars per annum. And this Post Office
blank printing, under these circumstances, is a
matter which elicited the legal ability of Attorney
General Black, and the umpirage of the President
himself, through which large dividends have been
paid for the support of the Pcnnsylvanian and
Argus, in Philadelphia, and of the home organ,
the Constitution, in this city.
Now, sir, I have already said enough, I trust,
to satisfy the House that there is no subject that
is more important, on which we should act more
promptly and efficaciously in bringing about a
wholesome reform, than this subject of public
printing.
Mr, PHELPS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York whether the rate of pay
for printing these Post Office blanks, up to the
passage of the Post Office deficiency bill of this
session, was not fixed by law, and whether the
Post Office Department was not required to pay the
amount which was paid for doing this work; and
whether the Executive Departments have, at any
time, paid more for this work than they were re-
quired to do by the law?
Mr. HASKIN. I will state, in reply to the
gentleman from Missouri, that the Department
paid, I believe, the prices fixed by the law of 1852.
I will also state, in reply to the gentleman from
Missouri, that the President and Attorney Gen-
eral both knew of the profits which were being
made out of this woik; and that it was undcrtheir
advice and direction that those profits were dis-
tributed. 1 will state also that Mr. Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing Bowman, although he
advised many reforms, yet never discovered that
any reform was needed in regard to the printing
of the Post Office blanks.
3V1 r. PHELPS. This reform was recommended
by Superintendent Bowmafl.
Mr. llASKIN. No, sir; you can find no such
recommendation in his report. He discovered
that reforms were necessary in reference to fur-
nishing the paper used in the public printing, and
in many matters in connection with the public
printing; but he failed to discover that any reform
was necessary in relation to the printing of these
Post Office blanks.
Mr. HILL. 1 desire to ask the gentleman from
New York one question for my own information.
Did the price fixed for the printing of these Post
Office blanks include the furnishing of the paper?
Mr. HASKIN. It did not. It was simply
and solely for the printing. The paper was fur-
nished to the Printer by the Superintendent of the
Public Printing—by the Government—as the evi-
dence of the Superintendent of the Public Printing
will show.
Mr. HILL. Then Mr. Bowman suggested re-
forms in the furnishing of the paper for the print-
ing of those blanks; but no reform in the printing
itself?
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Bowman, while Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing, suggested reforms
as to the furnishing of paper generally, but none
in regard to this printing. What I stated was,
that cx-Superintcndent Bowman, who is now the
Printer of the Senate, and that Attorney General
Black, and the President himself, knew of the enor-
mous profits being made out of this printing, and
they did not suggest any reforms in respect to it;
but, on the contrary, they used a portion of the
profits to keep up their party newspapers.
Mr. BURNETT. IfLhe gentleman will allow
me, 1 desire to ask him one question. He says
that the President and the Postmaster Genewxi
did nothing for the reform of this abuse. I un-
derstood the gentleman just now to state that they
only complied with the law of 1852 in relation to
