516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
that; a man, tot>,"who is in favor of the most ultra
southern doctrine of protection to slavery in the
Territories by congressional legislation. I sup-
f ose that was the reference to which he alludes,
f the shoe pinches, I cannot help it. It was
himself who put it on, and he must now wear it.
Mr. COVODE. Just a word there. [Cries of
"Order!"]
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I decline to yield the
floor. Mr. Clerk, the gentleman says that he
wrote a letter to my constituents. It is unques-
tionably true that he and several of his colleagues
—some four or five of them—did write a letter
to some members of the Republican party in my
county, who were denouncing me with a fierce-
ness that was unparalleled, at the very time the
Republican party were standing with me in favor
of what lias sometimes been termed the Critten-
den-Montgomery bill. They wrote to these men
remonstrating against that opposition; but 1 have
the satisfaction of informing my colleague that the
very men to whom he wrote continued the bit-
terest opponents I had in my district. They were
the bitterest enemies when he wrote his letter,
and they so continued down to the very day when
the election was determined. Not one man of them
voted for me—not one man of them who did not
oppose me in the canvass with all his influence.
If that, then, is the support that I received in
consequence of the recommendation the gentle-
man saw fit to give me, I may feel more grateful
for the intention than for the results which at-
tended his efforts.
This whole thing, however, was a private mat-
ter which an honorable man would novor be will-
ing to divulge. It is, however, a matter of tuste.
Mr. COVODE. Just a word there.
Mr.MONTGOMERY. I respectfully decline
to be interrupted.
Mr ASHLEY. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 believe the gentle-
man is not from my State; he is not from my dis-
trict; and he knows nothing about me, or about
this personal mutter which has been sprung upon
me by one of my colleagues, and which I am now
endeavoring to repel. Sir, whenever they strike
at me, they must be assured that I will return the
blow; and I want thein to understand that what
they send will come back to them with compound
interest. It is a quarrel which they have sought;
the consequences must fall on their own heads.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. If the gentleman
will give way, i desire to move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. No, sir; I will be
through in a moment. As to my colleague from
the Pittsburg district, [Mr. Moorhf.u),] he has
adrpittedall that I said. He has admitted that in
the last thre** or four years he has belonged to as
many parties. Why, he complacently tells us
that the Democratic party deserted all its old prin-
ciples,all its policies, and all its platforms—walked
right away leaving him standing there like a rock
that bad not changed its place; that the Demo-
cratic party deserted all the measures it advocated
in years gone by,and has left my colleague a sol-
itary monument of how far a party so shifting
and changing can wander from a firm man of set-
tled principles. It is true my colleague has changed
his party name very often since, but his principles
remain unchanged. All others have changed; he
alone is firm.
Mr. MOORIiEAD. Oh, no; a good many re-
mained with me.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. He tells us, too, that
he is in favor of a tauiT; and that that is the reason
why he voted for Mr. Gtlmer. If that was his |
reason, why does he not continue to vote for him ? I
If Mr. Gilmer is the tariffcandidateof this House, ;
why not continue; to support him ? Why did i
my colleague desert him after the first or second I
ballot? j
But my colleague says he is in favor of pro- i
tecting American industry, and congratulates Gov- !
ernor Smith, of Virginia,upon his being dressed i
in Virginia homespun. And yet, notwithstand- i
ing his admiration for home manufactures, the !
gentleman has upon his own person a coat made !
of fine French cloth. He stands upon this floor i
in French boots; a shirt made of Irish linen; sir, j
his whole person clothed from head to toe with I
articles of foreign manufacture. [Laughter.] I !
see upon his person now a beautiful French satin i
vest. Certainly a gentleman so dressed is, of all
others, the man to congratulate members on this
side of the House with the devotion to American
industry apd American manufactures. It is sug-
gested that lie wears a very fine and costly Aus-
tralian woolen under-shirt, [laughter;] but of the
truth of that I cannot vouch. I believe, too, that
my honorable friend carries a Swiss watch. [Re-
newed laughter.] Yet he talks most seriously to
this side of the House, as though he was the
warmest advocate of the consumption and pro-
tection of American industry and American man-
ufactures.
Mr. Clerk, this debate is one that I regret. I
never seek, but always studiously avoid, personal
conflict with any gentleman. If there has been
any unparliamentary expression used by me, I
beg the pardon of the House; it has been called
forth by the unkind, uncourteous, and unparlia-
mentary expressions used by my colleague; and,
sir, it is the first time since I have occupied a seat
on this fioor, now nearly three years, that I have
ever passed an unkind or angry word towards any
member of this House.
Mr. COVODE. I did not understand that there
was any personal feeling in this matter. I spoke
from no such feeling; but I understood the gentle-
man to say that I had voted for Mr. Gilmer,
and ask wny I had voted for him. Sir, I voted
for Mr. Gilmer upon his record. He acted
with us on the Lccompton question; he is a good
Union man, so are all the Opposition in the South.
He met and conferred with us. In addition, I was
satisfied that Mi. Gilmkr was sound on the
taufF question, m which Pennsylvania has such a
groat interest.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is Mr. Gilmer in favor
of a protective tariff'1
Mr. COVODE. I know that the old Whigs of
the South always stood with us on that question.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I wan/ to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. COVODE. I understand that Mr. Gilmer
has not been an advocate for a slave code. I am
so informed now.
The gentleman says that I failed to get the men I
wrote to m his favor to support or vote for him.
Mr. Clerk, the men who refused to support him
were his immediate neighbors of the same town,
who knew him better than 1 did. [Laughter on
thf Republican benches.]
Mr. MONTGOMERY. They knew me well
politically, sir, and that from my boyhood I had
fought the Democratic fight for years. They were
the leaders of the gentleman's paity, and I was
but an humble soldier in the Democratic ranks,
and many a -u.id battle we have had with each
other.
My colleague says that he votes for Mr. Gil-
mf.r upon his lecord. Is it the record of his vote
in favor of the English bill? Is that the record
he supports ? My colleague says he goes for him
upon his record.
u O ! consistency, thou art a jewel."
Will my colleague vote for Mr. Gilmer again >
He makes no answer. With all kindness and re-
spect, I may say that he dare not answer. That
Republican gun is spiked.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" "Let us vote!" &c.,
from the Republican benches.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. With the consent of the
gentleman from Arkansas, I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not believe there is
any general disposition to have the yeas and nays
taken on the question.
Mr. SPINNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes 36, noes 114.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Mr. COLFAX. It is now too late to call for j
tellers when the count shows that the yeas and I
na^ys have boon ordered. j
The CLERK. It is in order to ascertain whether }
the count is correct. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buhlikgame j
and Baricsdale were appointed. i
The House divided; and the tellers reported— |
ayes 36, noes 114. |
So (one fifth voting in favor thereof) the yeas
and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE withdrew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE renewed it.
Mr. HARDEMAN. If the motion does not
prevail, I hope we shall continue to sit here. I
am assured that a good many gentlemen on the
other side called for the yeas and nays in order
to be right on the record; and that having placed
themselves on the record, they would be willing
then to adjourn. Such a want of nobility of char-
acter I, for one, deprecate and detest.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter past five o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 19, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TEN EYCIv presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Jersey praying Congress to pass a
law to prevent all further traffic in, and monopoly
of, the public lands of the United States, and that
they be laid out in farms and lots for the tree and
exclusive use of actual settlers; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of M. C.
Dunnier, praying remuneration for injuries re-
ceived and losses sustained in consequence of the
destruction, by fire, of a dredging machine, on
board of which he was employed as sub-agent of
the United States, in charge of the St. Mary's river
improvement; which was referredto the Commit-
tee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the legal rep-
resentatives ofC.G Treichcl and others,deceased,
late clerks in the custom-house at Philadelphia,
praying arrears of compensation due said clerks;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Daniel Ab-
bott, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of R. M.
Brown and others, praying that pensions may be
granted to the militia who served in the war ©f
1812, and to the widowsof those who have died,
or may hereafter die; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Agnes Slacke and the
hens of De Ilepeutsjjny, praying the confirmation of their
titles to certain lands in Michigan, with the papers accom-
panyincfthc memorial, on the fill* ol thu Senate, he lefened
to the Committee on Private Claims.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of A. J. Atocha,
on the liies of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the petition of David
H. Burr, late surveyor general of the Territory
of Utah, praying to be allowed the salary apper-
taining to that office until he was relieved of the
care and responsibility thereof by the transfer to
Governor Cumming. asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands; which was
agreed to.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Iienry Etting, a purser in the Navy, praying that
Iw may be credited with the amount paid by him
to Lieutenant Rich, for services as judge-advocate,
and disallowed on the settlement of his accounts,
reported a bill (S. No. 91) for the relief of Henry
Etting; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. HEMPHILL, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of John Shaw, praying remuneration for losses
sustained by him in furnishing six companies of
rangers on the Mississippi with provisions, am-
munition, &c., during the late war with Great
Britain, asked to be discharged from its further
