m
APPENDIX- TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
36th Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. op Reps.
to impose, through legislation, restrictive disabil-
ities upon it. Now, sir, what are the facts ?
■ I admit that the sentiments of most of the framers
of the Federal Constitution were anti-slavery; but
their sentiments are foreign to this discussion.
What did they do? That is the question. They
were unfettered by restrictions; they were in the
exercise of naked power; and what did they do?
They made a pro-slavery Constitution. The great
"men of the Republic, with anti-slavery sentiments,
as it is contended, did, in the exercise of naked
power, make a pro-slavery Constitution. The Re-
publican party of to-day, faithless to the obliga-
tions of the Constitution—faithless to the pledged
honor of all the States in the Confederacy, and with
its hands tied by the compromises of the Constitu-
tion—struggles to do, and must do, or die, what
the "fathers of the Republic" refused to do in the
exercise of naked power. The Republican party
is attempting to do, against all the restrictions of
the Constitution, what the framers of t,hat instru-
ment refused to do, with no restriction resting
upon them. And yet the sanctions of their names
Are appealed to. The leaders of the Republican
party appeal to the anti-slavery sentiments of the
early fathers, but conceal their acts. In this they
perpetrate a fraud. The sentiments which the great
men of the Revolution entertained upon the ques-
tion of slavery are immaterial to me. The insti-
tution had not been discussed; its character and
capacities had not been tested; besides, they were
imbued with the influence of the French encyclo-
pedists, and Were affected by the abstractions of the
Declaration of Independence. I may say, how-
ever, that Jefferson, later in life, changed his ab-
stract opinion upon the subject of slavery; and,
therefore, not even his sentiments can be quoted
by the Republican party.
To wrest either their words or acts tcfthe policy
or the power of restricting the diffusion of slavery,
is a fraud both upon their memories and their
teachings of the scope and meaning of the Con-
stitution. Mr. Jefferson acquired Louisiana, and
thus gave an empire to slavery. Had he thought
of the institution as the Republicans of to-day do,
would he have allowed an insignificant settlement,
as the member from Ohio [Mr. Corwis] called it,
to carry sfttvery and the laws of slavery all over
that magnificent region ? If Jefferson, Madison,
and Monroe had been opposed to the extension
of slavery, would they have denounced the ' 'Mis-
souri restriction?'* That was a limitation upon
slavery. ' And yet they did denounce it. Mr.
Jefferson, in a letter to John Holmes, of Maine,
dated Q9th April, 1820, condemned it as an attempt
to if restrict the diffusion of slavery." Mr. Mad-
ison, in a letter to Mr. Monroe, in 1820, said: " I
have always leaned to the belief that the restric-
tion was not within the true scope of the Consti-
tution." Mr. Monroe, in the draft of a veto mes-
sage which he had prepared, uses these words:
" if it (the restriction) is not m direct violation of
the Constitution, it is repugnant to its principles."
It is true, he afterwards signed a bill containing
this restriction, but he said he signed it to save
the Union. Thus much for the policy of restrict-
ing slavery, as expressed by the founders of the
Republic, both in words and in acts.
How is it with the origin of the Republican
party? Its leaders claim that the repeal of " the
Missouri restriction" gave birth to it. That re-
striction was denounced by Jefferson, Madison,
and Monroe; it was denounced also by Jackson
and Harrison; and was recently pronounced to be
unconstitutional by the Supreme Court, Thus the
party is founded upon the repeal of a geographical
line, restrictive of slavery, which restrictive line
has been pronounced by the Supreme Court to be
unconstitutional. Can a party which is founded
upon an unconstitutional dogma be safely in-
trusted with the Government?
Sir, in the sapping and mining process of his
argument against slavery, and with the view of
poisoning it at the fountain-head, the member
from Ohio, with a singularly infelicitous inaccu-
racyjeither of reading or of recollection, declared
that slavery was the creature of local law, and
that the slave trade had always been against the
law of nations. If the existence and protection
of slavery among all people and iif all ages make
it local; if the recognition and protection of it in
every civilized code known to mankind make it
local, then it may be said to be the creature of lo-
cal law. But what kind of property is not local
according to this definition ? The dogma that sla-
very is local, or rather that it is the creature of
local law, was interpolated upon our courts by a
judicial fraud. Mr. Justice Story admitted that
he put it in adecision incidentally,and with a view
of affecting the rights of the South. Slavery an-
tedates law, was at the origin of society,ana has
existed among all people. The right to slaves
was the first right of property which was recog-
nized, and it has been recognized more widely
than any other kind of property. If any property
is not local, it is slavery. The declaration that
the slave trade was always against international
law, is intended, by a retroactive operation, to
affcct the character of slavery and impair its se-
curity. The declaration, however, is unfounded.
Lord Stowcll declared that the slave* trade was
recognized and protected by the laws of England,
and we know that it was also recognized and pro-
tected by the laws of the other civilized nations
of Europe In fact, the Supreme Court has de-
clared that the trade was not against the law of
nations. Mr. Justice Story, in a letter dated No-
vember 19, 1842, to Hon. Ezekiel Bacon, says:
" 1 there [the case of the La Joune Eugenie] held
that, abstractly considered, the African slave trade
was contrary to the law of nations," &c. He
further says: but " my decision was overruled in
the Suprcftio Court in the cj.se of the Antelope."
I am amazed at the perversion of history to which
the anti-slavery party resorts.
I said, Mr. Clerk, that the Republican party
had brought the North and South face to face
upon the institution of slavery, and that the Re-
public itself was involved in the struggle. Either
the anti-slavery sentiment of the North must be
subdued and beaten down, and the Government
restored to its original character, or the Union
must perish. The South takes issue with the
anti-slavery party of the North, first, upon the
institution of slavery; and secondly, upon the
character and structure of the Government. The
anti-slavery party contend that slavery is wrong
in itself, and that the Government is a consolidated
national democracy. We of the South contend
that slavery is right, and that this is a confederate
Republic of sovereign States.
And now, first, upon the character and nature
of slavery. We affirm it to be normal, just, and
beneficent. It is normal, for it has existed in
every portion of the world and among all people,
the most civilized as well as the most savage. It
forelays " the way, too, of progress and civiliza-
tion, The accumulation of capital is the first
element of civilization. But to accumulate or to
use capital to any considerable extent, the com-
bination of labor is necessary." In a rude state
of society, and among a sparse population, this
combination of labor, except through the instru-
mentality of slavery, is impossible. The relation
between labor and capital presupposes a state of
society where property—that is, the accumulation
of capital—exists, and where considerable prog-
ress has already been made in civilization. In
a rude state of society, only the animal wants are
felt; and as these are easily satisfied, no one could
employ the labor of another, except through pre-
dial or domestic slavery. With the accumula-
tion of property come tfie tastes and refinements
of life. Thus are originated progress and civiliza-
tion.
It is just. It was established in the old, and
recognized in the new dispensation. I care not
to criticise texts; I affirm facts. If, therefore, the
standard of the moral law be applied, it is just.
If the standard of human law be applied, it is just
also; for it is found in the laws of every people
on earth. So far, however, as human justice is
involved, separated from intrinsic morality, it is
just, if recognized in and protected by the laws of
a single people, so far as that people are concerned.
It ia just, too, in the sense of high public utility.
It is beneficent. In all societies therfcmust be
some relation between the superior and the infe-
rior. When society has been firmly settled, gov-
ernment established, and laws instituted, legisla-
tion, more or less, specially defines the relations
between them. Yet, even then, much that concerns
both the superior and inferior in common must
be left to individual discretion. There are certain
phases of the social relations which legislation can
never absolutely impress itself upon and define.
It is also incontrovertible that all the inhab-
itants of a State cannot be educated. The ordi-
nance of God condemns mankind to labor, and
certain menial occupations are incompatible with
mental cultivation. Society everywhere recog-
nizes the distinction between intellectual labor
and certain manual employments. Knowledge
and virtue are necessary to civil freedom. In
every well-regulated society, in every wisely con-
stituted government, authority and station are the
reward of knowledge and virtue. Universal equal-
ity was not bestowed by the Almighty, and cannot
be created by human law.
Inequality exists everywhere. In all societies
there is an infinite variety of"employments; and
the ruder and coarser ones, though necessary and
honorable in themselves, require only rude and
coarse instrumentalities. These do not fit for the
high concerns of State. This truth is recognized
either in every Government or society on earth.
Wherever laws do not establish or recognize it,
society does. Privileged orders arc a recogni-
tion of it by law. Although no law in the free
States of this Confederacy attests the fact, yet
society there, in the distribution of honors, rec-
ognizes the distinction between intellectual and
menial employments. In every Government some
persons arc excluded from office.
There is inequality between the civilized and
the uncivilized,between the strong and the weak.
The former must control the latter. What titl^-
deed, not founded in this, have the Anglo-Nor-
mans to the possession of one inch of this conti-
nent? What title-deed, not founded in this, have
any of the nations of Europe to the soil on which
they live? None—none whatever. Whenever the
civilized and the uncivilized come into contact,
the former must adjudge the relations between
themselves and the latter. Whenever the edu-
cated and uneducated, the strong and the weak,
come into contact, outside of established society,
the former adjudge the relations between them-
selves and the latter; and if they come into con-
tact in society, inequality is adjudged'by law or
by society. Inequality exists; ana it is a simple
question whether the laws or society establish it.
In the South the inequality is between the white
and the black races. The coarser and ruder func-
tions of society are performed by the slaves; and
the distinction between intellectual and menial
labor is deepened and strengthened by difference
of race and color. The wide interval between the
master and the slave prevents envy or hate; while
the character and mental constitution of the slave
exempt him from struggles and aspirations. The
laboring class m every country,excepttheSouth,
have risen in rebellion against government and
society. There it has conformed to its nccessary
condition without violence and bloodshed. Sla-
very at the South is beneficial to the white race,
because it elevates it to the higher and more intel-
lectual employments and duties of society; it is
beneficent to the negro, because it gives lnm sup-
port, guidance, and protection; and it is bcneficent
to both, because it saves society from vicissitude
and convulsion. The South thus antagonizes the
anti-slavery sentiment of the North upon the in-
stitution of slavery, in its moral, social, and indus-
trial aspects.
It joins issue, secondly, upon the character and
powers of the Fe4eral Government; for this senti-
ment proposes to occupy the Government, and
wield its powers for the destruction of slavery in
the South. The dominant theory at the North
rests upon verbal criticism, and is, that this is a
consolidated and not a confederated Government.
In the infancy of the Republic it was threatened
with foreign aggression and danger; and its pow-
ers were employed against those, without inquiry
into their legitimate use. In the exigencies of
their critical condition, in the emergencies of a
novel experiment, and in the fluctuations of an
industrial economy not thoroughly settled, the
provisions of the Constitution were still further
stretched beyond their appropriate functions. In
the servicc of avarice, in the service of ambition,
the Constitution has so long been pressed to the
uses of greed and power, that in the hands of fa-
naticism it threatens soon to become only the in-
strument of a vulgar tyranny. The lust of spoils
