1860.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Organization of the House—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. op Reps.
and the lust of ambition have assailed its checks
and balances, and an insane fanaticism is now
about to obliterate its distinctive characteristics as
aRepublicof sovereign States. The North,being
now in a numerical majority, would sweep away
its restrictions, because they oppose its march to
unchecked domination; the South would uphold
them, because they interpose between herand the
grasp of the spoiler. The North, being com-
mercial, manufacturing, and mechanical, invokes
bounties and largesses; the South, being agricul-
tural, asks only an exemption from interference.
Hence, the theory of the North is, that this is
a consolidated Union of States; whilst the theory
of the South is, that it is a Confederacy of States.
The theory of consolidation rests, as 1 have said,
upon mere verbal criticism. It originates in the
interests and selfishness of the North; but it is
supported by a criticism upon the words with
which the Constitution begins: 44 We, the people
of the United States," &c. These words, in con-
nection with their origin and use, give no just
sanction to any such construction. I pass by Mr.
Calhoun's explanation, clear as it is, that it was
not known, when the Constitution was framed,
which of the States would adopt it; and so it could
not be expressed, " We, the States;"and refer to
the history of the phrase for its true-meaning.
The Declaration of Independence is styled 44 The
unanimous declaration of the thirteen United States
of America." Were they then consolidated? And
yet the words 44 United States" are used. That
declaration also declares that "We, therefore, the
Representative's of the United States of America,"
&c.,44 do, in the name, and by the authority, of
the good people of these colonies, solemnly publish
and declare, that those united colonies are, and of
right ought to be, five and independent States."
Hero we see the phrases, 44 the people of these colo-
fu?.4.;" also 4' these unitedcolonics;" Chen, these col-
onies ^free and independent Stales;" and also the
culminating phrase, the " United States of Amer-
ica." No one pretends that there was then a con-
solidated Union; and yet we find the very phrase
upon which the theory hangs.
Again: in tho Articles of Confederation, the first
article declared that 44 the style of this Confeder-
acy shall be the United States of America." Weie
the States consolidated under the old Articles of
Confederation ? No one pretends it; for the second
article declares that " each State retains its sov-
ereignty, freedom,andindepcndence,"<fcc. Thus
we fond in the Articles of Confederation the very
phrase, the " United States." The "States '
were declared also to be 44 united " m 44 perpetual
union." They were the " United States of Amer-
ica in perpetual union.*' And yet, each State of
the United States was declared to be "'free, sover-
eign y and independent." Tho ''Union of the UtW
ted States" was also declared to be 44perpetual. '
Was it perpetual ? No; it was changed at the will
of the States, because they were 44 free, sovereign,
and independent States." It was a 44union " of
States; and for what was it changed? For a
" more " perfect union. 44 We, the people of the
United States, ill order to fprm a mure perfect
union," &c., •' do ordain 'and establish this Con-
stitution for the United States of America." Thus
reads the Constitution. Now, under the Articles
of Confederation, there was a 44u?iion" of the
44 States,"under the style of the 44 United States,"
while each remained £4 free, sovereign, and inde-
pendent,^ So, under the Constitution, there is
only a 44 more perfect union" of the 44 States"under
the same style of the 44 United States," while each
State remains as before, 4> free, sovereign,and in-
dependent." If a consolidated "union had been
intended, it would have been expressed m appro-
priate language. It would have read 44 to fori jj a
perfect union," instead of44 to forma more perfect
union." It would seem, then, from the history
of the time, as well as the meaning of the words,
that the phrase, 44 we, the people of the United
States of America," was only a technical term;
that the 44union," under the Articles of Confed-
eration, was loose and disjointed; and that the
44union," under the Constitution, was intended
to be only 44 more perfect;" that is, less loose and
disjointed.
Sir, I have made this argument with no expec-
tation that it will arrest the tendency to consoli-
dation, now so manifest in the workings of the
Government. I know that the lust of avarice
and the lust of ambition will never be satisfied
while spoils are to be won and power obtained.
I know, too, that mere parchment provisions will
never stay back the march of a majority; and that
its despotism, raised under the mask of law upon
the ruins of the Republic, will be more fatal to
liberty than the despotism of a victorious captain.
I know, too, that fanaticism, firing unchastened
passions and pursuing through blood its guilty
phantasms of perverted morality, will never
t4down" at the bidding of reason, or turn aside
from the barriers of law; but will plunge on till
it is quenched in tears and anguish and ashes, or
consumed in fires still fiercer than its own. There
is a point up to which fanaticism may be peace-
ably turned back upon itself, but beyond which
it is impenetrable to justicc, argument, and truth,
and must achieve itsmissionof havoc,or be beaten
down by superior power. That point, [ fear,
anti-slavery fanaticism has already passed; and I
point not to a criticism of phrases, or to the struc-
ture of the Government, to blunt its sword or to
appease its hatred. But the Constitution was
the work of inspiration; and though it should be
crushed arid mangled by fanaticism, I still would
vindicate, to history, its wisdom and integrity.
I would show, too, that the anti-slavery party at
the North, in its crusade against the South, had
pressed on over the very structure and battlements
of the Republic; and that if, to save her social
system, her life and civilization, the South should
level the Federal structure to its foundations, she
will stand at the bar of history with no stain on
her name aifd no blot on her escutcheon. Sir,
the struggle of the South with her foes will yet be
adjudged'belbre the tiibunal of the world. Pub-
lic opinion is the atmospheio which surrounds,
sustains, and purifies every cause. Monarchaon
their guarded thrones; judges on their scats of au-
thority; Senators in all the pomp of power—-even
priests, amid their rites and mysteries, all acknowl-
edge the majesty of public opinion. This public
opinion will yet adjudge the cause of the South.
Passion may huriyit from its propriety for a day;
prejudice and error may taint it for a period; but
it must come back to the great laws of nature and
truth. The^outh, with the principle of subordi-
nation, gradation, and harmonious inequality per-
vading her social system, rests upon the law of
nature, and may look with confidence to that pub-
lic opinion which survives passion, prejudice, and
error. And our inspired Constitution will yet rise
from the ruins in which you have buried it, like
the phenix from the ashes; the South will seize
it, hold it up, and under it, as a standard, will
illustrate her supremacy to the world.
I have thus discussed the causes and character
of the stiugglc, as involved in the aggressive anti-
slavery fanaticism of tho North; and I will now
briefly examine its influence upon the Federal
Government in the form of squatter or popular
sovereignty. In discussing this Question, I shall
not attempt, either on the one side or the other,
to catch, to crystallize, and to give a 44 local hab-
itation and a name" to all the varying phases of
opinion and shades of thought which have been
inevitable to the discussion of an important and
dehcatc subject, nor shall I make inquiry into
what certain conventions of parties may have said
in past times, and what platforms, to use a slang
word, have been adopted. These things maybe
very interesting to the parties concerned; to me
they are of little interest, and, I think, of less to
the country. Let the dead bury the dead. I go
for the living, for the present and the future. J.
go for placing the country on the Constitution
and the principles of the Constitution, and not
upon the opinion, past or present, of any man
however distinguished, or of any self-constituted
convention. To tho advocates of the sovereignty
of the Territories, I say frankly, there is, in the-
ory and principle, a whole world between us. If
they are right, then, in my judgment, the Amer-
ican Revolution has not given a new idea to po-
litical science, and our Constitution and Govern-
ment is an inevitable failure. Nothing can save
them. The difference between us may be stated
in almost, one word: it arises solely from our dif-
ferent definitions of the word sovereignty. They
take the definition that obtained before the Rev-
olution and before the Constitution; I take that
which the Revolution made historically, and the
Constitution embodied for theory and practice. I
think that they are confused and in error on the
fundamental point. I will, in candor, however,
give them the benefit df according that many, if
not most of the buightest intellectual stars of the
southern hemisphere, did not, in my judgment,
have clear ideas on this subject. Sir, trembling
while I call the roll, to Adams and Hamilton and
Story and Webster of the North, I add Wash-
ington and Marshall and Madison of the South,
as men who, on this subject, were in almost as
much error and confusion. Sir, these are grand
authorities; and to put against them I have scarcely
more than two historic names—Jefferson and Cal-
houn"—to whom I have only to add the 4' still small
voice" of truth; truth resting on indubitable his-
tory, and imprcgnably fortified by logic.
It is an old saying, tliat the Constitution is wiser
than its framers. It is correct. It is an inspira-
tion. Nothing shows that more palpably than
that many of those most prominent in the con-
vention that formed it, did not fully comprehend
the sovereignty which the American Revolution
created, and that Constitution defined and estab-
lished; Mr. Madison among the rest. Now, sir,
what is sovereignty ? The great God is sover-
eign; and to him cach individual is accountable
for what we do here. I do not speak of that. I
speak of mundane and political sovereignty. All
the lexicographers define it as the 44 supreme,un-
controllable power; "referring, of course, oniy to
this world, and the political communities of this
world. Now, sir, m this sense, what is sover-
eignty, and ichere does it reside ? That is the ques-
tion between us, and with all the great authorities I
have conceded to back them, I will concede to them
still further, and May, that all history, and even all
political philosophy, down to the period of our
Revolution, sustain them in saying that mere lmm-
"bers—brute force—represented usually by the
army, constituted the sovereignty; and that who-
ever controlled that, was the acknowledged sov-
ereign; whether a tyrant or an oligarch—an em-
peror, a king, or a queen. Whoever controlled the
armed superiority, was the actual sovereign, and
there resided the acknowledged sovereignty. The
English, who claim, even before us, to have the
freest and most constitutional Government in the
world, date their freedom and constitutionality
from the battle of the feoyne^ They were won, and
such as they arc, they are still sustained by the
force of arms, and nothing else. Without stand-
ing armies, no Government in the world, save
ours, would last a month. They have all made
the same mistake which is often made here; they
have confounded sovereign power, which is con-
ventional,with sovereignty, which isan etemaltruth.
They do-not comprehend the American theory.
Now, sir, what is that? It is, that the people,
and no other, are-sovereign. Not the commander
of the army, (that, though composed of citizens,
yet overawing and controlling the people,) what-
ever sovereign powers he may usurp; nor the
counselors he may, in his discretion, call to his
aid as Lords or Commons; but that the people
alone are sovereign, invested of their own right
with 44 supreme and incontrollable power;" indi-
visible and inalienable, because nothing can be
44 supreme" that is divisible or alienable. What
people, I may be asked? Are they the mob of the
Agora or tho Comitia—the fierce democracy of
Athens, or the wild plebs of Rome, at once elect-
ors, lawgivers, and judges, led by alternate dem-
agogues? No. The people of the States; the
people who declared that they were 44 free and in-
dependentStates,"and absolved themselves from
all allegiance to the British Crown. In that act
they renounced the name of 44 colonies'" depend-
ent, and assumed that of "4 States independent;"
States already organized—under the repudiated
name of colonies—into political communities, so-
cial compacts, or patriarchal isolations, as you
may choose to adopt the hypothetical nomencla-
ture of Locke or Filmer; and long accustomed
to cxercise their proper sovereignty of the peo-
ple by the vote of a majority of them, subject
before then to the imperial veto of the British
Crown. This was the purport of the Declaration
of Independence, the achievement of the Ameri-
can Revolution, the corner-stone of the American
Constitution—that, in the people of organized
