1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, from theCommittee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 81) for the
relief of Elizabeth M. Cocke, widow of Major
James H. Cocke, late marshal of the district of
Texas, reported it without amendment, accom-
panied by a report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the presentment of the grand jury to
the circuit court of the United States for the south-
ern district of Alabama, in relation to injuries done
to the navigation of the bay and harbor of Mobile,
by vessels engaged in the oyster trade, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to^the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
80) for the relief of Jeremiah Moors, reported it
with amendments, and submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday ne\t.
INVASION OF STATES.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate to take up
the resolution which I introduced on Monday last,
with respect to protecting States from invasion,
for the purpose of fixing it as the order of the day
for Monday next, at half past one o'clock, when I
shall ask leave of the Senate to make a brief ex-
planation of the principles, objects, and necessi-
ties of the legislation proposed by the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves to take up the following resolution,
with a view to fix a day for its considuiation:
Resolved, That the Committer on the Judiciaiybe in-
structed to report a bill for the protection of each rotate and
Territory of the Union aganift invasion by the authoring
or Inhabitants of any other State or Territory; and tor tho
suppression and punishment of con: piracies or combina-
tions in any State or Teintoiy with intent to invade, assail,
or molest the government, inhabitants, propcrtv, or institu-
tions of any other State or Territory of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that it be made the
special order of the day for Monday next, at half
past one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE POWER OF THE SENATE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a bill for the pur-
pose of reference.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 92)
authorizing the courts to adjudicate the claim of
the legal representatives of the Sieur de Bonne
and the Chevalier de Repentigny to certain land
at the Sault Ste. Marie, in the State of Michigan,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move its reference to the
Committee on Piivate Land Claims.
Mr. MASON. I object to that reference. I
think it very important that the Sennre should
prescribe whatever it may think is a proper course
of action in the present condition of Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. I waive it.
Mr. MASON. I wish to try the question. There
has been prepared from the Journal a paper that
I will read to the Senate, showing what has been
the construction placed by the Senate upon like
occasions heretofore. This paper was prepared
in the Secretary's office from the Journals of the
Senate.
''First £krmov—Twenty-Sixth Congress—1839-40.
" Congress met Monday, December 2,1831). The House
elected a Speaker [Mi. Hunter] on Monday the 16tli, and
notilied the Senate on Monday the -23d, three weeks aftei
the tune fixed forthe meeting of Congress.
" Dunns; tins tune the only business done in the Senate,
was the presenting ot credential-, submitting resolution-.,
appointing the committee-', and executive business
" This delay in organizing the House was caused by file
New Jersey contested-election case.
"First Session—Thirty-First Congress—1849-50.
" Congress met Monday, December 3,1849. The Hou^c
elected a Speaker [Mi. Cobb] on SaturcHy, the 3-2d of De-
cember, and notified the Senate on Monday, the 24th,
twenty-two days after the meeting of Congress.
"During this time the business of the Senate was limited
to the piesentmg of credentials, submitting resolutions
granting leave to withdraw papers, appointing committees,
and executive business.
"First Session—Thirty-Fourth Congress—1855-56.
" Congress met on the 3d December, 1855. The House
elected a Speaker [Mr. Banks] on the 2d of February,
1858, and notified the Senate on the 4th, two months after
the meeting of Congiess.
" During this time the business done in the Senate was
presenting credentials, submitting resolutions, appointing
committees, presenting and referring memorials, petitions,
and papers, receiving and disposing of either by reference
or printing, or both, of messages from the President, (Includ-
ing the annual message,) and reports from the various
Departments.
"No bills were introduced, or any report made by any
committee of the Senate, until the House was organized."
These are the precedents taken from the Jour-
nals of the Senate. In looking back at what was
done, I observe that our predecessors here who
were able and practiced statesmen, not only had
scruples, but submitted to those scruples in re-
fraining from action, whenever sueh a proposition
was made. I find, for instance, m 1839, which was
the time when Mr. Hunter was elected Speaker
after .a delay of fifteen days, on the 4th December:
"Mr. Benton said, that though, in consequence of the
other department of the Legislature not being oiganized, it
would not be proper to transact legislative business, yet he
considered there would be no impiopnety in taking some
initiatory steps towards procuring intormanon as a Im^is of
futuie legislative action. He would therefore submit some
resolutions of inquiry, if the Chau decided that it would
be in order.
"The Chair deciding that it would be in order,
" Mr. Benton offered the lollowtng resolutions."
They are various resolutions of inquiry from the
Departments. After that,
"'Mr. Crittenden save noticc that he would ask leave,
at the earliest day it would be proper to do so, to bring in a
bill to authorize the purchase ot the private stock 111 the
Louisville and Portland Canal." * * * *
" Mr. Walker gave notice that he would ask leave, at
the earliest day it would be proper to do so, to introduce
the following bills." * • * * *
" Mr. Clay, of Alabama, gave notice that he would ask
leave, at the eailicst day it would be in older to do so, to
introduce the following bills." j
The resolutions of Mr. Benton, when they came 1
up, were laid on the table, and not considered, j
In December, 1849, Congress met on the 3d, but :
a Speaker was not elected until the 27th. On the
14th December, in the Senate:
" Mr. Berrien ro<*o and '-aid • I hold in my hand a reso-
lution for tlie present consideration of the Senate, if there
be no objection, or at some future time, as maybe the wish
of the body. The object of the resolution is to require the
Appointment of a committee to wait upon the President of
the United States to notify him of the tact of our organiza-
tion, and our readiness to receive any communication he
may be prepared to make in relation to executive business.
I have deemed it desirable, in the event of the continued
postponement ot the organization of the other branch of the
national Lpgislatuie, that we may occupy ourselves in
rran-iicting that lm-une<s winch does not lequue the co-
operation of the other body.*'
The resolution was then sent to the desk. It
was confined to business not legislative in its
character. Mr. Clay, who then represented the
State of Kentucky, and who was perhaps the
longest-experienced statesman in that body, in
speaking upon that resolution, offered m that
cautious and restricted manner, said:
'• With respect to precedents upon this subject, I am un-
advised, though I have no doubt they could be found. When
the same state of things existed a few years a;;o in the
House, it is well known that the Senate proceeded in the
di-ehaige of it* executive duties. But, sir, in the absence |j
of all precedent- in a case so rare and so much to be j|
regretted—such as that which exists m the other branch j|
ot Congtess—the importance of the ease will supply the jj
absence of precedent-. (|
"The only difficulty that occurred to mvmind related to 1:
the deference and respect due to the other House. But a |
moment^ reflection <<Uislied me that it was impovuble that 1
any membei of that House could take umbrage or oxcep- '
tion at our proceeding to discharge our executive duties." i
* > > x * * <r * >• •<: !
" The Senate, as i> well known, occupies two relations j
to the House of Repicscntative-—both a legislative and a j
judicial one; and a third relation, having no connection ,
with it—a relation to the executive depaitment of the Gov- j
crnment. Now, mi, though we are not able to co perate
with the House, it certainly forms no reason why we should
not perform our <mue.> as a component part of the execu-
tive of the country."
That Senator did not seem to entertain the idea
that the Senate, until the House was organized,
could proceed further than its executive duties.
Again, in 1855, the Senate met on the 3dofDe- ;
cember; but the House was not organized until ;
the 2d of February. I will call the attention of j
the Senator from Louisiana to the proceedings in I
the Senate in 1855, when there was no Speaker. ;
Various petitions were introduced and referred,
and then—
'• Mr. Sudell. In pursuance of previous notice, I ask
leave to introduce a bill to remove obstructions to the mouths
of the. Mississippi at the Southwest Pass,and the Pass a
l'Outre. I ask that it may be read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
" Mr. Cass. I thought It was understood that no bills were
to be presented until the organization of the two Houses
has taken place.
" Mr. Slidell. Not for the purpose of reference ?
" I'he President. The practice has been not to receive
bills at all before the organization of the two Houses.
" Mr. Sudell. I cannot see any objection to receiving
and referring them.
" Mr. Seward. It was decided, with the consent of the
whole Senate, yesterday, that bills could not be introduced.
"Mr. Rusk. It is legislative business.
" Mr. Butler. I doubt very much whether it is within
the competency ot this House to proceed to business b.efore
the organization of the other. We arc connected with the
other House, as a legislative body, by the Constitution. I
recollect that, on one occasion, the subject was very fully
discussed by some of the old Senators; and it was held
incompetent for this House to receive any bills before the
organization ot the Hou«e of Representatives, I think they
even went so far as to refuse to receive any initiatory meas-
ure, puch as a memorial, which might lead to legislation.
" Mr. Stuart. I understand that the Senatorfrom Louis-
iana does not urge the proposition.
" Mr. Slidcll. Certainly not."
And there it dropped; the bill was not intro-
duced. Referring to the Journal of the Senate, it
appears that during that long period of two month's
nothing was done; no step was taken further than
presenting and referring memorials, petitions, and
papers; no bill was introduced at all. I submit
that those are the precedents; and it is not safe,
in my judgment, to depart from those precedents.
Was this a bill introduced ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was a bill intro-
duced for reference. It was read twice, and a
motion was made to refer it to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. MASON. Then I think this is a proper
occasion to test the question I move to lay the
bill on the table; and on that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have—p-
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the motion, to en-
able the Senator to proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By general con-
sent the motion will be withdrawn.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but very few remarks
to make. Like the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, 1 am disposed always to pay great defer-
ence to the former precedents of the Senate; but
I have heard in none of those remarks which he
has cited any question as to the authority of the
Senate to proceed, if they saw fit to do so. It is
put generally on the ground that it might be dis-
respectful to the House of Representatives. I am
unable to sec any such ground. I am unable to
see, in all that I have heard, anything that would
render it improper or inexpedient, on our part, to
proceed with the preparation of legislative busi-
ness, so that we may be enabled to act on it with
more facility and safety, whenever, if at all, the
coordinate branch of the Legislature shall be or-
ganized. I can see no evils flowing from the in-
troduction and reference and reporting of bills.
The discussion upon their merits, the consum-
mation of legislative business, so far as we are
concerned, which would require a communication
to the other branch, should not take place before
its organization. There is nothing that I have
heard fall from the honorable Senator which has
satisfied mo that we have not the authority. There
is nothing I have-heard that shows me that there
is any inexpediencyor impropriety in our acting,
as far as I have proposed to act, by the resolution
which I offered yesterday, merely because the Sen-
ate has not declined to act in previous cases. "We
probably have had bu tone instance thatapproaches
the present, of a prolonged session of the Senate
without the transaction of any business finally,
in a legislative point of view. We do not know
when the difficulty will terminate; but I can see
no reason why we should not put our business in
a stage in which we may proceed to the discus-
sion of the merits of any measures before the
Senate, when the other House shall be organized.
It is wise and proper to stop there, in my judg-
ment. It is a mere question of expediency; but I
hope the Senate will adopt the rule which my res-
olution proposes, unless some stronger reason is
given in opposition to it than the mere fact that
hitherto, when a few isolated cases of an evil of
this kind have occurred, the Senate have not
thought fit to proceed with business—not that they
had not the power to do so.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, as the yeas
