THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Sess
FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1860.
New Series,.:..No^1S65
theprintingofthesePostOffice blanks When ho
makes that charge, will he be kind enough to state
whether the fault was with the legislative or with
the Executive Departmentof the Government that
abuses grew out of the law of 1852?
Mr. HASKIN. I will state, in reply to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that the fault in the
first instance, certainly was with the legislative
department, because the law passed allowed the
amountthat was paid. ButthoExecutive Depart-
ment of the Government, having the disposition
of this public printing, have conceded the distri-
bution of that patronage to the President of the
United States; and, sir, we know that the Presi-
dent of the United States has distributed the
printing patronage of the Executive Departments
among his favorites, and for the purpose of carry-
ing elections.
Mr. BURNETT. I trust the gentleman from
New York will let me interrupt him again, in
order to propound an interrogatory to him.
Mr. HASKIN. With great pleasure.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman has said that
the President has exercised the privilege of dis-
tributing this patronage among his favoutes. Will
the gentleman tell me whether he was following
the example of the President when he distributed
the little matter of the binding for this House to a
man who lives in his own district?
Mr. HASKIN. That is entirely foreign to the
subject nowunderconsideration; but I will answer
the gentleman. I am frank to confess, Mr. Speaker,
that I do like, in a legitimate and honest way, to
take care of my friends, and I do not think that
any member of this House ought to be upbraided
for doing so.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman cannot charge
me with upbraiding him. 1 only wanted to show,
when he denounced the President for distributing
his patronage to his friends, that the gentleman
Was doing exactly the same thing.
Mr. HASKIN. As a member of the Commit-
tee on Printing, I did vote to give out the binding
of the House, and it was given out to the lowest
bidders, and for the best interests of the country,
as all the investigations since have proved. In
this instance, in tlus matter now under considera-
tion, we of the Committee on Printing seek to rem-
edy gross abuses which seek to control, through
partisan newspapers supported out of " printing
plunder," public opinion; and to roach so far as
to control the elective franchises of the people.
Mr.BURNETT. Thegentleman has been kind,
but I hope he will yieldto mo for anothcrquestion.
Mr. GURLEY. As this subject of the binding
has been up before, and as a good deal has been said
about it, I wish simply to state that we gave out
the bindingat twelve cents octavo,and forty cents
quarto, while the Senate gave out the same kind
of binding at seventy-five cents and twelve and a
half cents, or nearly one hundred per cent, in the
aggregate more than the price for \yhich we gave
it out.
Mr. BURNETT. With the indulgence of the
gentleman from New York, I will make a remark
right here.
Mr. HASKIN. Are these interruptions taken
out of my time?
Mr.BURNETT. I hope not. Thegentleman
from Ohio has stated that the binding has been given
out by the House Committee on Printing at a less
rate than it has been given out by the Senate com-
mittee. 1 know that this matter involves a ques-
tion of veracity with which I have nothing to do.
T. he statement of a respectable gen tleman, vouched
for by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,]
is that the gentleman now upon the floor and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gurley] let out the
binding at a higher price, when there was a bid in
to do it at a less price.
Mr. HASKIN. This is getting up a new is-
sue, which is foreign to the resolutions before the
House. Let me say, however, that tKe statement
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gurley] has
been verified before the Senate committee, and the
statement referred to by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky proved to be untrue. i
156
Mr. BURNETT. I know nothing personally
of the matter. It is a family matter; and I take
the evidence of gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rather like the conclusion
of the gentleman from New York. I admire his*
frankness, and the philosophy which he proclaims
of adhering to his friends; for, saith the Scrip-
tures, he who neglects his own household is de-
void of faith and worse than an infidel. [Laugh-
ter.] We have permitted the President to give
out his patronage to his' friends; and I will not,
for one, deny the same privilege to the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. HASKIN. I must go on and conclude my
remarks.
Mr. HILL. I desire the attention of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania for one moment. Does
he think that it is necessary to shelter the Presi-
dent's piety by the remark he has quoted? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to say a word in reply
to a gentleman on the other side, in reference to
the printing of the Post Office blanks under the
law of 1852. Now, sir, the Executive Depart-
ment, after ordering the printing of these blanks,
had the power to prevent the duplication of the
same issues of blanks. One form would be set up
which would be used every day in the year; and
yet the Executive Department paid for the dupli-
cation of this form under the law of 1852. I think
that the Department had the power, and ought to
have reformed that crying abuse.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the Committee on Public
Expenditures, considering the necessity of some
reform in the public printing system—a system
which permeates all the blanches of our Govern-
ment—the legislative, executive, and judicial—in
view of the fact that the public printing is, to a
certain extent, a part of the law-making power
itself—thatcommittee, sir, to inaugurate a salutary
reform, have proposed certain joint resolutions.
Those resolutions embrace three propositions.
The first proposition is, that hereafter no person
shall be elected Printer of either the Senate or
House of Representatives who is not a practical
printer. The fact is, that the Printer to the last
Congress, Mr. Steadman, was not a practical
printer, and the present Printer for this House
is not a practical printer. It seems to mo to be
a contradiction of terms that we should elect a
shoemaker to be the Printer of this highly re-
spectable body.
The second proposition is, that the PublicPrint-
er shall give bonds for the faithful performance
of his duties. That was contemplated by the re-
port made by Senator Wilson in li-119. When we
consider that the public printing amounts to mil-
lions during one or two sessions of Congress, it
is only fair and proper to adopt this to keep away
political paupers, who cluster around the Capitol
at the beginning of every session of Congress; to
shut out the small newspaper editors and propri-
etors from the different villages of the Confed-
eracy, and to have responsible men, who are good
practical printers, elected Printers of the Senate
and this House.
The third proposition is, that the public print-
ing shall be reduced from the rates allowed by
the law of 1852, inclusive of composition and
press-work, forty cents on the dollar. Messrs.
Larcombc and English, who are now the Print-
ers (le facto of this House, have proposed to do
the whole Government printing for tWT> years at
forty-five per cent, less than the rates now al-
lowed by law, and to give good security for doing
the work expeditiously and in a workmanlike
manner. The evidence before the committee
showed that the rates may be reduced fifty per
cent., and that a fair profit may then lie made.
Larcombe and English testified that they were
willing to contract to do the printing, under Mr.
Wendell, if he were elected Printer, at forty cents
reduction on the dollar of the rates now allowed.
The committee ask that the joint resolutions
before the House shall be adopted. It will save,
they think, at least §100,000 every year.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman made a pre-
cise statement of the amount of printing ordered
by the Senate, and the amount orderea by the
House; what was that statement?
Mr. HASKIN. I will read from an estimate
furnished me by Mr. Towers,, the chief clerk of
the Superintendent of Printing,of the amount
of printing ordered to date, to be executed by the
Senate Printer, Mr. Bowman." I have not the
date, but it was made after the document sent
hero on the 2d of April:
" Senate executive documents, $25,000; miscellaneous,
$700; committee leports, $1,000; bills, $1,000; miscella-
neous printing, $300. The House printing done by ihe
Senate Printer, under the law of last Congress, which gave
him the printing of tlie President's message, because tiist
oidered hy the Senate, amounts to $7,887 ; the executive
printing, $7,000; and census blanks, $10,000 : Po.st Office
blanks, $10,000."
, And let me say, just here, that the profits upon
these census blanks amount to at least seventy-
five cents upon the dollar; and that Mr. Bowman,
as Senate Printer, will make $7,500 out of that
$10,000; making a total of $62,287. The agricul-
tural and mechanical parts of the Patent Office
reports—which, if ordered, as they will be, will
go to the Senate Printer, becausc they first ordered
their printing—will cost, to be paid the Senate
Printer, about forty-two thousand six hundred
dollars.
The following is the estimate of William Tow-
ers, chief clerk of Superintendent of the Public
Printing:
flstimatc of the amount of printing ordered to date, to he.
exccutcd by the Senate Printer—General Bowman.
Senate executive document?, about §-35,000
u miscellaneous documents, about  700
" committee reports, about  1,000
" bills, about  1,000
" miscellaneous panting, about    300
Total, about $-98,000
Ilou^e punting*  7,ii&7
Executive printing  $"3,000
Census blanks.. 10.000
Post OUtee blanks 10,000
  27,000
$62,287
Agricultural Patent Office report—
Senate, 15,000 extra copies, about $3,000
llouse of Representatives, say 210,000 extra cop
ies, about    19,600
$22,600
Mechanical Patent Office leport—
Senate, 7,000 extra copies, about  $6,000
House of Representatives, 20,000 extra copies,
about  14,000
$20,000
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood thegentleman
to make a statement of the gross amount of print-
ing ordeied by the Senate and by the House. I
would like to know what that statement was? I
believe one sum was $104,000, and the other
twenty-nine or thirty thousand dollars. I want
those figures. What are Lhoy?
Mr. HASKIN. 1 gave the estimate of Mr.
Towers for the cost of the printing" of the mechan-
ical and agricultural reports, and the other print-
ing mentioned in his statement, ordered by the
House and Senate, and printed by the Senate
Printer. That estimate amounts in the gross to
$304,827.
Mr. HOUSTON. How much of that estimate
is for the printing of the mechanical and agncul-
tural reports for the House?
Mr. HASKIN. For the Senate it is $,9,000,
and for the House it is &33,600.
Mr. HOUSTON. How many copies has Mr.
Towers, a clerk in the office of the Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing, presumed to estimate
that the House will order printed of the Patent
Office report*-
Mr, HASKIN. lie has presumed to estimate
that the Housewill order as many copiesprintcd
this session as it did last session.
* Exclusive of the agricultural and mechanical Patent
Office lepoit. If tne .santJ number ot copies of the<e two
lepoiN aie otdorod by the House that were ordered last
sebMori, th« coht will bo about $25,000.
