2482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 80,
Mr. HOUSTON. Will thegentlcmangiveme
that number of copies, and tell me how much
money it is estimated to cost?
Mr. HASKIN. I was trying to do so, and I
will do it it' the gentleman will permit me. The
agricultural report for the House, two hundred
and ten thousand copies, will cost $19,600, and for
the Senate, fifteen thousand extra copies, §3,000.
The mechanical part of the report for the Senate,
seven thousand extra copies, cost about six thou-
sand dollars; for the House, twenty thousand,
cost about fourteen thousand dollars; which, with
the other printing ordered and referred to, makes
a total of about one hundred and four thousand
eight hundred and eighty-seven dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. Now give the cost of the
House in the same way.
Mr. HASKIN. The House amounted to
$29,G99 19.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to know how
the gentleman explains that part of public docu-
ment No. 54, where it says: "Estimates of the
cost of printing ordered by the House of Repre-
sentatives from the commencement of the first
/session Thirty-Sixth Congress to the 29th o/
March, 1860." In this document there are va-
rious columns giving the items of cost of the
entire printing ordered by the House up to the
29th of March, i860. Now, the gentleman will
find that the cost of the printing up to that date is
$48,229 61. IIow does the gentleman explain
that? It shows that the gentleman is in an error
of only $20,000—only one half of the amount.
~ Mr. IiASKIN. 1 find that the column foots
up $36,986 34.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will find that
the footing is not completed, but that it is earned
over to the next page. It is rather a poser, I admit;
but 1 will give the gentleman time to look at it. 1
always sympathize with a man when lie gets in
trouble.
Mr. HASKIN. It is no poser whatever. I
have given the estimates down to the 20th of
March, and I have deducted from it the amount
of printing for which the House Printer is not
paid, under the law passed at the last session of
Congress. That is the leason for the error.
Mr. HOUSTON. What law does the gentle-
man refer to which refuses to pay the House
Printer ?
Mr. HASICIN. 1 have already stated that, if
documents bo first ordeml to be printed by the
Senate, the Senate Printer does the printing, al-
though the Hoi|so subsequently orders the same
document printed. Therefore, where we have or-
dered documents printed which were first ordered
to he printed by the Senate, the cost of the print-
ing ot such documents should be deducted from
the estimate, to show the tiue amount.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot allow the gentle-
man to escape upon that point.
Mr. HASKIN. 1 desiro to escape upon no
point.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is not correct
in saying that there is to be a deduction made
from this forty-eight thousand and odd dollais.
On the contrary, the gentleman will find, near the
bottom of the page, for printing Governor Ste-
vens's Pacific railroad report, ten thousand copies,
$7,787 28. 1 was mistaken, I admit, in suppos-
ing that this estimate did nut cover tluit lepoit,
because 1 had not the document then Ik fore me.
Mr. IIASKIN. What document is the gen-
tleman reading from ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Miscellaneous document
No. 54—the same the gentleman ha.-sin his hand.
It shows that ten thousand copies of Governor
Stevens's repoit are estimated lor, mid that the
cost is about eight thousand dollars foi the printing
alone. These are the orders of the House, and
not of the Senate.
Mr. HASKIN. To show the gentleman that
some of the printing oidered by the House is to
be done by the Senate Printer, I refer Lim to the
bottom of the document, where ho will iind these
words: c< those marked with a star were printed
by the Printer to the Senate." And what do you
find at the commencement? You find the three
largest items of the bill marked with a star. That
proves my statement to be turn. The Senate or-
dered the printing of these documents iirst. The
House subsequently ordered them printed, and
the Senate Punter did the work, and he is to be
paid for them.
But we are getting off upon very small matters.
I.f I have made a trifling1 mistake I will very
gladly and cheerfully correct it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HASKIN. I do not yield my time to the
gentleman.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is taking my
time. 1 do not ask him to yield to me. 1 was
saying that the gentleman's statement is not cor-
rect. [Cries of " Order !" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Adrain in
the chair.) The gentleman from New York re-
fuses to yield the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
York had abandoned the floor.
The SPEAKER pro temjjore. The Chair was
not awaie of that.
Mr. HASKIN. 1 have notabandoned the floor.
I propose to say, in concluding my remarks, that
the majority of the Committee upon Public Ex-
penditures have introduced a resolution embrac-
ing the three branches of reform to which I have
referred.
We propose, first, that a practical printer shall
hereafter be elected Public Printer; second, that
bouds shall be entered into, suitable in amount, to
be approved by the public officers; third, to re-
duce the rates at piesent paid for the public print-
ing, on executive and legislative documents, forty
per cent, in the aggregate.
Now, in addition to these propositions, the
chairman of the Committee on Printing [Mr. Guit-
ley] has prepared a bill, which hedesires to ofler
as an amendment, in favor of the establishment
of a Government printing office, with suitable
cheeks and safeguards. I trust that, in consider-
ing this subject, we will vote on each and all of-
the propositions; and I do hope that we will not
drop the matter befoie we have really adopted
such a reform as the people of the country de-
mand.
Mr. CLOPTON. I now offer the resolutions of
the minority of the committee, and ask that the
concluding portion of the report of the minority
be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
In conclusion, tlie minority repoit that, in then* opin-
ion, the most economical and least eoirtipuug mode oi ex-
ecuting the public punting will bo a combination ol the
piesent and the contiaet system, ba-.ee! upon the lollowmg
principles:
1. A Supeuntendcntof th^ Public Punting, a* at present.
2. That the Supeunieudent he placed in dnecl contact
and communication with the contuctoi or contiaetois of
the public punting.
That the Superintendent eontiaet loi the execution of
the public punitng, bindtnjr, lithographing, and ungiawng,
eitliei by letting nut to the lowest inddei, or by negotiation,
guaided In propel and salutai) re^tiieliuns.
The undeisigm-d lepoit the lohowing) evolutions :
ILcsolvd!, That the Committee on i'liutunr be instructed
to piep'ue and lepoila bill lot dom-,' the public punting,
binding htbogwipiiuigj and engraving, in aeooidance witn
the principle-, ol this, lepoit; and also, so amending the
piesent lawn astoiequue the Supeuntendent, conjointly
with the House and Senate Printing Committees, to li.\ a
f-tundtud lor ail the elates, of papei used lor public punt-
ing, and to ha\ e the .same bound m a book, as a public lee-
oid, and to invite pioposals annually lor paper to eouc-
sp.uulwith the sample ol the propercla-ssoliled; and that
the romraot, m every instance, shall be given to the lowest
re-pon>>ibie bidder, unconditionally, upon Ins executing a
pa,per and MUlicieiit bond.
lirsolrcrf, That hctoie any matter, except the regular
oiden. shall be .ordered to lie punted, the sanrcthall be le-
ieucd in the Committee un i'lintuig, who t-hall lepoit an
cMiniutc vi the cuvt, which shall be c-peulied m the oidei.
Wiieiea-i Thorna-, II. 1-V.id, Punter of the Iiouse of ltep-
ie?eiitanve.>. did, on the (kli da\ oi Maieh, lbtiO, cntei into
the lotlou'ing eoiitiaet with Haieoinbc U. English : " Mem-
orandum ol an agieement made and cnteied into, this 6th
day of ?.iareh, l«G0, by and between Thomas II. Ford, or'
the hibt pan, and John Laieombe and James English,
(doing a punting business under the name and style oi
Laieombe & English,) of the second part, witneveth : That
the said Fold, being elected Punter ot the House for the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, hereby agrees to enter into partner-
ship with the said Lareombe Sc English in the execution
of the punting lor the said House foi the time alorcsaid,
upon the lollowmg terms and conditions, to wit: the said
Lai combe fcc English shall furnish all lite necessarv uidte-
iiaK, cash, and Other mean?; to peiloriu and execute the
sani printing expeditiously and m nood workmanlike style,
ami to do it lo the satislaetion ami appioval ot the Super-
intendent of Public Punting. The said Lareombe lJng-
li-h do heieby guaranty that the profits of said punting shall
amount to twenty pei centum on thegross aggregate amount
ot the punting to be so executed lor the House afoiesaid;
and m no event is the said Foul to be in anywise liable loi_
the u>e oi occupancy of said materials in the execution of
the punting aloie&aid, or any expeiidituie or outlay about
the execution of the iuIcs aforesaid, the whole being done
at* the ehaige and cost of the *aid Laieombe & English.
It is luither agieed and understood that m me payment of
any money by the Tieasuier oi the United States on account
of "the Iiouse punting aforesaid, so executed by the fc>aid
Larcon>be & English, the said Ford shall pay over to them
the sum of eighty cents out of each and every dollar so ro-
eeived by paid Ford from the Treasurer aloiesaid." And
whereas the said Fold states in his testimony, m speaking
of said agreement, "they (Lareombe & Enghsh) furnish
the material and skill, and 1 put in my position, and we are
to make division of the profits." And wheiea^, by an act
of Congress approved March 3,1859, it is provided " that
the office of Printer, either to the Senate or House of Rep-
resentatives shall not be transferable either directly oi in-
directly, awl amy attwnpt to sell or transfer either of raid
office*, or any sale or transfer of the same, shall opciate as
a vacation and abandonment of the said ofjices, or either
of them:" Therefore, '
Resolved, That the contract or agreement made by the
said Thomas II. Ford with the said Lareombe & English
is in violation of said piovision of said act of Congress, and
is a vacation and abandonment of the office of Printer of
the House of Representatives, and that said office is here-
by declared vacated and abandoned.
DAVID CLOPTON,
T. C. IIINDMAN.
Mr. HOUSTON. In my colloquy with the
gentleman from iNew York, I had overlooked two
or three items to which I desire to call his atten-
tion. I find that there are three items where the
printing was done by the Printer of the Senate.
The one is, the message of the President and
documents, in full, $3,151 20; another, the same,
abridged, §2;050, and the third, the Finance re-
port,'^1,485 95. These three items make$7,287 15,
winch taken from the total estimated cost of the
printing of the House, (§48,229 61) leaves the
cost $40,942 46', instead of the sum the gentleman
mentioned, (§29,000.) This is from the official
document sent to the Senate by the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing, and it contradicts the state-
ment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. GUKLEY. 1 now ofler the following as
a substitute for the resolution before the House.
It is for the establishment of a Government print-
ing office.
The substitute is as follows:
JDe xt cnaeted by the Senate and Iiouse of Representatives of
the Wmted States of Jhnerua in Confess assembled, That
the Superintendent of Public Printing be, and is heieby,
authorised and directed to have executed the punting and
binding authorized by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, the executive and judicial department-*, and the
Court ot Claims. And to enable him to carry out the pro-
visions of thi'! act, he it* authorized to contract for the elec-
tion or purchase of the necessary buildings machinery,
and materials ior that puipose, said contract to be subject
to the approval of the Joint Committee on I'miling ol the
two IIiuisc-- ot Congress.
Sec. *dnd be it father enacted, That it thall be the
duty ot the said riupeuntendent tosiipeuntend all thepunt-
mg'aiid bmdinir, the purchase of papei, as hereinafter di-
ffered, the puichase of other ueee&saiy materials and ma-
chines, and the employment of proof-ieadeis, compositors,
pressmen, laboiers, and other hands neeessaiy to execute
the oideis of Congress and of the executive and judicial
depaitments, at the city of Washington. And to enable the
said Superintendent moie effectually to perform the dutyas
ol his oi'iet*, he shall appoint a ioieman of punting, at an
annual !-a!oiyot $'1,800, and afoieman of binding, at an
annual salaiy ol £1,500; but 110 one shall be appointed to
said positions who id not practically and thoroughly ac-
quainted with their respective trades. It shall be the duty
of the said toiemen of punting and binding to make out
monthly statements of the hands employed in their respect-
ive depaitments, of the money earned by each, and deliver
them to the saitl Superintendent. They shall also make out
estimates of the amount and kind of material icquned,
and lile icqun-'itions thcicloi, irom time to time, a^ it may be
needed, and shall receipt tor the same to the Supountend-
ent. And the said foremen shall be held accountable for
all mateuals to leceived by them : Provided, That the Su-
peuntendent t-hall, at 110 tune, employ more hands m the
public printing and binding establishment than the abso-
lute necessities ot the public woik may icqnire.
Sno. 3. kindle it further enacted, That said Superintend-
ent shall take ehaige of, and be icsponsible for, all inanu-
*eupt«i and other matt< r to be printed, engraved, or litho-
graphed, and cause the tame to be piomptly executed. And
he hliall lender to the Seeietaiy of the Tiea^ur.v,qinu teily, a
full account of all purchases made by him, and of all printing
and binding done 111 said office ior each ot the Ilou-scs ol Con-
gress, and tor each of the executive and judicial depart-
ments.. Foi the payne nt ot the wuik and materials-, theie
shall be advanced to the said Superintendent, fiom tune to
tune, as the public seivice may require it, and undei such
mlcb as the Sceietaryot the Tieasury may prcseube, a
Mini of money at 110 tunc exceeding two thndd of the
penalty of said Superintendent's bond. And the paid £u-
peuntendent s-hall settle the account of his receipts and
disbursements m the manner now lequired ol othei dis-
bumng ofiieerj': Provided, hoiucicr, That said Stipeun-
tendent shall not be allowed ciedit at the Tieasiirv for pay-
ments on account ot seiviees retuleied in said printing es-
tabhshment at iudiei piice^ than those paid tor similar
*•<*1 vices in the puvate punting and binding establishments
oi the city of Washington.
See. 4. *ind be it further enacted, That it shall he the
duty of the said Superintendent to ehaige hnnselt m a sep-
aiate book to be kept therefor, with all paper and other ma-
terials received b> him foi the public u>c, ^nd to tuiiush
the same to the foiemen employed by linn, on their requi-
sitions-, herein provided foi, as the public service may re-
quire, taking a receipt in all cases iheiefor fioui the lore-
man at the head of the department in which the papei, or
other material, hah been used.
