518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
arid nays have been called for, I deem it proper
to say a word or two, bccause those who vote
against the Senate's proceeding to perfect its busi-
ness may be placed in the attitude of impeding
the business of Congress; and I am aware, that
if the Senate should go on now to prepare and
pass certain appropriation bills to pay the debt-
ors of the Government, if those bills were hang-
ing here because they could not be received by the
other House, it would operate as a pressure on
the members of that House to expedite an organ-
ization. I, for one, am unwilling to take any step,
unless there is a very apparent necessity for it,
which may, by implication, operate as a pressure
on the other House to hasten its action. Suf-
ficient would it be to deter me from voting for the
resolution of my friend from Delaware, that in
every instance of this kind that has occurred here-
tofore in the history of Congress, the Senate has
invariably abstained from action. There are three
remarkable cases on record, in which, on each
occasion, the Senate has decided to abstain from
the action which is now sough'tat its hands. Mr.
Fillmore, as Vice President, in the chair, ruled
distinctly in one case, that under circumstances
like the present, there was no power in the Senate
to proceed to business. The views of Mr. Clay
have been read to the Senate. In the case that
occurred in 1855 and 1856, in a little debate in this
body upon a resolution being offered, the Presi-
dent said:
TJtc question is on taking up ilu; resolution.
14 Mr. iiuNitr"—
I note this because my friend from Virginia
yesterday seemed to adopt a different opinion:
<k Mr, IleNTtR. T mutely ri^c to suggest that I think it
is unusual to enter upon any biwn'\---of t!u-> ehuaetei
until the other House is organized. Tins resolution asks
the President to eoimnunieate with us in advance of Ins
annual message, I Hunk there i* no precedent tor such a
call tho President before the two Houses are organized"
,\nd ready to proceed to business.
"Mr. I have no paitieul.ir objection to the com.se
.•suggested by the Senator from Vnguua, tlumjih 1 do not
myself see that thoie ^ any imprnpiu'ty in puling tliU. i ev-
olution now." " *•<•**** •*
-< Mr. Hunter, I did not say tluu we had not the povvei, ;
but I merely t-uggesied that, it was unusual, in advance ot
the President's anmi.i! iiH!^;i e, Jo call for a special mes-
sage.51— Congressional Globe, Thuhj-Fonrth Congress, first
session, page £.
In another ease, which occurred at the same
session, before tho organization of the House of
Representatives:
Mr. Sudki.l. In pursuance of previous notice. I ask
leave to introduce a bill to lemove obntuiettons to tho
mouths of the Mississippi, at the Southwest Pass and the
Pass fi 1'Outre. \ a*k that it may be read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce,
"Mr. Cass. 1 thought it was understood that no bills
were to bo piesented until the organization of the Ilou>e."
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. Mason has read that.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I will not touch on
these precedents. Now, sir, in mv humble view
the legislative power of the .Senate is derived en-
tirely from its being a coordinate branch of Con-
gress. The legislative power js conferred on Con-
gress. We can legislate only when there is a
Congress. Although the passage read from the
Constitution yesterday by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, speaks of the House us the body to elect a
Speaker, when it declares that, " the House of
Representatives shall choose their Speaker and :
other officers," contemplating a House of Repre-
sentatives before the election of its officers, still a
common-sense view of it shows us that there is now
no House of Representatives. In fact we do not
know that a single member of that body is enti-
tled to represent the constituents that he claims to
represent. Their credentials have not yet been pre-
sented, they have not yet ben examined. There
is a great number of contested seats?, and they
may all be contested for what we know to the con-
trary, and they arc no more a House of Repre-
sentatives than if they were back, individually, ;
among their separate and individual constituencies,
I say, then, we have no legislative power, there
\n:in  no House in session, according to my judg-
ment; and this leads me further to say, that in my
judgment all thu bills which have been read once
have been wrongly read, they are wrongly on our
Calendar, they are wrongly referred, because there
is no more power to read a bill the first time, than
the second or the third time. With this brief ex- j
planation, I shall vote with my friend from Vir- j
ginia, [Mr. Mason.J
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I reiterate
what I said yesterday: that we do not feel our-
selves particularly responsible, on this side of the
House, for the course that the majority may see
fit to adopt with reference to proceeding to busi-
ness. I, however, as one member of the Senate,
am unwilling to be considered as disposed lo sit
here week after week, and month after month,
and do nothing, and attempt to do nothing, of the
business which we are sent here to perform. I
am willing to begin, unless it shall be shown me
that we have no right to begin. Rut, sir, I do not
pretend to any more industrious than other
people, and I have no disposition at all to contend
very strenuously for the matter, if gentlemen on
the other side of the House are disposed to do
nothing until that indefinite period arrives when
the House of Representatives may be organized.
I do not see the force of the argument of the
Senator from Florida, that by proceeding to busi-
ness we might bring a pressure upon the other
House which would affect its action and lead
to an earlier organization. If it would have that
effect, it certainly would not be a bad effect;
and I do not think the country would suffer if
any consequence followed our action, sueh as the
Senator has alluded to. That, instead of being
an argument against proceeding, would with me
be an argument in favor of proceeding, and pro-
ceeding as soon as possible. I do not suppose,
however, that any effect of that kind would be
produced. f apprehend that the House of Rep-
resentatives has been long enough in session now,
and that the difficulty between the members has
gone so far, and the minds of members have
become wo fixed, that they'are not likely to be af-
fected by any inference that might be drawn from
our action as to what our opinion was of the con-
dition in which they find themselves.
I have heard no argument on this point except
such as is drawn from precedents. Well, sir,
1 have o very considerable regard for precedents
when they are well considered, and the subject
is investigated; but not as much when I can
imagine, from what I have seen, that the pre-
cedents in those cases arose rather from an in-
disposition to proceed to labor than from any
very striking constitutional scruples in regard to
it. My friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
suggests that no vote was ever taken by the Sen-
ate on the subject. How did the question arise m
the cases referred to? Why, sir, during the periods
the other House was in this condition formerly,
it seemed that when the question arose here cer-
tain gentlemen whose opinions I respect—more
particularly, however, when they have investi-
gated a subject than when they merely express a
passing opinion—suggested that it might be well,
under the circumstances, not to proceed to busi-
ness. Was there any constitutional argument on
the subject? Was there any vote5 Was there any-
thing which amounted to a decision? Not at all.
I can very well imagine that Senators in those
days were very much like Senators in the present
day—and 1 confess I am one uf them—rather
willing, if a good excuse could be found, to adjourn
over from Thursday to Monday and from Mon-
day to Thursday again; but, sir, I think that no
inference can be drawn from that mere casual
expression of opinion, that it might be as well not
to proceed to business on those occasions, for it
amounts to nothing more.
The question is to be settled by a reference to
the Constitution, and on reference to that instru-
ment it appears that the very objection made by
Senators that there is no House of Representa-
tives, is met by that instrument itself—that there
is, in fact, a House of Representatives. Besides,
the want of a precedent on other occasions has
been supplied by the fact that the President on
investigating the subject came to the conclusion
that there was a Senate and there was a House
of Representatives, and he furnished both these
bodies with his annual message, so that the ob-
jection which was raised by tho honorable Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] on a former occa-
sion, is done away with. We are not attempting
now to do anything m advance of the annual
message of the President, although I think some-
thing was done before that message was received.
In my opinion this matter has not two sides to it.
It is as clear as anything can be, on an examina-
tion of the constitutional provisions, that so far as
we are concerned, being regularly organized, a
Senate to all intents and purposes, met at the Cap-
itol, in ourproper place, on the day appointed by
the Constitution to proceed to business here, we
have a right to do so. Of course we cannot com-
plete any legislation. That is not in our power.
Everything that we do is of course initiatory; it is
the beginning; but wo have a right to begin. We
should have a right to begin m my judgment, if
there were but five members elected and in their
seats in the other House, and we knew the fact, if
the regular time arrived and we were constitution-
ally m session. We can now proceed with our
business just as far as it is competent for us at
any time to proceed to do so.
What is the constitutional objection now to our
going forward, passing just what bills we see fit
to pass, and sending them the other House?
What becomes of them when they get there, is
nothing to us. They are there on the table, and
may be taken up at the proper time. There is no
difficulty about it. The objection that we cannot
legislate, if it means that wc cannot legislate finally
to any end and effect, iswell founded; but that wo
can initiate legislation is just as clear to my mind as
any other matter can be; and we can go precisely
as far with it as if the other House were fully
organized, and had done everything according to
law necessary to put them in a proper shape to
proceed to initiate legislation themselves, or to
finish any legislation that we may initiate in this
body. When Senators will show me any diffi-
culty arising from the Constitution itself—will
show me anything besides passing opinions that
have been advanced by other Senators on former
occasions, I may give some attention to them. I
would give a great deal more attention, however,
if it had been solemnly decided by a vote of this
body heretofore that we had no such right, and
decided on the opinions of gentlemen whose opin-
ions are entitled to great weight as constitutional
lawyers; but the mere fact that, at various times
heretofore, the Senate has seen fit to avail itself of
the condition of things in the other House to do
nothing, amounts to very little with me. It is a
sort of precedent for which I have very little re-
spect, however much I may have for the Senators
who expressed the opinion at that time.
Now, sir, I close as I began, by saying that, to
me, it is rather a matter of indifference what course
the Senate may see fit to adopt. If the question
comes up on our right to act, I must vote accord-
ing to my belief that we have a right unquestion-
ably to go on from the beginning to the end with
legislation, just as far as we can under any cir-
cumstances. I know of nothing that should pre-
vent us. If it comes to a question of expediency,
that is another matter, upon which a different view
might be taken by some gentlemen.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the Senator from
Maine sits down, I should like very much to hear
his suggestions on one point. He seems to assume
in the argument that there is a House of Repre-
sentatives. That seems to be taken for granted.
I should like to heai how the Senator makes out
the fact that there now is any such House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The gentleman says I
seem to assume it. T have a right to presume it;
I have a right to take it for granted. The consti-
tutional provisions point out how the members
of the House of Representatives shall be elected
and qualified. J have a right to presume in the
beginning that all that has been done. The time
is fixed when they are to meet. Then the Sen-
ator probably asks me, do you not know the fact
that they arc not organized? I answer, yes, I do,
outside, know the fact. Does that prove that it
is not a House > I say no.
Mr. MALLORY. Just here I would remind
tiie Senator that if he has a right to presume that
there is a House, that right exists whether mem-
bers arc there or not. He must go further, and
say the presumption is that the House is there,
whether they come from their constituents or not.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Well, sir, suppose it to
be so. If the Constitution provides for the two
branches constituting the, Legislature, provides a
mode of election, provides a time for the meeting
of the two branches of Congress, and one comes
here perfectly organized and authorized to pro-
ceed to business, but by some defect there is no
other, I say, even then, if the regular time has
arrived, there is no objection to the House that is
