96
36Tif Cong.... 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
    . ^z=z:
[January 25,
Organization of the House—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
States resided the only true sovereignty, and that
it was to beexercised through their votes, whether
viva voce or in the ballot-box. All history, all our
archives, designate, demonstrate, andlorever settle
this as the definition of sovereignty made by the
American Revolution, arid ils^ble result as a con-
tribution to political scicnce and progress.
"What, in a word, did all this amount to ? Sim-
ply to this: that people, organized, of course, as
people always have been who were not savages,
should, retaining sovereignty, or the ultimate,
indivisible, and inalienable supreme control in
their own hands, exercise it, not by involuntary
delegation to the armed superiority, controlled by
Kings, Lords, or their Commons, but at their
own individual discretion through the ballot-box,
and exercise it as potently as any despot on earth.
Yes, as potently as any despot. Suppose, sir,
that all the people of any State should refuse to
go to the elections for State Senators and Repre-
sentatives, where would be the State government?
Suppose the people of all the States should refuse
to vote for Representatives to Congress, where
would be your Federal Government? I make ex-
treme suppositions. But they illustrate the prin-
ciple that all power was acknowledged by our Rev-
olution to be in the people organized in States;
and peaceably, quietly, without aid of arms, or
the commanders of armed mercenaries, they can
fully undthoroughly control theirgovernment,and
demonstrate they are sovereign—"the supreme
power."
And, now, sir, apply this theory to the Terri-
tories. Are they organized and independent po-
litical States? Have they a people ? Can they
through the ballot-box fully and thoroughly con-
trol their government? No. They are nascent
communities, not organized into States, and they
can exercise no sovereignty buttlmtofbrute force.
The doctrine of territorial sovereignty is not
only founded upon an exploded theory, but it is
unjust and destructive to the South in its opera-
tions. It is a substitute for the Wilmot proviso,
and distinguishes against slave property just as
clearly. If property in skives be of equal grade
with property in everything else, then it is as high
above the reach of law as any other property.
Now, squatter or popular sovereignty operates to
except property in slaves from the class of other
property, and subjects it to an ordeal from which
all other is free. In  ne word, law only regulates
other property; but property in slaves ltdestroys,
or may destroy. Slavery can go into a Territory
only as property, not as an institution. As the
latter only can it be known to politics; and the
latter it does not become till the Territory is
organized into a State. When property in slaves
is regarded just like property in anything else,
this controversy will be settled, and not till then.
1 come now to the question, what is our pol-
icy ? Upon this point I shall speak only as a
southern man. The North and the South, with
different social and industrial systems, and with
diversities of temper, sentiment, and material in-
terests, are revolving upon the same Federal axis,
and developing their own peculiar types of pros-
perity and civilization. They presented to the
world the unparalleled and splendid spectacle of
sovereign States in harmonious association, and
of different systems of society and labor, work-
ing to matuiity thiough distinct but not necessa-
rily conflicting developments. Can the North and
the South fulfill their destinies in harmony and
reconciliation? Can the Federal Union be pre-
served? I will stand aside and let the future
answer the question. But, 1 will say that the
South, whatever else may perish, must and shall
be saved.
Sir, the great controversy between the North
and the South is diawing to a close. We of the
South stand upon n^ht, tiuth, and justice, and
we will not yield a hair's breadth. This Gov-
ernment must not be a foreign Government to us,
or it must perish. The policy I would urge upon
the South is, to prepare for the dissolution of the
Union. _ If the exigency does not arise, very
well; if it does, she will then be ready to meet it
promptly. If the Republican party should get
possession of the Government, the Union must
perish. It will not do to say that it will have
acquired it under the forms of the Constitution.
Form, 1 admit, is essential. By form you know
one insect from another, one individual from an-
other, one genus from another, one world from
another; but form, essential as it is, yields to
quality. The free States might, by agreement
among themselves, seize the Government, under
the. forms of .the Constitution; but the act would
have the quality of usurpation and tyranny. Sir,
the forms of the republic were preserved m Rome,
while tyrants were treading her down, while pro-
scription was consuming her life, and chains were
clanking upon hel* hands. The forms of a free
government often survive usurpation, just as the
casket may remain after the jewels have been
broken. Whenever a sectional party takes pos-
session of the Government, the spirit of the Con-
stitution will be slain and its forms will only hang
around a dead body. The South will resist, to
the overthrow of the Government, the ascendency
of the Republican party, because its principles
conduct to her destruction. No free people will
everallowits destinies to be controlled by another.
No distinct and positive system of labor and so-
ciety can safely be ruled by a foreign and hostile
one. And you declare your system to be foreign
and hostile to ours. You proclaim that yours or
ours must be destroyed. How, then, can we
commit the Government to you ? No; the South
will be blind and idiotic if she does not, in this
deadly but unnatural war which you have forced
upon her, resist your ascendency even to the utter
subversion of the Union. Your ascendency would
inaugurate a struggle more awful to her than war,
pestilence and famine; for it would be a struggle
of social systems, embittered by all the honors
of internecine strife.
The avowed principles, too, of the Republican
party are a proclamation of war against the South.
They are the condemnation of the fugitive slave
law, the enactment of the Wilmot proviso, and the
admission into the Union of no more slave States.
Though the fugitive slave clause was put into the
Constitution as the price of the splendid ccssion of
the Northwest by Virginia, and as the price of the
Government, too, you stigmatize itas savage, and
seek to reduce it to an mane and hollow mockery.
You would enact the Wilmot proviso, and thereby
exclude the South from the common territory, and
pronounce property in slaves to be inferior in right,
and immoral in kind. You would admit no more
slave States, and thereby contract the sharehold-
ing power within its present limits.
And why all this? Because slavery, you say,
is immoral, unjust, and destructive, and therefore
truth, justice, and religion, compel you to war
against it, and confine it within the nanowest
bounds. To restrict slavery and usurp the Ter-
ritories for yourselves, you arm the Government
with omnipotence, and substitute the numerical
majority for the compromises of the Constitution.
You will admit no more slave States, that you
may curb the power of the South; and you would
confine slavery within its present area, that it may j
perish through suffocation. You would build a j
wall of fire around the South, and wait for the j
time when the increase of population will f>ress j
upon the means of subsistence; when competition i
will pauperize labor, and society will shudder j
from famine into the embrace of servile war. [
But, if you of the Republican party had control j
of the Government, could you wait for the gradual ■
destruction of slavery in the States, by the oper- j
ation of natural causes? Would not fanaticism :
become fiercer through the possession of power? |
Would not an excited conscience urge on its zealots |
with a more consuming rage ? Would not the sen- !
tinient which united the free States, and seized j
the Government, compel the abolition of slavery i
in the States themselves ? Docs not our own his- |
tory prove this 5 Thirty years ago the anti-slavery j
party only asked for the right of petition; then ■
it asked for free discussion; now it claims the j
right to exclude slavery from the Territories; to !
abolish it in the District of Columbia; to reject a 1
slave State from admission into the Union; and ,
its teachings have been but recently carried out ;
in a bloody irruption upon the soil of a slavehold- :
ing State. Commit the Government to it, and !
would not its demands advance and its audacity ,
increase? What have we seen elsewhere? When1
the abolition of slavery in the West Indies was !
first agitated, the statesmanship of England op- ;
posed it. Mr. Pitt, with that keen sagacity which
made him almost prophetic, declared that, " to
think of emancipating the slaves, would be little
short of insanity." When it was proposed in the
House of Commons, Mr. Canning was " shocked
at its rashness," exposed its fallacy, and saved
the colonies. Though defeated for a time, the
anti-slavery party rallied again. It now attacked
the slave trade; it organized societies, and prop-
agated agitation against the slave trade alone, it
declared. So strong was the feeling against abo-
lition, that Mr. Wilberforce solemnly declared, in
the face of all Europe, that he had no such views;
" that it was against the slave trade, not slavery,
that his efforts were directed." Mr. Stephen,
too, a leading and influential anti-slavery advo-
cate, denied the charge "as stale and idle, as much
out of time as out of place;" and pointedly de-
clared, that the individual who presumed even to
mention or allude to the emancipation of the slaves,
might be "justly branded as an incendiary, and
prosecuted to condign punishment, as a mover of
sedition."
And yet, as soon as they got power, they abol-
ished slavery itself. But afew years before, they
denied that such was their purpose, and declared
the scheme to be " incendiary and seditious;" but
the moment they obtained power, they consum-
mated it,heedless of sedition and bloodshed: and
to the charge of breaking faith and violating their
professions, what did they say? They said :
" Nothing surely can be more untrue than the asseition
that emancipation nevoi was heard of till tin* abolition was
obtained. Assuredly the fullest avowal of their ri/mtA-TE
views was made by those wise, humane individuals, and
the distict notice of their intentions, when they tteated
as absuid the notion of perpetual bondage, indulged in tho
prospect of the vrfsknt generation witnessing the tiansi-
tion of slavery into free labor," &.c—Edir.burg Review,
No. 77, page 126.
Let the Government pass into the hands of the
Republican party, and now long will it be before
slavery in the States will be invaded? Are the
professions of this party any stronger, or more
sincere, than were the professions of Mr. Wilber-
force and the anti-slavery party of England? Have
not the Republican party, too, given the "fullest
avowal of it ultimate views," and a " distinct notice
of its intentions," by declaring that the " notion of
perpetual bondage is absurd," and bv urging the
transition of slavery into free labor? You need
not plead that the Constitution will interpose, for
they hold the Union to be consolidated; and, in
grasping the Government through sectional pre-
dominance, they will have subverted the Consti-
tution. No; the history of the past will be illus-
trated in the history of the future, if the South
submits to the ascendency of the Republican party.
Abolition of slavery, a war of races, depopula-
tion, and barbarism—these will be her doom.
I would, then, resist the ascendency of the Re-
publican party, even to the overthrow of the
Union. Its success would destroy the character
of the Government, and convert a confederacy of
sovereign States into the despotism of mere num-
bers. It would lay the hand of spoliation upon the
industry of the South, dry up her resources, and
closc the retinue of* wrongs by invoking or pre-
cipitating tho horrors of servile war. Against
wrongs and outrages such as these, the South
would be justified in every measure of resistance.
The shadows of the future arc hanging over her
pathway, and she is preparing for events. The
arch of the Union has already started from its
place, and it threatens even now to tumble in, a
heap of rubbish.
what a spectacle does the South now present
to the world! The South, with her matchless
ivsources, her splendid domain, and with millions
on millions of gallant people, still clinging to this
Union, though she knows it only by its oppres-
sions. What has she given to it m the past?
She has given blood and treasure; genius and
statesmanship; courage and arms. An illustrious
southerner roused the colonies to resistance; u
illustrious southerner led the armies of the Revo-
lution to victory; and illushious southerners built
up this Government fiom foundation stone to
battlement and parapet. Nor have her contribu-
tions in modern times been stinted. She gave the
men who led the Republic safely through the
second war of independence. She gave the men,
too, who, in the late war with Mexico, carried
your arms to the famed capital of the enemy, and
