1860.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
36tii Coxa.... 1st Sess. The Calhoun Revolution: Its Basis ancl Its Progress—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
illustrated them by a scries of victories, unmatched
even by those of Cortez. Splendid, also, as have
been her contributions to arms and statesmanship,
she has added no scanty, treasures to American
literature. In every field of letters she has left
her footprints; and when the names of all other
American authors are forgotten, save that of Fcn-
imore Cooper, the admiration of posterity will
continue to brighten round the memory of one
she has given to the world as the 41 great wizard
of American romance," [Simms.-] Yes, the South
has made a history, an empire, and a civilization;
and she can defend them all.
Why, then, docs the South pause in the estab-
lishment of an independent government? Sim-
ply because she is under the spell of the past, its
traditionsand its memories;and becauseshehopes
for a "returning sense of justice" at the North,
which may secure her safety in the Union. Day
by day the spell is dissolving; and when she de-
spairs of this "returning sense of justice"—and
many of her truest sons have already despaired
of it—she will shatter the bonds of the Union,
and vindicate her independence. Should the Re-
publican party succeed m the next presidential
election, my advice to the South is, to snap the
cords of the Union at once and forever. I appre-
ciate the superior entanglements and difficulties
of the border States, and will look, at first, only
to the States farther South. They must with-
draw from the Union, and establish a confederacy
for themselves. This they can do without dis-
turbing their social system in the least degree.
Their State governments aie sufficient for all do-
mestic purposes, and a federal one can be organ-
ised among themselves, in time to meet all foreign
nims or complications. What would such a con-
federacy have lo fear' Nothing. Absolutely
nothing. Foreign Powers would court her alli-
ance, and no Government on this continent would
dare to invade her.
This Union, great and powerful as it is, can be
tumbled down by the act of any one southern
State. If Florida withdrew, the Federal Govern-
ment would not dare to attack her. If it did, its
bands would dissolve (is ifmelud by lightning.
Let a southern State withdraw, and wherever her
flag floats, it will be lespected, lor it will be the
flag of the slavehokhng world. But touch it with
armed hand, and the whole South would rush to
its defense, and would emerge from the struggle
with an organized slaveholdingconfederacy. And
how vast would be the power of the South! She
is now more imperial than Rome ever was. if
by some cataclysm of nature, thereat West, with
its feitile fields and rich harvests, were lost to
earth, mankind would only pause for a moment
in contemplating the rum, as senile fearful catas-
trophe of nature. If the North, with its crowded
marts and vast factories, were at a single stroke
swallowed up in an abyss, commerce would still
move on, ancl the footsteps of power haitonly for
a moment.
But if the South could, m the twinkling of an
eye, be struck into pnnieval chaos, how would
it be? The civihzrd world would avert her face,
the advance of nations would bo arrested, and
every throm.- m Europe would be reduced to dust
and allies. Yes, the South has the monopoly of
tropical productions, and upon them hnnir the
destines of peace, civilization, ond empire. And
the South, with all these elements of power and
invincibility, is told that she is to be bound to this
Union through all the mutations of time. Ma-
zeppa is to be tied to the black horse, and, with
liungiy wolve.s pmsumg, to plumv madly on
through held and forest, across plain and river,
on and on and on, till both dying man and dying
beast tail shattered together. *
And, if she resists, what: She is threatened*
with subjugation. From whom come these impu-
dent and idiotic threat.. ? What sacrament of bap-
tism has consecrated tin se men into the commu-
nion of rulers" WiuUackievrmentsofarmshave
illustrated their escutcheons? Sir, if a noithern
army should tome down to subjugate the South,
it will be the first on-1 m our histoiy that has en-
camped on southern soil. Will it come now, when 1
it did not come m the trials of the Revolution' ■
In 37H1, when oil the forces of the British were
gathetms; upon the soil of Virginia, what help had
she from the North*
NPW SERTB? NO. 7.
Hear the remonstrance, of lier General Assem-
bly. It says:
" "Tis nut ft om the impulse ot uinity that they would re
member; pa->t tiansaetions ; but it is? ncceas-ary, m ordci to
wiest Virginia fiom thejoad of obloquv with winch elio
hath been oppressed by tho-e who uglily judge from de-
taclicd facts, and not from a collective view of public trans-
actions. Eie the war began, we beard the cries of our
brethren at Jlostoa, and paid the tax-due to distress. We
accompanied our northern allies dining almost evoiy pro-
gressive stride it made, where dangei seemed to solicit our
ardoi. We bled with them at Quebec, at Boston, at Ilar-
laein, at White Plains, at Fort Washington, atBiandywnn ,
at Germantown, at Mud Island, at White Marsh, at Sura-
toga, at Monmouth, and at Stony Point We almost stood
alone at Trenton and at Princeton, and dining the winter
campaign that followed.
'• hut when we camc to look for our northern allien, after
we had thus exhausted out powciMn thrii defense—when
Carolina and Georgia became the theaters of war—they
were not to be found. We felt that they were absent at
Stono, at Savannah, at Charleston, at Monk's .Corner, at
Butoid's defeat, at Lanncau\s Ferry, at Camden, at King's
Mountain, at the Cowpens, and at Georgetown. Whilst
we arceontnuungoui utmost exertion:- to icpaii the mighty
losses sustained in defending aimo-it eveiy State m the
Union, we at length find ourselves invaded, and thicatened
with the whole weight of the Ameucan war. When the
noithern States were attacked, the t-hnoeb of p'ipei credit
weie not only opened, but the lbicc ot all Aiiierica con-
eenteied to the point of dangei, Now, noithern and south-
ern department:- aie foimed, calculated nioic to starve the
onlv active war than for the purpose of common defense.
uLet it be leirrembered that Geoigia and South Carolina
are lost; that North Carolina, in a state of uncertainty from
continual almms. cannot furnish supplies, and that Mary-
land hath hunt only men; Virginia, then, impoveiished by
defending the 1101 thern depat tmeut, exhausted by the south-
el uwai, now finds, the whole weight of it on iiei shouklei>.
Even alter these departments weie formed, Congie--\ called
foi, and, alter groat exertion on our pan, actually received |
halt a million lor the noitbein annj. The wai having con-
vened its i.i<ie liom the noithern to the >outhem rJtattv, i
the mi mei, thu> exoneiated item the immediate obligation*. !
oi t'ie lrnion, m gh! have sei/,ed the opportunity oj com- :
pleting their lev ic--, w Inch would ha\ e enabled thern to
jetmn uitli accumulated \ eioi to our a- -•I'-tanee I>ut they
wete employed in a\ailing them-elves of ic-olution^ of
Congiess, i>\ winch they got ml oi then- Stat" panet at the
expense of the Union; wlnM YiuiiP'a w:« • leit t-trucilmg
under that un wield v load ttom u Inch no -'v it ion - could
disengage her; duinni the continuance <>t enoimoiif
expeiiM'^- she loiceu to yield to. or leave the ^oiuhem
wat to expue through famine.
'• Thus ntuated, oji only lecotir^e i. the wretched one of
inoie papei nionev, in addition to enoiiuou^ taxes, which
aie the inoie pec uliaily di^tie.-.-in:; a-, they inu-t be collected
whilst near ten thou-and ot om citizens, exclu-ive of our
regulai tioop-, are in the held A tax ot loin and a fourth
per cent, on a specie valuation of propeity; a tax or' thirty
poundj of tobacco and two bu-liel.- ot' coin on each tithe- ,
able; a t.ix ot three thomand beeves; a taf of tin ee thou- 1
sand htut> ot clothes; a tax ol seventy-lour wagons and ;
team*-, heMd< ■- many occasional seizine*. and othcrcollat- .
era! due*. all to be p-nd m the pie-cnt j ear, do. when r.dri'-d
to the emission - ot £-21.000 000 in tlnee months, prove th.it
Virginia bii'i not been unmnidiul ot the extraoulinaiy ;
cffoit- expected hom Iter.
"Thus exhausted with om foim"r exertion-,thus stiam- !
ing eveiy neive in pre-ent d 'lem-e, ptewd with a great
hostile aimy, and tin enieued u ith a greatei , Iv? et wilh ene-
mie . both-avajeand disciplined, the A-winbly o! Virginia
do, in behalf ol then State, and in behalf of the common |
cause, m Die ino--t solemn maimer summon the other State
to their assistance. They demand aids of men, money, j
and every warlike munition. If they ate denied, the eon- ,
sequences be on the bead.; of those who jel use them. The J
A-^einhly of Vngima call the whole world and hituie gen- 1
eiatiomto \vi(ne«-sthaf llievhave done then dutv, that they |
h.ue ))ios'>cuted the war with canve. tnev-,. and thev ate ill ;
icadv >.o to act, in coii|uaetion \\ ith the othei Slate--, as to
pioiecute U to a happv and ijouou.- p"nod.;'
In the tnaN of the Revolution, no noithern
army come to tin- aid ot* Virginia: will thevcomc ■
now, from lust of spoils and lust of power, to suh-
ju^atehei0 Sir,history is ivpeatin'j;it.self. Eighty
years au;o, when the colonies niurmurcd against
the unjust taxation of the Hnti.sh Crown, Lord
North declared he would conquer them to sub-
mission. 44 J will send," snid he •* fifty thousand
fculdieih to (onquei the rchellious colonic--:. If.
they xvilln^ot do, 1 will S'-nd one hundred thou-
sand. If more are meded, 1 v, dl send two hun-
dred thonsond '' "Weil, lii' V c'une. Th^ army
came, and the navv came: a.id lo! the result'
A few months a^o, f stood m the proudest hall
of England, and as 1 trod its aisles, decked with '
Hairs and trophies won from every land and clime,
i remembered that .she had earned from the groen :
homes of our sires only sham'e and d'-teat.
Let thes'4 praying men, of xvlirmi the member \
from Ohio [Mr. Ooitwi:.j speaks, <ome. Let the j
northern army come. The South will herself |
drive back the Black "Republican myrmidons. She j
asks no aid from mortal poxver. She has no more
compromises to make. She ou?ht never to have ;
made the firstone. Butshe has made the last con- |
cession tosa^e the Union; and, if pressed further, 1
she will burst the bonds which unite her with
faithless confederates; will pull down the Federal
temple; ancl, gathering up her household gods,
and with justice, truth, and the Constitution on
her side, will go forth to meet the future, leaning
on the arm of the Almighty. Free from restric-
tions, unworried by fanaticism, and with every
clog and impediment taken from her path, she will
fulfill ^er destiny; while civilization will gather
round her banner, as bright and beautiful as morn-
ing round the mountain spread.
THE CALHOUN REVOLUTION: ITS BASIS AND
ITS PROGRESS.
SPEECH OP HON. J. II. DOOLITTLE,
or \nscoxsix,
In tiie Sen-ate, January 3, 1860.
[REVISED BY HIMSELF.*)
Mr. DOOLITTLE said:
Mr. President: I desire to submitafew observ-
ations upon one portion of the President'?? mes-
sage, referred to by the honorable Senator [Mr.
Brown] who has just preceded me. I read from
the message:
" I coidialiy congratulate you upon the final settlement,
by the Supieme Court of the United States, ot the question
of slavery In the rj'emtoiies, winch had presented anaspeet
so ti uly foimidable at the commencement of my Admmis
tration. The right has been established of every citizen to
take his property of any kind, including slaves, into the
common Tcmtories belonging equally to all the States of
the Confederacy, and to have it pioteeted there under the
Federal Constitution. Neither Congress, noi a Teintoual
Logii-lntine, nor any human power, has any authonty to
annul 01 impau tins vested light."
And again, T read, upon the same page:
" Thiw has the status of a Territory, duung the mtermo-
: dinte pruod hom its fnstsettlement until it >-hall become a
State, been hievoeablv fixed by the final deeiMon of the
j Huptrnn' Comt.'"
j lu th" first place, sir, what strikes me with
gieat foiee if, the radical change in this opinions
of Mr. Buchanan within the last twelve years.
, Twelve years ago, he stated deliberately to the
- Amcricoiv-pcople that "the inference, in his opin-
j 1011, was irresistible that Congress had the power
to legislate upon the subject of slavery in the
Territories/' To-day, as'President, he declares
that—
" The light ha«? been established of every citizen to take
hi< pioprirv of any kind, including "slaves, into the com-
mon Tcrrilnrie-. helonsinsr equally to all the State-* of tin*
Conv<lora<"\ ,and to have it pioteeted thereunder the Fed-
eral Constitution ;51 and thatk- neitiiei Congress, nor aTer-
utou.il fiCg^latuie,noi any lnuiiun power.lias anyauthoi-
ity to annul Oi impair tins vested right."'
Sir, is it not most remarkable that a man of his
ability and experience, after having, at the ripened
age of fifty years and upwards, declared that the
cjuostion is so free from all doubt that, in his opin-
ion, the inference is irresistible that Congress has
the power to legislate upon the subject of slavery
in the Territories, should, for some reason, now,
in the later years of his life, after he has passed
the period of thnescorc, so completely change
his opinions on thus question as to maintain and
d«> dare that neither Congress, nor a Territorial
Legislature, nor any human power," has the
right to lesist the introduction of slavery into the
Territories of the United States, or " to annul or
impair that vested right?" What an extraordi-
naiy change must have come over the opinion of
this man within the last few years !
But, sir, the change in his opinion is no greater
than the rlunge which has conic ovci the opinions"
of hundieds and thousands in the southern Slates.
In 1S46, the opinion found few advocates among
the men of the South that Congress had not the
constitutional power to legislate upon the subject
ofcslavery in the Territories; and fewer still, that
slavery is carried into and protected in them under
the Federal Constitution. There were none at
the .North. It is a new thought; it is an after-
thought. It is not an original conclusion to which
men "s minds have come, but it is a part of a sys-
tematic attempt to revolutionize public opinion,
to promote what the slave power deems to be its
pecuniary and political interests. The leading
men of the South, having taken these new grounds,
have dictated to the party in power> during the
" For ibe original repoif, see page 300 Cong. Globe.
