1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
met going oil and initiating legislation just as far
as it pleases. What harm is done ? legisla-
tion can be perfected. We are constitutionally in
session as a branch of the Legislature. What ob-
jection is there to our proceeding? But much less
when, in point of fact, we know that there is a
House of Representatives, not only according to
the sense, but according to the letter of the Con-
stitution. We know that that House has assem-
bled; and we know that that House is proceeding
with reference to its organization. There is noth-
ing that requires us to wait until that organization
has actually taken place.
The Senator from Florida heard the discussion
yesterday, I presume, upon that point. Can he
answerany of the arguments drawn from the Con*
stitution itself? It is said that all legislation must
be by a Congress consisting of a Senate and House
of Representatives. Well, sir, there is a Senate,
there is a House of Representatives, according to
the Constitution. Now, sir, it is not necessary,
it proves nothing by way of argumont, that the
Senator should put an extreme ease to me. I put
the case that actually exists. We act upon things
as they are, not upon things as they may be; and
I am arguing this matter upon the existing state
of facts. What is that existing state of facts?
That here is a Senate duly and properly organ-
ized; that there is a House of Representatives met,
but not organized. Now, the question is, whether
an absolute organization of both is necessary in
order to enable that Qne which is properly organ-
ized and qualified to initiate legislation at the
proper time and in the proper place and under the
proper circumstances. I can see no sort of argu-
ment against the position.
Mr. MALLORY. The argument of the Sen-
ator from Maine is valueless, baseless, unless,
when you follow it out to its legitimate conclu-
sion, it is equally strong; and when you follow it
out to the legitimate conclusion, namely, that there
is a House m fact, because you presume it from
the Constitution, whether the members are there
or not, the Senator from Maine, with his usual
logical frankness, admits that he puts that extreme
case; that his argument does go to that "extent;
and we have the legislative power, because he
presumes there is a House in existence, when
m fact there may not be a member there. That
is the conclusion; and unless he can sustain that
conclusion his argument has no weight whatever.
The Constitution evidently presumed the fact that
there was a House. It never presumed that mem-
bers would come together and discuss a question
of whether they should organize, for two or three
weeks ata time. The presumption was undoubt-
edly that they would organize at the earliest day
possible to do the public business, and on that
assumed fact it went on to call it a House. I
repeat again, unless the Senator from Maine can
sustain the extreme conclusion to which his ar-
gument goes, then in fact there is nothing in it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator :
from Virginia renew his motion that the bill lie
on the table ?
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to protract the
debate, but I wish to say one word in reference
to what fell from the Senator from Maine. He
does not seem to have any regard for the prece-
dents of the Senate since 1839, now twenty years,
and assumes 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated how far I had
respect for precedents.
Mr. MASON. And assumes that they are not
to be taken for precedents, because there was no
vote on those occasions. Sir, they struck me as
precedents of the more impressive character, be-
cause there the whole Senate, after consideration,
after the subject had been brought before them,
deemed it a matter so clear that no vote was asked,
nnd no dissent expressed. The record shows
that no business was done, further than to refer
petitions. There has been brought to my notice
since I spoke last, by the honorable Senator from
Florida—the investigation was made for me this
morning in a hurried manner—the fact that the
Vice President, the Presiding Officer of the Sen-
ate, Mr. Fillmore, upon this question made a !i
decision that was acquiesced in at once. !
Mr. Underwood, a Senator from Kentucky,
gave notice of his intention to ask leave to intro-
duce a bill on the 11th of December, 1849. It
was objected to. Mr. Underwood said:
"Mr. Underwood. I am not very well versed, sir. in
strict parliamentary usa«< , but I supposed that sucb a no-
; tice as i have given wouid be m order. We are sufficiently
i oiganized, I apprehend, toi putpo-c* of this t-ort, although
i we Itovc no committees- as vrt. The notice is a mete warn-
ing to flu; Senate of what a member designs to biing for*
; waid at a futuie day. t am not aware of any restriction
upon the giving ot such warning. It seems to me to ne
fully time, at all events, to make some movement in the
business of the session.
"The Vice President. Does the Senator desire the
opinion of the Cnair upon the question as to whether it is
in order to give tine notice at ihi^ timer
"Mr. Underwood. 1 should certainly be glad to have
the point determined."
Mr. Footc, of Mississippi, interposed at this
point with a suggestion on the subject, and then
the Vice President gave his decision:
"The Vice President. The impression of the Chair
is, that no proceeding connected with legislative business
can be had until both Houses ate organized. As nonce of
the intioductton of a bill is a necessary antecedent step to
the introduction of a bill, and one which relates to the busi-
ness of legislation, in the opinion of the Chair it ib not now
in order to giv<> &ueh notice.
" After an interval of some time, there being no business
before the Senate—
"On motion, the Senate adjourned."—Congressional
Globe, Thirty-First Congress, first session, page 15.
I have always boon educated, Mr. President,
to have great respect for precedent*. They are
not binding, if you please; one Senate can undo
the acts of another; but here there were but three
occasions in the last twenty years when the same
state of things existed in relation to the other
legislative branch which exists now; and on all
three of those occasions the thing was so manifest
to the mind of the Senate at that day, that it was
not pressed. I move to lay the bill on the table,
as a test question.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me to
make a single suggestion *
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to suggest that I
think it would be proper, if this is intended as a
precedent, to put it in a more expressive form,
and that a vote on the resolution of the Senator
from Delaware will do it; because a simple mo-
tion to lay the bill on the table may be construed
differently. The resolution of the Senator from
Delaware meets the whole case.
Mr. MASON. I was not aware that there was
such a resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask that my resolution be
taken up. I am perfectly willing to take a vote
on it without debate.
Mr. MASON. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
that the bill be refeired to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr. BINGHAM. I withdraw the motion, if
the question can be taken on the resolution of the
Senator from Delaware.
Mr. PI ALE. Then I move to take up the res-
olution of the Senator from Delaware. Perhaps
we can have a vote on that without debate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to move to refer the
bill which has been introduced by the Senator
from Michigan.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is now a
•motion before the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I presumed I could move to
refer the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
now before the Senate; it is to take up the follow-
ing resolution of the Senator from Delaware:
Resolved, That until notice shall have been received from
the Hou^e of Representatives of its oiganizauon, the Sen-
ate will not pioceed to the third leading of any bill or mint
resolution, or the final action on any business requiring the
concuncnce of the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. That resolution does not cover
the question at all. It does not come within the ,
precedents. I move to lay the resolution on the I
table, so as to test the question in the original way I
I proposed. ;
Mr. BROWN and others called for "the yeas !
and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hop.' the Senator from
Virginia will withdraw his motion for the present.
Mr. MASON. Certainly, to accommodate the :
Senator. ;
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely wish to ask a j
question of the Senator from Virginia; and that
is, whether his motion to lay this bill on the table, 1
if it comes up, is designed as a test question on
the right or on the expediency; because Senators
may vote differently on those questions. I mi^ht
or might not be disposed to vote for the resolution
because it is a mere question of what we will do,
but it does not settle anything as to the right of
proceeding. If you want to have a precedent, let
us make one directly.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that the res-
olution docs settle the right; because it proposes
to go through with the first stages of a bill. If
we have a right to do that, we have a right to go
further. On the question of expediency, it seems •
to me the resolution is right. I think it effects
the precise purpose which the gentleman who of-
fered it desires.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I ask that it may
be read again. Perhaps I misapprehended its
purport.
The resolution was read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Infercntially, perhaps, it
docs settle the question of power.
Mr. BAYARD. • The resolution assumes the
right of the Senate to act, but determines that we
will not, on grounds of expediency, proceed to
that stage of any bill or resolution where discus-
sion arises on its merits. We propose to stop
there, from respect to the other House; but, as a
matter of expediency, to put our business in such
a state that we can go on with it rapidly, when-
ever the other House shall be organized. I have
yet heard no argument against the constitutional
power, except the decision of a former Vice Pres-
ident, as a question of impression; that is all.
There is no reason given in the decision of Mr.
Fillmore: " it is the impression of the Chair," was
his language, without any reason in support of it
whatever. I am as willing as any one to be bound
by precedent to all proper extent; but there has
been no decision by the Senate that we have not
this power; and in my judgment, it would bl dan-
gerous to make adecision thatwo have not. There
may be circumstances under which it would be
the duty of the Senate to proceed to a certain ex-
tent; and certainly I see no reason why we should
be detained here, doing nothing and having noth-
ing to do, when we can be preparing business,
without trenching upon courtesy to the House of
Representatives, and without the most distant
approach to a want of courtesy, by limiting our
action so that we shall not take afinal proceeding
which would necessarily require transmission to
them. I sec no reason why, in regard to the in-
terests of our constituents, with legislative pro-
priety and legislative authority, we should not
proceed as far as the resolution contemplates.
Mr. FOSTER. This resolution, Mr. President,
it is said, grants the power of the Senate, in its
present condition, to act legislatively; and the
Senator from Delaware proposes that we exercise
this power up to a cr rtain point, and say that we
will stop there. I think the resolution may be
misunderstood—certainly as it respects the reason
why wo stop at a certain stage. Some may think
that we stop at that stage because we have not the
constitutional power to go further. Some may
think and understand the resolution to mean,not
that, but that we have power to carry legislation,
so far as we are concerned, through al! its stages,
but stop at a certain point out of courtesy, as the
Senator from Delaware says, to the other House,
or on grounds of expediency. Well, sir, if this
resolution grants, as it is said it does, and as I
think it does, the power of the Senate to act in
their legislative capacity, I am opposed, for one,
to saying that we will not heieafter act, until the
other House shall be organized, beyond a certain
stage, when we have the power to act fully. It
seems to me it is sufficient if we arc wise enough
for the exigencies of to-day, without saying pos-
itively what we will do hereafter. I am therefore
opposed to the passage of the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have a suggestion to
make in confirmation of what my friend from
Connecticut has said. Suppose that I am very de-
cidedly in favor of proceeding to pass bills through
all their stages, and. desiring to do so, I vote
against the resolution: my vote, considering that
as a test, is placing m", without an explanation, in
the position of denying our power to do anything.
It may be so construed because I vote against the
resolution. My friend from Connecticut is in the
same condition. It evidently appears, also, on
the other Wand, that a Senator may vote for it on
