i54a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
stand, at the instance of the gentleman from Ohio,
him-self, malting it in order to move that an ap-
propriation bill be made a special order in com-
mittee, which motion may be carried by a major-
ity vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is not an appropria-
tion bill. The question is on a Senate amend-
ment, which has nothing to do with the original
bill at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire that the gentleman
shall understand me. The final action of the House
upon the bill itself depends upon the amendment;
because, if the amendment of the Senate is not
acted on, the bill itself is lost. The purpose for
which the rule was adopted was, that the appro-
priation bills should be acted upon as soon as pos-
sible; and this amendment of the Senate, being
now" attached to the bill, becomes a part of it, so
far as the purpose of the rule is concerned, be-
cause, unless the amendment is acted on, the bill
cannot be passed. Hence the same reason, the
same propriety, and the same necessity which
shofald make an appropriation bill a special order,
apply with equal force to making Senate amend-
ments to an appropriation bill also a spocial order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is well to sfittlc this mat-
ter right, and we might as well have a vote upon
it. The House has passed a bill making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy,
appropriating two, three, or four hundred thou-
sand dollars. The Senate has placed upon it a
proposition which has no connection at nil with the
Military Academy, appropriating over a million
dollars for a regiment down in Texas. Now, I do
not know whether a regiment, is needed there or
not. 1 do not know whether the regular troops are
there or not. They may be there, acting for the
protection of the people on the frontier, and there
may be need of this regiment.
Mr. HOUSTON. That will all be considered
when we come to discuss the Senate amendment
in committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Just wait a minute, tmd I
will conclude what I have to say. The Senate hap
loaded this bill down with this amendment, and I
say that it is better that the bill should not bo
acted on at all, and that another bill should be re-
ported and passed for the support of the Military
Academy, than that the. whole business of the
House should be blocked up and loaded down by
such amendments upon the part of the Senate. If
this practice is to be established that the Senate
amendments to appropriation bills, as well as the
bills themselves, are to be made special orders,
you put the whole business of the House under
the control oftlie Senate. They may put whatever
measures they choose upon our bills, and force us
to consider them as special orders. I putit to gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, suppose
the Senate had placed upon the bill which we
passed the other day for the support oftlie Army,
a bill to establish a number of Territories, or for
anything else, having no relation whatever to the
subject-matter of the bill itself: a majority of the
House, if this practice be adopted, may make the
amendmentof the Senate a special order; and thus
all the business of the. House may be blocked up
and controlled by the Senate. I say it is not right,
it is not fair; and I insist that the House shall not
establish such a practice.
Mr. REAGAN. Then the people of Texas are
to be left the satisfaction of "knowing that they are
to be robbed and murdered, in accordance with
the rules of the House of Representatives.
Ml'. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the Chair may decide this question,
and decide it precisely in accordance with what
was the understanding of the House in the adop-
tion of the rule. No debate is in order, unless
some gentleman appeals from the decision of the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that he cannot with any propriety discriminate in
reference to any particular section or amendment
to a bill. The character of the bill itself is what
should be ascertained, and the Chair thinks a mo-
tion to make this bill a special order is in order
under an express rule of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question before the
House is, whether this is to be made a special
order; and that question is debatable.
The SPEAKER. The question of priority of
business is not debatable.
Mr. MAYNARD. How docs this question
come before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It came before the House by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. When this was introduced
there wasno objection.
Mr. MOHRILL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio not to interpose objection. I withdrew
iny objection solely on the ground that this should
not be made a special order.
Mr. SHERMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Allen, Thomas L. Andeison,
Ashmore, JBarksdalo, Barr, Blake, Bonham, Botelcr, Bou-
lignv, Brabson, Bianeh, Bnggs, Bristow, Burnett, John B.
Clark, Clopton,Cobb; John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James
Craig, Curry, Curtis;, De Jamette, Dimmick, English, Fos-
ter, rouke, Hamilton, lineman, John T. Hairis,Hatton,
Ihndman, Iloiman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson,
Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Logan, Love, Malloiy, Charles D.
Martin, Maynard, McClemand, McQueen, McRae, Mill-
son, Isaac N. Mollis, Nel! on,Niblack, Noell, Pugh,Q,uarles,
Reagan, R-iggs, James U. Robinson, Schwartz, Scott,
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William N, II. Smith,
Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Theaker,
Thomas, Vallandigham, Vancc, Webster, Wmslow, and
Woodson—77. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, AllcjftWilliam C.Anderson,
4 Ashley, Babbitt, Bingham, Biayton, Buffinton, Burioughs,
Butteiiield, Carey, Carter, Cast,Colfax,Crawford, Dawes,
Delano, Duell,Dunn,Edgerton, Edwards,Eliot, Ely,Eliier-
idge, Fcnton, Frank, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Hall,
Jlclmick, Hicknjan, Hoard, Hutching, Junkin, Kenyon,
Killmger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker, Lovejoy,
McKean, MeKnight, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Moor-
head, Morrill, Nixon, Ohn, rainier, Peiry, Pettlt, Porter,
Totter, Pottle, Pryor, Rice, Koyco, Scranton, Sherman
, Pottle, „ ,
Spauldmg, Spinner, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokos;
Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train, Tiimble,-
Vamievci, Van Wyck, Vorrec, Waldron, Walton, Cad-
tfalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, IsiaW Wash-
burn, Wells, Wilson. Window, and Woodrutf—84.
So the House refused to make the bill a special
order.
During the vote,
Mr. FERRY stated that he had paired with Mr.
Maclay.
Mr. GARTRELL suited that he had been de-
tained at homp by illness for several days, and
had been paired with Mr. Irvine. The pair still
continued.
Mr. VANCE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Leach, was compelled to leave the city on im-
portant business.
Mr. STUATTON stated that Mr. Whiteley
was paired with Mr. McPiiersok.
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ruffin, was detained at his roo'm by illness.
Mr. FLORENCE, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave-to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he would have
voted in the affirmative.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr.HiCKEY,its Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rcncc ef the House:
An act (No. 4) concerning appeals and writs oi
error;
An act (No. 5) to supply vacancies in certain
offices; and
An act (No. 340) to carry into effect a conven-
tion between the United States and the Republic
of Paraguay.
Also, that the President of the United States
had informed tho Senate that he had approved and
signed an act (S. No. 247) for the relief of Mary
E. Castor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 7)
to punish and prevent the practice of polygamy
in the Territories of the United States, and other
places, and disapproving and annulling certain
acts of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Utah; on which the gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Keitt] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KEITT addressed the House in opposition
to the bill. [His remarks will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, I send to the
Clerk's desk an amendment which I desire to in-
dicate, and I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk "read, as follows:
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, That every person who shall, in
the Territory of Utah, commit the crime of adultery, shall
be punished by imprisonment not moie than three years,
or by fine not more than five hundred dollars, and when
the crime is committed between a married woman and a
man who is unmarried, the man shall be deemed euilty of
adultery, and be liable to the samei>unislimenl. *
Sec. 2. Beit further enacted, That if any person who has
a former husband or wife living, shall in said Territory
marry any other person or persons, or shall-in said Terri-
tory continue to cohabit with such second or other husband
or wife, he or she shall be deemed guilty of the crime of
polygamy, and shall be punished by imprisonment not more
than five years, or by fine not exceeding one thousand dol-
lars.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That if any man or woman
not being lawfully married to each other shall in said Ter-
ritory lewdly and lasciviously associate and cohabit to-
gether, or if any man or woman, married or unmarried,
shall in said Tei ntory be guilty of open-and gross lewdness,
every such person shall be punished by imprisonment not
exceeding thiee years, or by fine not exceeding five hun-
dred dollars.
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That if any person shall in
said Territory commit fornication with any single woman,
each of them shall be punished by imprisonment not more
than one year, or by fine not exceeding one hundred dol-
lars. /-
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman from
Massachusetts proceeds with his remarks, I wish
to make a proposition to the House, which I be-
lieve will bo concurred in, as there are very many
gentlemen who desire to participate in this debate,
and who cannot do it unless the time to be occu-
pied by each one shall be quite limited. My prop-
osition is, that after the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts shall have pr^ented his views at such
length, under the rule, fis he may choose, no
member shall speak more than twenty minutes.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. REAGAN objected.
Mr. GOOCH. It seems to be conceded on all
sides of the House that polygamy, admitted to
exist in the Territory of Utah, is a crime, or,
rather, is an evil which should be mado a crime,
and be punished by law. It is, sir, an evil which
corrupts the morals of the community, pollutes
the blood, and confounds all title to property.,
Now, there arc before this House some four
methods, proposed for reaching and providing a
remedy for this evil. The first is a bill reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary. The aiaend-
ment which I have submitted does not differ in
its general principles from the bill of the com-
mittee, but only in its details; and so far as its
applicability to Utah is concerned, it differs in
one important particular, but only seeks to reach
more effectually, by specific definition and detail,
the object sought by the committee. The amend-
ment I have proposed does not apply to any Ter-
ritory except the Territory of Utah; and as I go
on I will point out to tho House why I have
made this limitation in my amendment.
Mr. COX. I did not distinctly hear the amend-
ment of the gentleman read; and I -would like to
ask the gentleman a question or two explanatory
of it. I do not understand whether your amend-
ment includes the crime of aduhery committed in
theTerritoryof Kansas, where,1 understand,one
hundred and twenty divorces were granted in one
year on account of the practice of free-love prin-
ciples. I want also to know whether youramend-
ment will cover the Indians in the Territories of
the United States, who now, in Minnesota and
other Territories, are living in bigamy and polyg-
amy ?
Mr. GOOCH. If the gentleman from Ohio had
listened to me, instead of interrogating me, he
would already have understood that mv amend-
ment applies only to the Territory of Utah.
Mr. COX. I wanted an explanation of it.
Mr. GOOCH. The first proposition before the
House is the bill of the Judiciary Committee. I
agree with the general provisions of that bill. 1
believe that this Government lias the power, and
that it is its duty to exercise that power, to enact
laws making polygamy a crime in tho Territory
of Utah, and provide an adequate punishment for
their infraction. And, sir, I was not a little sur-
prised when my colleague [Mr. Thayer] yes-
terday made use of the following language:
" Now there seems, as I said before, to be a feeling in this
House, not known in the community at all, winch could be
accounted for only on the supposition that polygamy never
was heard of till to-day. There is a spasm, sir, of morality,
