9S
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 3,
36th Cong....1st Sess. The Calhoun Revolution: Its Basis and Its Progress—Mr. Doolitfle.
Senate.
last and present Administration, a change in its
opinions and its policy.
A distinguished gentleman, the Vice President
of the United States, for whom I entertain the
highest respect, in a late speech delivered in Ken-
tucky, used the following language, speaking of
the different state of circumstances under which
the men of the South now find themselves, com-
pared with what it was ten years ago:
" We have the Executive; we have the laws; we have
the decisions of the courts; and that i!> a great advance
from where we stood ten years ago."
In February, 1847, Mr. Calhoun introduced in
the Senate a resolution declaring, for the first
time, this doctrine, that the Constitution, of its
own force, guaranties the right to take slaves
into the Territories of the United States; and, at
the same time, another resolution denying the
power of Congress to inhibit it. Up to that time,
very few, among the prominent men at the South,
assented to that doctrine. Un$er his lead, how-
ever, they have changed their ground, and have
changed the ground of the Democratic party,
using its organization to force on a revolution in
opimon on this question; and, to a very great
extent, I confess, they huve already succeeded
with those who still act with that party.
I do not deny that they voted against the con-
gressional prohibition sought to be applied in
1846; but what I say is this: that there were very
few of them who took the ground at that day that
the Congress of the United States, under the Con-
stitution, had not the power to make the prohibi-
tion, if they sought to apply it. Sir, the whole
history of this Government, from the beginning
down to 1847, was a history of prohibition or
limitation of slavery on the part of Congress; and
there never was an act organizing any Territory
under the authority of the United States, which
did not in the act itself recognize the power of
Congress to legislate upon the subject of slavery
previous to 1847; but I shall have occasion to
refer to them more in detail hereafter.
J desire for a single moment now to inquire
into, and, if possible, probe this thing to the
bottom, and see what lias brought about this
revolution of sentiment upon this question. The
truth is, that the South huve changed their ground
on the whole subject of slavery—slavery in the
abstract, and slavery in its relations to the legis-
lative and judicial powers of this Government.
We of the Republican party stand where our
fathers stood, where your fathers stood, and
where you yourselves stood but a very few years
ago, on this question of slavery. You then, and
your fathers always, admitted slavery to be an
evil, to be tolerated as a necessity until you could
see your way to get rid of it; but vou did not
take the ground that slavery was a blessing and
in accordance with natural right.
You have not, until recently, assumed the doc-
trine that the natural and normal condition of the
laboring man is that of a slave. It is within the
last few years that this doctrine has been promul-
gated at the South, and I grant that there it has
made and is making most rapid strides. It reaches
your schools, and it reaches your churches, and
it reaches vour public journals.
Mr. CtlESNUT. With the permission of the
Senator from Wisconsin, I deny that the position
at the South is that the normal condition of the
laboring man is that of slavery. The position is,
that the normal condition of the African among
us is that ofslavery,-and the proper condition, ft
is the true and only beneficial relation. That is
the ground we assume as the position, not of the
white laborer, but of the African laborer, in this
country.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 understand, Mr. Presi-
dent, that some of the leading men and journals
of the South, in defending slavery, do not under-
take to justify it on the ground of negro slavery
alone. The Review of Mr. De Bow, the Rich-
mond Enquirer, the Charleston Mercury, the
Richmond Examiner, and the book published by
Mr. Fitzhugh, which was commended very gen-
erally by the leading Democratic press to the
people of the South, take "the ground and justify
slavery, not because slaves are negroes—the de-
scendants of Ham—but put it upon the broader
ground, and, as they allege, the only defensible
ground upon which slavery can rest, that the nat-
ural and normal condition of the laboring man is
that of a slave; and that the true ground on which
to reconcile this conflict between capital and labor
is, that capital should own its labor, and not hire
it. *
[Mr. Doolittle was here interrupted by Mr.
Clay, of Alabama, and also by Mr. Brown, of
Mississippi, who friade some remarks, which are
omitted, substantially concurring with Mr. Ches-
nut. See Appendix,Note A.]
Mr.President, I shall, perhaps, from what has
now occurred, do what 1 did not intend in the out-
set, refer to some southern authorities bearing on
this question. I do not say that all the leading
men and presses of the South to-day take the
ground that the laboring man is a slave, whether
white or black, but I do maintain that some of
their leading presses and some of their leading
men do take that position, and do justify slavery
upon the ground that the true way to reconcile
this troublesome question of capital and labor is-
simply this: that capital should own its labor,
and not hire it. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] the colleague
of the gentleman who first interrupted me, in his
famous speech delivered here, denominated the
" mud-sill speech"—I speak of it with no disre-
spect to him, but merely to designate the speech
in which that term was used—substantially took
the ground that the laboring white men of the
North were slaves in fact, though not in name,
as much so as the negroes of the South who are
actually held in the condition of slavery. That
is one authority.
[Here Mr. Chf.sntjt made soffie more extended
remarks. Mr. D. resumed.]
I do not deny that men at the South differ in
their opinions, some, perhaps the majority, as
yet, maintaining that the doctrine that the natural
and normal condition of the laboring man is that
of a slave, applies to the negro race, and to the
negro race alone; but, at the same time, I main-
tain that leading men and presses at the South
undertake to justify slavery, not upon the ground
of negro slavery as an exceptional institution, but
upon the broader and higher ground that slavery,
m the abstract, is right and natural, and "the
most safe and stable basis for free institutions in
the world."
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator will permit
me to interrupt him. I want to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the gentleman is from
the South, at this stage of the discussion I will
give way.
Mr. PUGH No, sir; I wish to say something
to you as a northern man, if the Senator will per-
mit me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desired to address myself
to the Senate; and when I was speaking upon a
subject which concerned particularly southern
States, and was addressing myself to southern
men, I consented to be interrupted by them. If,
however, my friend from Oluo desires to say any-
thing special, I have no objection to hear him.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to suggest to the
Senator, that the shortest way to settle the fact
was to name some man or some newspaper, be-
cause I have heard just such suggestions as that
made a thousand times to the people of the non-
slaveholdmg States, and I believe it has done
more to produce this ill blood than any other
course of assertion. Now, the Senator is contra-
dicted; let him give the authority, and it can be
easily settled one way or the other.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, I name the Rich-
mond Examiner, which said:
c< Our object in the.^e preliminary remark-* *-• to'-how how
unwise it IK for the South to attempt to justify negro sla-
very as an exceptional institution. It is the only form of
slavery whieli ha« excited the prejudices of mankind, and
given rise to abolition ; the only Kind of slavery which has
not been, until recently, universal. The experience, the
practices, and the history of mankind, amply vindicate sla-
very, in the abstract, as a natural, universal, and conserva-
tive institution. In justify mg slaveiy in the geneial or ab-
stract, we have to contend with the prejudices gtowmg out
of the Atriean slave trade, out of the cruel treatment of
slaves wherevei that tiade exists. and the still greater prej-
udices, of race and color. Still, it is shown bv history, both
sacied and profane, that domestic slavery is a natural, nor-
mal, and, till lately, universal institution.''
The Richmond Enquirer I will name for an-
other  
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator pardon me for
a moment? I did not hear the words, "white
slavery," m the extract which he has read; and
I want to know now, after reading that extract
merely,severed from thecontext,by what author-
ity he maintains that the Richmond Examiner
holds to the doctrine that slavery is the normal
condition of the laboring classes of all races ? I
say that the very extract he has read fails to sus-
tain his allegation, and I venture to "assert that,
if he will produce the whole article, it will dis-
prove it clearly.
[Mr. Clay iiere made some further remarks,
mainly personal to himself.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As to the meaning of the
paragraph I have read, that is a question of con-
struction between the honorable Senator and my-
self.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the word " white"
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It seems to me perfectly
clear that the construction I give is correct. It
claims that slavery cannot be defended as an in-
stitution based on negroslavery alone. The Rich-
mond Enquirer took the same ground when it said:
" Until recently, the defense of slavery has labored under
great difficulties, because its apologist—for they were
merely apologists—took lialf-way ground. They conhned
the detente of slavery to meic negro slavery, thereby giving
up the slavery principle, admitting other forftis of slavery
to be wrong, and yielding up the authority of the Bible, and
of the lu-story, practices, and experience of mankind. Hu-
man experience, showing the universal success of slave
society, and the universal failure of free society, was un-
availing to them, because they weie precluded from em-
ploying it by admitting slavery in the abstract to be wrong.
The defense of mere negro slavery involved them m still
greater difficulty.
a The line of defense, however, is now changed. The
South"—
The editor undertakes to speak for the South—
"The South now maintains that slavery is right, natural,
and necessary. It shows that all Divine and almost alJ
human authority justifies it. The South further charges
that the little experiment of free society in Western Europe
has been, from the begi nning, a ci uel failure, and that symp-
toms of tailurc are abundant rh our North. While it is
far moie obvious that negroes lie slaves than whites—for
they are only fit to labor, not to direct—yet the punciple of
slavery is in itself right, and does not depend on difference
ot complexion."
Mr. Johnson, a distinguished gentleman from
Georgia, in a speech delivered in the city of Phil-
adelphia in 1856, said, substantially, that the
ground on which the South now stands is, that
capital should own and not hire its labor.
feit, Mr. President, it is not material to my
present purpose to inquire how many or how few
of the men of the South now maintain these views'.
Most certainly, I shall not stand here to question
for one moment the sincerity of those gentlemen
who disclaim such extreme opinions, and main-
tain, as they now do, that slavery .should be con-
fined to the negro race alone. I take them at their
word, and accept precisely what they now say.
Their position is, that slavery is a blessing; an
institution approved of God, ami to be maintained
by man. That I understand to be the ground
upon which the gentlemen now stand. Well, sir,
that is, substantially, all that I intended to say in
the beginning, when I was interrupted, in order
to show that the South have changed their ground
on this question of slavery—negro slavery, if you
please. How long is it since the leading men of
the South, and in all the States of the South, their
judges upon the benches of their supreme courts,
their statesmen in Congress and out of Congress,
took the ground which the Richmond Enquirer
stated was taken by the South, that slavery was
an evil to be apologized for; to be borne as a ne-
cessity, rather than bear something worse' How
long is it since they have taken the ground that
slavery is a positive good, a divine institution, on
which you may ask the blessing of the Church and
the blessing of Heaven r It has all come up within
the last few years, under the lead of Mr, Calhoun;
there is no disputing this fact.
Sir, but the other day, in this very Senate, the
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] in speak-
ing of the, course winch had been pursued by Mr.
Letcher, the lately elected Governor of Virginia,
in relation to some speeches or doctrines that had
been promulgated m Western Virginia, stood up
here and stated the fact frankly, m substance—
I speak from memory—that we in Virginia have
changed our ground; we do not stand where we
