1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
or a paroxysm, or a panic, or something that seems to impel
certain men to feel the necessity of voting, and of voting
now, against polygamy at alUiazards." * * * *
"And now, sir, there is most intense zeal manifested that
something shall be voted—voted, not done—to exterminate
polygamy in Utah. Worst of all, it appears that this act ot
voting would seem to satisfy some consciences, even though
this very vote should prolong the existence ot that iniqui-
tous institution. It would seem to satisfy some consciences
—I will not call them stupid, or sluggish, or dead—that they
voted against polygamy."
I had supposed that every man knew that there
was a deep-seated conviction from one end of the
land to the other that polygamy, admitted as it is
to exist in the Territory of Utah, should be made
a crime by Congress, and punished as such. I
h&d supposed that no political parties, that no sec-
tion of the country, maintained any peculiar views
or ideas in reference to this matter; but that by
general and common consent it was understood
to be the duty of Congress to legislate in reference
to this question. And that is the reason why I
apprehend this matter is before the House, and
that is the reason why gentlemen who have spoken
upon this subject have spoken as though they had
feeling upon it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to take the position that
Congress has power to exclude polygamy in t£e
Territories of the United States. Now, I desire to
know if he finds power, under the same clause of
the Constitution, to exclude slavery from the
Territories?
Mr. GOOCH. I had hoped that one question
could be introduced into this Hall and discussed
without the introduction of the subject of slavery;
and I am glad that this side of the House thus far
has participated in the discussion of this question
upon its merits, without once alluding to the sub-
ject of slavery. I am glad that the Republican
party is not responsible for that much of the dis-
cussion of slavery which has arisen upon this
bill.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. GOOCH. I decline to yield further for the
present. I say to you, gentlemen, that in refer-
ence to this subject-matter, and in reference to all
subject-matters of legislation before this House, I
will legislate respecting them upon their merits;
and if such legislation makes in favor of the insti-
tution of slavery, the gentleman from Mississippi
and his friends will then have the benefit of it; if
it makes against the institution of slavery, that
gentleman and his friends must take the conse-
quences. Sufficient for this discussion is it for us
to know, or to believe, that the Constitution of the
United States authorizes us to punish polygamy
in the Territory of Utah, and that the exigency
demands such legislation. The gentleman from
Mississippi seems to want to know m.y peculiar
belief in reference to this matter of the power of
Congress over slavery in the Territories. He
knows where I stand in reference to the institution
of slavery, and I know where lie stands; and I
propose to him, for the purpose of this discussion,
that we let that question dro'p and so far as wo
participate in this discussion we will not intro-
duce the question of slavery.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Etheridge,] who is in favor of
this bill, introduced that subject in his remarks on
this bill, and it was the burden of his song. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Oli^,] also dis-
cussed the subject of slavery in the spccch which
he-made yesterday. But I believe that every gen-
tleman who has addressed (he House for the last
two days has referred directly to the question of
slavery; and besides, it is involved in the bill.
Thus much in vindication of myself for asking
the question, for I was desirous, in good faith, of
knowing if, in the same clause of the Constitution
from which he derives the authority of Congress
to exclude polygamy from a Territory, he does
not also find the authority of Congress to exclude
slavery in the Territories? So far as I am con-
cerned, I see a vast difference between prohibiting
crime in a Territory and excluding property from
a Territory. But I desire to know what position
the gentleman occupies upon that question.
Mr. GOOCH. In reference to the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Etheridge,] I, and those
associated with me, are not responsible for him.
He discusses the questions which come before
this House as he chooses. He does not belong
to my political ^party, nor to my section of the
country. He comes from the same section df the
country to which the gentleman from Mississippi
belongs. He comes from a slaveholding com-
munity, and he felt it his duty to introduce the
subject of slavery into his discussion of this ques-
tion.
But, sir, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Olin] introduced it only in reply to an interrog-
atory put to him by that side of the House; an
interrogatory which he could not answer with-
out introducing the subject, because the interr6ga-
tory of itself referred to it. But I repeat, that thus
far, on this side of the House, the question of
slavery has not been drawn into this discussion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then the gentleman from
Massachusetts declines to answer my question.
Mr. GOOCH. In reply to the gentleman, I
will tell him this: that I do believe that under the
Constitution of the United States we have the
power to prohibit slavery in the Territories. And
when we have that question before the House, I
will then tell him from what source I believe that
power to be derived. But it conflicts with my
present purpose to go into the discussion of that
question at this time. I rose for the purpose of dis-
cussing the bill before the House, and not for the
purpose of making a speech on the institution of
slavery; and I hope that the Republican side of the
House will carry out the same policy that it has
begun with reference to this question, and discuss
it on its merits. If it makes for the institution of
slavery, in the decision at which the House may
arrive, let slavery have the benefit of it; and if it
makes against it, slavery must take the conse-
quences.
Now, I was .saying that it seems to be agreed,
as a general thing, on both sides of the House,
that Congress has power to legislate against the
crime or practice of polygamy m the Territories.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar]
asserts the same thing for that side of the House.
Now, the bill of the Judiciary Committee is, it
seems to me, a bold and straightforward proposi-
tion. It undertakes to control this matter in a
legitimate and direct manner. The committee go
on the principle that in the organization of aTer-
ritory wo say to the people there: " You may gov-
ern yourselves, but you must do it on this condi-
tion: that you shall govern yourselves properly;
that you shall exercise the power which we give
to you in such a manner as it should be exercised
for the accomplishment of the purposes that should
be accomplished by a Government; and when you
fail to do that we reserve to ourselves the right to
take back the power that wc have given to you.
And as we reserve the right to take back the
whole, we reserve the right to take back any part
or portion of it that we please."
I will not discuss the question of this power any
further, bccause it seems to be conceded. I grant
that it is an important question for discussion;
but it has been discussed, and there has been no
very great difference of opinion in regard (o it.
It has been demonstrated to the House that it has
been the practice and policy of the Government,
from its foundation, to excrciec such acts of power
over the Territories; and that, it seems to me,
should be satisfactory to us in the consideration
of this question. The amendment of the gentle-
man from North Carolina provides for the ap-
pointment of a Council of thirteen men of the
Territory, who shall enact the laws that arc to
govern the people of the Territory. My objec-
tion to that is, that I do not believe that the laws
thus enactcd would be regarded of that force and
effect, or would be of that validity, in the Terri-
tory, that the legislation of Congress would carry
with it in regard to this matter. If I understand
his amendment correctly, it proposes to put into
the hands of these thirteen men the whole legis-
lation of the Territory; whereas we propose to
legislate only on this subject-matter, on which it
is apparent to the country and to the world that
legislation is required at our hands.
Then, sir, we come next to the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan-;] and,
sir, I have serious objections to his amendment.
The first objection that I state to it, is this: it
proposes to divide these people into two sections.
Half of them are to be associated with the peo-
ple of Pike's Peak, and the other half to be asso-
ciated with the people of Carson Valley—putting
one into the Territory of Jefferson, and the other
into the Territory of Nevada. Now, sir, in the
first place, it seems to me that there is au in-
superable objection to this amendment, from the
verv geographical position of this people. While
both the amendment of the gentleman from Il-
linois and the amendment of my,colleague, [Mr.
Thayer,] who proposes to repeal the organic
act and establish two land districts—one at Car-
son Yalley and the other at Pike's Peak—seem
to go on the principle that the Mormons are in
the immediate vicinity of the people.at Pike's
Peak—rthat they are in the immediate vicinity of
the dwellers in Carson Yalley—on the contrary,
they are, as you know very well, some six or
seven hundred miles from Carson Valley, and
some four or five hundred miles from Pike's Peak;
and yet, sir, it is proposed that these people are
to be governed by the men who live in Carson
Valley and the men who live on Pike's Peak. We
are told, sir, that their legislation is to be the sole
legislation; that they are to legislate for the anni^
hilation of polygamy in Utah, and that that will
be the legislation of the people of the vicinity!
Let us look a moment at the character and con-
dition of the people at Carson Valley and Pike's
Peak. What are they? Organized communities?
people who have all the means and appliances and
experience necessary to make and enforce laws?
By no means. It is known very well to every man
that, of the people who have recently gone there, a
very great proportion went not intending to remain.
They are only there temporarily, and intending to
return again to their homes. The people at one
point arc fifteen days'journey from the Mormon
population, and at the other point ten or twelve
days'journey. In the one case, they have to
traverse a wilderness and desert, and in the other
they have to traverse an unoccupied and unsettled
region of mountain and wilderness.
Now, what can be the idea of the man who
proposes that this Government shall evade this re-
sponsibility, and put it on the people of these two
infant settlements to do what my colleague [Mr.
Thayer] said yesterday Congress did not even
dare to do or propose to do? Is there any proba-
bility that these pioneers at Carson Valley and
these miners at Pike's Peak will leave their own
business and avocations, and go to work and
make laws against polygamy, and the# go over to
Salt Lake City, a journey of twelve days, for the
purpose of enforcing such laws ? And that, in the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Thayer,] with-
out even the aid of a territorial government, but
through the potency of. two land districts. It
seems to me tnat there never was a proposition
made which carried on its face its utter futility,
more than the proposition to commit these Mor-
mons to the government of these two infant settle-
ments. What is the condition of these people?
They themselves need the fostering and protect-
ing hand of the General Government; and yet
wc propose to give over to them to settle the most
difficult question that this Government has ever,
perhaps, had thrust upon it.
One word now as to the poli«y of this Govern-
ment in relation to the Territories. What has it
been ?
Mr. TIIAYER. My colleague asserts that he
is unable to sec how these two infant settlements
in Carson Valley and Pike's Peak will be able to
govern the Mormon population of Utah; and also,
that he is unable to sec why we should impose
the buiden of that government on these two infant
settlements. I will inform my colleague that the
Delegates from both these proposed Territories or
districts assured me that the people of each of
them are entirely willing to take this responsibil-
ity. They inform me further that the Mormons,
in great numbers, are traveling towards Pike's
Peak and towards Carson Valley, for the purpose
of joining the miners in their works at those two
localities.
Mr. GOOCH. I understand very well the con-
dition of these Delegates from these two proposed
Territories. They arc exceedingly anxious to
obtain territorial organizations, and they are will-
ing to do anything that may be required for the
purpose of securing their organization; but my
information from them differs somewhat from that
obtained by my colleague. In conversation with
one of them this morning, he told we that they
did not desire to have anything to do with this
Mormon question. The Delegate from the other
Territory told me they were willing to take the
Mormons if required. I said to him* " I have no
doubt, when you take them, you will let them
