1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
alone." Now, sir, I understand the position of
these Delegates to be just this: they want noth-
ing to do with this Mormon question, but they
tell us that if we impose it upon them as a condi-
tion of their organization, they will take the Mor-
mons rather than not to have their Territories or-
ganized. But, sir, what is it proposed they shall
do? Why, just nothing at all..
Mr. HOOPER. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, I will remark that the
inforrtiation which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Thayer] says he has received from
the Delegates from Nevada and Jefferson differs
materially from the statements they have made to
me. I understand that they are unwilling that
the Territory of Utah proper shall be included
within their limits. They are willing that a suffi
cient portion shall be taken from the western por
tion of the Territory of Utah—say to one hun
dred and fourteen degrees—to form the Territory
of Nevada,and that they are willing tocxtend on
the cast to the one hundred and seventh or one
hundred and eighth parallels of longitude, for the
Territory of Jefferson. I understand that they
would unhesitatingly not concur in the proposi-
tion made by tho gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Thayer.]
Mr. THAYER. If my colleague will allow me,
I will say further upon this subject that there need
be no impugning of the veracity of these Delegates,
for, as I unaerstandit, there are two persons claim-
ing to be Delegates from each one of these pro-
posed Territories. I presume, therefore, the dif-
ference in the statements made arises from the
fact that different statements have been made by
different persons claiming to represent the same
Territory .
Mr. GOOCH. I do not propose, so faras I am
concerned, to impeach the veracity of these'Del-
egates . I admitted that they might have expressed
tho opinions which my colleague has stated; and
I gave the reason why they were willing to accede
to such an arrangement. But, sir, it docs not seem
to me fair, that we should require them by ex-
tending the territorial laws which they may enact,
to undertake to eradicate this evil, nor seek to ac-
complish the same through the novel agency of
land districts.
Mr. McCLERNAND. With the permission
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, I wish to
make one remark. The gentleman objects to the
practicability of my scheme, upon the ground that
it will not be within the power of the people of
Pike's Pealt to go to the Salt Lake valley and
suppress polygamy. That is his objection to my
scheme. If, however, it should be within the
power of tho people about Pike's Peak to bring
the Mormons about Salt Lake down to Denver
City, the scat of government for the proposed
Territory, the ease would be different. In that
case, the people of Pike's Peak would not have
to go to Salt Lake, to punish polygamy, but might
bring tho polygamists down to Denver City, and
punish them there.
Mr. GOOCH. I agree with the gentleman pre-
cisely, that if these Mormons will voluntarily go
down to Pike's Peak, in order to he tried and pun-
ished for bigamy, the people atPiUo'sPcak may,
perhaps, try and punish them. The gentleman's
whole theory seems to be predicated—and I admit
the suggestion is a valuable one , if the Mormons
would only adopt it—upon the idea that the pop-
ulation of Salt Lake City will voluntarily go down
to Denver City, or some other point that may be
designated in Jefferson Territory, for trial and
punishment. I must confess that the. gentleman's
plan is based upon the assumption that, however
guilty these people may be, they are certainly the
most law-abiding people on the face of the earth.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman cer-
tainly cannot be serious in his interpretation of
my remarks. He has too much intelligence to
ask this House to believe that I assumed that
polygamists in the Salt Lake valley would volun-
tarily go down to Denver City and submit to pun-
ishment.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman did not say ex-
actly that; but I was endeavoring to show that
his scheme could only be carried out upon that
assumption.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I desire to say to the
gentleman, that I propose that those who commit
crime in the Salt Lake City shall be brought down
to Denver City by process of court. I^ow, Mr.
Speaker, I wish, before I take my seat, to make
one further remark. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts objects to my scheme, upon tho ground
that it is impracticable. Will he be so kind as to
condescend to inform us how and in what respect
the scheme proposed by the Committee on the
Judiciary is practicable? Will he please inform
us jra^vr he proposes to indict a polygamist by a
grand jury composed of polygamists, or how he
proposes to convict a man of polygamy by a jury
composed of polygamists?
Mr. GOOCH. I do not.propose precisely at
this point to answer the gentleman's interrogatory.
I can understand very well that the gentleman
would like to draw me off from the position which
I was stating. I am now discussing the practi-
fcability of the scheme proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois. What does the gentleman propose
to do? He says he proposes to bring the polyg-
amists of Salt Lake City down to Denver City by
process of law. Docs he suppose the ten thousand
miners are going down from Pike's Peak to Salt
Lake City, for the purpose of enforcing the war-
rant, precept, or whatever the officer may have ?
How many men does he suppose will go down
there from Pike's Peak—a journey of twelve or
fifteen days' travel through a wilderness country
—for the purpose of bringing these Mormons to
Denver City for trial? How many men does lie
suppose it will require to enforce a process of law
against a man charged with the crime'of polyg-
amy in Salt Lake City, and carry him down for
trial to Denver City? I should like to know that.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Does the gentleman
wish an answer?
Mr. GOOCH. Yes, sir, I should like very
much to have that information.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I suppose it would re-
quire just the same number—no, not so many as it
would require to punish a man in Salt Lake City
for polygamy, under tho committee bill which the
gentleman proposes to pass.
Mr. GOOCH. I accept the answer of the gen-
tleman. Now, sir, it seems to me that nothing
further need be said in relation to this question,
than to show that the proposition of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. McClf.rnand,! and that
the proposition of my colleague, [Mr. Thayer,]
must, from tho very nature of the case, be wholly
ineffectual for tho suppression of the crime of
polygamy in this Territory. The geographical
position of the three localities is such as upon the
very face of the map shows it cannot be done.
Why, sir, Salt Lake is further from Pike's Peak
than Virginia is from Massachusetts. The two
localities arc further apart than North Carolina is
from Massachusetts; and yet who would think for
a moment of legislating within the State of Mas-
sachusetts for the people of North Carolina, even
if we had the constitutional power to do it, and
especially if the people of North Carolina wore,
under a system, of church government, banded
together for the purposes against which we pro-
pose to legislate ?
Why, it seems to mo that the people of my
State would hardly go out on any such insane ex-
pedition as that, for the purpose of making cap-
ture of prisoners in North Carolina and carrying
them home to Massachusetts to be tried.
Now, in reference to the bill of the Judiciary
Committee, and in answer to the gentleman, I will
say that I think one desirable feature of the amend-
ment which I propose to the bill of the Judiciary
Committee is that which provides, by a law of
this Government, against the commission of this
crime in that Territory. Now, sir, what are the
facts? I understand that to-day, even among the
Mormons themselves, there are as many men who
have but one wife as there arc Who have a plu-
rality of wives. I understand further, that this
section of the country which is occupied by the
Mormons is one which will invite immigration.
Again, polygamy publicly proclaimed to the world
as one of the rights of the Mormon Church, being
but about eight years old, I believe that the day
will come when there will begin to spring up in
that community itself, among those who have not
indulged in polygamy, and among those who may
come in, andamong those who may surround them,
a healthy reactionary influence; and I do not be-
lieve it is going to require a very great amount of
external power to enforce the law within that
community. But still further: if that external
power be necessary, we all agree that it belongs I
to somebody to furnish it, and to provide a law
against this crime, to punish those who violate it.
If it belongs to anybody, it belongs to this Gov-
ernment, and not to an infant Territory situated
at Pike's Peak and at Carson Valley.
I was about speaking of the relation which, in
my judgment, a Territory held to this Govern-
ment. I consider that this Government stands in
the relation of parent to all these Territories; that
it is the duty of the General Government to pro-
vide a government for these Territories; to enact
laws for them; and, when they have reached a
stage of maturity in which they arc capable of
instituting certain acts of legislation for them-
selves, it is good policy—and experience has
taught us so—to authorize them to act for them-
selves. When they fail to govern themselves as
they should, I believe we should adopt the same
policy that a judicious parent pursues with refer-
ence to his child. He permits that child to reg-
ulate and govern his own conduct so long as he
applies wholesome and salutary rules to himself;
but when he fitils to do that, the parent again re-
sumes the exercise of control over his own off-
spring.
And what is the position which the Territories
hold towards us in another point of view? My
colleague from Massachusetts [Mr. Thayer]
spoke of them as colonies, and in that connection
alluded to colonies which other countries have
held. It was said here the other day that Canada
was a c.olony a hundred years ago, and, if the
policy dr England continued the same as it is at
present, she would continue to be a colony for a
hundred or a thousand years to come. If we had
any such colonial policy as that, I would agree
with my colleague in condemning it. But 1 do
not understand that wo have any such colonial
policy as that. We do not' propose to hold any
region of country as a colony, or to retain it in that
position. Wc only propose to give such region
aid up to a certain point, and then to give addi-
tional aid to assist it in its own government until
it shall reach .the first stage of manhood, when
we will admit it as a State upon an equality with
all the other States of the Union.
My colleague spoke of giving sovereignty to a
colony. I agree with him that a more absurd idea
than that of conferring sovereignty upon a colony,
or upon a State, or upon any other community,
never entered the head of man. The object and
purpose of this Government was not to make sov-
ereignty or to destroy sovereignty. It is a Gov-
• ernment of checks and balances.
Mr. THAYER. I understand my colleague
to say that I stated in my remarks yesterday that
Congress could confer sovereignty.
Mr. GOOCH. No, sir; the gentleman misun-
derstood my remarks. I stated that I agreed with
my colleague in saying that a more absurd idea
never entered the head of any hum'an being than
that there wasany thing of sovereignty in thisGov-
ernmont, or that this Government was instituted
to destroy sovereignty, or to create it. I said that
this is a Government of checks and balances. The
gentleman stated that if we wanted sovereignty
we must go back to the people. I say we must
go back of that. I say that the people them-
selves, before they can exorcise acts of sovereign ty;
must annul their laws and their Constitution. As
long as tho Constitution exists, the people cannot
exorcise sovereign power. There is an authority
over and above tho people, and they must govern
themselves in subjection to that power. They
can cxercise sovereignty only when they have
abolished their laws and annulled their Constitu-
tion .
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether he believes
in the following sentence!, which I read from the
Republican platform adopted at Philadelphia in
1856?
Resolved, That the Constitution confers on Congress
sovereign power over the Territories of the United States
lor their government; and that, in the cxtucise of this power,
it is<both tlic right and duty of Congress to prohibit in tho
1 erritories those twin relics of barbarism—polygamy and
slavery." ,
Mr. GOOCH. In reference to the exercise of
sovereign power, I say I believe Congress has
power to legislate upon all ordinary subjects of
legislation under the Constitution; but that that
exercise of power must be in subjection to the
Constitution of the United States.
In relation to the other branch ofttie resolution—
