2486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO-BE.
May 30,
of the lour largest publishing houses in the Uni-
ted States; or rather they are certainly among the
largest:
New York, May 7, I860.
Dear Sir: In reply to your 4nquny, we would remark
that we do our own printing, stereotyping, and binding; and
the same may be ?.aid of several oi'tne pnneipal publishing
house* m this city. As far as our own expetierico extends,
we are iuJly f-atibiied that by doing our own work the saving
in expense is very considerable.
We trunk that it'the Government should do its own woik,
it would be found highly advantageous, and save a veiy
large amount of money that is now distributed among polit-
ical partisans.
Very respectfully, your obedient servants,
HARPER & BROTHERS.
New York, -April 19, I860.
Dear Sir: We see by the papers that you arc advocat-
ing the establishment of a Government printing office for
doing the public panting m place ol the present sj&tcm.
We are persuaded that it is the only way in winch the
co&t and quality of the work can be efficiently contiolled.
Our experience as a publishing house hailed us to do our
own woiK, and wc think ail large establishments find their
account in so doing.
VVe earnestly wudi you may succeed in carrying through
the proposed measure, and have the work done m a man-
ner eredmible to the Government, and at a vast saving of
money and public morality.
Very respectfully, D. Al'i'JLETON & CCK
New York, May 5, 1830.
Dear Sir: We would reply, in answer to youi inquhy
respecting the manulactuie ol books, that wc punt and
bind our own publications, and aic fcatistied that we save
alaige peicentage thereby, besides having our woik done
in the bestnyle. We aie confident that the Government
would make an immense saving by adopting the same plan.
Very lespectfull}, yours,
A. S. BARNES & BURR.
New York, Jlpril 16, I860.
Dear Sir: I understand that you recommend a Govern
ment prmtingofficc, whine the Government can do its own
work in it's own way. i have advocated it lor the last ten
yeais. It is the only wny to have the workdoneasiuhoukl
be m this? world of sin and sharp practice. Contractor
want to make all the money they can, and it is impossible
to get in sueiibiiMne H everj thing done as it should be. if
a pic?.-. is davcu twice as fast as. it should be, it cannot do
the work as well, but it will make agreatdeal more money
per token.
The Bible Society, the Appletons, and almost all oui
largest publishers, do theirown press-work, ami lind " then
account in it." They have it done well, and at a<3 low a
cost as it can be done, tor the mere cost of power, materi-
als, and labor.
J hope you will succeed in having it established.
Yours truly, II. N. UUTL.ER.
Unlike tho bureaus in Washington, the work-
men here would labor the usual number of hours,
and often all night, and receive therefor tho cur-
rent wages, arid no more. The journeymen print-
ers in tins city, as fitr back as 1819, united in a
petition to Congress to establish a Government
office, where they might receivc for their work
the usual compensation without the intervention
of middle men, who sought to secure the fimtsof
their labor. On this subject, Mr. Crowell, from
whose testimony we have already quoted—a prac-
tical printer of twenty-five years' standing—fur-
nished the committee with this opinion:
" Question. What do you think of the necessity and pro-
priety ol a Government printing office? As a piaeucal
printer, having done work lor the Government, do you
know ol «iny objection to the establishment of a Govern
lnent printing office, with piopei cheek* and balances?
'iJlnswei. 1 do not; on the contiury, 1 think that it
would be a very good tiling; th.it it would be the meansot
great saving to the Government, and that in such an olhee
tlie woik would be well executed.
4* Question. What saving would it be to the Government.3
'*^insivcr. A ol-one half.
a Question. Would a national printing office, m your
judgment, be liable to abuse by the employment ol miem-
pciiite, incompetent, ami biokeu-clown punlei*, and the
establishment of-.income places '
"• Jlnsivcr. Printers, as a genetal thing, arc not infcmpei-
ate ; there are veiy lew intemperate people m the printing
bunines-'. i have no idea that u Government printing olhee
would become an asylum for decayed and nitempeiato
pnnteis.
" Question. It is your opinion, then, th.it a Government
printing office would not be liable to those abuses.
" .'itisiecr. That is my opinion.-'*
Will some one now ask, if all these advantages
can be secured by a Government office, why has
not one been established before ?
I answer, for tho reason, mainly* that the party
which finds itself in power generally desires to
retain as much patronage—profit or plunder, if
you please to call it yo—as possible, and the party
Iiaving a fair prospect befoie it of success—1
speak, of course, of the past, not of the present
—being exceedingly hungry for the choice things
upou the Government table, is never anxious to
diminish its chances m thai direction by instituting
salutary reforms. The efforts of the spoilsmen of
all parties have ever been to crush out the labors
of those seeking a radical and genuine reform in
that department. The mere partisan docs not want
the door of the Treasury closed against him just
as he is about to lay hold of Us keys; and as the
printing spoils have been regarded as among the
most valuable under the Government, mere poli-
ticians have always had a strong desire to retain
them. The attempt to establish such an office as
now proposed has been made withoutthe least re-
gard to party advantages, and I trust that no bill
will pass either House establishing one that has
even the smhll of partisanship about it. I could
not wish or ask a worse, a more in/ernaUegacy to
fall to my party, if successful, than the present
or any similar method of doing the public print-
ing and binding. Its political advantages are only
apparent, not real; and any party that lives while
encouraging its abuses, deserves to die, and will
die, sooner or later. Of course, as long as the pres-
ent system continues, gentlemen will be justified
in seeking in all lawful ways to secure the work
and its profits.
There never has been so favorable a time for
the trial of a public office. The whole country
is disgusted with the developments made during
this Congress of the various plans of the past;
and as neither political party is entirely confident
of success in the coming presidential struggle,
both can well afford to relinquish prospective
claims to the profits of this important department
of our Government. It is in the power of Con-
gress to end forever this printing trouble at this
session. Pass this bill, and you close for all
coming time this heretofore interminable contro-
versy about printing spoils and plunder—a con-
troversy that has pro veil a severe allhction to Jjoth
Houses for nearly half a century, antLwhich must
be continued in aggravated forms if the old ex-
periments are to be repeated.
In 1846, Mr. Benton, of New York, showed,
from the testimony of Mr. Rives, introduced into
a speech which he delivered upon public print-
ing, that the Government lost in a single year
&1,000,000 through the neglect of the Public
Printer to print a«bill or document required just
at the close of a session of Congress. (Twenty-
Ninth Congress, Globe, vol. l(j, page 8xM.)
Mr. [teuton, therefore, threw the blame upon
Congress for hot taking better security, and neg-
lecting to prosecute promptly. But, pray, of
what avail are your bonds when you fail to get
your work at the proper time? It is the work
that Congress needs and seeks, not the penalty of
bonds. If the printing is nwTexecuted when re-
quued.it is useless when it comes; and a prose-
cution'Tor non-fulfillment, protracted as it must
always be, is hut an aggravation of the evil, for
everybody must know by this time that our Gov-
ernment mokes a very poor business of collecting
damages for the failure of contracts.
i repeat, Mr. Speaker, the declaration that this
Congress can end the entire printing controversy
that lias continued for fifty years, to the serious
damage of the Govern ment, m a single day. Pass
this bill, and you will hear no .more of combina-
tions to secure the public printing—110 more of
its enormous profits, spent to carry elections, and
no more of its swindling abuses. You will re-
move,at once and forever, one of the greatest evils
that attaches to national legislation; and so per-
fectly satisfied am I of this fact, that if my exist-
ence and the little 1 possess in this world were
staked upon the success of the plan proposed, 1
should regard myself as beyond the danger of all
harm, either to iife or property. Doubtless the
details of the bill before us will be improved, as
experience atid observation may dictate; but the
principle once adopted and fanly tested by the
Government, and it will never be abandoned.
That, sir, is my honest judgment.
Air. Speaker, the subject of public printing is
certainly one of the most important now before
Congress. It has been carefully considered by
investigating committees of both Houses, and
these committees have made developments, during
the last three months, that have fairly staitled the
observing and thinking people of all the States.
It has been conclusively shown that the printing
department of this Government has become a
great sapping and mining power that is striking
at the very foundations of republican liberty. It
is, at least, corrupting the very sources of politi-
cal influence, here and elsewhere; and the people
everywhere, having bccomc alarmed at the reve-
lations of fraud and corruption, now demand of
us a radical and speedy reform. But I warn gen-
tlemen that if, by impracticable amendments or
otherwise, they now defeat this bill, no reform
can be expected at this session of Congress; and,
as the presidential election will have been decided
when we meet again, the successful party will be
strongly importuned to pei'petuate tne present or
similar abuses, and, I fear, with success.
Mr. CLOPTON. In the absence of my col-
league upon the committee, [Mr. Hindman,] who
united with me in the minority report, it devolves
on me to defend the position which wc have as-
sumed. I shall trespass but a few minutes on
the attention of the House. Having no practical
knowledge of the cost of printing, 1 have felt my
incompetency to arrive at any conclusion satis-
factory even to my own mind, as to the best and
most economical manner in which it can be exe-
cuted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Alabama yield to mc for a mo-
ment? 1 desire to ask the gentleman from Nc\t
York whether he'proposes to press his bill to a
vote to-day ?
Mr. HASKIN. In answer to the gentleman
from Illinois, I state, as chairman of the com-
mittee having the matter in charge, that I do not
propose to have a vote on this subject till to-
morrow', at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it the understanding that
the main question shajl be ordered, so that we
shall have no debate on this subject to-morrow?
Mr. HASK1N. I should prefer that.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the earnest desire of
the Department that wc shall pass the Post Office
appropriation bill to-morrow, if possible; and
therefore I ask the gentleman whether or not he
will call the previous question ?
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to call the previous
question, and to have a vote on it to-morrow at
one o'clock.
Mr. PHELPS. Then let it be understood that,
by general consent, the previous question shall
be called at any time before the House adjourns
to-day.
Mr.^MITH, of Virginia. Why not let tho
previous question be called to-morrow 5
Mr. BAIIR. The pievious question would cut
off our amendments. Let us know when wc arc
to try to get in the-amendments which we dcsice
to propose. ^
Mr. WALTON. I desire it to be understood
that I object to any arrangement about the previ-
ous question.
Mr. HASKIN. I propose to call the previous
question to-morrow at one o'clock, and then I
will have one hour to close the debate.
Mr. BARR. 1 want to know whether the gen-
tleman from Ohio offers his proposition as an
amendment 01* as a substitute?
Mr. GURLEY. As a substitute.
Mr. 33ARR. I propose to amend the first sec-
tion by adding the words Secretary of the Treas-
ury;" so that it will read, " said contract to be
subject to the approval of the Joint Committee of
Printing of the two Houses of Congress and of
the Secretary of the Treasury." I desire that
on& executive officer should come in with these
two committees. I also propose to add, in the
fifth section, after the words "all the printing
ordered," the words " or to be ordered."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
of the gentleman from New York may be re-
ceived.
Mr. GURLEY. I accept the amendment
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Al-
abama will aliowme, I desire to indicate an amend-
ment which I will offer when it is in order. The
compensation of the foreman of the printing office
is fixed at $1,800, and the salary of the foreman
of the bindery is fixed at §1,500. My judgment
is that, in order to secure the necessary talent and
ability, the salary should be raised to $2,000;
which, it seems to me, would be just and equita-
ble compensation; and 1 intend to offer that amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask to have an amendment
printed, which I design to offer to-morrow.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLOPTON. From the information which
I have been enabled 10 derive from the testimony
given before the Committee on Public Expendi-
