522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
shire to the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. POWELL. I fully concur in the opinion
expressed by the Senator from Mississippi on
this matter; and, in order to test the views of the
Senate, I move to lay the resolution and amend-
ments all on the table.
Mr. DAVIS I think it is well to consider the
motion which is made just at tins point. It does
not dispose of the question. It merely lays it on
the table, subject to be called up m the morning.
It is no decision of the Senate, to lay the propo-
sition on the table. It is not as it is in the House
at all. It merely postpones us consideration, just
as if I should rise and move to postpone the con-
sideration of the resolution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think it would be no
misfortune if it should be laid on the table, or post-
poned for further consideration. I think my friend
from Mississippi will agree with me, that it is a
matter on which we ought to act with great delib-
eration. It affects the constitutional power of this
House, and may affect it, under these general res-
olutions, under circumstances which we cannot
now anticipate. I am very slow to relinquish the
powers of this House, very slow to curtail the
powers of this House, by any precedent we should
now set on the subject. There may be other in-
stances and other times when this question may
be of very great importance. I hope it will be
laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the resolution lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move now to refer my bill
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. MASON. Then I raise the "question of
order for the decision of (he Chair, whether it is
competent for the Senate to receive the bill. I be-
lieve that is the mode of raising it. Will the
President be good enough to indicate the exact
posture of the matter before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan introduced a bill for reference, by unan-
imous consent. It was read twice; and he now
moves to refer it to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. MASON. With submission to the Choir,
I dtd not understand that it had been read twice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was iwu-e I(;nd
by the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Then I raise the question of
order, that it is not competent for the Senate to
entertain the bill by referring it to a committee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I submit, of course, to
you, sir, in the fnst instance, whether that is a
question proper to be decided by you as n consti-
tutional question? Mu-U it not be d-rid-'d by
the gentlemen of this 1 louse voting upon the ques-
tion ? if Senators think the Senate has no consti-
tutional power to refer this bill in the present con-
dition of things, theywij!, of course, vote against
the motion; but if I think the Senate has the con-
stitutional power to refer it, I must vote for the
motion. The House itseif is to decide the ques-
tion, because, other wise, e vim y constitutional ques-
tion might be brought before you as a quotum of
order. If I introduce a bill to establish a bank of
the United States, if I introduce a bill to establish
a system of internal improvements, some gentle-
man may arise and say, " I make it a question of
order, and call on the President to decide u hether
such a bill can be constitutionally received."
That was never the doctrine of the Senate of the
United States; it is not the doctrine of the Consti-
tution; it is not the doctrine of this body. There
are, perhaps, in the Constitution, .sonic few in-
stances in which rules are prescribed which are to
govern. Take the rule that a bill shall have certain
readings. That applies directly as a question of
order; but where it docs not so apply—where the
constitutionality of the measuie is incidentally
involved—there every gentleman is to decide it in
the vote which lie gives upon it; those who believe
it unconstitutional of course votinsr against- it,
those who believe it constitutional voting for it.
Sir, the doctrine is objectionable m many re-
spects. It is objectionable not me,rely because it
imposes a -very heavy responsibility upon the
Chair; it is objectionable because it appeals from
the proper tribunal, the Senate of the United
States, to the mere organ of the Senate, to decide
a question of constitutional law. There is no au-
thority for such a doctrine. There is no author-
ity for such arbitration of a constitutional ques-
tion. The influence of the Speaker is not to be
brought upon the House in the decision of such
a question. It is a question beyond his jurisdic-
tio n.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Kentucky allow the Chair to say a single
word?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT The question pre-
sents itself as a point of order, but underneath
the point of order lies the broad question stated
by the Senator from Kentucky, and it was at no
time the purpose of the Chair to decide it. He
intends, as he is authorized to do, to submit it to
the Senate, and only give his voice if it should
come back to him in the manner mentioned in the
Constitution of the United States, oil an equal
vote of the Senate; but it comes up as a question
of order. The Senator from Michigan moves to
refer this bill to the Committee on Private Land
Claims. The Senator from Virginia raises the
question of order: is it in order, in the condition
of the two Houses, to refer it to the Committee
on Private Land Claims? That I submit to the
Senate, and I shall give no voice unless the Sen-
ate be equally divided. The Chair submits the
question to the Senate. Is the motion in order to
icfer this bill, it having been read twice, to the
Committee on Private Land Claims? Senators
who think so will say "Ay;" those of the op-
posite opinion will say No."
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 45, nays 7; as follows:
YF,AS—Mes^r*. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bitter,
Bingham, Biagg, Brown,Ch.mdler, Chesnut, Claik, Cling-
mau, CoHamei,(Juttenden, Davi<s, Dixon, Doolittle, Dur-
kep, Fe-wmden, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster, Green,
Ginne-, (iwni, Hammond, Il.iun, Hemphill, Hunter, Ivev-
fon. Johnson of Aikan^a-*, Kennedy, King, Lane, Nichol-
son, Pearce, Powell, riaul-biuy, Simmons, Slidell, Sumner,
Ten teyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—45.
NAYS—Mos^r- Clay, Hale, Il-imtm, Johnson of Ten-
uc-nc°, Malioiv, Ma^on, and Yulee—7.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate de-
termines the motion to be in order; and, if there
be no further objection, the bill will £0 to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims. The bill is so
refened.
Mr. BROWN. I now move, by way of pre-
senting it as 1 thnik the question ought to have
been presented at the start, to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the bill for the relief of Arnold
Ilairis, which has been read twice, with a view
of having it read a third time,and putting it on its
passage. 1 have no interest in the bill at all; but
looking over the Calendar I observe that that is
among the bills which have been read twice, and
now only await the third reading. Now, by way
of testing the question whether the Senate will
proceed to the point of passing bills, I move to
postpone all prior orders, and take up that bill
with a view of putting it on its passage, to sec
whether we will pass bills before the other House
is oiganized.
Mr. PITCH. I trust the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will withdraw his motion, to permit me
to make a lew reports from the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HROWN. With the understanding that
I am to renew it afterwards, I do.
PRINTING OF "DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the
statement of the reports of the Court of Claims,
made to the House of Representatives during the
Thirty-Fourth and Thirty-Fifth Congresses, na-
ture of claim, amount claimed, and action of the
House thereon, reported in favor of printing the
same; and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the statement of
the decisions of the Court of Claims, made since
the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and reported on the
Ilth instant to the Senate of the United States,
reported in favor of printing the same; and the
report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Senate, showing the payments
from the contingent fund of the Senate during the
year ending December 3, 1859, reported in favor
of printing the same; and the report was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury on the state of the
finances, and the motion to print five thousand
five hundred additional copies of the report, re-
ported in favor of printing the same, five hundred
of which copies shall be for the use of the Treas-
ury Department; and the report was agreed to.
l"Ie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred amotion to print the President's an-
nual message and accompanying documents, re-
ported in favor of printing the usual number; and
the report was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, m pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 93) for the completion of the military road
from Fort Benton to the Walla-Walla; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 94) for
the relief of Samuel V. Niles; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained,leave to introduce abill(S. No. 95)
for the relief of Elizabeth Montgomery, heir of
Hugh Montgomery; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
PUBLIC PRINTING INVESTIGATION.
Mr. KING. It will be recollected that the other
day, when the subject of printing was before the
Senate, it seemed to be considered that an investi-
gation should be had of the disclosures then made
in debate. As no other Senator has offered a res-
olution on the subject, I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to in-
qune and repoit to the Senate whether $41,000, oi any other
sum orsnuns were paid bj- the Public Punter, or any party
who executed punting or binding tor the last Congress or
tiic Executive Departments, tor the use or benefit of any
person or pajty conducting a newspaper, or to aid in the
support of any newspaper establishment, and especially
whether any Mich payment was made to or fot the benefit
ot the person or party interested in the publication of the
Washington Constitution, lately called the Union, the
Pennsylvanian, or the Philadelphia Argus; whether any
contiaet was made, or any understanding had at any time
dming the last Congress or sincc the 3d of March last, be-
tween Mr. Bowman, late Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, who was on the 17th instant elected Printer to the
Senate, and the Printer for the Senate or the Executive
Depaiunent^, during the la«t Congress, by which the said
Bowman was to receive $20,000 or other sum a year fiom
such Winter while such Punter should have the printing
and binding of Congress oi the Executive Department^,
payment of said .$-20,000 or other sum a year to cease when-
ever such punting and binding should in whole or m part
be withheld tiom such Pi inter or party contracting to pay;
whether anything was paid by such Printer or party to said
Bowman, and if anything, how much; whether any, and
it any, what other amount, was levied for any newspaper
oi other purpose upon the Public Punter or any party or
patties who executed public printing, or was paid by such
Printer or party, or withheld out of the price fixed by law
for punting tiom anv party who executed public printing
for Congress or the Executive Depaitments; and whether
any member ot the Cabinet, or any officer of the Govern-
ment, wa* abetting or privy to any such contract, under-
standing, levy, or payment, or the withholding any part of
the price fixed by law tor printing from any person or parly
who executed the printing. And the said committee aie
instructed to inquire and report what reduction ought to
be made m the prices now paid for public printing. For
the puipo^e^ of this resolution, the said committee are au-
thorized to examine witnesses, and to send for persons and
paper*.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
| ask for the present consideration of the resolu-
I tion ?
I Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
j Mr. MASON. I shall certainly not object to
| any inquiry that it is proper to make as to any
delinquencies of public officers; but that is so long
a paper that I do not know that it would not
trench on private rights. I would prefer that it
should go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
Mr. KING. I have certainly no objection
that it may lie over till Monday for full examin-
ation .
On motion of Mr. HALE, the Senate then
adjourned.
