1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2487-
tares, I have attained the most correct conclusion
within my power. I do not propose to discuss
this question in a party or political aspect, any
farther than maybe necessary to reply to some of
the remarks which hare fallen from the gentleman
from New York, the chairman of the committee.
All parties are responsible, more or less, for
whatever evils now exist in the execution of the
public printing. The present law was approved
by a Whig President, and has been continued
through both a Republican and a Democratic
House of Representatives, with one solitary ma-
terial change, passed last year. Under these cir-
cumstances, actuated as 1 feel 1 have been solely
by a desire to do that which is best for the coun-
try and for the interests of the Government, I was
in hopes that the committee would have come up
to the consideration of the subject in the same
spirit, instead of traveling beyond its legitimate
objects of investigation, to seek to attack the
President or the heads of the Executive Depart-
partmcnts. That, however, I shall notice after I
have discussed, in a brief manner, the respective
tilans which are proposed for executing the pub-
ic printing.
Charges of extravagance have been currently
circulated throughout the country by the news-
paper press. These charges required an investi-
gation; and that investigation has demonstrated
the necessity of a reform. The question now for
this House to consider is, what is the best plan
by which economy and efficiency can be secured
in the execution of the printing? To this end,
three plans have been submitted. These are: the
plan proposed by a majority of the committee—
which is simply a reduction of the rales forty
per cent., and a qualification as to the eligibility
of the persons who may be elected Printers; the
plan proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.„
Gcrlet,] for a public printing office; and the
plan proposed by the minority of the committee,
m their report.
I shall first direct a few remarks to the plan of
a national printing office. When I entered, as a
member of the committee, upon the investigation
of this question, it was with an opinion inclining
in favor of a national printing office. By investi-
gation, this opinion underwent a change; and the
more reflection I bestowed upon the subject, and
the more I considered it in its various bearings,
the more did my opinion become opposed to tiie
establishment of such an office by the Govern-
ment.
I have listened with a great deal of interest to
the remarks made by the gentleman from Ohio;
and whilst he has given us the opinions of dis-
tinguished Senators and the opinions of witnesses
who have been examined by the committee, 1
have heard but one argument adduefcd by him in
favor of such an office, and that is, tile prompt-
ness with which the work would be executed.
There arc, in my opinion, two important objec-
tions to the establishment of such an office. That
which weighs most materially upon my own mind
is, that it would largely increase the executive
pationage. I concur m the concluding remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio, that now is a favor-
able time to consider this question. Whatever I
may say upon the increase of executive patron-
age cannot lie applied to the present Chief Magis-
trate, whose term of office would expire before the
scheme could be put in operation; and who shall
administer the Government for the next succeed-
ing four years is wrapped m the uncertain future.
Apprehensions with regard to the dangers of
the executive patronage have been entertained
from the very foundation of this Government;
and it is unnecessary for me at this time to enter
into any argument upon that subject. Executive
patronage always increases by degrees; and if we
consider the amount of printing which bus been
done within the last six years over the amount
done during any period of six years previously,
and that if will probably increase in the same
ratio, it is easy to see that it may become the
means of immense power ill the hands of the Ex-
ecutive. What does executive patronage consist
of? What are its elements ? First, the amount
of revenue; secondly, the amount of public ex-
penditure; and thirdly, the number of employes
or appointees whose appointment, as well as re-
moval , rests in the. hands of the Executive. During
the last thirty-six years tile expenditures of this
Government have increased from about eleven
million dollars to between sixty and eighty mil-
lion, and the number of appointees has increased
from fifteen thousand throughout all the whole
extent of the country, and in all the departments
of tf!e Government, to perhaps four times that
number; and yet the proposition now is to es-
tablish a printing "office, and to give the Presi-
dent the appointment of a Superintendent of that
office, who will have the employment of from
four to five hundred hands. This is the most ma-
terial objection, in my mind, to the establishment
of a Government printing office. Gentlemen may
say that this is a small matter; yet executive
patronage may, by such means, be increased until
its power and influence will become irresistible,
and a despotism be established, whilst the people
will be mocked by the forms of a free Government.
But that is not all. I have failed to be con-
vinced that it will result in the saving of expense
to the Government in the execution of the public
printing. I assert, as a correct proposition, that
the Federal Government ought to engage in no
work, except where a large amount may be re-
quired to be done upon an unexpected emergency.
Upon this principle, it is the policy of the Gov-
ernment to maintain navy-yards, armories, and
such like; but in the matter of printing there is
no such necessity. Facts outweigh theories,
speculations,and opinions, whether they be from
a practical printer or from anybody else. Some
of these witnesses, who are practical printers, teH
the House that from one hundred to one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars annually will be saved
by the establishment of a Government printing
office. Let me ask the gentleman from Ohio to
point out the first instance in the history of this
Government m which any work of the Govern-
ment has been executed as cheaply as it could
have been done by private individuals? There is
not in the execution of public works the same
sense of responsibility; there is not the same
economy of time and money; and there is largely
more waste, not to use a harsher term.
In calculating the expenses of a Government
printing office, other things, besides the cost of
executing the work, must be estimated. In the
first place, there must be invested a capital of
$200,000, m necessary buildings and materials.
This, at the governmental rates of interest, would
cost §12,000 per annum. Then, the wear and tear
of the office, according to the testimony of the wit-
nesses before the committee, is not less"than from
ten to fifteen per cent., which would be $20,000
more, in addition to the cost of doing the work.
The gentleman.from Ohio? in attempting to
avoid objections which have been urged against
his proposed amendment, has said that it has been
asked., why not as well establish a Government
paper-mill? Well, sir, I do not ask why not estab-
lish a paper-mill; butl do ask, that, if the letting
out of woik to the lowest bidder is so objection-
able as the gentleman has contended, why has he
provided in his bill for letting out the contract for
furnishing the paper to the lowest bidder? Why
not go out into open market and purchase paper
wherever the Government can find it? The gen-
tleman also asks, why not let out the I-'ension
bureau, and all the bureaus and offices of the Gov-
ernment, and have the clerical work done by the
lowest bidder? For this reason: that, in these
offices competency and fidelity are always re-
quired, and because some of those officers are fre-
quently called upon to act in a judicial capacity.
These are tilings which could not properly be let
out to the lowest bidder or be performed by con-
tract. But when it comes to the execution of the
work on a public building, to do public printing,
or other matters of that character, it can be done
with greater economy—with a saving of more
money to the Government than by any other plan.
Tile argument which the gentleman from Ohio
has pressed against the contract system, applies
to that system as it exists at present, but not to
the system proposed by the minority of the com-
mittee. And this brings me to consider the present
system, and the plan proposed by the majority.
The first great objection which exists to the
present plan is, that it leaves the election of
Printer for the House of Representatives to the
House, and for the Senate to the Senate. I con-
cur in the argument of the gentleman from Ohio
against the policy of electing Printers by the re-
spective Houses of Congress. The result has
been, that the office of Printer has become a
purely political office, and is bestowed, by nil'par-
ties, as a reward for political and partisan ser-
vices. As long as this is the case, it follows that-
the majority of the House will order printing in
a reckless manner, without regard toexpenserfor
the purpose of rewarding the partisan whom thoy
have elected to the office. From this cause has
originated much of the extravagance which has
existed in the public printing.
It has been said by the majority of the com-
mittee that the present rates of paying for the
public printing are extravagant. 1 concur in that
assertion. But I apprehend that from an exam-
ination of the testimony, which was adduced be-
fore the Committee on Public Expenditures, the
amount of reduction proposed by the majority
report is too large. If the present system is to be
retained; in other words, if the House is to have
a separate Printer, and the Senate is to have a
separate Printer, they cannot do the printing for-
their respective Houses at the reduction proposed
by the majority of the committee, of forty per
cent. Mr. Wendell, in his testimony, states that,
under the present manner of doing the work, the
present rates are. not too high. Mr. English says
the profits arc from ten to thirty per cent. Mr.
Larcombe says they are twenty-five per cent.
Mr. Towers says that the public printing, as at
present done, yields a profit of about twenty-five
per cent. The result of a reduction of forty per
cent, on the rates, therefore, would be that no more
printing would be done for the Government.
I am in favor of a reduction; and a redaction of
about twenty-five per cent, would, in .my opinion,
bo right and proper, if the present system is to be
continued.
The plan proposed by the minority of the com-
mittee seeks to remove this objection of having
two Printers to do the work of the Government
elected by the respective Houses of Congress.
Whenever Mr. Wendell or other witnesses tes-
tify that the printing could be done at one half of
the present amountexpended, itisupon thecondi-
tion that one man shall have the execution of the
entire printing for both Houses of Congress and
the Executive Departments. This is the plan the
minority proposes. The proposition of the mi-
nority is, that the office of Superintendent of the
Public Priti ting shall be continued as now, and that
lie shall let out the entire printing of the Govern-
ment, of the House, of the Senate, and of the Ex-
ecutive Departments to the lowest bidder, who
shall give a good and sufficient bond to execute
his contract. -What is the objection which has
been urged to that system ? We are told that the
Government has tried the contract system, and
that it has failed. Why was it that it failed? Whoso
fault was it? It was the fault of Congress, in not
enforcing the law which required the contractor
to execute his contract, and not of the system. It
was because they compensated him by special
legislation for his alleged losses in consequence of
his contract.
Mr. Speaker, the testimony before us is amplo
that, if the work is let out by contract to the low-
est bidder, it can be done by one man for fifty per
cent, below the present prices; nndwould resultin
a saving to the Government of more, therefore,
than the gentleman from Ohio claims for his sys-
tem, or than the gentleman from New York pro-
poses in his report,.
ISo\v%, Mr. Speaker, without dwelling longer
upon the merits of these respective propositions,
I think it may be safely asserted that the most
economical and efficient plan is that by which the
entire printing shall be executed by one contract-
or, and be wholly separated from executive or
congressional influence and patronage. Then
Congress would have no motive to order unneces-
sary printing. The amount which the printing
would cost would be known and exactly reported
to the Government. It would be to the interest
of the contractor to do it as cheaply as he could,
and he would receive fair compensation for his
work from the Government, according to the
terms of his contract.
Mr. Speaker, £ have dwelt longer on this part
of the subject than I intended. I propose, in con-
clusion, to submit a few remarks m answer to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haskin,] in his
attack upon the President and the Attorney Gen-
eral. In reference to the transfer of the Consti-
tution, 1 desire to have read by the Clerk the
testimony of Mr. Wendell, who is the witness
