1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
the "twin relics of barbarism''—I apprehend that
we have one of the twins here, whether the other.
exists or not. It is conceded upon all sides that
we have here one relic of barbarism;and that it is
our duty to suppress it.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman does not ap-
prehend the point of my question. I did not pro-
pose to ask his opinion about polygamy and sla-
very. My question was, whether he believed that
the Constitution confers upon Congress sovereign
power over the Territories of the United States
for their government? 1 understood him to deny
that this Government was sovereign.
Mr. GOOCH. I say Congress has full power
over the Territories, subject only to the Constitu-
tion. I believe they have control of all legitimate
subjects of legislation; but that in all their legis-
lation for the'Territories they must act in accord-
ance with, and not in conflict with, any principle
or provision of the Constitution.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the gentleman believe
that Congress possesses sovereign power over the
Territories?
Mr. GOOCH. I believe it possesses full power,
with the limitation I mentioned. If the gentleman
had asked me. whether, if I had been m the Re-
publican convention, and had been drawing up that
resolution, I would have used the word "sover-
eign," I would answer, I would not. But I point
out here the precise sense in which the word is
used in common parlance, and as ltis understood by
the Republican party. I do not understand that the
Republican party ever proposed to pass any act of
legislation for a Territory or a State, or any other
place whatever, which should be in conflict with
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. THAYER. I would like to ask my col-
league, Mr. Speaker, what kind of sovereignty
he would prefer—that under which the people of
Egypt were controlled by Pharaoh, based on corn,
or that by which the people of aTerritory would
be controlled, based upon land ?
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, as I do not recog-
nize either sovereignty, I do not see how I can
answer my colleague's question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a single question upon
that branch which he is now discus-sing. it is
this: the terms "sovereignty" and " sovereign
power" are terms which we all know have tech-
nical significations given to them by publicists—
writers on general law. I would like to know
whether he thinks there is such a power in this
Government; and if so, where it resides?
Mr. GOOCH. If I wanted to find sovereignty
in this Government, I should say that 1 could not
find it. If I wanted to find sovereignty in the
people who-inhabit this country, I would sny to
them: " When you have struck down your Con-
stitution, when you have repealed all your laws,
-when you acknowledge no earthly power or au-
thority as above and binding on you, and when
you declare that you have the right to do what
you choose, then you will have sovereignty, but
not till then."
Mr. BARKSDALE. Under the limitation of
the Constitution, to which you have referred, do
you believe that Congress has authority to pro-
hibit polygamy in the Territories, and to abolish
slavery ?
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi is coming right back to his original ques-
tion. I thought we had settled that, and that
there was a truce to that question, for the pur-
pose of this discussion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman fiom
Massachusetts refused at that time to answer my
question, but it is now connected with the argu-
ment he is making. I desire to know from him,
then, if, under the limitation of the Constitution
to which he has referred, he believes that Con-
gross can prevent polygamy and slavery in the
Territories; for this is a part of his platform?
Mr. GOOCH. I have been arguing ail along
that Congress has the power to prohibit polyg-
amy; ami! have made a terrible mistake if the gen-
tleman from Mississippi has not ascertained that
fact yet. With reference to the institution of sla-
very,! told the gentleman,when he wanted to know
my bcuof, that I did believe that Congress had the
power to prohibit slavery in a Territory. And I
told him, still further, that whenever the question
was legitimately before the House, I would discuss
it with him, if he desired. But I said to him then,
and I say to him now, that it is not connected
with the matter now under consideration, and that
I desired that the question of slavery should not
be brought in now, in connection with the crime
of polygamy.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Slavery and polygamy
are connected in the platform of your party, as
" twin relics of barbarism." That was the reason
that I asked the question.
Mr. GOOCH. When I make a speech on the
Philadelphiaplatform, or on any other platform of
my party, I will discuss that question. But I do
not feel under any obligation to discuss it every
time I get up in the House, because some gentle-
man tells me that there are articles of that kind in
the platform of my party. 1 might tell the gentle-
man that, in my judgment, there was squatter
sovereignty in the last platform of his own party;
and I might insist upon it every time he arises in
the House, that he should discuss that question.
Mr. MAYNARD. The question which I just
now propounded to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts was a practical question; but I intend-
ed to follow it up with the additional inquiry,
whether he regards the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States as the representative of sovereign power
in this country, or whether he believes that the
people havg that power, above and superior to and
higher than the Constitution? The gentleman
will see the pertinency and tendency of the ques-
tion, and answer it candidly.
Mr. GOOCH. I have no doubt that the peo-
ple have power beyond the Constitution. But
what kind of power is it? It is a revolutionary
power. It is a right to destroy their constitution
and form of government, and to create another in
its place. Of course the gentleman from Tennes-
see does not want to know from me, whether the
Constitution of the United States has absorbed all
the power of the people. Nobody understands
that; no man dreams it. They have every power
themselves, excepting what they have expressly
delegated away.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts understands that the right of revolu-
tion, or the power of revolution, is not a right or
a power in the Government, but is simply a re-
served ultimate right to destroy the Government
and establish another. The question I asked him
was with reference to the Government as it now
exists. The question was, whether the Consti-
tution is the ultimate residuary power, or whether
there is a sovereignty over and above the Consti-
tution?
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, I apprehend that
no man ever contended that the Constitution was
a residuum of power. I never understood so. I
always supposed that what was ill the Constitu-
tion was expressly put there, and what was not
in the Constitution belonged to the people of all
the States. I supposed there could be no differ-
ence of opinion between the gentleman from Ten-
nessee and myself in reference to this matter. I
am sure he could not have inferred, from any re-
mark that I have made, that the Constitution had
any powers excepting those that were expressly
granted to it. Now, what I did soy was this:
that the people themselves were not sovereign;
that they could not have sovereign power, so long
as they acknowledge the binding force ofthe Con-
stitution. What I say with reference to sover-
eignty is, that there is nothmgabove it; that there
is nothing that can control it. It may will what
it pleases, and what it wills it may do. There is
no power and no provision to restrain it. When
the people of a country have thrown oft" all checks,
they come together and act in a sovereign capaci-
ty in deciding what shall be done.
We all know that a man, individually and in
respect to some things, has sovereign power; that
is, there is no power above him with regard to
some particular tilings. What he wills, he may
do; and what lie does, no mail can say aught
against. Some may designate that as sovereign
power; but I did not propose to descend into any
such particulars. One word with reference to what
is to be the policy of this Government. My col-
league, [Mr. Tiiateh,] speaking of the General
Government, says:
" I deny that it lias now, or evei liacl, any moral rigltt tQ
govern Amcucan citizens in the Territories."
Now, what is the fact? What has been the
practice of the Government? Why, sir, it has
been the practice of the Government to legislate
for the Territories in every relation, from its very
inception to the present moment; and when my
colleague says this Government has no moral
power, I submit that he makes a greater reflec-
tion on all the past action of this Government, on
the men who founded it, on the men who have
administered it tip to the present time, than it
seemed to me possible-for any man to make.' If
they have not the moral power, I apprehend they
have not the legal power. I apprehend that my
colleague will not contend that any Government
can do legally that which is immoral... I appre-
hend that if, in any instance, I have established
that a certain thing would be immoral, I have put.
it beyond the just power of legislation. I do not
believe that there is a gentleman here who will
rise in his place, and say that the Government has
any legitimate power to pass acts which may be
valid as acts of legislation, and yet be immoral in
their character. I do not believe there is any law-
yer in the House who would, for a moment,
maintain any such doctrine. Now, sir, it seems —
to me, that before I had laid down any 'such prop-
osition, before I had announced it in this House,
I should have satisfied myself well that I could
not be mistaken in regard to it.
I should want, I think, the concurrence of other
judgments than my own before I was ready to
plSce myself in opposition to the practice and pol-
icy of the GoTernment, in opposition to the set-
tled convictions of all the men who have ever ad-
ministered the Government.
But, sir, my colleague asserts that we do not
intend to enforce this bill which is now before us
from the Judiciary Committee, should it become
a law. I know not why he makes such an asser-
tion. So fur as I am concerned, and so far as I
understand the feeling of those who support this
bill, they arc prepared to enact it into a law; and
having enacted it into a law, they are ready to
treat this law as they do all other laws, and to use
all the power and force of the Government neccs-
pary to enforce it. And if all the forceand power
of the Government are not sufficient to accomplish
that object, so far as this matter is concerned, the
Government is simply impotent, and not able to
carry out its own acts.
I clo not understand that there is any man here
who claims that there is any measure of legisla-
tion which this Congress has the right to adopt,
which it has not the power to cnforce; and I do
not believe that there are any members of this
House who are going to take the position to-day
that there are crimes growing up in our midst
upon which we have the right to legislate, yet
that we have not the power to enforce our laws.
Now, what is the proposition of my colleague ?
How does he propose to remedy this evil? Why,
sir, he proposes to let the people go into these
Territories without any legislation whatever, and
with nothing but the machinery of a land district
to restrain them! If his proposition had come from1
the Delegate from tftah, I think I should have un-
derstood it; I think I should have known what it
meant; I think I should have seen the wisdom of
it; but coming from my colleague, I do notunder-
standit or seethe wisdom of it. He proposes that
there shall be no legislation at all in these Terri-
tories. Is not that precisely what the Mormons
ask ?
Mr. THAYER. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. GOOCII. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER. My colleague assures the
House that, if my proposition had come from the
Delegate from Utah, he should have understood
it. Let me say to my colleague that a gentleman
has informed me this mornine that the Delegate
from Utah says, " Pass anything but Thayer's
proposition."
Mr. GOOCH. Well, I do not know but what
the Delegate from Utah may have said so; but I
think it would be very easy to satisfy the Dele-
gate from Utali that that proposition would be the
very best one for his church which this House
could possibly pass.
Mr. HOOPER. I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts misunderstands the wishes of my
constituents. They do not ask any legislation
by Congress on this subject. They desire to be
left as they are, under the present organic law.
They do not wish to be left without any govern-
ment or Legislature, in a state of anarchy.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman says that he
