1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday} January 19, 18G0.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. T. M. Carson.
The 3 o ui na.1 of yesterday was read and approved.
TIIE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated thatthe question first in order
was on the admissibility of the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hutchins;] and that
on that question the gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Hindman] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The question was put; and on a division of the
House, there were—ayes 25, noes 34.
Mr. WINSLOW. Not a quorum.
The CLERK. The call of the House, then, is
refused.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion for a call of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 114; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Allen, William C. Ander-
son, Avery, Barksdale, Bocoek, Boteler, Bouhgny, Biab-
pon, Branch, Bnggs, Bnstovv, Burch, Burnett,Carey, John
B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Burton
Craige, Davidson, Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Garnett,
Gartrcll, Hamilton, Hardeman, Iia«km, Ilatton, Hawkins,
Hindman, Holinan, Houston, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, Lamar,
Landrum, Larrabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan,
Love, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand,
McQueen, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore,
Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Peyton,
Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson,
Itutfm, Scott, Sunms, William Smith, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallan^
dieham, Vance, Winteley, Wmslow, and Wright—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aidnch,
Alley, Thomas L Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Bmiett,
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake. Bravton, Buffmton, Builm
game, Burnham, Burroughs, Butterfield,Campbell,Caitei,
Case, Colfax, Corwm, Oovode, Cuitis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,Ely, English, Eth
eridge, Farnsworth.Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank. French,
Gilmer,Gooch,Graham,Grow. Guricy, lielimck, Hickman,
Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kcnyon, Kilgore, KLlltnger, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, LongnecJter, Loorois, Lovejoy, Marion, McKean,
MeKnight, Millward, Moorhead, Morrill, Mor.-e, Nelson,
Nixon,Noell,Olin, Palmer,Pendleton, Pennington, Pern,
Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Riggs, Christopher Rob-
inson, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Spauld ing, Spinner, William Stewart, Stout, Stratton, Tap-
pan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Train, Tumble, Van
Wyck, Verree, Wade, Waldron, VVaiton, Cadwalader (J.
Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa^bburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Wilson, Windom, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodson—114.
So a call of the House was refused.
During the call,
Mr. CAREY stated that Mr. St\nton was
paired off with Mr. Harris, of Virginia.
Mr. CLEMENS stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Stevens from Monday of last week
until next Monday week.
Mr. HOWARD stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Hale.
Mr. HINDMAN. I sought the floor yester-
day with no purpose of making what is called a
set speech; nor do I intend to make one now. As
the House did not then seem disposed to proceed
to a ballot, 1 supposed I might, with some pro-
priety, occupy a few moments in showing where
the responsibility of the failure to organize rests.
That was my object yesterday, and it is my ob-
ject now. To carry it out, it may be necessary
"to allude to general issues; but it will not be ne-
cessary, I imagine, to discuss them at any length.
Confining myself, as closely as possible, to my
original design, I shall consume but a small part
of the day.
When we met here on the 5th of December, it
was hoped thatan organization would be effected at
once, and the business of the country taken up and
promptly dispatched. But in that we have failed.
Six weeks of fruitless ballotings leave the House
still unorganized, and with no apparent prospect
of organizing. Under such circumstances, it is
not to be thought that all of us will escape public
censure. The hope of the people,so bitterly disap-
pointed, already turns to indignation. Their own
common sense tells them there is culpability some-
where; and that same common sense will single
out the men who are blamable. When that is
done, and the real authors of the existing condi-
tion of things arc known: when all their flimsy
disguisesaretorn from them, and they are exposed
as guilty of stopping the wheels of the "Government,
their punishment will in proportion to the im-
mense weight of national calamity and disgrace,
and of individual suffering and ruin, which they
have produced.
Over what men does this blow of annihilation
hang suspended? On what party will it fall?
That is the problem to which our action, as indi-
viduals and as members of parties, is the key. The
people will use it for reaching the proper solution.
They will fix the responsibility where it belongs.
I, for one, am ready for that trial, and feel confi-
dent, beyond every doubt, that the political party
with which I have been acting, and am proud to
act, has no cause to shun investigation, or to dread
the sentence that will be pronounced.
At the opening of the session, a formidable po-
litical organization, from the northern States ex-
clusively, claimed control of all the offices to be
filled. Its enure vote, lacking but three or four of
a majority of the whole number, was concentrated
upon a single candidate for Speaker—Mr. Sher-
man, of Ohio. If the principles and policy of that
party had been at all national, if the antecedents
of its candidate had been in the least degree con-
servative, there would, perhaps, have been no suf-
ficient excuse for prolonged and unrelenting op-
position on our part. After such resistance as
would have savea our honor, as a party, we might
have made a virtue of necessity and gracefully
acquiesced'in its success.
But in the present case, the most conscientious
convictions of duty allowed us no such alterna-
tive. The party opposed to us was, and is, that
known as Republican—a title synonymous, in our
estimation, with sectionalism, with hostility to
State rights, with disloyalty to the Constitution,
with treason to the Government, and with civil
war, bloodshed, murder, and rapine.
That it is a scctional party, is shown by the fact
that it has no representative here except from the
northern States, and that it sprang to life out of
the festering prejudices of northern anti-slavury
malignity, and is kept alive by appeals to those
prejudices only.
That it is hostile to State rights, and disloyal to
the Constitution, is shown by its openly avowed
intention to keep the leading property interest of
the South out of the common Territories, by con-
gressional prohibition of slavery there, which the
Supreme Court of the Union has solemnly ad-
judged to be unconstitutional.
That it is a treasonable party is shown by its
nullification of the fugitive slave law, in at least
eight northern States, and its persistent refusal to
comply with the Federal compact for the deliver-
ing up of fugitive slaves. Not only is this done
in that number of States, but constant efforts are
made to add to the black list of recreant and dis-
honored sovereignties.
In the great State of New York, an appeal and
petition have been circulated for signatures, re-
questing the Legislature to accomplish there also ]
the nullification of the fugitive slave law, and the I
nullification of the Federal compact, by passing |
one of these shameful " personal-liberty bills.'' i
That appeal and petition I ask the Clerk to read. I
The Cleik read, as follows: |
n12w york a. free state. i
At an informal mooting of persons favorable to the enact- j
mentof a personal -liberty law, held m Albany on the 13th
day of September, 1859, the following appeal was adopted,
and ordered to be published.
A. M. POWELL, Chairman.
Geo E. Baker, Secretary.
 dppcal to the People of the Stale of New York.
Shall the Foil of the Empire State be longer polluted by
the track of the slave hunter?
Shall we ourselves be subject to his call to cha-e and
catch his human prev?
Shall we be subjected to fines and imprisonment for
lefusing thus to degrade and dehumanize ourselves?
Must our doors and hearts be eio -ed to the panting, starv-
ing stranger, who seeks shelter and protection fiorn the
remorseless kidnapper, that would drag turn back to the
woe* of the plantation from which he escaped.^
Mu<*t we. help to send him back to the land of chains and
tortures, fiom which he fled through troop - of bloodhounds
scenting out hi < track; through fore-sis where wild bea-ts
prowl in the darkness; through rivers and dismal swamp';
with no eye to pity him save God's, shining thtousrh the
north star, guiding his despairing child to the nearest a>>-
lum, where the wicked cease from troubling?
Serious, solemn, momentous, aie all these inquiries!
What shall our answer be? Fust, we will ask the Legis-
lature to pass a law that shall torever protect our State fiom
the desecrating presence of the slave hunter By the fugi-
tive slave bill of 1850, we aie now forbidden to shelter or
! assist theforlorneststrang"! whoeverappealedforoursym-
pathy and aid. Fine? and imprisonment* impend over us
for exercising one of the holiest charities of our religion.
The law of God is defiled. Vice, the foulest, the blackest,
is exalted to virtue; while virtue, humanity, and holiness,
are legislated into crimes, and Heaven's own conditions of
salvation are impiously rever-ed.
We reioice to believe that our Legislature, by passing a
personal IjIbekty bill, can icmedythese fearful wrongs.
A petition forsueh an act has been prepared to accompany
this appeal. You are asked to sign it, to circulate it> to ob-
tain loi it the names of all your neighbors and fellow citi-
zens, and to seed it, early in January, to the Legislature.
[Petitions maybe sent to your memberof Assembly or {Sen-
ator, or to George E. Baker, Albany, New York.]
Tins is no formal, idle request, but an earnest, well-con-
sidered appeal, m the name of God and humanity. And
this appeal is made to you, reader, whoever you may be, as
one upon whom the responsibility of God's law unceasingly
rests.  
petition.
To the Honorable Senate and
•Assembly of the State of Neiv York :
The undesigned, citizens of , State of Now York,
respectfully ask you to put an end to slave hunting, in
New Yoik, by enacting that no person, who has been held
as a slave, shall be delivered up, by any officer or court,
State oi Federal, within this State, to any one elaiminghim
on the ground that lie owes ''service or labor" to such
claimant by the laws of one of the slave States of this Union.
Mr. CURTIS, (to the Clerk.) Read the names
signed to that petition.
The CLERK. There are none.
Mr. CURTIS. I thought not.
Mr. HINDMAN. Do you deny the authen-
ticity of the petition ?
Mr. CURTIS. Not at all.
Mr. HINDMAN. It is simply the petition
itself, without any names affixed. The petitions,
with names attached, have no doubt been sent to
Albany, for presentation to the Legislature.
Mr. CURTIS. With due respect, I submit that
there are no names attached to it.
Mr. HINDMAN. That is of 110 consequence.
I refer to the members of the New York dele-
gation to know whether or not they indorse the
prayer of that petition; whether or not, if they
were members of the present Legislature of their
State, they would rote to comply with the request
which that petition makes.
Mr. BRTGGS. I, for one, say I would not.
Mr. HINDMAN. I am satisfied as to that; I
never dreamed that you would. 1 wish to be un-
derstood as addressing my inquiry to the Repub-
lican members from the State of New York.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I simply desire to say that
I believe the New York Republicans will neither
disclaim nor indorse. Their course in this will be
011 a par with the invariable conduct of that party:
they strike in the dark, and dare not meet the re-
sponsibility of their conduct.
Mr. HINDMAN. My friend from Mississippi
is right. They do not answer. Their silence is
evidence of the fact that they dare not, here on
this floor, avow the sentiments which they enter-
tain on this subject. It may perhaps be not in-
appropriate in me now to digress a little from the
line of my argument, for the purpose of exposing,
by facts of recent occurrence, that degree of blind-
ness with which fanatics habitually look abroad
in quest of imaginary evils—not seeing or caring
to see real and terrible wrongs at their own door.
I have seen, within a few hours past, certain pro-
ceedings of the Pemberton mills operatives, in
Massachusetts, published iu the New York Her-
ald of yesterday, which I ask to be read as a por-
tion of my remarks.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Proceedings of the Pemberton Spinning Operatives and
Strikers
1. Resolved, That we, the spinners of the frame or ring
spinning on the Pemberton Mill Corpoiation, have long
enough endured the low prices for our hard labor—wages
which are ton low to live by, as we cannot meet our bills
for the necessities of life with such a contemptible com-
pensation tor our labor as has been paid us for the past year.
2. Resohcd* That we respectfully solicit a public inves-
tigation of the facts of the case, and a public exposure of
the oppression and tyranny, abuse and obscenity, which
have been peipetrated upon the female department of the
Pemberton spuming room, from time to tune, by cringing
tools ot a monopolist coiporation.
'3. Resolved, That such language, and such obscene be-
havior, such malicious abuse, a^ we have endured from
time to time, perpetrated upon us by the menials and slave-
driver?- m htgh and low places, placed over us to drive and
hunt u> down 111 our labor, fiom earlymorning until late
at night, is more appropriate to the barbarous or dark ages
than the enlightened age of the nineteenth century; yes,
more appiopuate to the slave drivers of the negroes of the
South than to the tyrannical monopolists of an enlightened
community, who seek to make the condition ol the white
laborers at the North worse than that ot the slaves ol the
South. * ~
5. Resolved, That such abuses, such vile and oppressive
