1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
thinks I mistake the position of his constituents,
and that they do not want any legislation. I do
not know. I do not profess to understand pre-
cisely what they do wish in this matter. But I
will only say this: that it seems to me that what
they have endeavored to do was to seek a posi-
tion where it would be hard fo* external legisla-
tion to reach them, to a certain extent; andl had
supposed that what they aslced was to be let alone
in the enjoyment of their own institutions, with
the right to do just what they please.
Mr. HOOPER. I would say to the gentleman
that the Mormons sought their present home in
^ie Rocky Mountains, not from choice, but from
necessity.
Mr. GOOCH. What is. the proposition of my
colleague? "Why, it has all the objectionable fea-
tures that the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois has, and it has some others. It says to
these people: " Go into these Territories and es-
tablish just such institutions as you please; this
—Government declares beforehand that it will not
interfere with you, that it has no moral right to
interfere with you; you may establish just such
institutions as you please and may live and grow
up in the enjoyment of them, and there is no
power on earth which has any moral right to in-
terfere with you or your institutions." I would
ask what any denomination similar to what I un-
derstand the Mormons, to be would desire other
thap that? if it is not precisely what they want?
If there arc any similar denominations existing in
other lands where they are interfered with at all
by the local laws, it seems tome that the very
best plan for them to pursue would be to find an
asylum in some one of our Territories, free ofre-
straint under the land district system of my col-
league. Why, a hundred or a thousand men,ac-
cording to that theory, mightgo into a Territory,
bind themselves, together by just such organiza-
tion as they chose, and say to all the outside
world, ""We will notpcrmitanother mail to enter
herc,"e'and yet the Government would have no
right to lay hands on them; no moral right to le-
gislate for them, and they might remain there in
possession of that Territory and control it as thpy
chose. It seems to me that this is precisely the
pomt to which my colleague's proposition tends,
and that the result of it would be, if carried out,
that communities would grow up in the Territo-
ries which never, by any possibility, would be in
a situation to be taken into this Confederacy and
admitted as States upon an equality with the other
States. I think that this proposition to leave a
Territory to govern itself, without organic law or
Legislature, or court, or executive, is an utler de-
sertion of tlic principles upon which this Govern-
ment has thus far acted, and of the policy which
it has pursued; and I trust that it will be the last
principle which the Government will ever adopt.
I hold that there is nothing more beautiful in
our system of Government than the fact that, pos-
sessing or acquiring territory, we can say to the
people 6f our own land, or of any other land, if
you choosp, "Go into it and take possession of it;
wo will aid you in your government until you
reach a certain point of maturity, and when we
believe that you are capable of governing your-
selves, we will then let you try the experiment;
we willthcn let you elect your own rulers and pass
your own laws, and we will pay all your ex-
penses; and if you conduct yourselves properly,if
you violate no principle of our Constitution, if
you establish institutions in harmony with our in-
stitutions, we will not interfere with you; you may
go on thus in your territorial condition, and when
Sou shall have reached a point where it is desira-
le for you and for us, wo will receive you into
the Union with us, avid put you, in every respect,
upon an equality with us." I say that I regard
that as one of the most beautiful features of our
institutions, and I say that it is one of the last
that I* would be willing to see stricken down or
deserted.
Mr. SIMMS obtained the floor.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on 'En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act for the relief of Elizabeth M. Cocke,
widow of the late Major James H. Cocke, late
marshal for the district of Texas; and
An act in relation to the return of undelivered
letters in the post office.
'POLYGAMY AGAIN.
Mr. SIMMS then proceeded to address the
House for an hour, upon the question before the
House. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. NELSON. I move the previous question
on the bill and pending amendments.
[Criesof "Oh, no!" "No!"]
Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a privileged question.
The gentleman from Tennessee, 1 understand,
calls the previous question on the whole bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. No; on the pending amend-
ments. He said so expressly.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, under that new rule,
the gentlemen from Tennessee has a right to call
the previous question on a pending amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes in
the chair.) On all the pending amendments.
Mr. BRANCH. On a single pending amend-
ment at once; and after the previous question is
ordered, no call of the House is in order. I wish
to give notice now, that when the previous ques-
tion shall have been sustained, I will, under the
rules of the House, as the mover of an amend-
ment, claim the privilege of occupying one hour
in defense of it.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to know if the amend-
ment which I offered is recognized as being one
of the pending amendments ?
Mr.WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to know
whether the previous question has been called on
the bill ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
question has been called on the pending amend-
ments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, r call the pre-
vious question on the bill.
Mr. GROW. I understood the gentleman from
Tennessee to call it on the bill and amendments.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Tennessee will state his motion.
Mr. NELSON. I state that I call the previous
question on the bill and pending amendments.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to know if my amend-
ment is one of the pending amendments ?
Mr. BRAIN CH. Let us know whether the pre-
vious question is called on the bill or on the pend-
ing amendments ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is,
will the House second the previous question on
the bill and pending amendments ?
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Cliairhold that, if the
previous question be sustained, all other amend-
ments will be cut oil", except th se two that are
pending ?.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair so un-
derstands it.
Mr. BRAN CH. Then I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained. ,
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to know from the Chair
whether or not, if the previous question be sus-
tained, those who have offered amendments will
have a right to discuss them ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Of course not;
and I object to debate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate will
be in order.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I wish to make one state-
ment. It i3 this: the floor lias been farmed out
to different persons; and members have not been
recognised when they rose and addressed the
Speaker. Gentlemen who desired to speak have
been excluded and prevented. [Loud calls to
order.]
Mr. REAGAN. I ask for information, and I
appeal to the Speaker to give it to me, for I am en-
titled to it; and I am not to bo put down in this
sort of way. I want to know if my amendment
is one of the pending amendments?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the amendment of the gentleman
from Texas is not in.
Mr. REAGAN. Then, as I offered it and sup-
posed that it would be so regarded, I ask that it
be recognizcd as a pending amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to anything of the
kind.
Mr. BRANCH. I call the previous question on
the pending amendment, under the ne\v rule; which
call will take precedence Of the demand for the
previo.us question on the bill and all the amend-
ments.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call the pre-
vious question on the bill and amendments.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] has done that already.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pending
question is on the demand of the gentleman from
Tennessee for the previous question on the bill and
amendments; on which the Chair will order tell-
ers, and appoints Messrs. Train and Phelps to
act as tellers.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Chair decide that I
cannot call the previous question on the pending
amendment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that the motion for the previous question
on the bjll and amendments takes precedence of
the motion of the gentleman from North Carolina
for the previous question upon the pending amend-
ment only.
Mr. CURRY. I ask that the bill and all the
pending amendments may be reported to the
House. [Cries of "Too late; the House is di-
viding!"] The House has not yet commenced to
divide.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They can be read
by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, and others, ob-
iected.
Mr. CURRY. Well, then, I make a point of
order. The point of order which I make—and I
do it in good faith, because I really do not know
whatamendments are pending—is, that before the
House commences to divide, I have a right to have
the bill and the pending amendments reported.
• The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill and the
pending amendments have already been read once;
and no member of the House, as the Chair un-
derstands it, has a right to demand, as amattcrof
right, that they shall be read again.
Mr. REAGAN. Before the previous question
is seconded, I wish my amendment to be con-
sidered as one of the pending amendments.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can be enter-
tained as such only by unanimous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I take it that there will
be no objection to having the bill and amendments
read.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that by general con-
sent, as this is a bill that will undoubtedly pass
the 
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is in
order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that, by general con-
sent, the House will allow all the amendments
which have been indicated te be considered as
before the House, and to be voted on. [Cries of
"Object!"]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to know
whether the Chair has decided that it is not the
right of the gcntlaman from Alabama [Mr. Corky]
to call fbr the reading of the bill and amendments ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is nt>t in order
at this time.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. From that decision
of the Chair I take an appeal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to lay
the appeal upon the table.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I call for the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I think this whole difficulty
can be obviated. Gentlemen only desire to know
what amendments are pending. If the Chair will
indicate by the names of the movers the amend-
ments pending, the whole difficulty will probably
be removed. I suggest that that be done. So
many amendments have been offered or indicated,
that we really do not know what the pending
amendments are.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to know
whether gentlemen upon the other side of the
House are now willing that the bill and the
amendments shall be read?
Mr. PHELPS. Only the amendments. We do
not want the bill read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pending
amendments are follows: first, the amendment
of the gentlemanfromTennessee, [Mr. Nelson,]
to which the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr
Branch] has offered his as an amendment.
