2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
relied upon by the gentleman to establish his
charge of fraud and corruption; and to have read
also the contract referred to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Witness. When I transferred the organ to Bowman it
was called The Union then, and he named it The Con-
stitution. It was stipulated that I should pay from the pro-
ceeds of the printing of the Post Office blanks $-20,000 per
annum until the ensuing session of Congress, when it was
supposed he would be elected the Senate Printer. My stip-
ulation was to continue with Bowman as long as the ex-
ecutive work, or work claimed under the head of execu-
tive work and coming from the Executive Departments,
which was then given me, should be left in my hands."
* * * * ******
Mr. G. W. Bowman again called, and examined.
" As> desired at a previous meeting, he produced a bill of
pale of the Union newspaper establishment from C. Wen-
dell to himself, as follows:
" Know all men by these presents, that 1, Cornelius Wen-
dell, of Washington, in the District of Columbia, printer,
for a valuable consideration to me paid by George W. Bow-
man. of said Washington, now Superintendent of 1 ubhe
Printing, the receipt whereof I hereby acknowledge, do
hereby give, grant, bargain, sell, and convey unto the said
Bowman, his heirs and assigns forever, the newspaper es-
tablishment in said Washington, known as the Wash-
ington Union, and now owned and published by me,
together with all the property thereunto appertaining, mean-
ing to include the name, good will, press, anil printing and
oilier materials belonging to and used in the establishment;
provided, however, that said Bowman is to have no part
of any debts due the establishment, and is to be responsi-
ble for none el* its liabilities. To have and to hold to him,
the said Bowman, his neirs and assigns tbrevur.
44 And I covenant with the *aid Bowman, his heirs and
assigns, for myself, my hens and assigns, that I am the true
and lawful owner of said property, and have good right to
sell iho same in manner atorehaul.
- Willies* my hand and seal, this twenty-sixth day of
March, A. D. eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
14CORNELIUS WENDELL, [seal.]"
~Mr. CLOPTON. 1 take it for granted, Mr.
Speaker, that every member of this House recog-
nizes the legal principle of evidence that the writ-
ten contract is the highest and best evidence of
what was done, and what was the understanding
between the parties—much more reliable than a
fiuil memory or a false heart. The gentleman
from New \ ork says that the Attorney General
acted in drawing up that contract, as Mr. Wen-
dell lias stated in his testimony, and that, there-
fore, he lent himself to appropriating the proceeds
derived from the printing of the Post Office blanks
to political purposes. No portion of the testi-
mony implicates him in that respect. All the con-
nection which he is shown to have had with it,
even according to the testimony of Mr. Wendell,
is, that he drew the contract which 1 have just
had read from the Clerk's desk; and having
merely drawn that contract, there is no further
evidence that he knew anything of any secret un-
derstanding between Mr. Bowman and Mr. Wen-
dell in regard to the appropriation of the money
m the manner asserted by the gentleman from
New York. The Attorney General is not more
involved than any lawyer ignorant of the secret
purposes of the parties would be, who, in his pro-
fessional capacity should draw a conveyance for
other persons, fair upon its face.
The gentleman also says that the President, by
ft usurpation of power, and m violation of law,
has appropriated the proceeds of the executive
printing to sustaining his partisan presses. I de-
sire to ask the gentleman from New York what
usurpation has the President exercised, and what
law has he violated?
Mr. IIASKiN. I am glad that the gentleman
fiom Alabama has propounded the question to
me. I soy that the evidence adduccd before the
committee of the Senate, and before the Commit-
tee on Public Expenditures of this House, shows
that Mr. Apploton, Assistant Secretary of State,
and the fulus Jlchutes of the President of the Uni-
ted States, and the President himself, were con-
sulted in relation to the distribution of the proceeds
arising from the printing of the Post Office blanks
to the newspaper known as the Pennsylvanian,
of which Mr. Baker was at one time editor; to the
Evening Argus, also published in Philadelphia;
and to the Constitution, which is carried on here
under the management of Mr. Bowman.
My proposition is ihis: that Mr. Buchanan,as
the chief executive officer of this Government,
whose duty it was to communicate to Congress
all matters pertaining to properand suitable legis-
lation, when he lent himself to a conference held
between the parties oil the subject of the profits
arising from the Post Office blanks printing, at
ieast winked at that which ought to have been
reformed. I assert that it was beneath his dignity
as the executive officer of this Government. In
my judgment it was a usurpation of power on
hts part,and on the fart of the Attorney General,
who is a creature of his, to lend themselves to the
perpetuation of a system of public expenditure
disgraceful ill itself and injurious to the public
morals. That is all I intended to say when I
spoke before.
Mr. CLOPTON. Before the gentleman takes
his seat, I askliim again, what law has the Presi-
dent or Attorney General violated ? _
Mr. HASKIN. If the gentleman intends to be
punctilious, I can and do say that the President
did not violate any particular law. The law gave
the ordering of the printing of these various Ex-
ecutive Departments to the heads of them; but if
the gentleman from Alabama is familiar with the
evidence adduced before the committee, of which
he is a member, as I believe he is, he knows that
it is an incontrovertible fact, that, under Mr.
Pierce's administration, as under the present
Administration, the Executive lias distributed the
printing patronage of the Executive Departments
of the Government to his favorites. Although it
is not, per se, a violation of the law of 1852, yet,
as legislators, we ought to consider the vast pa-
tronage concentrated in the hands of the Execu-
tive. That patronage, sir, I believe we ought to
diminish. Under this Administration we know
that it has been more centralized than under any
previous Administration. These heads of Depart-
ments, who may be dismissed at the will of the
President, have yielded up to him the distribu-
tion of the public printing plunder, so that his
newspapers may be sustained. I hold, if not a
usurpation in law, it is in equity and good con-
science.
Mr. CLOPTON. The sum and substance of
the answer of the gentleman from New York is,
so far as his charge against the President and the
Attorney General is concerned, that they have
distributed the Government patronage among
their friends, instead of their enemies.
I have nothing to say in regard to the dignity
of the President. He is competent to take care
of that himself. I know there never has existed,
since the time parties have been divided in this
country, and there' never will exist a period, as
long as parties exist, but what the party in power
will reward its own friends and snpporteis.
The gentleman from New York says that the
testimony which was adduced before the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures—and I am quite
familiar with it, having given it close atten-
tion—shows that, by custom, the President directs
the Executive Departments,and that, according to
his direction, the heads of the Departments dis-
tribute this printing. 1 know that Mr. Wendell
stated that such was the custom; but I know, at
the same time, that the records of the Post Office
Department show that, by the order of Postmaster
Geneial Brown, in December, 1857, the printing
of the Post Office blanks, for use out of the city
of "Washington, was given to Mr. Rice, of the
Pennsylvanian. And 1 know that the records of
the same Department show that the order was
never revoked until May, 1859. Then, the giving
of this printing of the Post Office blanks to Mr.
Rice, who was connected, as editor, with the
Pennsylvanian, a paper friendly to the Adminis-
tration, was done by the head of the Department;
and the only manner in which they seek to con-
nect the President with it is upon the simple tes-
timony of Wendell that such has been the custom.
I suppose—and it would be reasonable and
proper that it should be so—that the head of a
Department would consul t the wishes of the Pres-
ident in the administration ot the affairs of his
Department, just as the President would regard
the wishes of those who recommend to him per-
sons for appointment to office. Yea, much further,
for he is responsible to the people for the conduct
of his Cabinet officers.
The whole affair in reference to the Post Office
blanks is, that Congress has fixed the rates at
which the printing is to be paid for, as will be
found by looking at the act of 1852. Congress
has required that that printing shall be given
either to the Senate or House Printer, except such
as may be printed tor use out ot the city of vVash-
in^ton. Under this last provision ot the law, tile
head of the Post Office Department made this or-
der, giving the printing of these Post Office blanks
in 1857 to Rice, of the Pennsylvanian. Mr.
Wendell made a contract with Mr. Rice to do the
printing, and he sub-contracted it, as he states in
his testimony, to Mr. Crowell, of New Jersey.
But that cannot affect the course which the De-
partment saw fit to pursue. That Department
could not alter the rate of payment. It had noth-
ing to do with the price. It was compelled to pay
the amounts fixed uy the act of 1852.
Then, so far as the price which the Department
has paid for the public printing, the Postmaster
General or the President has not exceeded the
rates established by law. As to their giving it to
persons out of the city of Washington, they have
but exercised a power which the law gave them.
It matters not with the people or the Government
what particular person received the money. The
amount of Post Office printing which was done,
had to be done; and the amount paid had to be
paid according to the law, and whatever profits
have been derived from it, or whatever extrava-
gance has existed, the fault is in the law, and not
in the executive department. Who made these
rates? Congress, not the Executive; and the Print-
ers are paid in accordance with the rates fixed by
the existing law of 1852.
Then, I say, that the charges of extravagance,
which the gentleman from New York seeks to
fasten upon the President, and upon the Post Of-
fice Department, belong to Congress, which en-
acted the law, and has kept it in operation; and
not upon the executive officers, who have to pay
according to the law. Letthe responsibility, then,
rest where it properly belongs, and let not gen-
tlemen seek to throw it upon other shoulders,
I need not touch upon the allusion which has
been made as to the use of money in elections, as
testified to by Mr. Wendell. The testimony is
unsatisfactory in regard to it*, and "while Wendell
seeks to implicate a high officer of the Govern-
ment in the use of money, yet he had not the
boldness to come out and charge him directly.
The witness relies upon insinuations, by conver-
sations which no one else heard, and leaves ihe
matter to inference. I leave the testimony upon
that point to speak for itself; simply remarking
that the President, in his Duquesne letter, written
about the time to which the witness refers, con-
demned, as every patriot must condemn, the cor-
rupting use of money in elections; and that, for
the honor of my section, I svas gratified by the
statement of the witness, that southern gentlemen
do not indulge in this expensive luxury; that Ilia
offers to assist them in their elections had been
invariably refused.
The Constitution, which was transferred.to
Bowman, for which they say §20,000 was to be
paid out of the proceeds of the printing of the
Post Office blanks, by Mr. Wendell, next requires
some attention. At the time the contract was
made for the transfer of the Constitution, a con-
tract was in existence with Mr. Rice, of the Penn-
sylvama'n, to do the Post Office printing. Now,
Mr. Wendell says he was publishing the Consti-
tution at a loss of #19,000 per annum. He was
at the same time paying to Rice, in order that he
might exccute the printing of the Post Office
blanks, upwards of $17,000 per annum. In order
that lie might get rid of the publication of the
Constitution, he proposed to pay S20,000 pet'an-
num if he could obtain the Post Office printing;
and in order to satisfy Mr. Rice, who had the
contract for this printing, he received $10,000 of
the $20,000, and for Mr. Bowman to take the
Constitution, which was losing him §19,000 per
anmim, Mr. Wendell paid him $10,000.
But, says the gentleman from New York, this
was done under the sanction of the President.
Where is the evidence that the President had any-
thing to do with the contract between these re-
spective parties? The only portion of the testi-
mony before the House committee which connects
the President with it at all, is that wherein Mr.
Wendell states that when he desired to sell the
Constitution—the Union, as it was then called—
the President was informed of the fact by ilim in
a letter addressed to Senator Nicholson, but in-
tended for the President. A simple communica-
tion to him that Wendell desired to dispose of that
paper. For this information, the President is
certainly not responsible.
One remark in reference to Mr. Bowman, lne
gentleman from New York [Mr. Haskis] has
said that the only reform which he proposed
while ho was Superintendent of Public Printing,
