102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 3,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. The Calhoun Revolution: Its Basis and Its Progress—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
It has sometimes been said .that the* power
which Congress exercises is a power over the
Territory as property merely. Suppose we take
that position, that Congress controls it as mere
property; what then may Congress do ? What
may the owner of property do ? He may sell
it, or refuse to sell it; he may lease it, or refuse
to lease it; he may sell it to a white man, to an
Indian, to a negro, or he may refuse to sell it to
either; he can lease it to one, or refuse to lease
it to another. He can say that the foot of a slave
shall never tread upon it. If you concede that
Congress can control it as property, you concede
the whole ground of power; for Congress would
then have power to keep off every Chinaman,
every negro, every alien, and could keep off even
our own "citizens; and Congress does exercise the
power of keeping even our own citizens off cer-
tain portions of the public domain.
Again, you say that Congress is to treat it as
mere property. Well, let us view it in another
light. What do the facts show ? Look at Wis-
consin and Iowa, and then at Missouri. The
public lands of Wisconsin and Iowa have sold,
on an average, for almost a dollar an acre; and
why? Because they were not cursed with the
presence of a negro servile population, and were
peopled by freemen, and by them alone. How was
it with Missouri ? So long as it was understood
and generally believed that Missouri was to be a
slave State, and to remain a slave State, that pop-
ulation sought its home with rcluctance in Mis-
souri; and what has been the effect on your public
lands in that State of the presence of slave labor?
They scarcely averaged twenty-five cents an acre
—land jyst as good as it is in Wisconsin, just as
good as it is in Iowa. Why? Because slavery
existed in Missouri. So, if we are to come down
to the mere mercenary consideration of dollars and
cents, and discuss this as a question of property,
if Congress controls the Territory as mere prop-
erty, the question whether slavery should go into
Kansas or not, as a mere question of property
alone, would make $40,000,000 difference to the
people of the United States.
But another says he believes in popular sover-
eignty, and therefore Congress should have no
power to legislate for the Territories. So do 1
believe; but I will toll you the kind of popular
sovereignty that I believe in. The people of the
United States, and the States of the Union repre-
sented here in Congress, are the popular sover-
eigns in the Territories, and therefore Congress
should have power to legislate for them. The
people who purchase the Territories, who pay for
the Territories, who, if necessary, light for the
Territories; the people who own them, and expect
to settle in them, or send their children there; who
pay the expenses of the Legislatures, the judges,
and the Governors of the Territories—they are
the people who are rightfully sovereign in the
Territories of the United Status, and not the first
band of settlers who happen to go there, whether
from one State or from another. It is the people
and States of the whole United States represented
in Congress who are sovereign there -until the
Territories are grown up to sovereignty, when the
power of Congress over them should, cease, and
they be admitted into the sisterhood of States.
Again, sir, all must concede that Congress has
power to pass an organic act. What is that but
a law for the Territory—the fundamental law,
controlling all other territorial laws ? It is equally
certain that Congress can repeal or amend the
organic act. From this consideration alone, Mr.
Buchanan was right when he said the " inference
■isirresistible, that Congrcsshas the power to legislate*'
for the Territories.
But, Mr. President, to return once more to this
Drcd Scott decision. We arc alwavs bound to
respect the final decision of any court, so far as
the particular case is concerned, for the parties to
it are compelled to acquiesce in th<5 decision whert
the court have jurisdiction; but as to the political
opinions caressed by some of the judges in
making that decision, I feel compelled to say,
frankly, they do not command my respect. This
may be, perhaps, the first time when it is alleged
that the precise question has arisen before the Su-
preme Court of the United States as to the power
of Congress to legislate on the subject of slavery
in the Territories: but it is by no means the first
time the question has arisen before that court as
to the general power, or'the source cJf the consti-
tutional power, of Congress over the Territories.
That question has been presented to the court in
four or five different cases, running through a
period of almost fifty years. The first of these
cases, that of Sere vs. Pitot, arose in 1810, and is
reported in 6 Cranch, 336. The Supreme Court
of the United States, without any dissenting opin-
ion, and in the most explicit language, then de-
clared :
" The power of governing and legislating fora Territory
is the inevitable consequence of the right to acquire and
hold temtoiy. Could this position be contested, the Con-
stitution declares that ' Congress t-hall have power to dis-
pose of and make all needful rule?! and regulations respect-
in? the territory or other property belonging to the United
States ;J accordingly, we find Congiess poh> e bing and ex-
orcising the abs-oluto and undisputed power of governing
an<Wegislating for the Territory of Orleans."
Sir, can any court, in stating the power which
Congress exercises over the Territories of the
United States, use any broader language than
when it declares that Congress possesses and ex-
ercises the absolute and undisputed right of gov-
erning and legislating for a Territory ?
Again, in 1828—eighteen years afterwards—
Canter's case, which is reported in 1 Peters, 511,
came before the Supreme Court, and then the court
declared:
" In the mean time, Florida continues to be a Territory
of the United State*, governed by that clause of the Con-
stitution which empowers Congress 4 to make all needtul
nile* andiegni.itionn respecting the teiritory or other piop-
eity belonging to the United States." Perhaps the power of
governing a Tenitoiy belonging to the United States, which
has not, by becoming a State, acquired the means of self-
government, may result necessarily from the tacts that it is
not within the jurisdiction of any particular State, and is
within the power and jurisdiction of the United States.
The light to govern may be the inevitable con>equence of
the. right to acquire territory. Whichever may be the source
whence the power may be derived, the poi-session of it is
unquestioned.5'
That was the language of the Supreme Court,
with no dissenting voice. It was not the opinion
of a bare majority, where the whole woild knows
that the court is divided according to its politi-
cal opinions upon a question presented before it,
but the unanimous opinion of the whole court,
! declaring the power which Congress possesses
and exercises over the Territories of the Union.
Again, in the ease of McCulloch vs. Maryland, 4
Wheaton, 316; and again, in 1840,in the ease of
the United States r.s. Gratiot, l(i Peters, 537, the
court, m delivering its opinion, without a dissent-
ing voice, referred to this clause of the Constitu-
tion as the true and undoubted source of the power
over the Territories. And what is a remarkable
fact, which the country ought to know, in the
judicial history of this Government's, that as late
as the December term, 1853, a very few weeks be-
fore the introduction of the Nebraska bill, and the
proposition to repeal the Missouri compromise,
the Supreme Court of the United States, in an
opinion delivered by Judge Wayne, with the
unanimous approbation of the court, consisting of
the same judges that pronounced the Drcd Scott
opinion, speaking of the territory of California,
said:
uThe teuitory had been ceded as a conquest, and was
to bo preserved and governed as such until the sovereignty
to which it had parsed had legislated for it. That sover-
eignty wah the United States, undei the Constitution, by
which power had been given to Congress 1 to di-^po-e of and
make all needtul mles and l emulations respecting the terri-
tory or other propertv belonging to the United States.1
GVos vs. Harrisons, 16 Howard, 393.
Here we have the unanimous opinion of the
Supreme Court on eases arising at five different
peiiods in its history, beginning m 1810, and
coming down to 1853, when the judges, by no
divided opinions based upon political opinions or
otherwise, did as our fathers did—as Washington,
Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and Jackson did—
maintain and declare the right of Congress to ex-
ercise the undisputed power of legislating for the
Territories of the United States.
But let us now see upon what grounds they
avoid the effect of these decisions. They now
take the ground, among others, that that clause
of the Constitution of the United States does not
refer to any territory acquired since the Consti-
tution was formed; that it only referred to the ter-
ritory then belonging to the United States. That
is one of the grounds on which they place it; and
yet. the case coming up from Florida was in re-
lation to territory acquired afterwards; the case
coming up from Orleans was in relation to terri-
tory acquired in 1803; and the last, in relation to
California, acquired by the Mexican war or treaty
of peace—all of it territory acquired since the
Constitution took effect. Do not the majority of
that court plant themselves upon a very narrow
ground, to avoid the effect of its former decis-
ions?
Mr. President, when I am told by gentlemen
that I must respect the decisions of the Supremo
Court, and that my judgment must bow before
its opinion, I ask you which opinion ? An opinion
delivered by a divided court, in the midst of in-
tense excitement, upon a question of all others
the ground of political strife, and made in accord-
ance with preconceived political opinions and
party associations'1 Shall I bow my judgment
before that opinion, or shall I hold in revcrcncc
the opinion of that court, pronounced unani-
mously by its judges, through a period of near
forty years, in which they maintain, and declare
again and again and again, the unquestionable
and unquestioned power of Congress to legislate
over the Territories of the United States?
To the gentlemen upon the other side of the
Chamber, I would say, in all frankness, I do not
doubt your sincerity, nor question your integrity
when you tell me that the South has changed its
ground on this question; but when I concede to
you that, you must concede the same to me, and
those who act with me on this side of the Cham-
ber. I believe that every Administration of the
Government, from the beginning to 1847, has offi-
cially asserted and exercised this power. I also
believe that not only the supreme court of every
free State, but the supreme court of every slave
State in this Union, that ever gave an opinion on
the question previous to 1847, has always main-
tained that slavery rests upon local law and local
law alone; that the Constitution is not a general
charter to carry slavery all over the Territories of
the Union. No case, I believe, previous to 1847,
can be found when the supremecourt of any State,
North or South, has taken the ground that the
Constitution of thcUnitcdStates,of itsownforce,
carries the law of slavery into the Territories of
the Union. They, and all of them, whenever they
have spoken at all, have conceded to Congress the
unquestioned and unquestionable power to legis-
late for the Territories of the Union, and also that
slavery rests only upon local law. Now, gentle-
men, t^hen you tell us that we must renounce our
opinions, when you say to us, in substance, that
the life-long opinions which we have entertained,
which our fathers taught us, which your fathers
taught us also, we must now surrender; that we
must bow down and worship a political dogma
which to-day declares that the Constitution of the
United States, of its own force, carries slavery
into, or what is the same thing, guaianties the
right to take and hold slaves in every Territory
which we now have, or may hereafter acquire, we
tell gentlemen we cannot conscientiously change
our opinions; and because you accompany this
with the declaration that, if we do not change
them, but will maintain and act upon them, and
elect a man who believes in them President of the
United States, you will break up this Confederacy,
we tell you frankly, gentlemen, that does not
change our opinion either; it cannot be changed
by any such argument as that. Instead of ad-
dressing our manhood, it is addressed to the want
of it; and wc give you to understand distinctly
that, on this question, our opinions are still un-
changed, and this last argument, if it has any
effect,makes them more fixed and determined.
We still beBevo that freedom is national; that
slavery is sectional and local, and rests upon local
law alone. We do not bebeve that, if we should
acquire Canada to-morrow, there is any such
slave-extending power in the Constitution of the
United States as will, of its own force, at once
repeal the laws of Canada against slavery, and
establish 3t there; so that a man from Virginia or
South Carolina could take his slaves at once into
the territory of Canada, and hold them there, be-
yond the power of Congress or any other human
power,protectedbythePederalConstitution. Nor
do we believe that it has any such power over the
Mexican laws in the Territory of Utah, Caliior-
nia. New Mexico, or any other territory we may
