1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. BRANCH. No, sir; the gentleman from
Tennessee offered his amendment two days after
mine was offered.
Mr. REAGAN. I offered a separate and inde-
pendent amendment, and had it read; and I do
not understand how it is that it is not before the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. It was read for information
only. "
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair was
in error. The gpntleman from Tennessee offered
his as an amendment to the text of the bill, hav-
ing a right to perfect the text before a vote is taken
on the amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Do I understand
the Chair as having reversed liis decision, and
ordered the amendments to be reported to the
House ? If so, of course I withdraw my appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not know what the gentleman from Illinois un-
derstands. The Chair has reversed none of its
decisions.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I withdraw my ap-
peal, understanding that the gentlemen opposite
are willing thaj. the amendments shall be read.
Mr. GROW. They can be read when we comc
to vote upon them.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson]
is, to strike out of the original bill all after the
word " persons," in the third line, down to the
end of the ninth line, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
Being married, shall, during the life of the former hus-
band or wife,mairy another person in anyTorritory of the
United States, or other place—except the District of Co-
lumbia—over which the United States possess exclusive
jurisdiction, or, if the marriage with such other person take
place elsewhere, shall thereafter five or cohabit with such
other person in sucii Territory, or other place over which
the United States possess exclusive jurisdiction, the former
husband or wife being alive, he, she, or they, so offending,
shall, on conviction, &e.
The gentleman from North Carolina proposes
a substitute for the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I dislike to create any con-
fusion while the question is being stated, but the
Chair misunderstands my proposition. My prop-
osition is to strike out the first section of the bill
only, and insert what the Chair is about to have
read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Tennessee then offers an amendment to the
first section before the question is taken on strik-
ing out. The gentleman from-North Carolina
proposes to strike out the first section and insert
other matter. It is in order to perfect the section
before the question is taken on striking out and
inserting.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to ask one
'question. My amendment was moved before the
gentleman fromTennessce moved Ijis amendment.
What will be the effect upon my amendment, of
giving priority to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee?
, The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair under-
stands the gentleman's amendment to be a sub-
stitute for the whole bill, and the vote upon it
must be taken after the other amendments are dis-
posed of. The first amendment is the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, because it pro-
poses to pcrfect the first section. The second is
the amendment of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, because it proposes to strike out the first
section and insert another. After that comes the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, who
proposes to strike out all the sections, and insert
others.
Mr. THAYER. Will it be in order for me
now to offer my amendment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order
at this time. •
Mr. THAYER. Will it be in order at any
time during the voting?
Mr. M1LLSON. Before the previous question
is seconded, I ask for a separate vote on the pre-
amble.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A separate vote
will be taken on the preamble-
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Chair if it will be
in order, at any time during the voting, provided
th call for the previous question ce sustained, to
offer my amendment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will not be in
order, if the previous question shall be sustained
by the House on the bill and the amendments.
Mr. THAYER. Then to vote to sustain the
previous question is to refuse a vote upon my
amendment?
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 suggest that it will be
perfectly in order for the gentleman&om Massa-
chusetts to offer his as an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, if the
gentleman from Tennessee will permit it to be
done now, before the previous question is called.
Mr. GrOOCH. I propose this: that, by general
consent, a vote be allowed upon all the amend-
ments which have been indicated and read at the
Clerk's desk, with the understanding that there
shall be no call of the yeas and nays on any
amendments, excepting those which are regularly
pending. I understand that the gentleman who
reported the bill is willing to assent to that prop-
osition, and to allow a vote upon all the amend-
ments which have been indicated.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
everything out of order.
Mr. REAGAN. Would it be in order for me
now to move to lay the whole .subject upon the
table ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would be in
order.
Mr. REAGAN. I make thatmotion,then,as
gentlemen are determined not to allow amend-
ments to be voted on.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to make a proposi-
tion to the House, to save time. [Cries of " Or-
der!" and " Call the roli!"J I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Texas.
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. REAGAN. As gentlemen around me urge
the withdrawal of my motion to lay the whole
subject on the table, I will withdraw it, although
I do not think I ought to do so.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes one hundred and one, a further count not
being demanded.
So the previous question was seconded; and the
question recurred, " Shall the main question be
now put?"
Mr. MAYNARD. What will be the effect of
refusing-to order the main question ?
The SPEAKER. The effect will be the same
as if the previous question had not been seconded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope, then-, it will not be
ordered. I call the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 114, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
lain, Alclrich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, lieale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Botelcr, Brabwn, Bray
ton, Bring*, Bristow, Bufiinton, fturhngame, Buttcrfiekl,
Campbell, Carey., Carter, Case, Colfax, Curtis, H. Winter
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards,
Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworlh, Fenton, Foster, Frank,
French,Gilmer,Goocll, Giahatn, Glow. Gurley, Hale, Hall,
J. Morrison Harris, Haskin, Helmick, Rill, Hoard, Hughes,
Humphrey, Hutcluns, Junhm, Francis W. Kellogg, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kenyon, KiJgore, Killinger, DeWitt C.
Leach,Lee, Longnecker, Lovejoy, I\larston,McKean, Mc-
Knight, Moorhead, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Moiris, Morse,
Nelson. Ni.\on, Olin, Palmer, Perry, Pcttit, Porter, Potter,
Pottle,Pryor, Itice,Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz,
Scianton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton.Theaker,
Tompkins. Train, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree,
Waldron, Walton, Cadvvalader C. Washburn, Ellibu B.
Washhurne, Israel Washburn, Webster, Welis, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodruff—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Ailen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Barksdale, Barr, Bairett, Bocock, Bonham, Bouligny,
Boyre, Biancll, Butch, Burnett, Hoiace F. Clark, John B.
Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James
Craig, Crawfoid, Currv, De Jarnettc, Dimimck, Florence,
Hardeman, John T. Hanis, Hatton, Hawkins, Hickman,
Hohnan, Houston, Howaid, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Aeitt,
Lamar, Logan, Love, CharlesD. Martin,Elbert S. Martin,
Maynard, McClernand McUueen, McRae, Miles, Millson,
Montgomery, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N.Morris, NiblacU,
Noell, Pendleton, Pllelps, Pugh, Quarlcs, Reagan, liiggs,
James C. Robinson, Scott, Simms, Singleton, William N.
II. Smith, Stallvvorth, Stevenson. James A. Stewart, Tay-
lor, Thayer, Thomas, Vallandigliam,'Vance, Winslow, and
Woodson—75.
So the main question was ordered to be nowput.
During tf?e call of the roll, <'
• Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Conkli.vg was
quite indisposed, andhad paired for theday with
Mr. Stout. •
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Davis, of In-
diana, had paired with Mr. Loomis'. • . *
Mr. LAMAR stated that MV. Davis, of Mis*
sissippi, had paired -with Mr. Moorhead.
Mr. DE JARNETTE stated that Mr. Leakii
had paired with Mr. Corwin.
M>'■ MALLORY stated that he had paired off;
on all votes connected with this question, with
Mr. Hamilton. - . "
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, said he had
been requested to state that Mr. Davidson was
detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. BOULIGNY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Landrcm, was confined to his room by .indispo-
sition.
Mr. J ONES stated that his colleague, Mr. G a p, -
treli., being unwell, had retired from the Hall,
and had paired with Mr. Irvine.
Mr. HINDMAN said that if he had beert with-
in the bar when his name was called, he should
have voted " no."
Mr. ENGLISH made a similar statement.
Mr. NELSON, having reported the bill, took
the floor to close the debate.
Mr. MORRILL. Having introduced this till,
I have naturally felt some solicitude in reference
to its fete. I have struggled for a long time to get
it before the House.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a question of order.
I ask by what right the gentleman from Vermont
is upon the floor?
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman has yielded
me the floor for ten minutes.
Mr. BRANCH. Has the gentleman from Ten-
nessee the right to yield the floor after, the main
question has been ordered ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, sir, inasmuch as the
gentleman from Vermont, I believe, voted for the
previous question, which cut the balance of us
off from all discussion, I do not think we should
assent to that arrangement.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman object?
Mr. BRANCH. Unless the rest of us can
have a chance, I object.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. If the gen-
tleman from Vermont speaks in the time of the
gentleman from Tennessee, I do not see what
objection there can be.
Mr. MORRILL. I appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his objection.
I only wish to occupy the floor for a few minutes.
Mr. BRANCH. I would be willing to with-
draw my objection, but there are other gentlemen
who object.
Mr. BARKSDALE. There are several amend-
ments to be voted on, upon which, I take it, the
yeas and nays will be called. I suggest, there-
fore, that inasmuch as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Nelson] will occupy an hour in
closing the debate, it be understood that there shall
be no vote taken to-night.
Mr. GR.OW. I object to any such arrangement.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I then ask the gentleman
to give way for a motion that the House adjourn.
It is nowfour o'clock, the usual hour of adjourn-
ment. [Cries of " No!" " No!" and " Yes!"]
Mr. NELSON. So far as I am concerned, I'
will submit entirely to the will of the House;
and for the purpose of ascertaining the desire of
the House, I will give way for the motion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move, then, that the
House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Now I ask that it may
be the understanding that no vote shall .be taken
this evening.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Tennessee
is entitled to the floor, and I insist that he shall
not be interrupted.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman from
Tennessee is quite able to take care of himself.
Mr. GROW. An objection is in order.
Mr. BARR. I understand that the Delegate
from Utah wishes to be heard upon this subject.
I think no arrangement should be made that will
deprive him of that privilege.
