1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
matter objected to; but in this case that general
rule is sot aside by the subsequent facts. There
is a particular reason given for the objection, and
that reason is not left to inference alone. It is set
forth plainly, distinctly, so as not to be misun-
derstood or mistaken.
"Mr. Greenwood. Tf the gentleman who objected to
the resolution will allow me, I will state the grounds for
the necessity of it. , The reason is, that under the law as it
now exists, and under the decision of the courts, persons
on the borders of the Indian Territory can go into such
Territory and steal slaves therefrom and take them into the
southern States, and there sell them with impunity.
"Mr. Sherman. Rejn§ satisfied with the explanation
of the gentleman, I withdraw my objection."
Mr. Clerk, the character of the resolution of
my predecessor; the fact that objection was made
by the present Republican candidate for Speaker
to its consideration, unanimous consent being
necessary; the peculiar nature of the explanation
given; and the prompt withdrawal of the objec-
tion; all these circumstances point conclusively,
as I think, to this as the attitude held by Mr.
Sherman on the subject of negro stealing. For
the punishment of that crime, pure and simple, he
would give no aid. The agents of the underground
railroad might ply their trade and go scot free,
so far as he was concerned. Stealing slaves and
taking them abolitionward was, in his view, a phil-
anthropic, enterprise, not only not to be punished,
but to be shielded by non-legislation and sheltered
by well-put parliamentary objections. But when
it appears that the thieves have strong pro-slavery
proclivities; that they are u sound on the niggpr
question," and carry their spoils, not North, but
South; that they put them in southern cotton
fields, instead of translating them to the mock
freedom of non-sJaveholdmg States; then the
position of the member from Ohio changes, his
action is reversed, and his objection is withdrawn.
A pro-slavory negro thief must be punished by all
means. To that there is no objection. Oh! no,
sir; but an anti-slavery negro thief must not be
molested. This is one of the beauties of the record
on which the Republican candidate so compla-
cently plumes himself.
It is not surprising, Mr. Clerk, that such opin-
ions and sentiments as those which he is thus
proved to have entertained and expressed, should
lead him into other excesses. It was not at all
strange or inconsistent, but perfectly natural and
in character, that John Sherman should cordially
indorse Mr. Hinton Rowan Helper. He might
have written the Helper book with his own hand
and pen, and published it to the world over his
own name, without creating the slightest aston-
ishment, or inducing the least surprise in the mind
of any man familiar with his antecedents. No
wonder, then, that he so obstinately refuses to
disavow the Helper doctrines. If he should dis-
own them, he would repudiate the very pith and
marrow of his own teachings. Sewardism, Hel-
perism, and Shermanism are identical. The black
mantle of Republicanism covers them all. It and
they are one and the same. That they lead to
violence and bloodshed, to revolution and an-
archy,is shown not only by what I have referred
to, but by the utterances of the arch apostle of
the faith. In his speech, made in the Senate
Chamber on the 3d ^March, 1858, Senator Sew-
ard used this language:
" Ftee labor has, at last, apprehended it* rights, its inter-
ests, its power, and its destiny, and is organizing: itself to
assume the government of the Republic It will, hence-
forth, meet you boldly and resolutely here; it will meet you
everywhere, in the Territories or out ot them, wherever
you may go to extend slavery. It has driven you hack in
California and Kansas, it ivill invade you soon in Delaware,
Mainland, Virginia, Missouri, aiul Texas. It will meet you
in Arizona, in Genual America, and even in Cuba. The
invasion will be not merely harmless, but beneficent, if you
yield seasonably to its just demands.
" It proved so m New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
and other xlavc States, which have already yielded in that
way to its advances. You may, indeed, get a start, under
or near the tropics, and seem safe tor a tune—but it will be
only for a short time. I^ven there you will found States,
only for fiee labor to maintain and occupy. The interest
of the white race demands the ultimate emancipation of
all men. Whether that emancipation shall be allowed to
take effect with needful and wise precautions against sud-
den change and disaster, or be hurried on by violence, is
ALL that ItF.MA.INS FOR YOU to DECIDE.'1
Now, sir, if anything could be given that would
afford a clearer conception- of the aims and pur-
poses of the Black Republican party than the ex-
tract which has just been read, it will be found in
the "crystallized platform," as my friend from
Ohio [Mr, Cox] would express it, contained in
that Black Republican bible, the Helper book.
Here it is:
" The banner to stand or die by.
" Inscribed on the banner which we herewith unfurl to
the world, with the full and fixed determination to standby
it or die by it, unless one of more virtuous efficacy shah be
presented, are the mottoes which, in substance, embody the
principles, as we conceive, that should govern us m our
patriotic warfare against the most subtle and insidious foe
that ever menaced the inalienable rights and liberties and
dearest interests of America:
"1. Thorough organization and independent political
action on the part of the non-slavehoiding whites of the
South.
"2. Ineligibility of pro-slavery slaveholders; never an-
other vote to any one who advocates the retention and per-
petuation of humftn slavery.
" 3. No cooperation with pro-slavery politicians; no fel-
lowship with them in religion; no affiliation with them in
society.
"4. No patronage to pro-slavery merchants; no guest-
ship in slave-waiting hotels; no fees to pro-slavery lawyer* 5
no employment of pro-slavery physicians; no audience to
pro-slavery parsons.
" 5. No more hiring of slaves by non-slaveholders.
" 6. Abiupt discontinuance of subscription topro-slaverv
newspapers.
"7. The greatest possible encouragement to free white
labor."
It has been intimated that the brutal and bloody
character of the Helper book had been exagger-
ated in some degree by gentlemen from the South
in this discussion. In order to remove any such
impression, and show conclusively that we have
been right in our interpretation, I read from the
Compendium of the Impending Crisis in the
South, by Hinton Rowan Helper, showing why
Helper himself did not cause his book to Joe pub-
lished in the southern States. It will be seen that
he confesses that the failure to publish it there
was because he knew it to be insurrectionary and
incendiary in its character:
" In the first place, we will give an explanation of the
reason why the pic*ent volume was not published in Bal-
timore. A considerable poition of this work was written
m Baltimore ; and the wholt: of it would have been writ-
ten and published thure, but for the following odious clause,
which we extract from the statutes of Maryland :
' Be it enacted by the General Jlssembly of Maryland,
That, aftci the passage ot tins act, it shall not be lawiul for
any citizen of this State knowingly to make, print, or en-
grave, or aid in the making, printing, or engraving, within
this State, any pictorial representation, or to write or print,
or to aid in the writing or printing, any pamphlet, news-
paper, handbill, or other pamphlet of an inflammatory char-
acter, and having a tendency to excite discontent or stir up
insmrection among the people of color of this State,or of
either of the other State* or Territories? of the United States,
or knowingly to carry or send, or to aid in the carrying or
sending, the same for circulation among the Inhabitants
of either of the other States or Territories of the United
States ; and any person so offending shall be guilty 01 a fel-
ony, and shall, on conviction, be sentenced to confinement
m the penitentiary ot this state for a period not lexs than
ten nor more than twenty years, from the time of sentence
pronounced 011 such person.' r—Act passed December, 1831.
See 2 Dorsey, page 1218.
This, then, is the platform of the Republican
candidate for Speaker. No man holding such
positions, directly or indirectly, or refusing to dis-
avow them, is fit to preside over this House; and
no man who indorses him ought to preside over
us. It is an outrage upon the South to propose
it, and an insult to the conservative sentiment
of the whole country to insist upon it. If these
vaunted Union meetings of latter days, in the
northern States, are not all empty, hollow, and
delusive—if they indicate the existence of any
genuine Union-loving sentiment there—why is it
that the tens of thousands of voters taking part in
them are not now thundering against this Black
Republican phalanx, which is trampling the spirit
of Unionism under foot by striving to force such
a man upon us as our presiding officer? Why do
they not proclaim their indignation against Sew-
ardism, Helperism, Shermanism, Republicanism,
and instruct out of their seats the members who
adhere to either one of them? That would be
some practical evidence of a returning sense of
justice and renewed devotion to the (Jnion. Until
such evidence shall be given, southern men must
not only be pardoned in doubting the sincerity
of these Union demonstrations, but the facts will
demand that they shall hold them in contempt, as
hypocritical and treacherous.
The responsibility for the failure to organize,
with all the consequences of injury to the Gov-
ernment and disaster to private citizens, rests
chiefly on the Republican party. Had it not been
a sectional, aggressive, and unconstitutional party;
had not its candidate for Speaker been an mdorser
of treason and incendiarism, and a preacher of ser-
vile war and murder, no such delay could have
taken place. The House would long ago have
been organized, the postal appropriations made,
the mail contractors paid, and the mail service of
the country restored to efficiency. The loss of
these benefits, and of the countless advantages
that would flow from them, is part of the price the
American people are now paying for the existence
of this Republican party. That consideration
ought to nerve them at once to strike it down, lest,
after a while, the further cost of its continuing to
live shall be the destruction of the Union itself.
The chief bulwark here, as elsewhere, against
this sectional northern organization, which aspires
to control this House, has been the Democratic
party. In its ra ks are men from the North, from
the South, from the West, and from the far-off
Pacific slope. Some of them differ with others as
to buried issues, and as to questions not germane
to this contest; but all of them are united together
in one glorious brotherhood of resistance to the
disturbers of the peace of the Confederacy. Among
these men of the Democratic party, those coming
from the non-slaveholding States are especially
deserving of applause. Southerners upon this
floor, and our constituents at home, should and
will give them no stinted, half-way commenda-
tion. They will be recognized as the Old Guard
of the Union in their section,standing firm against
anti-southern prejudices and passions, and imper-
iling political life rather than surrender the com-
pacts of the Constitution. If the whole southern
people were now assembled here, eye-witnesses,
as we are, to the patriotism of these northern Dem-
ocrats, every heart would pay them homage;
every voice would praise them. Southern Dem-
ocrats, southern Whigs, and southern Opposi-
tionists, disdaining partisan detraction and jeal-
ousies, would, with one common impulse, declare
them worthy of the thanks of the Republic.
These northern Democrats, having such claims
upon our gratitude and respect, have already, in
this contest, made all the sacrifices we can prop-
erly ask at their bands. They have given every
proof of fraternity. It is not right, it is neither
just nor generous, to exact of them such conces-
sions as might embarrass them at home, and crip-
ple, if not destroy them there. Many of them
cannot vote for any other tiian a Democrat for
Speaker, without runningsuch risks. To vote for
a southern Oppositionist would—in the language of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Pugh,] used
by him in another connection, but equally appli
cable in this—destroy the integrity of their posi-
tion, and mar the symmetry of their record.
Elected on pledges of unswerving opposition to
Know Nothingism; representing, as many of them
do, large numbers of foreign-born citizens, who
have shown their capacity for self-government,
their love of the Union, and their friendship to the
South, by voting for such men; they would sub-
ject themselves to the charge of breach of faith,
and put in Republican hands a club for their own
destruction if they were to vote for any member
who belonged to, or cooperated with, the Know
Nothing party. It is not right, it is unjust and
wrong, in my judgment, for any southern man to
ask them so to embarrass themselves. That con-
sideration destroys all chance for electing a south-
ern Oppositionist to the Speakership; forit is well
known that it requires every anti-Republican vote,
including all the northern Democrats, to accom-
plish the defeat of Mr. Sherman.
There being, then, an insuperable obstacle to the
election of a southern Oppositionist—it being in
fact a thing impossible, under existing circum-
stances—gentlemen of the southern Opposition
are bound to observe that they can accomplish no
good, and can reach no beneficial result, by hold-
ing their votes upon one of their own number, and
keepingaloof from the Democracy. By that policy
of strange isolation, they, m the first place, risk
demoralizing the anti-Republican forces; and, in
the second place, they take upon themselves,nexf
after the Republican party, the responsibility for
the continued delay in organizing. I say this not
in a spirit of controversy, for I wish to avoid-that
now; but I say it in view of recent developments
made upon this floor, with which every member
is familiar, and which form a part of our recorded
proceedings.
The two gentlemen, constituting what is called
the anti-Lecompton party, hold the balance of
power between the anti-Repubhcans and the Re-
publican party. They have both said, publicly,
and in the most explicit -manner, that at the mo-
