I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
S®8
36th Cong—1st Sess. The Calhoun Revolution: Its Basis and Its Progress—Mr. Doolittle.
Senate.
acquire from Mexico, as, of its own force, to re-
peal, at once, those laws which abolished slavery
there, and reestablish the law of slavery, so that
you can take your slaves into them, without any
positive law authorizing it, and hold them there
by virtue of the Constitution.
If this ground is conceded, where will the peo-
ple of the North stand? Ifwc conccde theground
that the Constitution of the United States, of.its
own force, would authorize you to carry slaves
into Canada, if we should purchase it to-morrow,
the same Constitution would authorize you to
carry it into Wisconsin; and we could not hinder
it. And why ? Before answering this question,
perhaps I ought to say that the Supreme Court,
in the opinion which they have delivered, in my
humble judgment, 011 a fair construction of that
opinion, have as yet gone no further than to deny
to Congress and to the people of the Territory
the power to prohibit slavery; butMr. Buchanan,
in the message from which I read the extract,
goes altogether beyond the Supreme Court, in my
judgment. Mr. Buchanan assumes not only that
neither Congress nor any other human power has
the power to prohibit its entry; but that the Con-
stitution, under the decision of the Supreme Court,
with its own positive force, guarantees the right
to carry and hold slaves in the Territories which
we now have or may hereafter acquire. He says:.
" The right ha5* been established of every citizen to take
his propci ty of any kind, including slaves, into the common
Tcmtories belonging equally'to all tiie States of the Con-
federacy, and have it piotccted there under the Federal
Constitution."
He docs not stop with Chief Justice Taney and
the judges of the Supreme Court, who deny that
Congress or the Territory has the power to legis-
late, ond therefore pronounce the Missouri le-
striction unconstitutional; but he goes further,
and undertakes to make it out that the Consti-
tution of the United States, by its own positive
force, guaranties slavery in all the Territories.
But, to return to the question. If it has that
effect in a Territory, it has it in a State. The
Constitution of the United States was made for
States, and not for Territories at all. It only
mentions them to give Congress the power to
govern them. It is the paramount law of the
land, anything in any State constitution or law
to the contrary notwithstanding; and if the Con-
stitution of the United States has the power. Jjo
repeal the law against slavery in Canada, should
we acquire it, and to guaranty the right to take
and hold slaves there, it can repeal the constitu-
tion of Wisconsin restricting slavery, and guar-
anty the right to take and hold slaves there. Does
not the Constitution mean the same thing every-
where?—the same 111 Wisconsin and in Kansas ?
And do you not recollect, sir, that the very mo-
ment the Drcd Scott decision was pronounced,
the newspaper in Washington which claimed to
represent the views of the Administration—T refer
to the Union—declared that every State law and
constitution of every State in the Union abolish-
ing slavery was, under that decision, against the
Constitution of the United States, and therefore
void. There is no half way with this doctuno;
there is no middle ground; there is no neutrality
m it. I tell you, he that is not with us is against
us. You understand it, sir. You claim that your
doctrine carries slavery into every Territory by
force of the Constitution; and it is because you
claim this, because you are asserting this aggres-
sive doctrine in favor of slavery, that we are pre-
pared to resist it by our action, to resist it in all
lawful and m all honorable ways. We are pledged
to do so, and we expect to do so.
Mr. President, the truth is, that a revolution,
based upon this novel idea that slavery is a bless-
ing, has been inaugurated 111 this eountiy within
the last twelve years, is now in progress, and has
not been altogether bloodless either. It was this
same aggressive idea which led Mr. Atchison, in
Missouri, m 1853, months before the Nebraska
bill ever saw the light, to proclaim to the people
of western Missouri that slavery is a thing of Di-
vine right—(the same doctrine which afterwards
culminated 111 the Lecompton constitution;) that
it is above and before all constitutions; that con-
stitutions are to protect it, not to abolish it; and,
assuming this, it was resolved to force it into the
Territory of Kansas at all hazards, "at what-
ever sacrifice of blood or treasure," to use the
language of the resolution of a meeting which he
addressed long before the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska act. There is the place where, and
that was the time when, the war was declared on
this question. It was to carry out this aggres-
sive policy, to carry the institution of slavery
into Territories free from it, made free by the law
of Congress itself, that that act was passed. I
shall not go over what followed; we are too fa-
miliar with that bloody chapter in our history.
Hit aggression, too successful in the beginning,
failed in the end. Republicanism, taking the
alarm, reorganized itself in 1856, and, though de-
feated in the canvass, achieved a victory. By its
moral power it made some of the chosen instru-
ments of that aggression stand back aghast, and
shrink from the consequences of their own work.
The revolutionary leaders were beaten, with the
Administration in their hands. Kansas is free.
We now say, I repeat, to our friends from the
South, that, while it is your right to change your
opinions on this question, when you undertake to
force those opinions upon the country for the pur-
pose of compelling the Government of the United
States to revolutionize its whole policy, to carry
out an aggressive policy for slavery extension
everywhere, it is our intention and full purpose
to resist this revolution in the Government, and
to overcome it; peaceably, of course, but we expect
to overcome it.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate longer
than I anticipated; but there is contained in those
few sentences of the annual message, which 1 have
read, that which covers the whole ground; and,
if adopted and acquiesced in by the American peo-
ple—which, 111 my opinion, it will not b<—the
Calhoun icvolutiun would be complete; there
would be no longer any free Territories; all would
be slave Territories; there would 110 longer benny
free States; all would be slave States.
The honorable Senator from Virginia, not now
in his seat, [Mr. Mason,] applied to the free States
generally a term which I can hardly suffer to pass
without notice. He called them " the servile
States." I know not in what sense the honora-
ble gentleman intended to apply this term to the
State which I represent, but m whatever sense,'I
shall never apply any term of opprobrium or dis-
respect to any of the States, and certainly never
to the State from which he comes. No, sir; Vir-
ginia is a State in whose history and achievements
we take pride, and for whose opinions, for whose
earlier opinions, we hold the highest respect.
Wisconsin, the State which I represent, was oorn
of Virginia; she was born in the day of her pride,
and when the true principles of Virginia found
place in her history, and were expressed by her
living statesmen. Sir, I will employ no oppro-
brious epithet towards Virginia—never. It is a
State in the memory of wlwse.great names we of
Wisconsin feel proud. To Virginia we owe a debt
of gratitude we can never repay. She has saved
us, by her masterly policy in the day of the in-
fancy of the Northwestern Territory, from being
cursed by the presence of that institution which,
without speaking disrespectfully of her, I may be
permitted to say, in my humble opinion, is suck-
ing her verv life's blood.
Mr. President, I can speak, too, of the State of
New Yorjt, for it was my native State. At the
beginning of tins century, where stood Virginia
and New York in comparison with each other?
Virginia had double the white population of New
York; to-day she has but one million, perhaps,
of white population, while New York has more
than three million. New York is now the Em-
pire State; she has taken the place which Virginia
once proudly occupied. Virginia has as noble
harbors and rivers and waterfalls, a larger terri-
tory and better soils, and a milder climate, than
New York. But for her heavy misfortune, m the
presence of her servile negio population, there is
every reason to believe she would to-dav have
had a white population of at least three million.
What has Virginia got in exchange for two mil-
lion white children ? She has a half a million of
slaves and a quarter of a million of free negroes,
perhaps. Do } ou ask me what is the cause of all
(his change in hei comparative position ' What
has produced it? Why is it that to-day, if our
country were invaded by a foreign foe, even Wis-
consin, young as she is, can bring as many troops
into the field, and raise as much bread to sustain
them, as Virginia herself ? Why is it? Thean-
swer is too plain. It is the presence of this ser-
vile population in Virginia which has produced
this change in her comparative relations to her
sister States, and in comparison, even, to her
youngest-born, Wisconsin, which I am proud
this day to represent. [See Note E.]
APPENDIX.
It will be observed that, m the revision of the
above speech, some portions of the debate"and col-
locjuy are omitted, and the order of the debate
within brackets changed, that all said by me upon
one subject may appear together.
NOTE A.
Mr. Calhoun, the great leader of this new school,
far in advance of his followers, used this language
in the Senate, in 1838:
" Many m the South once believed that it [slavery] was
amoiul and political evil; that folly and delusion are gone.
We see it now in its true light, and regard it as the most
safe and stable basis for free institutions in the world. It
is impossible with us that the conflict can take placc be-
tween labor and capital, which makes it so difficult to estab-
lish and maintain free institutions in all wealthy and highly
civilized nations where such institutions as ours [slavery]
do not exist."—appendix Congressional Globe, 1837-38,
page 62.
Extracts from Mr. Hammond's speech in the
Senate, from South Carolina, an eloquent disci-
ple in the school of Mr. Calhoun, March 4,1858,
speaking of a class which ho denominated the
"mud-sill" of society:
" Fortunately for the South, she found a race adapted to
thai purpose to her hand." * * * * " We
use them lorourpuipose,and call them slaves." * *
' * " We are old-tasluoned at the South yet; it is a
wonl discarded now by < ear.i polite.' 1 will not character-
ize that class at the North by that term ; but you have it;
)t is there; it is everywhcie; it is eternal;" * *
* in short, your whole hireling class of manual
laborers and ' operatives,' a« you call them, are essentially
slaves. The difference between us is, that our slaves are
hired forlifc,aiid well compensated* * * *-
" yeui s arc hii ed by the day, not cared for, and scantily com-
pensated ;  * * * * " we do not thinkthat
whites should be slaves, either by law or necessity. Our
slaves are black, of another and inferior race." * *
* * "Yours are white, of your own raee; you are
brothers of one blood. They are your equals in natural
endowment of intellect, and they feel galled by their degra-
dation. Our slaves do not vote. We give them no polit-
ical power. Yours do vote, and, being the majority, they
are the depositaries of all your political power."
The Richmond Enquirer, in 1855, then the
leading journal of the Democratic party in the
South, said:
" At the North, and in Western Eutppe, by attempting to
dispense with a natural and necessary, and hitherto uni-
versal, limb, element, or institution of society, you have
thrown everything into chaotic confusion. In dispensing
with domestic slaveiy, you have destroyed ordcx, and re-
moved the strongest argument to prove the existence of
Deity, the author of that order."
Again the same journal says, in another num-
ber:
" This is but part of our programme; we mean to show
up fret: society—to show that the little experiment made in
a corner of Western Europe has signally failed. Then we
will invade our North, where a similar experiment is
making—not made. We will point to a thousand premoni-
tory symptoms of ultimate failure, and always adduce the
Abolitionists themselves as our witnesses. Tn fine, wc
intend, fiom time to time, to institute a searching compar-
ison between slave society and free society, and to prove
that the foimer is the old, almost universal, normal, and
natural, condition of civilized society."
The Lynchburg Republican, the leading paper
in Central Virginia, in 1854, speaking of the
" awful problem presented for solution by the
conflict between capital and labor," asks:
"And is then' no solution—no harmonizing remedy
Woman is mleuorto man ; God and
nature declare the fact; but where the cause of quarrel
between the two/ The child is inferior to its parents; but
no war can grow'up between them. In the last cases, the
inferiority and subjection have ever been recognized. Not
so with capital and labor. They have never ceased to fight
for the mastery, and they never wlU, until their true rela-
tion* arc recognised and aetcd upon by society. If this
were done, their clashing interests would be harmonized
and made identical. How and where is this done ? We
answer, that it w accomplished by slavery, as it exists in
the southern States." **■*■* "Slavery is
the comer-stone of our republicanism." x * *
"Slavery N the gieat peacemaker between capital and
labor."
Mr. Fit/hugh, iu :i book entitled Free Society
aFailure, commended eery extensively by Dem-
ocratic journals South, fc-aysr
a W" do not adopt the theory that Ham was the ancestor
