1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
527
cics; and having done this, we would now say a very fow
words upon the question of secession or disunion. Mr.
Leake says it is the right of Virginia to withdraw ft orn the
Union i the instant she thinks proper to do so.' And Mr.
GARTRELL,of Georgia, exclaims—'Such is the right ofVir-
ginia, also of New York and Pennsylvania.5 55
Mr. LEAKE. Mr. Clerk, there is a single
Foint there which affects me personally, and that
am bound, in justice to myself, to explain to the
House—not that the House requires an explana-
tion, for I cannot suppose that there is a solitary
member of this body capable of giving credence
to the deliberate falsehood which that article pre-
sents upon its face. James "Watson Webb is ca-
pable of anything. When he sold out to the Uni-
ted States bank for $52,000, years since, he sold
himself, soul as well as body ;and, therefore, ought
not to be held responsible. He is the man who
saw a pistol six inches, mahogany stock and all,
and swore it was twelve. He is a man whom I
would scorn to quarrel with; a man I would not
raise an issue with. He puts an idea before the
people of the North, and falsely alleges that I
advanced it in this House. That idea has never
entered my head. I never did say upon this floor,
and I speak upon my responsibility, that the elec-
tion of John Sherman was ajust cause for a dis-
solution of the Union. If any gentleman so un-
derstood me, let him now rise and say so. I never
dreamed of any such thing; it never occurred to
me that such an act was a casus be.Ui. I did think,
and I now think, with a proper sense of my re-
sponsibility to myself, to my country, and above
all, to the God who overlooks and judges us all,
as well our motives as our acts, that the election
of John Sherman, in the present state of south-
ern feeling, will be an initiatory step toward a dis-
solution; and that, if followed by the elevation to
the Presidency of Seward, or any other of the
same political opinions, then there will be a casus
belli, when the South will be put upon the defens-
ive. I know, sir, that the South will- defend her-
self. I make no issue upon the election of John
Sherman, except to say that it will be an initia-
tory step toward that downward tendency of our
Government, when the South will, of necessity,
be compelled to assume her proper position.
I beg to be understood, Mr. Clerk, on this ques-
tion. I am a Union man, a constitutional Union
man. Let the reporters take down my cxact words.
I am here, sir, to shout no hosannas to the Union;
I sing no te Deumsto the Union. I make no apos-
trophes to the eagle of the Union, while in weak,
decrepid, fatigued, and fitful flight, it hovers around
m the low grounds and gorges of Massachusetts,
instead of soaring iu proud and glorious flight
into the highest regions, and settling upon the
loftiest crags. I do profess, sir, to be a friend
of the Union, a sincere and honest friend of the
Union. I would not dissolve it; I would make
any sacrifice for it, except that of the rights and
the honor of my people, the constitutional rights
of my constituents and the South, which are
dearer to me than is the apple of my eye. I would
make any other sacrifice to preserve this Union.
Never, never have I thought or said that the elec-
tion of John Sherman was a just cause for a dis-
solution of this Confederacy.
Now, Mr. Clerk, there is another idea in that
article, which, although not peisonal to me, is one
which I think, in justice to the South, demands a
word or two of remark. What is it? That books
have been written and circulated inculcating that
we of the South are in favor of reducing six mil-
lion non-slaveholding white men in that section
to a state of slavery. That was " the unkindest
cut of all." We of the South have never wanted
to introduce the system which now exists in the
anti-slavery States into our own midst. I k:tow
of no book that utters the sentiment of the article
I have referred to, or indorses it. Fitzhugh's
book is quoted from, but that docs not sustain
the assertion.
I can scarcely claim, myself, to be a slaveholder,
although I am counted with the two hundred and
fifty thousand. I never owned but one slave, and
for the greater part of my life I owned none at all.
The only one I now own is the granddaughter of
the honest-hearted old negress that nursed my
wife, i, therefore, represent that class of non-
slaveholders at which a fling is made. If not
entitled to speak for them, at least I can speak for
myself. I lepresent a strong slaveholdmg dis-
trict. My own county of Albemarle is one of the
wealthiest, as it is one of the most populous, in the
I State of Virginia. There are in that county more
|| slaves than there are whites. I have, however,
|| never owned but one negro girl. If gentlemen of
;i the other side or any of their friends desire, they
!; can go and take her if she will accompany them.
j! She is only fourteen years of age, and has been
raised with my own children.
I That idea in reference to the reduction of white
j men to slavery was intended, sir, to place the South
: in a false position. We do not want to reduce
' the whites to slavery. On the contrary, we think
; that the negro was made to serve the white man;
j that such is the law of Providence, and that sla-
| very is the negro's normal and natural condition.
While upon this subject, I send to the Clerk,
that he may read it to the House, a petition that
is now being circulated in the free States.
The Clerk read, as follows:
j| NEW YORK A FREE STATE.
I At an informal meotingof persons favorable to the enaet-
, mem of a personal liberty law, held in Albany, on the Mrh
;! dav of September, 1839, the following appeal Was adopted,
and ordered to be published.
A. M. POWELL, Chairman.
George E. Baker, Secretary.
Appeal to the People of the State of New York.
Shall the soil of the Empire State be longer polluted by
the track of the slave hunter?
Shall we ourselves be subject to bis call to chase and
catch his human prey?
Shall we be subjected to fines and imprisonments for re-
fusing thus to degrade and dehumanize ourselves?
Mu-t our doors and heait. be closed to the panting, starv-
ing stranger, who seeks sheltci and protection trom the re
mor-:eie«5 kidnapper that would drag him back to the woes
of the plantation from which he escaped.5
Must we help to send him back to the land of chains and
> toitures, from which he fled through troop* of bloodhounds
; scenting out hi« track ; through forests where wild bea«-t>
! I prowl in the darkness ; through t ivers and dismal swamps j
[i with no eye to pitv him. save God's, shining through the
m north Mar, and guiding IIis derailing child to the nearest
i asjluin, where the wicked eea e Irom troubling?
i; Senoti«. solemn, momentous, arc all the-so lnqunie^'
What'-hall our answer be? Fust, we will a<«k the Legis-
I. iature to pat-s a law that shall torevei protect our State itom
the d^eeiating prc.-enec oi the slave-hunter. Bv the fugi-
'■ tive slave bill oi IR.m), we are now foi bidden to sheltci oi
1 a*si-t the forlornest stranger who ever appealed foi s\ni-
!■ pathy and aid Fines and nupi fiomuents impend over m
tor excicuang one of the holiest charities of our religion
The law of God is defied. Vice, the foulest, the blackest,
is exalted to virtue; while virtue, humanity, and holiness
aic lcai-lated into cnmes, and Heaven's own condition- of
salvation are impiously reversed.
| We rejoice to believe that our Legislature, by passing a
personal liberty bill, can remedy these fearful wiongs. A
I petition for such an act ha* been prepared to accompany
| tins appeal. You arc a«ked to sign it, to circulate to obtain
, for it the names of all your neighbors and fellow-citizens,
1 and to send it, early m Jamuuy, to the Legislature. [Peti-
tions may be M nt to your member o) Assembly or Senator,
j oi to Geoige E. Baker, Albany, New Yoik.]
I This is no formal, idle request, but an earnest, well-eon-
! sidered appeal, in the name of God and humamtj And
I this appeal is made to vou, leader, whoever yon may be, as
• one upon whom the jespon-ubihty of God's law unceasingly
rests.
Please give every man and woman in your town an op-
poitumty to sign this petition. On or near January 1,1800,
it should be forwarded, by a reliable hand, to the Legi^la-
tuie. By a union of ellort and a division of labor, in each
town, the work of giving the petition a thorough circulation
will be accomplished with comparative ease.
PETITION.
To the honorable Senate and
Jlbscmbly of the State of Nci York :
The under-nrned, citizens of , State of New York,
respectfully ask you to put an end to M,\vr iipntino in
<Ve\v Yoik, by enacting that no peison who has been held
a*- a slave (-.hall be delivered up by any officer or court, State
or Federal, within this State, to any one claiming bun on
!j the giound that lie owes " -emce oi labor"to such elaim-
i' ant b\ laws of one of the slave States of this Union.
'I
j. u Thou shalt not deliver unto his master theseivant
winch is escaped from his master unto thee. He shall d-> ell
;! icith thee, oven among you in that place which he rhnil
I, choose in one of thy gates wucr.E it likhth him bcst:
thou shalt not oppress him. '—Deut. xxiii, 1.3, 16.
j Mr. LEAKE. That, Mr. Clerk, lllustratcsthe
j difference between northern and southern mo-
! rality. Here, in this circular, it is proposed to
j organize roguery and to systemize villainy. In
j reply to it, I ask the Clerk to read a letter which
| I have receive d from one of my constituents who
j resides in Nelson county, Virginia. I do not ask
j that his nam/- he read, only his letter, and then
j that the private note attached to it be read. It is
i addressed to Hon. 8iieltont F. Le\ke, Wash-
;' in^ton city, D. C.. under date of December 5,
1851).
i. The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
I Leviticus, chapter xxv, verses 44, 4,">, and 45, says:
ij a Both thy bondmen, and thy bondmaids, wii.eh thou
J! shalt have, shall be of the heathen that are round about
you; of them shall ye buy bondmen and bondmaids. More-
over, of the childicn of the strangers that do sojourn among
you, of them shall ye buy, and of their families that are
with you, which they begatm your land: and they shall
be your possession. And ye shall take them as an inherit-
ance for your children alter \ ou, to inherit them for a pos-
session. They shall be your bondmen forever."
Exodus, chapter xx, verse 17, says:
"Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt
not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his man servant, nor
his maid servant."
Exodus, xxi, verses 5 and 6, speaking of Hebrew ser-
vants, says:
" And Ifthe servant shall plainly say, I love my master,
my wife, and my children; I will not go out free: then his
niastei shall bring him unto the judges; he shall also tiring
him to the door, or unto the door-pobt; and his master shall
bore his ear through with an awl; and he shall serve him for-
ever."
G>ne is, chapter xxiv, vcises 34, 3.), and 33, says :
" I am Abiahmn's servant. And the Lord hath Messed
my master giratiy, and he is become great: and he hath
given him flock.-, and herds, and silver, and gold, and men
servants, and maul servants, and camels, and asses. And
Sarah, my master's wife, baic a son to my master, when
she was bid: and unto him hath he given all that he
hath."
Genesis, chapter xiv, verse 14, says:
"And when Abiam heard that his brother was taken eap-
tivc, he aimed his trained servants, born in his own house
three hundred and eighteen, and pursued them unto Dan."
G enesis, chapter ix, verse 27, says:
4k God shall enlarge Japheth,and he shall dwell in the
tent- of Shcm; and Canaan shall be his servant."
Twenty fi th verse
"A servant of servants shall he be untohis brethren."
CoIo-.-iauc, chapter in, verse 22, -ays
Servants, obey in all things your masters according to
the flesh ; not with eye-seivice, as men pleasers; but in
singlenCf-s of henit,fearing God."
Chaptei iv, \vi<e 1.
<• Ma^tois, give unto your servants that which is just and
equal ; knowing that ye also have a master in heaven."
Titus, chapter u, v *r.-.e- 9 and 10, says:
c' Exhort sei vant- to be obedient unto their own masters,
and ro please them well in all things; not answering again;
not purloining, but showing all good fidelity; that they may
adoin the doetiinc of God our Saviour m ail things and
the same says 1 Timothy, vi, 1,2.
Thus it appears that Maveiv was instituted by God hun-
seh,and counted among his blessings to those who were
f.uthtui, as Abraham was, who owned upwards of three
hundred and eighteen—not hirelings—but bom in his own
hoiu-c, and at his death bequeathed to his son Isaac, as
ELevier testifies; and, in pi oof that it is no sin to own them,
Jo'U-i Const himself declares—"that when you shall see
Abraham. Isaac, and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven, and
you your-elves thrust out, there will be weeping, wailing,
and gna.-hinaot teeth." Yes, these very Abolitionists that
are now wai ring againn the institution of slavery, which
God has established and uphold since the days of Abraham,
will be made to weep and wail and gnash their teeth for
righting against God, and cur-mg the institution of slavery.
All polluted as they are with the stains of lyin^, theft, and
muidei, how can they eseap? the damnation of hell?
Mr. LEAICE. The author of the letter is one
of the best men in the world. Ho goes back to
that .standard to which all of us ought to Be will-
ing to go. Now I ask the Clerk to read the private
note winch accompanies the letter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Hon. Siielton F. Lkakk will please cause the above
quotation-, to be read at the Clerk's desk, at such time as
he mav d-em mo t appropriate, and copied for publication
northward, and oblige, &c.
Mr. POTTLE. I desire to ask the gentleman
a single question.
Mr. LEAKE. I will answer any question.
Mr. POTTLE. T would inquire of the gentle-
man, who signed that petition which he says
circulates in New York?
Mr. LEAKE. It is signed by A. M. Powell
as chairman, and George E. Ihker as secretary.
Mr. POTTLE. Now, sir, I ask the Clerk to
read a short article, which I cut from the Globe
this morning.
The Clerk read, as follows:
''There was a convention of Garrison Abolitionists in
Uttea, New Yoik, on Mondavand Tu"sijav. The speakers
wcic Paiker PUUburv, Aaron M. Powell, M. P. Robinson,
Su>an B. Aubray, and Rev. Beriah Green. The attendance
was only moderate. The resolutions adopted vvcie similar
to tho e passed by the same poisons at Buffalo."
Mr. POTTLE. I desire only to say, in refer-
ence to this matter, that that convention, as 1 un-
derstand it, passcda resolution thanking the New
York Herald for acting as their medium in pub-
lishing their sentiments, not only North, but
South. All I desire to say in addition is, that I
shall advise those Abolitionists of New York
henceforth, in justice to all parties, to extend their
vote of thanks beyond the New York Herald.
A Member on the Republican side. Let the
article I have sent to the Clerk be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'•Thc Nnw York Herald Acknowledged by tub
Abolitionists as thcir Organ.—A convention of Garri-
son. Abolitionists was in session at Utica. yesterday and the
