1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the bill as it is proposed to be amended by
the Senator from Missouri
The Secretary. The bill, if amended as pro-
posed, will read:
That the Legislative Assemblies of the respective Territo-
ries are'liereby authorized to confer on the probate courts
civil jurisdiction in suits, between residents only of the Ter-
ritory where the suit is brought concurrent with the dis-
trict courts; subject, however, where the amount in con-
troversy, exclusive of costs, does not exceed $200, to an
appeal In all cases to the district court foi a trial de novo, &c.
Mr. GREEN. That will do; I am satisfied
with that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I apprehend that the point
of difference between the gentlemen depends on
the manner of punctuation and the cadence with
which the language is read. It may mean that
the probate courts are to have concurrcnt juris-
diction with the district court in all cases, and that
the restriction as to amount qualifies the right of
appeal. If so, I have objections. My desire is,
that the jurisdiction shall be confined to $200, and
with the right of appeal in all eases.
Mr. GREEN. That is right.
- Mr.COLLAMER. But the queryis, whether
it so reads now. The jurisdiction might be j}200,
with an appeal in all cases. I ask the Secretary
to read it once more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stood that to be the suggestion of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is what he desires;
but the question is, whether that is accomplished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not for the
Chair to say whether the bill means that.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the point of dis-
pute among us; whether it does or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill, as pro-
posed to be amended, will be read again.
The Secretary again read the bill, as proposed
to be amended.
Mr. COLLAMER. The clause as to amount
qualifies the appeal, but not the jurisdiction.
Mr. GREEN. I lenow I am right, and the
Senator from Vermont is not. The object is to
limit the jurisdiction to $200, with the right to an
appeal.
Mr. COLLAMER. But the bill docs not do it.
Mi". GREEN. It does not do it in the present
shape. I therefore move the amendment to limit
thojurisdiction to $200, with a right of appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator moves
that amendment ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri moves to amend the bill by inserting in
line eight, after the word "dollars,"" and sub-
ject;'-' so that it will read, "where the amount in
controversy, exclusive of cost, does not exceed
$200, and subject to an appeal," Ac.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The hill is not right now.
Itis impossible for us to legislate in this way
without looking at the language. I move that the
bill be laid aside informally for a few moments,
in order that the Senator from Missouri may look
at it himself, and make the amendment required.
Mr. GREEN. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be pursued if there bo no objection.
Mr. GREEN subsequently said: I now move
to take up the bill which was informally laid
aside. Iproposeso to amend it as to make it read:
Be It enacted, $c., That the legislative Assemblies oftho
respective Territories are hereby autboi ized to confer on the
probate courts civil jurisdiction in suit? between residents
only of the Territory where the suit is brought ooncuricnt
with the district courts, In cases wheie the amount m con-
troversy, exclusive of costs, docs not exceed §200, subject
to an apnea! in all cases to the district court for a tual dc
novo, and from thence to the supreme court of the pi oner
-territory as in other cases: Provided, however, That no
jurisdiction in criminal cases shall be conleried upon the
said probate courts, or exerciscd by them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
amended in this form, if there be no objection.
The Chair hoars no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in, and the bill ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time. It was
read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS L. DISIIAKOOS.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the bill (S. No. 256)
for the relief of Thomas L. Disharoon, of St.
April 5,
Louis county, Missouri,was read the seqpnd time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Thomas L. Disharoon having'in good faith
purchased and paid for, and having in his pos-
session, four bounty land warrants for one hun-
dred and sixty acres each, issued under the act of
Cong ress of February II, 1847, and numbered as
follows: No. 44575, No. 44568, No. 44567, and
No. 44581, the bill proposes to confirm his title,
and to authorize him to locate, assign, and dis-
pose of them in the manner and form prescribed
by the act of 1847, as if the warrants had been
issued to him.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senate that this
bill passed this body during the last Congress upon
areportof the Committee on Private Land Claims.
It has been again favorably reported to this Con-
gress by the Committee on Private Land Claims of
this body, and that committee this year embodied
a former favorable report of the Committee on
Private Land Claims of the House of Representa-
tives. As a member of the Senate Committee on
Private Land Claims, I am satisfied the bill is
just and proper.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, ru^td the third
time, ana passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
_Mr. HUNTER. It will be recollected that we
laid over the Indian appropriation bill, to be taken
up to-day at one o'clock. I am desirous to take
it up, but I do not want to interfere with the prc-
ccdence which the homestead bill has; but if the
SenatorfromTenncssee [Mr. Johnson] will agree
to it, by the general consent of the Senate we can
lay that bill aside informally until the Indian ap-
propriation bill shall be disposed of. Then his
bill will resume its regularorder on the Calendar.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I presume there
will be no difficulty about that, if the Senator's
bill can be passed in a few minutes.
Mr". HUNTER. 1 move, then, by general con-
sent, that we take up the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr.WADE. I inquire whether we arc to spend
the day on that bill?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot tell. It may, per-
haps, take an hour or two. I have but one amend-
ment, and it will lead to no debate. I do not know
what amendments the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs may have; but I will say that wo shall dis-
pose of the bill as soon as we can. The Senator
knows wo do not interpose it for delay. We are
merely anxious to get along with the appropria-
tion bills. The other bill will come up immedi-
ately afterwards.
Mr.WADE, it appears to me that we had bet-
ter get through with one bill at a time. The home-
stead bill is under consideration,*and I hope we
shall be able to take a vote on it to-day, but at all
events, if it goes over to-day, it goes over until
next Tuesday, because to-morrow is private bill
day, Saturday is devoted to District business, and
there is a special order for Monday, on which a
Senator has the iloor. I think the friends of the
homestead bill ought to stand by it until we get
through with it. I shall ask for the yeas and nays
on the question whether we shall take up this bill
or go on with the homestead bill.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the hour has not yet arrived for calling
up the special order.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the Indian bill the special
order at one o'clock?
TheVICEPRES1DENT. Thehomesteadbill,
being the unfinished business of yesterday, comes
up at one o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. In order to test the question,
1 move to postpone all prior orders for the pur-
pose ot taking up the Indian appropriation bill.
Let the Senate decide. I should like to know their
determination. I am responsible for pushing the
appropriation bills as fast as I can. If the Senate
decide against me, let them do so.
Mr. WADE. I hope the friends of the home-
stead bill will stand by it; and I call for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
• Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I suggest to
the Senator from Virginia that it is not necessary
for him to make a Hsotion to postpone all the prior
orders. 1 he homestead bill does not come up as
the unfinished business until one o 'clock. Let him
make a motion to take up the Indian appropria-
tion bill; let it be taken up; and then, if we see
that discussion is likely to arise, we can lay it
aside, and go on with the homestead bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Then, if'Senators will not
call for the_ yeas and nays, I simply move to take
up the Indian appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will,
of course, call up the special order atone o'clock.
Are the yeas and nays demanded on this last
motion ?
Mr. WADE. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion oflhe Senator from, Virginia, to take
up the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the considera-
tion of the bill (Hi R. No. 215) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and forfufilling treatystip-
ulations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1861, was resumed, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendments reported by
the Committee on Finance have been disposed of.
I now offer one which was not ready when the
bill was last under consideration. It is an amend-
ment to carry out treaty stipulations, to pay a sec-
ond installment which will be due in 1861 to sun-
dry tribes in Washington and Oregon:
Poncas—For second of five installments to be paid to
them or expended for their benefit, commencing with the
year in which they shall remove to and settle upon the tract
reserved for their future homes, per second article treaty
12th March, 1858, $12,000.
For second of ten installments for the establishment and
maintenance of one .or more manual-labor schools, under
the direction of the President, per second articlc treaty 12tll
March, 1858, $5,000.
For second often installment', or during the pleasure of
the President, to be expended in fuinn-hmg said Indians
with such aid and assistance in agricultural and mechani-
cal pursuit", including the working of the mill piovided for
in the first part of this article, as the Secretary of the In-
terior may consider advantageous and neccssary for them,
per second article treaty 12th March, 1858, $7,500.
Dwamisk and other allied tribes in Washington Territory.—
For second installment on $150,000, nnder the direction of
the Piesident, per sixth article treaty 22d January, 1855,
$12,000.
For second of twenty installments for the establishment
and support of an agricultural and industrial school, and to
provide said school with a suitable instructor or instruct-
ors, per fourteenth article treaty 22d January, 1855, $3,000.
For second of twenty installments for the establishment
and support of a smith and carpenter's shop, and to furnish
them with the necessary tools, per fourteenth articlc treaty
22d January, 1850, $500.
1'or second ot twenty installments for the employment of
a blacksmith, carpenter, fanner, and physician who shall
furnish medicines for the. sick, pel fourteenth article treaty
22d January, 1855, $3,000.
Maliah Tribe —For second installment on $30,000, under
the direction ot the President, per fifth article treaty 31st
January, 1855, §2,500, a
For second of twenty installments for tile support of tm
agricultural and industrial school, and for pay of teachers
per eleventh article treaty 31st January, 1855, $2,500.
For second of twenty installments for support of a smith
and carpenter's shop, and to provide the neccssary tools
S-n'nl0r' PCt oleventil artiele treaty 31st January, 1855,
$500.
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
ablacksmith, carpenter, and farmer, and a physician who
shall furnish medicines for the sick, per eleventh article
treaty :Slst January, 1855, §3,000.
lValla-Walla,Cayuscs,and Umatilla Tribes For second
installment of ^50,000, for the erection of buildings on the
reservations, fencing and opening farms, per third article
treaty 9th of June, 1855, $25,000.
For second of five installments of $8,000, under the direc-
tion of the President, per second articlc treaty 9th June,
$y,000.
For second of twenty installments for the purchase of all
nrcessaiy mill fixtures and mechanical tools, medicines
and hospital store*, books and stationeiy for schools, and
furniture for the employes, per fourth auicle treaty 9th
June, 1855, §3,000. J
For second of twenty installments for the pay and sub-
sistence of one superintendent of farming operations, one
farmer, one blacksmith, one wa?ou and plow-makeu one
carpenter and joiner, one physician, and two teacheis, per
fourth aiticie treaty 9th June, 18,35, $7,500.
For becond of twenty installments, for the pay of each of
the head chiefs of the Walla-Walla, Cayu.o, and Umatilla
bands the sum of $500 per annum, per fifth article treaty
9th June, ISoo, $1,50(7. J
For second of twenty installments for salary for the son
-.iri.lI°"pi0"m0X~m0X' pei treaty 9th June, 1855,
Yakama Nation.— For second of five installments for
benencial objects, at 1 he discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty 9th June, 1855, $10,000.
For second of twenty installments for the support of two
schools, one of which to be an agricultural,and industrial
school, keeping in repair school buildings, and for provid-
ing suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth arti-
cle treaty 9th June, 1855, $500.
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
one superintendent of teaching and two teachers, per fifth
article treaty 9th June, 1855, $2,200.
For keeping m repair blacksmiths.', tinsmith's.gunsmith's,
carpenter'^ shop, and wagon and plow-maker's shops, and
