2492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
The actual amount paid to Bowman, Rice, or
the party to whom he subsequently sold the Penn-
sylvania*), and to Mr. Scverns,the proprietor of
the Argus, was, to Rice, $10,706; to Severns,
$5,000: to Horwitz, successor of Rice in thePenn-
sylvanian, $2,000; to Bowman, $3,000—in all,
$20,706. The gross amount paid for blanks from
31st December, 1857, to 1st May, 1859, (the or-
der to Rice was rescinded on 2d May, 1859,) was
(54,130 52; forty-three per cent, of this amount
would be $23,276; so that Wendell has actually
paid for all his contributions, as he pleases to call
them, to the Union, (now the Constitution,) the
Pcnnsylvanian, and the Argus, §2,516 less than
the sum which he actually owed to Jfcice for his
share of the profits on the printing of Post Office
blanks, and to which'Rice was as fully entitled as
if he had sold him land or merchandise to that
amount. But Wendell has recently proposed to
print these blanks for fourteen per cent, of the
price then allowed by law, and has sworn that he
could make money on them at that rate; so that,
by his own showing, he has, or if he had chosen
to execute the work himself, might have gained,
in addition to the $2,516, forty-three per cent, on
$54,130 52, or $23,276. Nor is this all the profit
he derived from the patronage of the Executive
Departments; for he, &t the same time, enjoyed
exclusively the executive binding, which, with
the exception of Post Office blanks, he says, affords
a larger proportionate profit than any other spe-
cies of public printing or binding. He estimates
the sum expended for this object at $230,120 for
six years, or$38,353 33 per annum; and the profits,
at fifty per cent., amount to $19,176 66; so that,
under the arrangement with Bowman, he was in
fact realizing, for himself and for the person
whom he employed to print the Post Office blanks,
an annual profit of $43,398, after making to Bow-
man the stipulated payment of $20,000.
This plain statement of facts, all fully sustained
by the record, completely negatives tlfht branch
of the inquiry which your committee lias been in-
structed to make, suggestive of a levy having been
made upon any person connected with the public
printing, for the purpose of aiding any newspaper
establishment. It is not pretended that any other
person than Wendell was called upon to make
contributions of this kind; and whatever amount
he may have chosen to expend for political pur-
poses other than the support of newspapcis, he
has expressly and repeatedly declared was ex-
ponded, not only without any solicitation fiom
any officer of the Government, but without their
knowledge or approbation, and against the ex-
pressed advice of the President. The resolutions
of the Senate require the committee to examine
whether any member of the Cabinet or any offi-
cer of the Government was "abetting " or privy to
any contract or understanding, levy, or payment,
of the withholding any part of the price fixed by
law for printing from any person or persons who
executed the public printing for any newspaper
or other purpose; and although enough has been
perhaps already stated to relieve the President
and the Cabinet from the implied imputation of
improper interference in the matter, your com-
mittee have thought it due to those high function-
aries to relieve them from all and every suspicion
of having "abetted " any improper application of
the profits of the public printing.
It is the unanimous opinion of the committee
that the present system of public printing is the
worst that could have been adopted, and, from its
very nature, inviting not only a profuse expendi-
ture, but corrupting in its tendencies. The fault
clearly is in the legislation of Congress, and not
in the action of the Executive. The committee,
liowcv-er, do not consider themselves called on by
.the terms of the resolution to suggest the mode
of remedying the evils which all admit to exist.
This seems more properly to come within the
jurisdiction of the standing Committee on Print-
ing, who are necessarily more conversant with all
the details of the subject. The executive printing
forms but a small proportion of the total expend-
iture for the public printing; and it has been al-
ready shown that, with the exception of Post Office
blanks, the Executive can exercise but a very
limited discretion in the selection of the persons ,
by whom the work is to be performed; frequently, j
indued, as in the case of Wendell, it has no op-
tion at all.
As regards the Post Office blanks, there seems
to have been no interference on the part of the
Executive but in the order given to Kice, of the
31st December, 1857, and its rescission on the 2d
May, 1859, by the Postmaster General. Having
the power to dispense this patronage, the value
of which seems not to have been known to any
but adepts in the mysteries of printing, the Post-
master General very naturally, and in the opin-
ion of the committee very properly, chose to con-
fer it upon a person whose political sympathies
were with the Administration of which he was a
member. It would have been a subject of loud
and of just reproach had it been bestowed on
one hostile to the principles and policy of that
Administration. 'Prom the day it was given to
Mr. Ricc, neither the President nor any member
of the Cabinet, with the exception of the Post-
master General, appears to have interfered with
it in any way; but, on the contrary, it is proved,
by several witnesses, and by Wendell himself,
that the President uniformly and peremptorily
declined to express any opinion, except to refuse
to authorize a contract for any definite period to
be made for the blanks, as he wished the matter
to be at all times within the control of Congress.
So in relation to thc^transfcr of the "Union."
All the witnesses who knew anything of the mat-
ter concur in stating that the President not only
refused to give advice, but to intimate any opin-
ion or wish respecting it. The Attorney General,
Mr. Black, who acted as the friend of Bowman
in the negotiation of the tiansfer from Wendell,
declares that he believes that no other member of
the Cabinet knew anything of the matter until it
was consummated; that he callcd upon the Presi-
dent, who was very friendly to Bowman, to ask
his advice about it, and his reply was, " that it
was a subject on which he would advise no man;
that Mr. Appleton had had a proposition of the
kind made to htm, and had asked his advice, but
that he refused to give it."
As illustrative of the loose manner in which
Congress sometimes legislates on the subject of
printing, and of the facility with which many of
those who are most clamorous about the abuses
of patronage and extravagant expenditures lose
their zeal for economy when the interests of their
political favorites are to be advanced, the com-
mittee, in their report, invite the attention of the
Senate to an expenditure of $340,000, authorized
by a section of the " act makingappropriationsfor
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1859." Towards the close
of the session of 1858 this amendment was offered
atalate hour. Its object was to authorize the con-
tinuation of the compilation of documents known
as the "American State Papers." Its introduc-
tion was opposed on the ground that it could not
be entertained, as it was a violation of the 30th
rule of the Senate, that no amendment making an
appropriation should be received unless emanat-
ing from some selector standing committee. The
objection' was overruled, on the flimsy pretext
that, although the expenditure was authorized,
yet, as no appropriation was directly made, it was
not in contravention of the rule. The compila-
tion was directed to be made by the Secretary of
the Senate and Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives, and they were directed to make a contract
with Gales & Seaton for publishing the same, not
to exceed two thousand copies in number, the
prices or rates for the printing of the work not to
exceed those paid at present for the printing of
the documents of Congiess, including paper and
binding, having regard to the quality and value
of the materials used and the work done; that the
cost of the publication should not exceed $340,000,
and that not more than $25,000 should be required
for the purpose during the next fiscal year. These
terms were stated m the debate not to be suffi-
ciently remunerative, and doubts were intimated
whether Messrs. Gales & Seaton would be will-
ing to accept them. The section, however, was
adopted; and on a call of the yeas and nays not a
solitary vote of the Opposition party was recorded
in the negative. The contract was made on the
30th June, 1858.
On the same day, Gales & Seaton made with
Cornelius Wendell a contiact by which he agreed
to execute the work, furnishing all the materials,
the profits to be divided equally between the par-
ties; it being understood and agreed between the
contracting parties that forty per cent, should be
considered as the profits on the work, and that
eighty cents of every dollar should be paid to
Wendell for executing the said work, and for his
share of the profits; thus leaving to Gales & Sea-
ton a clear bonus of $68,000 for a work respecting
tvliich they rendered no scrvice and incurred no
responsibility; for the work of compilation is per-
formed by the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives. When
the papers are prepared they are s^lit to Wen-
dell's printing office; and it does not appear that
Gales & Seaton exercised any supervision of the
work. No security was given, either by Gales &
Seaton or by Wendell, for the performance of the
contract. On the 18th of September, 1858, Gales
& Seaton obtained from Samuel Blatchford, a
leading and active member of the Republican
party in New York, and Edwin D.Morgan, now
the Republican Governor of the State of New
York, an advance of $30,000 on the moneys to be
paid under the contract. If this work was not
intended as a mere gratuity to political favorites—
as the task of compilation was confided to the of-
ficers of the Senate and House of Representatives
—one of two alternatives would necessarily have
been adopted: the work would have taken the or-
dinary course, and been performed under the di-
rection of the Superintendent of Public Printing;
or,after properadvertisement, given to the lowest
responsible bidder. The work would have been
equally well done, and in either case with great
saving to the Government.
On this point the testimony is conclusive. Mr.
John C. Rives and Mr. William Towers have
carefully examined two volumes—the fourth and
fifth—of these State Papers printed by Wendell
under his agreement with Gales & Seaton, for the
purpose of estimating what would be the differ-
ence between the cost under the contract and the
cost if it had been executed by thePublic Printer.
Mr. Towers estimated the cost by contract at
$13,690 53 for the fourth volume, and $10,826 91
tor the fifth; for both $24,517 57; the Congress
prices for both $18,240 60—a difference on the two
volumes of $6,276 94. Mr. pives made no cal-
culation of the cost at contract prices, but esti-
mated them at Congress prices $17,841 68. The
difference is not very material between tho> esti-
mates of Towers and Rives, and arises chiefly
from the calculations of the cost of paper and
binding; but takingTowerss estimate, the average
difference of cost per volume between contract and
Congress prices is $3,138 47; or for twenty-eight
volumes, which would exhaust the sum contem-
plated by the contract, the enormous amount of
$87,878. If the work had been given to the lowest
bidder, the comparison would be still less favor-
able to the contract with Gales & Seaton.
Mr. Rives, whose ability to peform the work,
and abundant responsibility in case of failure to
comply with any contract he might make, will not
be contested, offered in writing to Gales & Seaton
to do the work at $3 33per volumeof nine hundred
pa^es, and swears that he could have well afforded
to do it at that rate. Had they accepted his propo-
sition, they would have made $113,560 net profit
on tins contract.
In connection with the transfer of the Union
by Wendell to Bowman, a brief allusion has been
made to what is callcd the executive binding and
its very lucrative character. It is not surprising,
therefore, to find that others should be as anxious
to snatch, as Wendell was to retain, this tempting
prize. Among the most pertinacious in efforts to
secure it was William Pettibone. The commit-
tee comment on his testimony more at length than
would under ordinary circumstances be ncccs-
Sc;ry or proper; but at this time, when the most
unfounded and mendacious assaults upon the fair
fame and integrity of men in the highest station
arc made by fanatical partisans or unscrupulous
knaves, am! reechoed over the land by ribald and
licentious presses, it will not be a useless waste
of time to present a striking illustration of the
lengths to which disappointed men, even of pre-
viously fair reputation, will go to gratify their
malignant passions; or if the mildest construction
be given to their acts, how far they maybe blinded
by some supposed injustice done to them, and
under what strange hallucinations they may labor.
By the eleventh section ofact of1858, (chapter one
hundred and fifty-four, page 327, volume eleven.
Statutes at Large,) it was enacted:
"That all the tilling and binding for the several Execu-
tive Departments shall be executed by piactical and com-
