106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Invasion of States—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
been sown so industriously, should have borne
their bloody fruit 111 the raid of John Brown ? Is
it surprising that men who were taught to look
on us as accursed of man and God, and as sus-
taining institutions which are incapable of pal-
liation or defense, feel that they arc justified in
attacking us by all the means in their power, no
matter what may be the consequence? I know
that gentlemen have risen here to disclaim allsym-
% pathy or approbation with that attack, and 1 do
not mean, by any means, to impeach their sin-
cerity; but it is to be remarked that in none of the
non-slaveholding States where the Republican
party have the predominance have the Governors
of those States, or, as far as I know, the Legis-
latures, proposed any legislation which was cal-
culated to punish and repress such attacks in the
future; and it is also to be remembered that the
Republican party at this session chose for its can-
didate as Speaker of the other House a man who
had indorsed a book which preached precisely
what John Brown practiced; which recommended
that they should get up servile war and dissension
between the different classes of whites, in order
to disturb our peace, and to injure our scheme and
our system of society. Nor, sir, will it be strange
if the northern emissary who goes in our midst
carrying Helper's book, which has these objects
in view, should soon be followed by others who
bear with them Sharped rifle and the pike. Is it
not manifest that, if the teachings of that book be
carried out, it can lead to nothing else than the
repetition of such assaults -M those that we have
lately witnessed ?
Now, I will ask for what purpose is this war-
fare waged on us ? It must have some end in
view. It cannot be agitation for the mere sake
of agitation, for even the Abolitionist would say
that that was wanton cruelty and reckless wick-
edness*, and if it has any end in view, what can
that end be but the abolition of slavery in the
States ? What can they have m view but to make
the institution so odious, so uncomfortable, so
dangerous,'as to force, if they can, the whites of
the southern States to emancipate the slaves; and
yet, if they had the power to-morrow they would
not dare, (or, if they did they would soon be pun-
ished by their own constituents,) for their own
sakes, to emancipate these negroes. What would
be the consequences if they did? Would not
both races decline? Would not industry decay?
Would not the British experiment be repeated;
and what would become of themselves? How
many northern ships would be laid up to rot at
their wharves when the cotton and the great sta-
ples of (he South were no longer produced to give
them freights? How many looms would be idle
when the cotton was wanting which was neces-
sary to put them in motion? How many manu-
factories would be slopped when the lieh markets
of the South were dried up and exhausted and
closed to them? How many of their own people
would be forced to emigrate or to starve? How
many of their homesteads would be desolate ?
Sir, if they were to attempt it, it would not be
three months after tin' deed was done before their
own people would drive them into the sea, if there
was no other mode of escaping the consequences
of their acts. It is impossible that they could do
it, even if they had the political power. Why,
then, keep up this war and this agitation ? If it
is designed for any end, that is the end; but their
own interests and their own safety would pre-
vent it.
But does any man suppose that such a warfare
can be constantly kept up, without leading to a
severance and dissolution of this Union ? Do you
not virtually invite the southern States to secede,
when you oiler them wrongs and injuries, be-
cause of their association with you, which you
could not practice towards them if they were sep-
arate and independent States? Ik not this n vir-
tual invitation to them to secede? Are not the
wrongs and insults which you are offering us 111
themselves a cause of war as between independ-
ent nations? Suppose the French, now in alli-
ance with the English, were to send such emissa-
ries a3 this Helper into the East Indies, to stir up
civil strife, to produce domestic insurrection, to
sow the seeds of dissension between Europeans
ot the halt and of the whole blood in the British
Indian empire: suppose that the French Govern-
ment were to make their diplomatic communica-
tion with the British Government the means and
the medium of taunts and insults, for the cruelties
which have been practiced and connived at under
the British Government in India, how long would
the entente cordiale last ? "How long before either
shore of the Channel would resound with the roar
of those immense engines of destruction which
each nation has been taxing its ingenuity to invent
and construct ? And is it to be supposed that a
similar and worse grievance can be kept up here
without leading to the consequences of severance
and separation on the part of the South.
I know, sir, it has been said that the South
would be whipped into the Union; that the South
cannot dissolve it. This might be provoking if
it were not so absurd. We probably number
now something like thirteen million people. We
cover, as was said by the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] the other day, eight hundred and
forty thousand square miles of magnificent terri-
tory. Is it possible that such a people with such
resources could be coerced into submission ? So
far as foreign alliances are concerned, who does
not know that cotton is king—a king who can
command alliances with the fleets of all the civ-
ilized world to keep open the ports through which
they were to obtain the raw material that keeps
alive their starving population ?•
But, Mr. President^vsuppose they could subdue
the South; suppose they could whip it; what
would they do afterwards > Would they emanci-
pate the slaves? I think I have shown that they
could not do so, except at the sacrifice of interests
which are too dear to themselves. What would
they do with these conquered provinces? Rule
them as such ? That would involve a changc both
of the Constitution and the Government. Would
they introduce them into the Government as they
wore before ? By their more vis inertia they could
put a stop to the machinery of the Government.
The Soutn now, without leaving the Union, could
paralyze this Government so that it would be
worthless to all who were concerned in it. Suppose
its State Legislatures were to pass taxing law;?, and
they could pass such laws under the decisions of
the Supreme Court, which, in fact, shut out north-
ern trade and commerce; suppose they should
make personal intercourse so dangerous and bur-
densome, that it would cease; suppose its members
here, feeling that this Government was an instru-
ment of oppression", were to choose to use then-
power under the Constitution to obstruct and to
thwart it, when would you get your House or-
ganized, yourappropriation bills passed; and after
they were introduced who would know in what
shape they would pass ? Sir, this coercion of which
they speak is impossible. If you were to engage
in such a contest, victory would be worse to you
than defeat; because, if you conquered, you would
destroy the industry on which you yourselves
depended; whilst, on the other hand, if the South
constituted a separate and independent confed-
eracy, you might still enjoy a portion of that rich
commerce of which you are now deriving the fruits.
I ask, then, again, why this agitation, and why
this war upon us? I am told that it is because
slavery is a sinful institution—yes, sir, that the
institution is a sin, and abhorrent to man and to
God. Has not experience shown that when the
black and the white race are thrown together, if
you establish the relation of master and slave be-
tween them, that such a society is capable of a
great development, morally, socially, and politi-
cally ; that such an organization is best for the hap-
piness of both races; and has it not been proved,
by actual experiment, that if you destroy that re-
lation, both races decline, and industry decays?
Cfcui that state of things be wrong which leads to
the happiness of both races ? Can that be right
which inflicts on them irremediable mischief and
injury? But by what right docs any man under-
take to say that a political institution which can
be shown to be the normal condition of human
society, and which has subsisted as long ago as
we have Jiuman history, is a sin, when there is
not a respectable nation in the world that has not,
at some period of its existence, maintained it?
There is not a respectable system of civilization
known to history, or at the present period, whose
foundations were not laid 111 this institution of
domestic slavery.
That it was the case in regard to the nations of
antiquity, we all know. That the European na-
tions commenced,and based, their systems of civ-
ilization on this institution, is notorious; anditis
not vet two centuries since slavery was legal in
England and France. That we ourselves owe the
early settlement and wonderful extension of our
population in this country to the slavery which
was introduced into all the Atlantic States, is ob-
vious to whoever will consider the proposition.
But for that forced labor, if we had depended on
whites alone, it is probable that neither should we
have settled up the country rapidly enough, nor
have had population enough, to have made and
maintained the great revolutionary issue at the
time when it occurred; and if we had failed then,
how much of our subsequent history would have
been left untold? Here, sir, upon this continent,
those Indian tribes that did not establish slavery
were mere nomades, without arts, without civilizat-
ion; and those nations in which slavery was es-
tablished, as the Aztecs and the Peruvians, main-
tained a social organization, the monuments of
whose power still excite respect and admiration.
Sir, the monuments of the-Incas exceed in mag-
nitude anything that has been achieved by their
Spanish successors. Take the American States
south of our boundary, and which of them in
which slavery has been abolished has not deteri-
orated, and which of them has improved except
the Portuguese settlement of Brazil, in which Af-
rican slavery was, and is, established?
Sir, the history of slavery in the European civ-
ilization, and of its emancipation, is familiar to
us all. It seems in the beginnings of society to
be necessary. When the moral impulses to labor
are not sufficiently strong, it requires physical
force: and, accordingly, it has been used 111 the
early history of all civilized people; and where
the races are equal, the slave, in process of time,
by his improvement, will vindicate his equality;
and when he has done that, his labor becomes
more profitable as a freeman than as a slave, and
emancipation then becomes profitable, both to
master and slave. It was thus that it was accom-
plished in Euiopean society without shock and
without injury to any one, convulsing 110 Gov-
ernment, and disturbing no interest in society. It
commenced first in the free cities, where the most
intelligent laborers and the mechanics were gath-
ered; and afterwards, when the predial laborer,
the rural serf, increased in intelligence and virtue,
it became profitable to emancipate him, too.
Now, sir, if the negro race be equal to the white
race, as the Abolitionists maintain, it will vindicate
its equality by its improvement, and the same
process will take place; but if, on the contrary,
he be an inferior, as I maintain and believe he is,
then experience has shown that the happiest re-
lation which you con establish between that race
and the white, is the relation of master and slave.
3 ask then, sir, by what authority it is that an
institution which all Governments have found ne-
cessary, and which has been common to nearly
all the nations of the world, is now pronounced
a sin and a crime ? Is the voice of experience to
go for nothing? Are its teachings without value?
But we are told that slavery is contrary to the
abstract principles of right, and the great maxim
of "do as you would b<fdone by." Mr. Presi-
dent, I acknowledge the truth of this maxim, and
properly interpreted, it vindicates by its wisdom
its divine origin; but when misapplied and mis-
represented, it may be made the means of infinite
mischief. If I were to do as I would be done by
in his case, I would probably set free the mur-
derer from the jail wherein he was confined; but
if I would do as I would be done by to the thou-
sands of innocent people on whom he would thus
be turned loose, I would not aid his escape. If f
were to do as I would be done by in this case, I
would, perhaps, emancipate the slaves; but if I
were to do as 1 would be done by to the millions
of whites and blacks who arc interested in main-
taining that relation, I would do nothing to dis-
turb it.
But, sir, if in truth it be such a sin and such a
curse that the conscience of any large party in the
North cannot enter into compact or bonds with
it, that they can have no connection with it, that
they cannot carry out the guarantees and the
stipulations of the Constitution which look to its
