1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2493
appropriation bill, jphi" Senattr ,4'wa^f^
netent book-binders, to be appointed by the head of tlie
Department."
Wendell, as I bate before stated, had been, and
tfas then, employed to do this work. Pettibone
b'esieged the President atfd the heads of Depart-
ments for the work, on the ground that he was a
practical book-binder, and that Wendell was not,
with a persistence that, according to his own state-
ment, must-have been excessively annoying to
those gentlemen. The Secretary of the Interior
seems to have been more especially the victim of
these persecutions. At last, having been informed
.by Pettibone that he had brought the subject to
the attention of the President, he was assured that
an order from the President would be respected
and carried out, and that nothing short of that
would secure him the work of the Interior Depart-
ment. This order the President peremptorily re-
fused to give, on the ground, as stated by him to
the Secretary of the Interior, that it was a matter
intrusted by law to the heads of the Departments,
and that he would not in any way interfere with it.
Pettibone then addressed a letter to the President,
insisting that, under the law, the ruling and bind-
' ing work of the Executive Departments could not
rightfully be given to Wendell, urging his claims
to it as a practical book-binder, and suggesting,
as he said, in accordance with the previous assur-
ance of the President, that it should be laid before
the Attorney General for his opinion of the intent
and meaning of the law. This letter he swears
was sent to the Attorney General with an indorse-
ment in these words: "referred to the Attorney
General, but not for his opinion." He further
swears that on seeing this indorsement on the
letter in the hands of the Attorney General, he
again called on the President,
"And asked him if he did not assure me that r should
have the opinion of the Attorney General; and lie said
'yes,' and that I &Hbuld have it. I said, 'it is indorsed in
such a way that the Attorney Geneial could not give me
his opinion.' lie said: {go to Judge Black, and teil hun
I say, as coming from me, that he must give you his opin-
ion touching that law.' I called upon Judge Black, and he
informed me he could not gw an opinion, unless he had
an order in writing, and he would ask the President the
next day about It. I saw him the next day, and he told me
he had seen the President, and that the Piesident told lnm
he declined acting in the matter, as the Cabinet had acted
upon it,*and they must take the responsibility, J'or he would
not."
After his testimony had been closed, he ad-
dressed the following letter to the chairman of the
committee, to be appended to his testimony:
Washington, February 27, 18G0.
~ Sir: There is a matter connected with my testimony
which I wisdi inserted, to make the rccord coricet; it isJ
this: when 1 called on Judge 'Hhiek, and called hi* atten-
tion to the indorsement on my letter to the Piesident, and
by the President icleried to the Attorney General—hut not
for his opinion—Judge Black s.ud he did not undeistand
such an indorsement—refer a papei to him,and yetieijucst
him not to give an opinion, fie said he would take that
paper back to the President, and have it changed, which he
did. The lhst inducement was very nicely erased, and
another substituted in its place by the Piesident, and signed
J. B.,-as I saw the paper after it came back to the Attorney
General's ollice; but the exact woids of the last indorsement
I do not recollect; but your committee can &ee it by send-
ing ior the original paper.
WILLIAM PETTIBONE.
Hon. Senator Kino, Chairman Investigating Committee.
This letter contains not only a charge upon the
veracity and fair-dealing of the President, but of
the commission of a moral forgery. Fortunately,
the charge has been disproved, not only by the
Attorney General and Mr. Roane, the clerk hav-
ing exclusive custody of this paper, and others of
a similar character, but by the production of the
letter itself, having on it the original indorsement
of the President, in his own handwriting, in these
words:
" Referred to the Attorney General, though tlie 1'iesident
does not intend to interfere with the decision 01 action ot
the ditfeient heads of Departments 111 the selection of book-
binders, the law having expressly conferred this power on
them. J. 1"!."
The testimony of the Attorney General and
Mr. Roane is confirmed, if any confirmation be
necessary, by that of Mr. Kelly, chief clerk of
the Department of the Interior, who happened to
be present at a conversation between the Presi-
dent and Pettibone, in which, in answer to Petti-
bonc's complaints that justice had not been done
him by the heads of the Departments, the Presi-
dent replied that the binding was a matter which
he must leave exclusively to his Secretaries; and
that he could not interfere in regard to it. This
conversation occurred nearly at the date of Pct-
tibone's letter to the President; and the answer
of the President is substantially the same asljis
indorsement'on that letter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. -The Senator from
Louisiana will pause. The hour of twelve o 'clock
has arrived, and it is the duty of the Chair to call
up the special order.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have but a few observations
more to make.
Mr. MASON. I believe by general consent the
Senator may go on. *
Mr. KING. I hope the Senate will allow this
matter to be concluded this morning. I desire to
occupy perhaps half or three quarters of an hour,
and my colleague on the committee [Mr. Antho-
ny] a less time. I am willing to let the Senator
from Louisiana go on,with-the understanding
that we shall all be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can only
say, that if unanimous consent be given, the Sen-
ator from Louisiana can proceed.
Mr. MASON. With every disposition in the
world to accommodate Senators in this matter, I
shall not object to the conclusion of the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana; but if
that is to be followed by a discussion, I must now
ask the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SLIDELL. I shall occupy but a few
minutes more, and I trust the Senate will permit
me to finish what I have to say.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Louisiana
will see how I stand. If I allow him to be heard,
I cannot object to the others.
Mr. KING. I am aware that the Senator from
Virginia desires to extend courtesy, but I think
it had better be extended to us all; and unless it
is extended to all, I shall object to any further
continuance.
Mr. MASON. The Senator misapprehends
me. I have no disposition to extend courtesy to
one side at the expense of another.
Mr. KING. I know that.
Mr. MASON. What I meant was this. I
understand that the Senator from Louisiana will
only require about five minutes to finish what he
is now saying, and when that is done I shall move
an executive session.
Mr. f£ING. Then I must object to the Senator
from Louisiana going on; and must insist on the
regular order of business, unless all of us can be
allowed to be heard.
Mr. SLIDELL. T trust the Senator will per-
mit me to finish. I do not see what he is to gain
by refusing it.
Mr. KING. I gain nothing and I lose nothing.
I prefer that the whole matter should-be disposed
of at once.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Virginia is
willing tlvit I should conclude. Then the other
questions can be taken up afterwards. I shall not
occupy more than five minutes.
Mr. KING. I am disposed to adhere to my
wish on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York insisting 011 the regular order of busi-
ness, it is the duty of the Chair 
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to postpone the reg-
ular order of business for the purpose of enabling
me to conclude my statement of the purport of
the report of the committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the motion
of the Senator from Louisiana, so that the regular
order of business shall be postponed until the
Senator from Louisiana and the Senator from
New York shall both have made their statements.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will move a postponement
until half past twelve o'clock. I think that is
fair.
Mr. KING. That will not give us time. I
should be glad to get through with this matter this,
morning, and prefer it. My colleague on the
committee [Mr. Anthony] desires to make a few
remarks 011 this subject, and I will propose a
postponement until half past one o'clock, which,
A think, will give us sufficient time.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. Thehourof twelve
having arrived, the Chair calls up the special order,
which is the unfinished business of yesterday.
The Senator from Louisiana moves to postpone
it, with a view to continue the statement which
he has commenced.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the unfinished
business?
!l The VICE PRESIDENT. The Post Office
be postponed.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am sure that one o'clock will
be sufficient.
Mr, KING. If it is, that ends it, and the other
matter comes up of course. I only want the post-
ponement until this matter is concluded. I trust
it may be got through with by one o'clock; but
it may not be, and therefore I have named half
past one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New York,
proposing to postpone the special order until half
past one o'clock.
Mr. KING. I will modify my motion, and say
until this matter is concluded.
Mr. MASON. That is very indefinite.
Mr. KING. I think it will be concluded by
half past one.
Several Senators. Say half past one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Which is tho
amendment of the Senator?
Mr. KING. I prefer to say until this matter
is concluded; but I will agree to the suggestion
that is made by many Senators, and name half
past one o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I do not wish to interfere fur-
ther than to be at liberty to move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business
when the special order comes up. I presume, how-
ever, I cannot make the motion now, there being
a pending motion to postpone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses not, a motion being at present before tho
Senate.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator from New York
will now say that he will not ask that this ques-
tion shall be continued beyond half past ono
o'clock, I will yield.
Mr. KING. I am content with that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the unfinished business of yester-
day, the special order, be postponed until half
past one o'clock, with a view to continue the
present subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will continue then, and in
a few moments conclude my statement ol the
views which a majority of the committee have
taken.
The committee, in their report, procced to a
more detailed analysis of the testimony of Cor-
Wlius Wendell. This is not an agreeable task,
but they felt that they would Be recreant to their
public duties if they shrank from its perform-
ance. Pie is the only witness who has attempted
to impute to the President any improper interfer-
ence with the application of the profits derived
from tlie public piinting. AH that he has charged
or insinuated on this subject is contradicted not
only by himself on cross-examination, butby the
testimony of other witnesses, summoned to sup-
port the allegations of the resolution of inquiry.
The committee use this word purposely; for while
adopting the ordinary phraseology of similar res-
olutions, no direct assertion of improper conduct
on the part of the President or his Cabinet is
made, yet every one knows, and few will deny,
that they substantially present a bill of indict-
ment, to be supported by such witnesses as might
be summoned for that purpose.
Wendell says that he was " constrained' to
carry on the Union at a large sacrifice; that he
was " taxed" to keep it up; that out of his hard
earnings as executive printer, he was " required
by the President of the United States to contrib-
ute, against his will, not only to keep up the
Union, but also to sustain two other newspapers,
the Pennsylvanian arid Argus." (See testimony,
pages 11, 22, 192, and 193.) Now, what does
Wendell himself say in refutation of his own as-
sertions? That he first proposed to the President,
through Judge Nicholson, the transfer of the
Union to Bowman; that he acted exclusively on
his own volition; that the overture originated en-
tirely with himself; that he went, of his own ac-
cord, to see the President on tho subject; that he
did not recollect what the President said to him;
and when asked whether the President assumed
to make any bargain with him, or to enter into
any details, his reply was, " not at all." (See
testimony, page 12.) Again, when asked whethei
