THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1860.
New Series No. 34.
but this: that the House should dispose of the
question of order raised by the gentleman, or by-
one of his colleagues, upon the admissibility of
tin' resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Hotchins.] 1 desired the House to dispose of
that;and the only way in which, as I understood,
it could bo disposed of was by a vote of the
House, and on that I asked forthe yeas and nays.
I should be greatly obliged to the gentleman from
Virginia if he can assign any reason why he him-
self should not consent that the House should
proceed at once to dispose of the question of
order before the House by a vote by the House r
Mr. BOCOCK. Because I have given to the gen-
tleman from Iowa, and to other gentlemen on that
side of the House, credit—which home gentlemen
on this side of the House, who do noi know them
as well as I do, have not given them—for not de-
siring to drive forward to their point m defiance
and despite of law. I believed tiiat these gentle-
men themselves wereopen to conviction; and that
if they could be shown that the position they
occupy was not in accordance with law, and not
proper, they would not insist on canyiiig their
point by force of numbers, however much their
own desire and inclination might lead them in
that direction. It was because I thought I could
show that the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Hutchins] was not in order, that I
took the floor at this moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire the gentleman from
Virginia to remember that he himself, yesterday,
ifl understood him, made the intimation, in which
I entirely concur with him, that if this question
of order which he himself raised upon the admis-
sibility of the proposition of my colleague, [Mr.
Hotciiins,] were voted down, the question itself,
being upon the passage of the resolution, would
then be open to discussion, so that the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] and all other gentle-
men on this side of the House, to whom the gen-
tleman from Virginiaalluded to as likely to listen
to argument and reason to govern them in their
votes, would be just as open to conviction after
this question of order had been disposed of, as
they are now.
jVlr. BOCOCK. The gentleman will see that
it would be a very different question.
Mr. BINGHAM. How different?
Mr. BOCOCK. What I propose to show is,
that the proposition presented by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Hutciiins] is not legitimately be-
fore the House. Now, if the objection be waived,
and the proposition be permitted to come before
the House, the only question will then be, whether
the plurality rule, being legitimately before us,
shall be adopted ?
Mr. GROW. I do not like to interrupt,the gen-
tleman; but I wish to present a consideration to
linn that lie may comment upon it. I think the
gentleman—and I give him all credit for the re-
marks he has just made—did not correctly state
the position occupied by this side of the House.
Our view is, that the question pending before the
House is, whether, if the gentleman from Ohio can
introduce his proposition, that question is or is
not subject to debate? The gentleman thinks it
is open'for debate. Now, I submit that that is a
question for the House to determine, whether it is
or not; and that that question can be submitted to
the House without piling questions of order upon
each other, which, as the gentleman says, cannot
k be done.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman will see that
it is putting one question of order upon another
question of order. The question of order first pre-
sented was, that the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio was not in order; and when I
rise to debate it, gentlemen say that debate is not
m order. I raise the question upon that, that the
gentleman had no right to raise that question of
order. Does not the gentleman see tjiat this is
piling questions of order upon each other'
Mr. GROW. I think I can show the gentle-
man that there is a mode of getting at it without
piling questions of order upon each other. When
a gentleman gets up and enters into general dis-
34
cussion, you might call him to order, becausc he
is notkeeping within the rules, which require him
to confine his remarks to the question before the
House, if debatable; and if not, he cannot go on
to discuss it. That question must be submitted
before any other; and there is no opportunity of
piling questions upon each other. I grant that you
cannot raise questions of order upon each other,
as the gentleman says; but if a gentleman upon
the floorcommcnces a general discussion upon the
afFairs of this Union, I say that I have the right
to rise and call him to order, and insist that he
shall confine his remarks to the point under con-
sideration; and I repeat that it is not piling ques-
tions upon each other.
Now, my notion of this whole question is this:
that the point of order being raised whether a par-
ticular proposition is in order or not, and the ques-
tion being raised whether general discussion can
be entertained upon that question, this latter ques-
tion must first be determined by a vote of the
House before any such discussion can go on. I
know the gentleman's love of order, and there-
fore I call his attention and the attention of the
House to this position. I repeat, that the point
being raised, a gentleman cannot be permitted to
enter into general discussion upon this question
of order; before he can be permitted to go on, the
question must be submitted to the House, justas,
at a former period in the session, the question was
submitted to the House whether Mr. Logan, of
Illinois, should be permitted to proceed. If the
majority of the House say that general discussion
is in order, then the debate can go on; but this
question ought first to be settled by the House.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 think I comprehend the
views of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The
difficulty in the way of their correctness grows
out of the anomaly of the position. I know no
case under parliamentary law where one question
of order can be raised upon another question of
order to be decided by the House. If such were
the case, points of order might be piled upon each
other ad infinitum. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania further, that in the ordinary
proceedings of the House, when there isaSpcaker,
a gentleman who is not confining his remarks to
the question of order pending may be called to
order by another member, and the point made
that he is not confining himself within the legit-
imate sphere of debate. The Speaker is bound
to decide that; and the only responsibility resting
upon the Speaker in such case, is that he is liable
to a vote of censure if he does not decide it cor-
rectly. But there being no Speaker now, there is
no authority to decide points of order, and there
is 110 case under parliamentary law where one
point of order can be raised upon another point
of order. Of course, growing out of the anomaly
of the position, you cannot raise that point of
order.
Mr. GROW. Why >
Mr. CURTIS. Allow me a minute. Having
raised the question of order myself, I claim the
right of stating it again.
Mr. GR.OW. Youmay have the llooraltogcther
if you wish it.
Mr. CURTIS. I concede that the Manual is
full of the idea that you cannot pile one motion
upon another, and particularly that you cannot
raise one question of order upon another; and it
is to exclude and preclude all such motions that
I rose to a point of order this morning. The
point I make is this: that the previous question
having been moved by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Hutchins,! all discussion is out of order;
and that, therefore, when a gentleman rises to dis-
cuss this very point of order, he maybe called to
order. If the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio was in order, then any question can be raised
upon which there is no chance of debate, and the
only question that can be put by the Speaker, or
by the Clerk is, " Shall the main question be now
put?" now, to-day, in advance of all discussion?
In this view of the point I make,th<n-e is no pos-
sibility of piling one motion upon another, and
especially none of piling one point of order upon
another, since I have insisted the previous ques-
tion cuts them off.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, then, if there is no point
of order raised on me, I will proceed. I will state
to the gentleman from Iowa m all frankness that
all I want to do is just what he has done. He
has done a little more than state his point of order
—he has argued it; and I want now-to reply to his
argument.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let me say a
word here. I wish to say in reference to the gen-
tleman^ position, that points of order cannot be
piled upon points of order; that it often happens
in the House that several points of order are
pending at the same time. For instance: the
liouse proceeds to the transaction of the regular
business, a question of order is raised, and during
its discussion another business intervenes, aay by
a privileged question. When that privileged ques-
tion is up another question of order may be raised,
and it must bo. decided. Suppose we were in
session to-day, and had the appropriation bills
before us, and on them a question of order was
raised. If then the Committee of Elections came
in with a report, that would supersede all other
business; another question of order could be raised
on that. This is the first question of order on
this piivileged question. We maintain that here
there is a privileged question, the resolution of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hutchins.] W%
maintain that that privileged question takes pre-
cedence of all other motions. There is but one
question of order, and that question is distinctly
and directly before us. Now, are we right in
assuming that? It is the question, and the only
question of order now before us. Are we right
that that is a privileged question, and that the
question of older is the question before us?
Let mc say another word. The gentleman from
Virginia says that there is a reason why we could
not move this question, because there were other
questions pending upon which the previous ques-
tion had been demanded. Grantitto be so; grant
it to bo true that we arc in error in supposing that
this is a privileged question, and that a question
of order may be raised on it: what results> The
previous question is already demanded upon a pre-
cedent proposition, and, that being so, there can
be no debate on it. So, then, if the gentleman in-
sists upon that demand forthe previous question,
debate is out of order upon the gentleman's own
theory; until that first demand for the previous
question is disposed of, no debate can be in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope that gentlemen will now
let me proceed. I give the gentleman from«Maine
credit for having stated his proposition two or
three different times, and for having done what ..
few other people can do, stated it again and again
in almost precisely the same language.
Mr. Clerk, I know the gentleman from Maine,
and I know his knowledge of parliamentary law.
The theory be has advanced and the argument he
has made are very ingenious; but they rest upon
the fallacy that the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio is before the House. T1ie$ is the very
thing I confute: he has taken for granted the very
question 1 contest. I deny that the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio is before the House.
My friend from North Carolina very properly
stated that one great cause of the difficulty of
our friend over the way in regard to this matter
was confounding the main question with the pre-
vious question. The Manual, as read by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, says that when the
previous question has been called and seconded,
the question then comes up and cannot be debated.
That is not now the condition of the thing before
the House. The question is now on the previous
question, atleost that is the proposition, tjiat the
previous question shall be called. That call for
the previous question has not been seconded.
I say that the previous question itself would he
debatable.
I will state further, that the gentleman, in my
humble judgment, does not apprehend the exact
nature, substancc, and history of what is called the
previous question. The origin of the previous
