2494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
he
was*
th
Ui
lowing card
Washington Union, December 11,1858.
A Card.—My attention lias bee* called to a paragraph
in a letter to the New York Times, of tho Oth instant, la
vague and geueml term'!, that the President had caused cer-
tain money, justly due to some individual, to be used for
electioneering purposes; wlthtli is accusation my own name
has been eo generally connoetea in conversation, that I feel
constrained, publicly and emphatically, to deny all knowl-
edge or belief of any fact which can warrant it, and to de-
clare that President Buchanan nevei did authorize, advise,
or request mo, directly or indirectly, to use either my ovvn
money or that of any other peison, for any purpose like
that mentioned in the paragraph refeired
uci affecting any public election. C.
Refeiring to this card, lie swears (pages 24 and
25) that some time in the month of September
preceding its date—
<< I su^ested the stoppage of the payment to the 1'enn-
sylvanianon my own vulition, believing that the money
was thrown away tiieie. 1 stopped it. 1 had two reasons
for u. One was: I wanted home of the profits myselt, for
i was running into difficulties, and I thought t was entitled
to some of tiie profits. I suggested it to the President, and,
without his direction, I stopped it. lie did not direct it to
be done, nor dissent. lie would say, this whole subject ot
the. printing is a source of annoyance to me; do as you
please."
Wendell then went on to read the card, stated
that it was " all true," and' that what he did was
of lus "own volition," and that he " took the re-
sponsibility." lie also declared that the card was
wutten at the suggestion of the President, and that
he was so informed by Mr. Baker, collector of
customs at Philadelphia, who brought it to him,
already written for his signature. Mr. Baker
(pages 85 and 8(i) most emphatically denies that
the card was prepared, either under the dictation
or at the suggestion oT the President, who knew
nothing of it until he saw it in the Union. Messrs.
John Appieton, A. 0. P. Nicholson, Mr. Baker,
and J. S. Black, all expressly swear that the Pres-
ident, although frequently applied to and even im-
portuned for his advice and direction in matters
connected with the public printing, uniformly de-
clined having anything to do with it, expressing
himself disgusted with the whole subject. Wen-
dell swears that it was m September that he sug-
gested the stopping of payments to the Pennsyl-
vanian; yet at page 85 will be found an account
rendered by himself to Collector Baker, under
- date of December 10, 1858, by which it appears
that he had paid to the Argus the portion of the
profits which he assumed, oil his own authority,
to allot to tile Argus, not commencing in .Septem-
ber, as he asserted, but from the day the order
for printing the blank* was given to Rice, namely,
the 31st December, 1857.
The committee do not pursue further, as they
might readily do, this confrontation of Wendell
with himself and with gentlemen of unimpeach-
able character for integrity and veracity. Enough
has already been cited to show conclusively that
Wendell's assertions, stimulated by disappointed
hopes and personal hostility, aie not entitled to
credit. Those who desire further information on
this head, will find abundant material in the recoid
to sustain the opinion of the committee.
The committee, in conclusion,state that,in pros-
ecuting this inquiry, it appears from the evidence
of John D. Defrees, and Mr. Kilgoue, a Repre-
sentative in Congress from the State of Indiana,
that Mr. Defrees, who was a candidate for the
oflice*bf Printer to the House of .Representatives,
made, through Mr. Kilgore, a proposition to a
caucus of Republican members of Congress, con-
vened for the pui pose of selecting a candidate for
Printer, that if the Republicans would elect him
(Defrees) Printer to the House of Representa-
tives, he was willing to give one halt" of the net
profits for the good of the cause, in the furnishing
and distribution of documents previous to the
next presidential election, subject to the control of
the executive committee of the Republican party.
Mr. Defrees states that, on the night this propo-
sition was made to the Republican caucus, lie was
srleeted as the candidate of that party for House
Printer; that he was for seveial days voted foi ill
the Hoi <se, and that he received the votes of all
the RepublicanMr. Aoams, of Massachusetts,
excepted. Mr. ICu.gork testifies that the propo-
sition of Mr. Defrees was presented by him (Kil-
goue) to the caucus, and that Defrees was selected
monv in chief, were somewhat confused, (bee
j evidence, pages 321, 322, 327, 32S, 372, 373, and
! ^tn the®judgment of the committee, it is fair,
therefore, to presume, that the Republicans of the
House, in selecting Mr. Defrees as their candi-
date for Printer, while his proposition was before
them, were willing, if not anxious, to avail them-
selves of the-use of one half of the net profits of
the printing as an electioneering fund.
One of the chief abuses charged to exist in the
system of public printing is, that large quantities
of useless work have been authorized; and this
would not probably have met with any very ma-
terial correction from the party receiving, and for
several days favoring, by their entire vote, (save
one,) a proposition of increase to their election-
eering fund, dependent in its amount upon the
quantity of printing ordered. The profits of the
Public Printer would appear to be exorbitant from
the fact that Mr. Defrees, a practical printer, was
willing to yield one half of the net gain to his
party to secure his election; that, some four or five
persons were to lutve contingent interests with
Mr. Ford, the present Printer, (see testimony of
Ford;) and that tho present Printer has contracted
with Larcombe & English, the assignees of C.
Wendell, to do the work for eighty per cent, of
the gross receipts, allowing to him (Ford) the re-
maining twenty per cent, for his portion. Ihe
parties who do the work are represented as prac-
tical men—experienced in all matters connected
with the public printing; and they, of course, be-
lieve that they will receive a remunerative profit
for the money and labor expended by them in its
execution.
I will state, Mr. President, that inasmuch as
tho views of the minority of the. committee will
not appear in the form of a written report, but in
a speech from the chairman and his colleague on
the committee, I have thought it but right that I
should thus, in the form of an introductory speech,
embody the views of a majority of the committee,
that they may go out together. The committee
have directed me to submit to the Senate the fol-
lowing resolutions, and to ask to bo discharged
fiom tho i'ui tlier consideration of the subject:
cuted the work; and moneys drawn from the pub-
lic Treasury under color of law, ostensibly to pay -
. for executive printing and binding, have been dis-
posed of for ptisonal and party purposes, by ar-
rangements made upon-consultations m wliic.i the
highest public functionaries in the Administra-
tion of the Government have participated.^ 1 hose
to whom, by law and by their hign official posi-
tions, the care of the public interests and the guar- ^
dianship of the public moneys have been con-
fided, have themselves been the parties through
whose counsels arrangements were made for the
application of the moneys to corrupt purposes..
The amount of money drawn out of the Treasury ,
has been determined by the manner in which the
01'deis for printing were made and sent to the
Printer, and not by the law or by the quality or
quantity of printing ordered and executed.
The printing and binding of the Executive De-
partments have been given out, with express stip-
ulations on the part of the Printer executing the
work and drawing themoney from the Treasury,
for the assumed purpose of paying for the work,
that lie should payand apply large sums of money
to the support of party newspapers that were sup-
porting the Administration, and published in this
city and the city of Philadelphia; and large sums
of money have been contributed and paid by the
Printer executing the public printing, to influence
the result of elections.
A great part of the testimony taken by the com-
mittee was obtained from unwilling witnesses;
much of it is irrelevant, some of it is obscure, and
some contradictory. But no man who will read
the testimony can fail, I think, to come to the same
conclusions 1 have. For the specifications and
evidence that sustain these conclusions, drawn
from the testimony taken by-the committee ap-
pointed by the Senate to investigate this subject,
reference is made to the testimony itself, in the
words of tho witnesses who testified to the facts.
All the evidence that was taken, filling a docu-
ment of three hundred and eighty-two pages, is .
reported by the committee to the Senate, and has
been printed.
The reso'lirtion adopted directing the investiga-
tion, was offered in consequence of disclosures
made in adubatein the Senate on the 17th of Jan-
uary, I860, the day George W. Bowman was
elected Printer for the present Senate. Mr. Bow-
man, whose arrangements and differences with
Cuinelius Wendell attracted attention to the ex-
penditures for public printing, and the disposition".
Ilrsoh'cJ That the laws i e^ul.-uini the [trices and mode of its profits for paity puiposes, was, ill M. i eli,
Of public punting, anil the aLm-es nee. v-aniy growing out 1S59, the Superintendent of Public Printing, and
of the oxpcudmuc theieot, lenuue lefoim. ftlr. Wendell was the owner and publisher ol the
Resolvci. That the Committee on Public Punting be in- Washington Union, the leading newspaper in the
sti noted tomniiiie into th,, expedient vol p.ovu ii.K hy lasv 0f Washington supporting the Admimstra-
loi executing the public printing, and binding, t>v contract ta£lty or YV asnill^ioii suppui &
to the lowest bidder, who shall give seeuuty lor executing tion. On the 26th day of Maich, 18oJ, Vv en
the woik, or in such otlici mode as they may deem mo t d(>u transferred, to Bowman, by bill of sale, the
expedient. WashingtonUnionnewspaper, with its good will,
With the assent of the chairman of the com- presses, printing, and other material belonging to
mittee, I would suggest that, as the session is now that establishment. Wendell was at that time
drawing very near"" to its close and there is no also the owner of another large printing estahlish-
difference of opinion on the part of the committee ment, constructed and fitted up to execute the
as regards the propriety of these resolutions, al- public priming, and in which it was then and had
though there were differences as to the way in ' for some yeais been executed, in which no news-
which they should be put, they may as well be paper was published. , o
acted upon, in order that the Committee on Print- For the last Congress, which ended _ March d,
m" may at once take cognizance of this subject, 1859, James B. Steadman was the official "'inter
ami make a report. electedby the House of Representatives,and Wil-
Mr. KING. I intend that the vote shall bo luim A. Harris the official Printer elected by the
taken on them as soon as I have concluded. Senate, and the punting for both Houses was
Mr. SLIDELL. The committee some time executed at the large printing office belonging to
since instructed the chaiiman unanimously to Wendell, who had also the executive printing and
make a motion that two thousand extra copies of binding. _
the testimony be printed. 1 do not know whether < When the testimony was completed, the com-
that motion included this report; perhaps it did. mittee conferred together, but were not able^ to_
I do not know whether the order could have been azree upon a report. Subsequent conference uis-
given in anticipation of the report; and, therefore, ] closed that Messrs. Slidell, Powei.l, and Ken-
I 1 move that two thousand extra copics of this rc- i j xj;dy took one view of the subject, and Mi. An-
I port and the resolutions be printed. ]' thosy and myself another; when Mr. Slidell
Mr. KIJNG-. Mr. President, differing with the ;j was directed to report the views of the majority
j majority of the committee, I will state my views t,f the committee, which he has done in the repoi t
to the Senate. I think the testimony taken by the -[just presented by him to the Scnate.^
! committee discloses abuses practiced in the ad- ▼ The resolution of the Senate ordering the com-
I ministration of the laws providing for the exeeu- || mittee directed them to inquire and report—
tion of pnntins and binding for Congress and
the Executive Departments which cannot be con-
demned in language stronger than the facts testi-
fied to before the committee will justify.
The piinting and binding for Congress have
been made the subject of bargain and sale by those
elected to the office of Printer to those who exe-
•' Whether «-U.OOO, or other sum or sums, xveve paid by
tlio Pulil.e Punter, or any party who executed the public
printing o: binding tor the last Congress or the Executive
flepaitments. lor the use or benefit of any person or paity
conducting a new.-papur, or to aid In the support ot any
new-paper establishment, and especially whether ai y sucn
payment was made to, or for the benetit of, t.iep  
party lntci ested in the publication of toe Washington Coil
