1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
You have got a superintendent, you have got
three Indian agents, and three sub-agents, all de-
riving their authority from the General Govern-
ment, and each Independent, in a certain degree,
of the other. If a sub-agent sees fit to disregard
the authority of the superintendent, the superin-
tendent has no power to remove him, and ts com-
pelled to^'eport here; and the result is that from
sixty to ninety days are consumed, and all this to
the disparagement and injury of the public service.
The appropriation bill which is now before this
body appropriates $50,000-for the removal of In-
dians alone, and in addition there is a provision
to pay your employes, three Indian agents, $3,000
each, and three sub-agents at $1,50(Teach, and a
superintendent at §4,000. In addition to that,
you have to furnish these Indians with subsist-
ence—you must give them blankets, &e.—so that
you swell up the bill to about one hundred or one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars necessarily.
Now, if Congress will give to the State of Cal-
ifornia, with such restrictions as it deems just and
proper, the right to carry out the purposes and
objects of this amendment, and an annual appro-
priation of $50,000, wc will agree to take the
charge and control of those Indians, and relieve
the Government of all connection therewith. The
Indians in California occupy a somewhat differ-
ent position from that which they occupy in any
other portion of the Confederacy. We have no
Indian treaties there. The Indians are not recog-
nized as having any title in the land. They
were predatory in their character, or connected
with the missions at the time oPthe acquisition of
the State. It is the duty the Government, how-
ever, to take care of them. They amount in num-
ber, it is supposed, to about sixty thousand; and
bo long as the Government continues the present
system, it will find that it will fail of its purpose,
and that these Indians will be a source of taxa-
tions, amounting to about a hundred or a hundred
and fifty thousand dollars per annum. These are
the mam features. I do not now feel like occu-
pying the attention of the Senate, but will have
more to say when I hear the objections: I sin-
cerely hope that the amendment will be adopted,
because I know it will be satisfactory to the peo-
ple of the State, and that in the end the Govern-
ment will find itself the gainer.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the gentleman propose
to dispense with these agencies, or are we to pay
agents ?
Mr. LATHAM. Dispense with them all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
State to the Senator from Virginia, that the com-
mon'consent extended only to the speech of the
Senator from California, and the Chair must now
call up the bill which is the special* order.
Mr. HUNTER. Now, I submit my motion.
Mr. WADE. Let us have it understood which
bill is under consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thehomestead bill.
The Chair calls up the homestead bill, the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, at this hour. The
Senator from Virginia moves to postpone it and
all other orders, with a view to continue the In-
dian appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. On that I demand the yeas and
"nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is well un-
derstood, without calling particular attention to
it, that this is to amount to a defeat of the home-
stead bill. It is precisely the way it was defeated
at the last Congress. We wcte never able to get
a direct vote upon it. The Senator from Virginia
repeatedly antagonized appropriation bills with
it, and I think we may as well now have the test.
If a majority of the Senate are opposed to the
homestead bill, of course they will postpone it; or
if they prefer not to meet the issue directly, they
will be able, if a majority combine together, to
defeat it by indirection; but if it has a majority of
the Senate in its favor, I hope they will stick to
it. We can never pass it—and all its friends ought
to understand that—if we suffer it to be pushed
aside by the appropriation and other bills. There
is time enough to pass the Indian appropriation
bill. The Senator from Ohio gave notice the other
day that he would antagonize this bill against
eyery measure until he could get a direct vote upon
it. Now, sir, I do trust that no Senator, who is
disposed to vote for the homestead bill, will allow
it to be pushed aside by any other measure.
Mr. HUNTER. The gentleman supposes I
am calling up an appropriation bill to defeat the
homestead bill. , He is mistaken. I am calling
it up to pass the bill. 1 am against the home-
stead bill, but still I am not seeking to defeat it
by indirection; nor am I aware that there are any
here who desire to do so. It is for the Senate to
say whether they will put aside all the appropri-
ation bills in order to consider this subject. I
feel it to be my duty to have the decision of the
Senate upon it.
Mr. GWIN. I believe that if this motion had
not been made, we should have got through the
Indian appropriation bill by this time. 1 do not
think there will be twenty minutes'discussion,
unless there is on the amendment offered by my
colleague. There is but one more amendment to
offer', and the bill will be disposed of.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask a question
of the chairman of the Finance Committee. If
the Finance Committee are prepared to accept
the amendment of the Senator from California, I
am willing to postpone the homestead bill for half
an hour and dispose of the Indian bill. I am
favorably impressed with the amendment, but if
the committee are opposed to it, and it is likely
to lead to debate, I think it had better lie over a
few days, and let us consider it; but if there is to
be any debate on that amendment, or on the In-
dian appropriation bill, I wish to take up the
homestead. If the Finance Committee will ac-
cept that proposition, and let the bill be put on its
passage, I think it is a very great improvement,-
and I am willing then to lay the homestead bill
aside for half an hour for that purpose.
Mr. GWIN. I do not see any opposition man-
ifested to the amendment offered by my colleague.
As-a member of that committee, I am opposed
to it.
Mr. PUGH. I understand the chairman is
opposed to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I must consider amendments
when they come up. I make no factious oppo-
sition to anything, but I musthave the privilege
of considering the propositions that are offered.
Senators will vote as they think right between
these bills. If they take up the Indian bill, I hope
they will give it all the time that is due to the sub-
ject. I do not suppose it will take long, but I am
not willing to commit myself. I do not know
what debate may spring up on the amendment,
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me, then, that is
one reason why this matter should be postponed,
in order to give the Senator from Virginia time
to examine the subject. Ho is one of the leading
men in the Senate and the country; audlam anx-
ious to know whether he does entertain the opin-
ion that this Government has the power, and if it
has the power, whether it is proper for the Gov-
ernment to farm out to the different States of the
Union the power and privilege of taking care of
the Indians within their respective jurisdictions.
That is an additional reason why the question
should be postponed, in order that the Senator
from Virginia may have an opportunity to ex-
amine the subject, and then enlighten the Senate
and the country with his opinion on the subject.
It is a very important subject.
Mr. WA.DE. Is it in order to debate the mer-
its of these two propositions on a motion to post-
pone ?
The VIGE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state, as that question has been raised several
times this session, that during the last Congress
it was distinctly determined by a vote of the body
that it was not in order to debate the merits of a
proposition upon a question in reference to the
priority of business; but that it was in order to
limit remarks to suggestions or reasons why one
piece of business should be taken up in prefer-
ence to another, the object of the Senate appa-
rently being to dispense with long speeches on the
merits when it was simply a question of what bill
should be taken up; and the Chair has attempted
to be governed by that decision of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I hope the friends of the home-
stead bill will stand by it until we can dispose of
it; and I do not think it will take a grea< while to
do it. For my part, I will not postpone it for
anything but a funeral until we have finished i.t.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The other day,
when the Indian appropriation bill was called up,
it was pressed upon the consideiation of the Sen-
ate as being important that it should pass; and
that it was in a condition to be passed at once.
The issue was made then; and all prior orders
were postponed. But after the bill was taken up,
and considered a considerable length of time, the
chairman, and others interested in that bill, dis-
covered that they were not prepared to go on with
it; and themselves asked a postponement of it
until to-day. We see that there are indications
now that they are not prepared to go on. Amend-
ments are offered; and some are to be offered that
are not yet matured. It seems to me they have
furnished the Senate with a good reason why that
bill should go over; and we should consider the
matter that has been before the Senate and before
the country year after year—the homestead bill
—until it be disposed of. ■ .
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Ionlyriseforthe purpose
of correcting the statement of facts made by the
Senator from Tennessee, which I am confident he
misapprehends. It was on my motion, that the
Indian appropriation bill \^as postponed before.
It is true that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance was not prepared at that time to pre-
sent all his amendments, but he is now prepared
to discharge that duty. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have but'two amendments to offer,
which I am satisfied would have been disposed of
by this time if the bill had been suffered to be fur-
ther discussed. So far as I know, there is no dis-
position among Senators on this side to antagonize
this bill with the favoritg project of the friends of
the homestead bill, and I regret that that kind of
test of fidelity as between opposing measures is
presented to the Senate now, when I think it is
entirely uncalled for,and unwarranted, even by
any imaginary necessity. I would ask my friend
from Ohio to withdraw his proposition to make a
test vote on the mere question of postponing for
a short time, and without displacing the priority in
the order of business of the homestead bill, allow
it to be passed by, by general consent, for half an
hour or an hour. I think in that time we shall
have accomplished at least the transaction of one
piece of business before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I think we had better take a test vote. Let us
know whether we are to go on with the appropri-
ation bill, or go on with the homestead bill. It
will be a great accommodation to me to know. I
do not want to press these measures against
the sense of the Senate, after I know what it is.
["Vote."]
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no objection to
withdraw my proposition; but I thought it would
accommodate all sides. However, if it is thought
desirable to make that test, I do not desire to m-
•terpose as a peace-maker between the parties. I
withdraw the suggestion I made.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 desire to say that, on the
subject of the homestead bill, I have paired off
with the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright.]
1 discover that this motion concerns the success
of the measure." I therefore shall not vote; nor
shall I vote, for that reason, on any subsequent
motion in relation to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to
know what the test is—between what measures,
and oil what ground.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded to postpone the homestead bill and con-
tinue the consideration of the Indian appropria-
tion bill. That is the question now pending.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Do gentlemen
mean that the test is whether we are in favor of
passing the homestead bill or not, or is -it meant
as between that and the appropriation bill, which
shall have precedence in our consideration > It
has always been usual to grant precedence to ap-
propriation bills. There is, however, undoubt-
edly an unusual anxiety here in regard to the
homestead bill. The homestead bill has not been
fought by delays* here, that I know of. I know
it could have been kept in the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands a much longer time than it was. It
was not kept there at all. It was permitted to
come forward promptly. It has not met with
that kind of opposition here which insinuation
seems to throw on this side of the House; and I
trust that those on this side of the House and on
any other side of the House, who are opposed to
the measure, will receive it with that kind of
spirit which I think it is certainly entitled to from
us: it is not entitled to respect. It has not been
met. I am against the homestead, I will say
