530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
question was something of this sort: propositions
were often introduced into the British Parliament
of a delicate nature, and relating to affairs which
were not thought proper to he brought before the
public; such, for instance, as are now discussed
by the Senate in secret session. It being supposed
thai" the discussion ought not to go before the
world, the previous question was called, which
cutoff debate on the main question; but liot all
debate. It cut off debate on the main question,
but debate was allowed on the previous question
itself. That I am sustained in this, will be ap-
parent from the Manual, which I read:
" The pioper oecasiou for the previous question is when
a subject is brought forwaul of a delicate nature as to high
personages, See., or tho di^cu^sion of which may call forth
observations which might bo of injurious consequences.
Then the previous question is proposed; and in tho modern
lisagtc, the discussion of the main qucstton i-s suspended,
aud the debate confined to the previoiin question. The use
of it has been extended abusively to other cases; but in
the^e it lias been an embarrassing pioecdure; its uses would
be as well answered by other moio tsimplo parliamentary
forms, and therefore it should not be favored, but restricted
withm as narrow limits as possible."
If the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio
was before the House, aud the previous question
legitimately eallcd on it, debate, according to the
Manual, could proceed ad infinitum on the ques-
tion—isitpropernow to takethevote on that prop-
osition for the plurality rule ? We might discuss
the merits of the controversy for Speaker, or any-
thing else, in showing that the main question
ought not to be put.
1 call the attention of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Curtis] to that paragraph of the Manual.
If the proposition of the gentleman fioni Ohio
\^ere before the House, debate would be in order,
notwithstanding a call for the previous question
on the question whether the vote should or should
not be at once taken on it. Hut 1 will proceed to
show that gentlemen are not oven in ho good a
condition as that. The proposition of tho gentle-
man from Ohio is not before the [louse; and why ?
I might show, in a variety of ways hinted at, by
gentlemen on this side, how it could not be before
the House. The gentleman from Maine says that,
under the law of 179], there is a standing order
forbidding us to do anything else than to proceed
to the election of a Speaker. We have decided
again and again, under that law, that declaratory
resolutions in reference to the Speaker, were not
business in that sense. When the proposition of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Oi.aiik] wax
brought forward; when vanousothcrpropositions
were brought forward; then was the time, if gen-
tlemen thought they were not in order, to raise the
question, and to insist upon it. They were ad-
mitted, however, because they related to the ques-
tion before the House of the election of a Speaker.
Mr. GROW. There was a question uf order
raised on those resolutions.
Mr. BOCOCK. Some time after they were
preserved.
Mr. GROW. No, sir; at the same time. The
Journal shows that the point was made instantly
they were introduced. Here it is, page 3 of the
Globe for this session. Mr. Clark, presented his
resolution, and Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,
raised the question of order, that nothing was in
order but the election of a Speaker. Tho gentle-
man Aom Pennsylvania withdrew his point tem-
porarily, to let in the substitute, of the gentleman
from North) Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.] Then a
motion was made to lay the whole subject on tho
table, which was defeated by a tie vote. Then
Mr. Ste> ens aii'ain insisted on his point of order.
Mr. BOCOCXC. I think the gentleman ex-
plains away his own proposition. He says the
point of order was withdrawn lor the purpose of
allowing the gentleman from North Carolina to
submit a substitute; that then a proposition was
made to lay the whole subject upon the table; and
that, after that, the point of order was renewed.
Now, 1 submit to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, if you allow subsequent proceedings, if
you allowa motion to be made to lay on the table;
If you allow a motion to postpone indefinitely; if
you allow proceedings to be had upon a bill, you
cannot then rise to a question of order upon the
introduction of the bill into the House. Suppose
we were organized; that a hill was introduced to-
day; that we were engaged in its consideration;
that we had arrived at its first and second read-
ing; will the gentleman say that in the midst of
the discussion and progress of tho bill he could
rise before the House and say that he objected
because the bill was not in oracrr No, sir; the
gentleman from PciTgisylvania knows better; lie
knows that the time to raise the point of order
is before proceedings have been had; that after
you have permitted proceedings to be had it is
too late to raise the question of order. Then I set
all these propositions before the House. Indeed,
this question of order itself was already before
the House. As some of my friends upon this
side have said, there was first before the House a
question which all know to be of the highest dig-
nity—the question of correcting the Journal. You
make up the proceedings of the House each day;
they are read each morning at the desk; and the
time for correcting them is when they are read;
and if any gentleman finds that any part of tho
proceedings is misrepresented, he has a right to
move to correct the Journal; and that is a question
of the very highest privilege, and cannot be super-
seded by any other. All these things were before
the House.
Again, the gentleman from Maine over the way,
[Mr. Washburn,]stated yesterday that he claimed
this to be the order of the day; and that it comes
up, as a matter of course, without a resolution.
I attempted then briefly to show the gentleman
from Maine that his argument cut itself up by the
roots; and why? A proposition to proceed to the
election of a Speaker, which is in order, accord-
ing to the argument of the gentleman from Maine,
requires no resolution. This question does not
require a resolution, and, therefore, I say that the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio is not in
order, as it interferes with the order of the day.
Let me elaborate this a little. I could expand this
constitutional argument which has been brought
forward by the gentleman from South Carolina;
but I do not think proper at this time to do so.
We are acting under the law of 1791, which re-
quires that, before we proceed to any other busi-
ness, we shall elect a Speaker. The Constitution
requires that the oath of office shall be adminis-
tered to members of the House by the Speaker;
aud that law requires, that before we proceed to
other business, the Speaker shall administer that
oath. Then we are m no situation to proceed to
any other business until we elect a .Speaker; be-
cause he is the person to administer the oath. We
have to proceed to theelection of n Speaker. How?
Under tiie parliamentary law. What is the par-
liamentary law? It is a majority law. The law
of all deliberative assemblies is, that a majority
shall control. Finding ourselves then obliged,
under the law of 1791, to proceed to the election
of a Speaker under the parliamentary law, you
cannot adopt the plurality uile. Why have we
not adopted the general rules of the House of
Represeutath es to govern our proceedings 5 Why
have we not adopted the hour rule? why not va-
rious other rules5 We have admitted that we von
adopt no rules; that we are obliged to act under
general parliamentary law. If we can adopl no
rules, how can we adopt, the plurality rule 5
It has been admitted by all preceding Con-
gresses,nnderthe Government, thatunderthe law
of J 79 J, this House, until it had clectcd a Speaker,
could not adopt any rules, but was obliged to act
under general parliamentary law. Is not this
plurality rule as much a rule as any other5 if
we can adopt this, cannot we adopt a whole code
of rules 5 Genllemen say this proposition relates
to the election of a Speaker. Still, if it does, it is
a rule, a new rule, and has to be adopted by this
body as much as any other rule.
Now, I have shown that under the law and
under the Constitution we are bound to elect a
Speaker, and to do everything else under the gen-
eral parliamentary law, and the general parha-
mentaiy law is tluit a majority of a deliberative
assembly controls. Eat the plurality rule is a
change of the general parliamentary law upon the
subject.
Mr. GOOCH, I would ask the gentleman, if
we can adopt no rule, how we can adopt a rule
relating to the qualifications of a mail who is to
be elected Speaker ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I would say in relation to that,
that one is a rule, and the other is not. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts does not display his
usual acumen. The one is a rule to be influential
in governing us; tho other acts as a mere recom-
mendation. You may pass a resolution, saying
that a man of certain opinions is not fit to be
Speaker of this House, and yet you may, the veiy
next moment, turn round and elect that man. You
claim, if you pass the plurality rule, that it will
be a law for your government; the other is a mere
declaration of opinion.
Mr. GOOCH. Then, if I understand the gentle-
man, the one is a resolution which means nothing,
which has no force and effect after it is passed;
which amounts to nothing; while the other is a
rule to govern us.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is a declaration of opinion.
Mr. GOOCH. I understand that precise dis-
tinction.
Mr. BOCOCK. If that is your opinion, you
ought to vote for it.
Mr. GOOCH. I am ready to give my vote
upon all resolutions, or to give my reasons for
not voting.
Mr. BOCOCK. I was proceeding to show that
all these questions being before the House, when
the gentleman from Ohio rose, yesterday, and
moved to adopt a new law to govern the election
of Speaker, we properly raised the question of
order; and I say that that question of order pre-
vented the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio
coming before the House, and he could not call
the previous question. Will it be told me, by any
fair-minded gentleman upon this floor, whose
mind looks for truth and not victory, that a man
can rise and introduce any proposition out of order,
and, by calling the previous question, prevent
gentlemen from raising the point of order whether
it is in order? Suppose some gentleman here,in
the madness of the moment, should rise and offer
a resolution declaring that this Union should be
dissolved—a resolution having no reference to the
election of a Speaker—and suppose he. should fol-
low it by calling the previous question: will the
gentleman from Iowa say that, because he moved
the previous question upon it,it is not admissible
for me to ri.se in my place and say it is out of
order, and ought not to be entertained? Will
gentlemen protend to say, when the question be-
fore the House is, whether or not it is in order,
that I am not to discuss it, and must bo brought
to an immediate vote upon the proposition ?
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman knows very
well that, by the rules of Parliament, the previous
question was made for the purpose of cutting off
all debate. The rule may be abused; and it would
be a most terrible abuse in the instance the gen-
tleman supposes; yet that might be the best way
of getting rid of an irrelevant or impertinent ques-
tion. We are, I suppose, all of us, Repiesenta-
tivesin Congress, assembling here m our element-
ary capacity; and in my judgment, every day we
meet here is a new meeting, unembarrassed and
very little entangled by our previous elementary
ac ts.
Whenever we come together in this Hall as
members elect, the only business before us is the
election of a Speaker; and I have, therefore, a
right to disregard whatever has been done before,
and to raise this question at all times and every
moment, if we were to abuse this previous ques-
tion, we would act improperly, according to parlia-
mentary law; but yet, wo would have a right to
abuse it. I would not ask any one to do that; and
I say I only bring it up now because it is time to
do so. I claim that the question is before the
House on the demand for the previous question.
It is brought here for the very purpose of cutting
oiVdebate: and the gentleman has himself read
from the Manual to show that purpose.
Let me ask him now one question. He says
he may bring up all matters m question, and de-
bate them on this demand for tho previous ques-
tion. Would not that be cutting off the very ooject
of tho rule ? He read from the Manual that its
object originally was to cutoff debate "when a \
subject is brought forward of a delicate nature as
to his;h personages," &c. Now, supposing that
we had brought up here something very delicate,
and had called the previous question for the pur-
pose of preventing discussion: could we not use
this demand for the previous question to prevent
exposure of that delicate subject and to cut off all
debate upon it ?
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman is through, I
think I will meet his difficulty in regard to that
matter. The gentleman's proposition is, that the
demand for the previous question cuts off debate
upon it. I admit that if we were acting under the
rules of the House, the demand for the previous
