108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Invasion of States—Mr. Hunter.
Senate.
then own poverty, compared with the opulent, and then-
own foice; and they are determined to make use of the
latter, in order to remedy the former. Their creed is, that
the property.of the United States has been piotected from
confiscation by the joint exertions of all, and, therefore,
ought to be common to all. And he that attempts opposi-
tion to this creed is an enemy to equity and justice, and
ought to be swept from the face of the earth."5—Marshall's
Washington, volume 2, page 118.
Colonel Lee, a member of Congress, drew the
following picture of the condition of the eastern
country at that time:
• "General Knox has just returned, and his repoit,
grounded on his own knowledge, is  replete with melancholy
information. A majority of the people of Massachusetts
are in opposition to the Government. Some of the leaders
avow the subversion of it to be their objcct, together with
the abolition of debts, the division' of property, and a ic-
union with Great Britain. In all the eastern State*, the
same tompei prevails more or less, and will certainly bieak
forth when the opportune moment may ariive. The mal-
contents are in close connection with Vermont, and tiiat
district, it is believed, is in negotiation with the Govern-
ment ot" Canada. In one word, my dear General, we ate
all in dire apprehension that a beginning of anarchy, with
all its calamities, is made, and we have nq means to stop
the dicadful work."—MaiskaWs Washington, volume 'J,
page 19.
I find that there are symptoms that the feeling
which prompted and instigated that rebellion,
which is shown to have been so formidable in its
day, and which required to he put down by arms,
is still alive. In the correspondence which was
found in the possession of John Brown in the late
Harper'a Ferry affair, there is a letter which could
not but strike mo. It is a letter written by the
brother of one of those men who perished 111 that
affair, with the evident intention of dissuading
him from engaging in it; and what docs he say?
" You surely do not go againState riyhu? and admit-
ting this, then the slave Suites have the same right to hold
slaves, constitutionally, that the Noith have to prohibit it.
Where does slavery commence? Not when man subjects
liis fellow to bondage. Oh, no, indeed; thU is nottho woi&t
form of slavery. The evil commenced when one man, by
employing a numbcrof lustVllow.-., and he himself lived on
the profit-! of their labor. Thus,totlmg year after veai.the
laborer become-* more ignorant ami poor, the employer nicne
wise and wealthy; and,l>y-and-bv, the poor man become-,
an easy victim to the cupidity of "the au tociat. "What he
lint received pay for, heat last is obliged to do foi nojh.ng
Now, let me lay down a rule th-it shall do «,«• aij u Uk slavery. !
Let each and evoty m:in pioduee with manual labni uimf ;
he consumes.
So that we see, Mr. President, that the same
leaven is still at work, and woik it must, because
it proceeds from the very constitution of human
nature. I mention it not by way of reproach.
Every wise and prudent man, every statesman
must know that the human breast is instinct with
ccrtain passions; and statesmen and wise men, in-
stead of ignoring them, must prepare to restrain
and to guttle them. Now, I say tnat with an ex-
periment, which is exposed to such dangers, it
seems tome there could not be a better tiling than
to f$ssoci;Ue it in the same £o\ernm<mt with an
influence like ours, with a scheme of society sim-
ilar to that which has been introduced into the
southern States.
Hut, sir, I am told thai all this is wrong; you
oppose its extension, because the system itself,
you say, is wrong; because, in your opinion, it is
doing mischief to the world. If t am right as to
the past, if the teachings of history, if the expe-
rience of man are to be trusted, we have no right
to denounce this system of society as wrong. I
have shown that it is the normal condition of hu-
man society; that a large majority of mankind
have practiced, and still practice, upon it; and if I
had time or taste for the task, I could go into a
still closer comparison, and show you that some
things that you denounce as evils of slavery are
to be found m what is called voluntary servitude \
for wages m the crowded States of the Old World j
There is not a mischief that you can name m this J
state of society, growing out of slavery, for which
I ^annotfind you a parallel in the other system in
the Old World; ayd if there are cases where men
in slavery have to submit their persons and their
wills to the arbitrary will of another—so under
the spur of necessity, the pressure of poverty, the
same cases may be found m what is called the
free-labor system of the Old World, where popu-
lation does press upon the means of subsistence.
I ask then, sir, why is it that the Territories of
the Umon arc to be occupied only for thefievcl-
opment of a scheme of society which, as yet, is a
mere experiment—an experimental is true, which
I hope will succeed; but when success is yet
doubtful—and that ours is to be stinted and dwarfed
and excluded, which isno experiment? We know
from actual trial that our system is capable of
great social, moral, and political development.
We know that it is consistent wkh stable govern-
ment and with free institutions, so far as whitg men
are concerned. With us, so far as the white class
is concerned, there never was any organization of
human society in which the equality between all
the 'members of that race was so complete and so
pcrfcct. There never was any scheme of society
in which it was so safe to try the experiment—1
speak now of the whites—of free labor united
with free government and universal suffrage.
Such a political organization does not shake or
disturb us. We go on with regular advance, un-
disturbed by any of those contests which shake
and convulse Governments which are founded
upon other social systems. I believe that the
system of free labor, as it is practiced in the non-
slaveholding States, the experiment which they
have commenced, will be much aptcr to succeed
if associated with us than if they weie to cast
loose and separate themselves. If 4 am right, the
laboring classes of the North have the deepest
possible interest in a political association with the
southern States. The association with such an
influence must be in every way beneficial to that
class m the free States.
1 know, Mr. President, that those who arc not
acquainted with our system, insist that it dwarfs
the non-slaveholder, the poorerclass of the whites.
On the contrary, it is as beneficial to him as it is
to the slave owner. If there be any profit in slave
labor, it is not derived by the slave owner only.
Almost every man in the community who is wor-th
anything, or whose own labor or services are
worth anything, hires for a limited period the
services of a slave; and if slave labor be profitable
to the owner, it is also profitable to the man who
hires it; and I know many practical men who say
they believe it more profitable to lure than to own
it. So it is with the land in the older free States;
it. is owned by but comparatively few people, but
there are a great many who use it as tenants, who
rent it, and the same thing is to be found in re-
gard to the slave labor of the South. There are
compaiaiivelv few who ow«p it, but there are a
great many who lure it; and it would be as much
against the truth of political economy to say that
the marf who hires it did not derive advantages
from it, as it would be to say that the man who
rented land did not make money out of hi* lease-
hold.
Nor is it true that the institution of slavery
makes manual labor, on the part of the whites,
despicable m the slaveholding States. There is
no country on earth in which honest labor, as I
believe, is more respected; and of this I ain cer-
tain: that every white laborer m the slaveholding
States is more nearly on an equality with every
other man m the community, than everv white '
laborer m the North is on terms of equality with
every other man m the North.
I say then, sir, that unless there be some mo-
tive of sectional hate; some bitter hostility against
us; some belief that, there is to be an irrepressible
conflict between the two systems of organization;
unless some such notion as this is harbored in the
northern mind, I cannot, for the life of me, see
how, on any calculation of interest, they should
object to the growth and the development of our
scheme and system of society. It is not, by na-
ture, an antagonist, to theirs: on the contrary, it
makes our interests subsidiary to theirs, instead
of being hostile and rival. It does not dimmish
your power at all* on the contrary, you have a
larger share of power when the increase is by !
slave States, lather than when the increase is by !
free States. j
Why then, sir. is this war kept upJ Why not, j
for the interest of both sections and of all classes, |
lay down your arms and put an end to this war- j
fare against us? Suppose it could be done: sup- j
pose the Government of this Union could really
be administered m the .spirit of justice and the
Constitution, who could assign the limits to our
future growth? That they exist somewhere, we
all must know. Wherever they arc, they would
be found far, far away beyond "the political hori-
zon which bounds our mortal vision. Sir, when
we come to sec what we might be, and how wc
mightbecome the master-influence of the universe,
if this Union were properly administered accord-
ing to the'principles of justice and the Constitu-
tion, the imagination halts at the mighty concep-
tion, and the mind, rapt in the contemplation of
the giant shadows of our future progress, as they
sweep across the perspective, sinks under the effort
to realize that glorious pageant of human grandeur
as it passes before the view.
Mr. President, are we to be disappointed of such
a destiny as this, in the mad pursuit of abstrac-
tions and univcrsals, conjured up by moon-struck
theorists and crazy fanatics ? Has political science
yet reached the dignity of a certain science? Can
the politician, like the mathematician, reason to
certain and to safe results from abstract formula*?
Sir, the statesman is he who derives his philoso-
phy from the experience of the woild. The the-
oretic politician is he who would force the world
to conform its experience to his philosophy. The
one founds stable government, builds up dynas-
ties and empires; the other destroys social insti-
tutions, makes revolution, and leaves anarchy and
confusion behind him. Will not the intelligence
of the North save our Government from falling
into such hands as these? Is it possible that such
a destiny as ours might be is to be consigned to
such keeping ?
Sir, I know that there is a noble army of north-
ern Democrats and conservatives who, true to the
Constitution and to tho-.-Union, are doing gallant
service in the cause of both. There is not a pa-
triot in the land who docs not respect and sympa-
thize with that gallant band as they fight bravely
on in the facc of proscription and defeat, and who
does not lift up his hands to pray for success for
such manly efforts; but alas! we all know that
victory is not always awarded to the side of virtue
and intelligence.
It may be,.after all, that this Republican party
docs indeed possess the power which it claims,
and m its hands may rest the fatal shears which
may clip the threads of our national destiny for-
ever. Sir, if power should fall into their hands,
let them consider whether they will keep up this
constant warfare upon the institution of slavery
wherever it exists; whether they will deny us our
constitutional rights upon the plea that it falls
under the ban of a higher law; whether they will
do nothing to prevent and repress armed incursions
of then people upon our people; whether thev
mean to use this Government for the pmpose of
assailing and dcstioying our peace, our property,
and perhaps our lives; and if they believe in their
hearts and consciences that the law of rie;ht and
of God constrains them to do it, then let them re-
member that no party can come into power avow-
edly on these principles, and certainly none can
administer the Government upon them,except at
the cost of the Union itself. Sir, once place before
the South the alternative of union at the piicc of
an irrepressible conflict, of eternal warfare upon its
social institutions, or separation, with the view of
seeking the means of defending their lives, their
property, and their honor, and, in my opinion,
they will not hesitate longm accepting the latter.
I say, then, sir, to this party, that if these altern-
atives arc to be forced on the South, when the
fatal deed is accomplished upon their heads and
upon their consciences will rest the responsibility
for the sm and its consequences.
Sir, in that event, the accusing voice of human
history will ring through all the ages to impeach
them at the bar of posterity, for having destroyed
the noblest scheme of constitutional liberty which
the wisdom of man has ever devised; and upon
that fearful issue* each of the succeeding genera-
tionsof men will record its verdict ofguilty against
them. Their owndescendants will heap reproaches
upon the names of those who disappoint them of
the destiny which would have been the richest
inheritance that one generation could bequeath
another. But when it is asked upon what view
of the Constitution; upon what consideration of
religion or philanthropy; upon what calculation of
interest, general or sectional, the fatafcdeed was
done, where will the satisfactory answer be found;
and who shall arise in that day to defend their
name from the foul reproach ?
Mr. President, when I think of what it is that
may be destroyed by this narrow spirit of sec-
tional hate and bigotry, I turn away from the con-
