I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—-Mr. Fitch.
Senate.*
tcmplation with a feeling of an almost indignant
despair; bull will not. as yet, despair of my coun-
try. I wjU yet hope that the £reat army of north-
ern Democrats and conservatives will arise in the
might of a noble cause, and expel the intruders
from the seat of power. I will trust in the influ-
ence of truth,.whose empire is felt in every human
heart when oncc it has touched it. I will put my
faith higher yet—in Providence, for it cannot be
that God will permit such a scheme of govern-
ment as this, freighted, as it might have been, with
the highest hopes of humanity, to be wrecked in
the wild orgies of madmen and fanatics. But,
sir, if I should fail in those hopes, I may then,
indeed, despair of the Union; but 1 will not de-
spair of the ability of my constituents and of my
fellow-citizens of the slavehoiding States to throw
off a yoke which will be doubly accursed and
galling for having been laid by hands that ought
to have been friendly; nor would I doubt their
ability to establish for themselves a confederacy
which may become and remnin great, glorious,
and free; and it will be to that Government that
I shall then look for the'protccting shadow under
which I may repose in peace and safety for the
remainder of the days that are alioUod to me upon
earth.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF EON. 0. N. FITCH.
OF INDIANA,
In tiie Senate, February 2, 3860.
The Senate having rc^u-nod the courjflei.ition of the
resolutions submitted i>y Mi. Brown ontiie J8th of Janu-
ary—
Mr. FITCH said:
Mr. President: Although 1 regret the sectional
discussion of which we have heard so much during
this session, and should have been unwilling to in-
troduce any matter which could have originated it;
yet, the matter and the discussion both being here,
a refusal to partako in the latter might render me
amenable to a charge of unwillingness to express
my views upon the subjects to which it relates,
and, especially, an unwillingness to answer cer-
tain interrogatories put in connection with those'
subjects, by the {Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii,]
to northern Democratic Senators.
I may be permitted now, although the resolu-
tion offered by that Senator is not technically be-
fore the Senate, to say neither it nor the amend-
ment proposed to it by Mr. Harlan can receive
my support
We have already departed widely from the toi-
ritunai policy of the men of the Revolution—the
founders of our Government—and lus resolution
contemplates a still wider departure. Yet, under
that policy, there was no complaint heard from
the Territoiies of a want of government; nor any
comolamt heard fiom them uf being too much
governed. Under that policy, the Territories laid
broad and deep the foundations of the populous
and powerful States which have since arisen from
them. In these days oil' modern progress, wo are
asked, under the lead of ceitain politicians, who
appear to be desirous of patenting, or at least of
establishing, certain government notions of then-
own, to almost forget the distinction between un-
bridled individual will, and those restraints and
limitations necessarily thrown about it, in oidei
to constitute a governm<nt combining liberty of
person with liberty and safety to the community.
Under their lead, if we follow it, wo an- a^ked
rather to aid in the formation of organized anar-
chies in the Territories than well-ordered gov-
ernments.
The Senator from Ohio osked northern Dem-
ocratic Senators whether they deemed the opin-
ions avowed by the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] upon the subject of the powers of a
tcnitorial government, reasons sufficient for ex-
cluding thai. Senator from the chairmanship of the
Committee on Territories? My answer, for one,
and for one only have I any warrant for answer-
ing. is in the affirmative, if any particular ques-
tion is likely to become the subject of action by
a legislative body, the well-established custom is,
in constituting the committee to which that ques-
tion is to be refqgfed for investigation and report,
to plac' at its head as chairman a member whose
views unon that question, ar I'MKt, are known to
coincide with those of the majority. This is a
custom having everything of legislative propriety
to recommend its continuance. Indeed, sir, it is
a custom founded almost in a legislative necessity;
for upon that one question the chairman becomes
the mouth-piece, the representative of the major-
ity, the exponent of their views; or, rather, I
should say, the majority, in making him chair-
man, indorse and adopt whatever views he may
be known to entertain on that question. If any
Senator, acting m all other matters, perhaps, with
the Democratic party, and sustaining in all other
respects its principles, was known to be in favor
of a high protective tariff, the majority here, in-
cluding the Senator from Ohio, would not consent
that such Senator should be placed in the position
of my friend from 'Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] as
chairman of the Committee on Finance. A decent
respect for their own opinions on the subject of the
tariff would prevent their consenting to his occu-
pying such position.
Well, sir, as in the supposed ca^e, so in the one
which has actually occurred. The opinions of the
Senator from Illinois, upon the subject of the pow-
ers of a territorial government, were well known;
his recent opinions, at least. They had been pro-
claimed from Kreeport to New Orleans. They
had been proclaimed from the stump and in mag-
azine and newspaper articles. They were opin-
ions from which the majoiity here widely dis-
sented; opinions which the majority here viewed
as havn.ig progressed from such as merely encour-
aged a Territorial Legislature to an evasion of its
duty, by non-action or indirect action of an un-
friendly character, to such as encouraged that
Legislature to a violation of the Constitution, by
direct and positive action adverse to a constitu-
tional right of the citizens of nearly one half the
States of the Confederacy.
Regard for our own opinions on that subject,
precluded the possibility of the majority" assent-
ing that a Senator enteitaming such sentiments
should be longer continued as chairman of the
committee having territorial matters in charge.
In coming to this conclusion, the majority did not,
as far as 1 heard, express any disrespect for the
former chairman of that committee. They did
not, so far as I know, entertain any such disre-
spect. They took their action m the matter, not
because they respected the Senator from-Illinois
the less, but because they respect their principles
the more.
The Senator from Ohio further a^ked northern
Democratic Senators whether they concurred or
non-concurred m certain sentiments expressed by
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Jverson.] That
Senator charged the northern Democracy with
not having come fully up to the measure o( then-
duty. He charged them with being unsound
upon the question of the constitutional rights of
the South in the Teiritones. If this charge had
been made against the dominant party of the
North, the Republican party, it would have fallen
far short of what the acts of that party would have
justified him m charging; fonts members, know-
ing their duty under the Constitution, have not
only refused to perform that duty, but have pur-
sued a couixe diametrically its opposite. Indeed,
it would almost appear that the Representatives
of that party, in swearing to maintain the Consti-
tution, must do so with a mental reservation to
maintain it according to their construction of it:
for, if their construction i;: to lie implied from
their acts, it is certainly thnt. and that only, which
b< .st subserves their schenn s. regarding little any
outrage they may inflict on its letter or its spirit.
Rut the Senatoi's charge cannot be maintained
against the northern Democracy. True, sir, there
are differences of opinion among us relative to
the source and character of any proper action, if
action of any kind is required, for the practical
acknowledgment and maintenance of the rights of
the citizens of one section of the Confederacy in
the Territories; but there is no difference among
us, as far as I understand, relative to the exist-
ence,m the citizens of that same section, of a right
m the Territories coequal with any right that we
of the opposite section possess. And herein con-
sists the distinction between the two parties at the
North—one affirming this coequality of rights,
the other denying it.
Mr. President, almost the entire political life of
northern Democrats is little else than a battle, not
in defense of their own rights or of the rights of
their section, but of the rights of the South, of
your rights, [to the Senator from Georgia, Mr.
Iverson;] and in that battle many, very many,
have.found their political death. They endeavor
to defend the Constitution against a fanaticism
which would violate it at your expense. They
are a shield to receive blows aimed at you. Many
of them have become victims of a crusade against
your institutions, and more must,unless, indeed,
they would find political safety and a retention of
political power in an imitation of the example of
some who now hold seats on the other side of this
Chamber. We have heard of sudden conversions
to Mohammedanism, under the presentation of the
alternative of the sword or the Koran. We have
seen men who professed to be democrats sud-
denly assuming the garb of political Republican-
ism under somewhat similar urgent circumstances.
They have seen before them, on one side, political
annihilation as Democrats maintaining the prin-
ciples of the Democratic party, because of the
sectional prejudices of their constituents; they
have seen before them, on the other side, a retention
of political power to be had by the abandonment
of that party, and by taking service in the ranks
of the Opposition. I'hey have preferred self-pres-
ervation, and the preservation of political power
by aposlacy, to martyrdom in defense of the prin-
ciples they had previously professed.
Lot me nsk my friend from Georgia [Mr. Iver-
son] to east his eye about him ! Does he notmiss
faces; familiar cither here or in the old Senate
Chamber but a short time since? Where are
Dickinson, Cass, Shields, Dodge, Jones, and
others, northern Democratswho but very recently
held seats here? They have been driven hence,
because they sought to maintain, inviolate, the
compact of our fathers. They endeavored to
defend the Constitution against the schemes and
prejudices of a portion of their own people. They
became victims to those schemes. They have
been offered up as sacrifices on the altar of those
prejudices. And you, who should have been
among the first to pronounce a eulogy upon them,
and to sustain those yet continuing the same strug-
gle, have scarce a word of regret for the departed,
or a word of sympathy with the living. We hear
from you only charges against both, that they are,
or have been, derelict of duty; unsound upon a
question of constitutional right. Upon what is
the charge based ? Is it upon the want of success
which attended their efforts* Can it be supposed
that when they failed m energetic attempts to de-
fend the plain letter of the Constitution or its
exposition by the proper judicial tribunal, they
would have better succeeded in attempts to defend
any abstraction which you may weave from what
you may deem its true meaning or spirit?
The great party to which the Senator from
Georgia and myself both belong is based on the
Constitution. It derives its principles from that
instrument. While an opposition limited itself
to the adoption of measures violative of that in-
strnmi nt, but measures which were detrimental
to the interests of citizens of both sections alike,
there was no difficulty m maintaining a triumph-
ant Democratic majority at the North. Hut
those who found the Constitution and its de-
fenders obstacles to the. accomplishment of then
schemes, have changed their tactics, and are now
seeking to arouse a sectional hostility with winch
to sweep from existence alike the Constitution
and its defenders, i am sorry to say their meas-
ure of success in the past may well encourage
them to continued efforts. It now inquires, as
they will bear witness, no little courage to be a
northern Democrat; for m defending the provis-
ions of the Constitution assailed by the Repub-
licans, he is defending not the nght.s of his own
section—Republicans do not assail them—but he
is defending rights and an institution of which his
people are not participants; rights and an insti-
tution against which unscrupulous partisan lead-
ers and a more unscrupulous partisan press and
a fanatical pulpit are seeking to arouse a destruc-
tive'hostility; while you, southern Senators, in
defending the same provisions ot the same Con-
stitution, are defending your own and the social
status of your people; you are defending your fire-
sides.
