1860.
THE CON"(xEESSIONAL GLOBE.
1561
very freely; but I have not interposed that kind
of opposition. I say that I am not yet prepared
to be brought to a vote upon the homestead bill.
I have good reasons for it, which I can state to
gentlemen at any time; but they simply affect
myself, and nobody else. When the session is to
last for" many months longer, because there are a
few here who are especially anxious in regard to
the homestead bill, are the appropriation bills
and every other species of business to be com-
pelled to give way to that anxiety which seems
to be morbid ?
It is said that we cannot go on with the Indian
appropriation bill; that the committee reporting
jt are not ready. Why,sir,the amendmentunder
consideration has already been printed; and that,
I believe, is the only amendment to be offered to
it, that it is thought will lead to debate. I do not
think either of the Senators from Ohio do other-
wise than seem to imply that they are very anx-
ious that we should go into the consideration of
the homestead bill; and to imply that perhaps it
is not proceeding as fast as it ought to do. It is
not just to this side. They are ready to go on
with an appropriation bill. Are the appropriation
bills to be again and again and constantly made
to yield to this favorite measure of theirs?
1 do not entertain any respect for this homestead
bill. 1 believe it to be a mere abolition measure,
to tell the truth. I believe it is merely to furnish
a bonus, as far as the support of the other side
goes, in the main—not every one of them—to in-
duce men to emigrate to the Territories on con-
dition that aid societies will pay their expenses to
get there. I say I have no respect at all for the
bill when I look at it in that light, and that is the
light in which I do look at it. I do not think that
the appropriation bills, the regular business of the
country—business that has to be transacted every
year, and has been every year, from the begin-
ning of the Government to the present time; and
which has always, heretofore, had the precedence
—ought now to be set aside in every instance for
any particular pet measure of any party or class
of persons. I hope the Senate will meet the test.
I hope they will require that the regular and le-
gitimate business for the support of this Govern-
ment shall first be done; ana I really think we"
ought to take that course in regard to the regular
business of the country whenever it does come
up.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish, before the vote is
taken, merely to say again that I have paired off
with the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] in
relation to questions connected with this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone, resulted—yeas 25, nays
29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Bragg, Brown, Chesnut, Clay,
Clinginan. Crittenden, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Gwm, Ham-
mond, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas. Kennedy,
Lane, Mason. Pearce, Polk, Powell, Saulsburyj Sebastian,
Slidcll, Wiglall, and Yulec—
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony. Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, Dixon, Ooolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, HaniUn, Italian, Johnson of
Tennessee,Kmir, Latham, Nicholson, I'iieli, Rice, Seward,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
son—29.
So the motion did- not prevail.
Mr. WILKINSON. Yesterday, expecting to
go away this morning; I paired off with the Sen-
ator from Texas, [Mr. Hemphill.] As he is not
now here, I shall not vote.
POLYGAMY IX THE TERRITORIES.
A message from th' House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forvey, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 7) yo punish
and prevent polygamy ill the Territories of the
United States, and other places, and disapproving
and annulling certain acts of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the bill was read
twice, by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
„ No. 280) to secure homesteads to actual settlers
on the public domain is now before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, and the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Before the Senator from
Tennessee goes on, I wish to test the question
again, as to which bill shall be considered. It
was taken when the' Senate was thin the other
day. I think the Senate had better hold on to its
own bill, which we were going on with and per-
fecting; and I move, therefore, to postpone this
House bill, and take up the Senate bill. I will not
say anything on it, but simply ask the yeas and
nays, and hope we shall have the vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I hope the motion will not pre-
vail. We settled the order of proceeding on this
subject the day before yesterday, after consider-
able debate. The question was, whether thffSen-
ate bill should be taken up first, or the House
bill; and it was determined very properly by the
Senate that they would take up the House bill,
and that the Senate bill could be offered as an
amendment to it, and it is pending in that shape.
Now the proposition is to reverse this order of
things, and go back to the confusion we were in
before. Here are two propositions—one of them
a House bill, on the subject of the homestead—
coming up here for consideration; and it does
seem to me that it is more respectful to the House
and more orderly in business tt> take their bill and
consider it, than to proceed with an independent
Senate bill, which, if it should pass here, would
require original action on the part of the House
again. It is unusual; it is out of the ordinary
course of business; and it was decided, on delib-
eration, that we^would proceed with the House
bill; and I hope'we shall do it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not think there is any
reason why the Senate should throw aside its own
measure and take up tBat of the House. It seems
to me there is no disrespect to the House in going
on with our own business. I make this motion,
thinking that we had better go on with the bill we
had under consideration. I am willing, however,
that there shall be a vote taken on it without fur-
ther debate.
Mr. PUGH. There can be no reason for this
course. The Senate bill is before us as an amend-
ment. I dislike to make the suggestion, but really
the circumstances admit of no other explanation
than that the object is to keep delaying this mat-
ter, and defeat the bill by the alternation of dil-
atory motions. We have the House bill before
us, and the Senate bill as an amendment to it.
We can perfect either. Let us dispose of the ques-
tion in some shape.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to the Senator from
North Carolina that this state of things will occur
instantly if liis motion passes. He proposes to
postpone the House bill and take up the Senate
bill. As the matter now stands, we have the
House bill before us, and the Senate bill pending
as an amendment to it. Now, suppose he carries
his motion, and you postpone the House bill and
take up the Senate bill: the Senator from Ohio
would instantly move the House bill as an amend-
ment to the Senate bill; so that you simply turn
the proposition over.
Mr. PUGH. The difference is, that if we pass
this measure it is a step towards legislation: but
if we pass the Senate bill, no matter with what
amendments, we have not progressed an inch.
; Mr. CLINGMAN. Finding that there isadif-
; ference of opinion, and gentleman think we had
| better go on with the House bill, by general con-
' sent, I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in thechair.) The Chair hears no objection,
and the motion will be considered as withdrawn.
The Senator from Tennessee is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not wish
to speak. I took the floor yesterday because it
was the usual time of adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch.] to add to section one
the following proviso:
Proviici. That the lands herebj granted shall he entered
or located in alternate quarter sections ; and that the quarter
sections, or parts of quarter sections, of land which shall
remain to the United States, and not subject to cntiy under
: tile prowsions of tins act, shall not be sold for less than
[ double the minimum price of the public lands when sold :
I Jlnd proudedfurther, That the provisions of this act shall
! he applicable only to lands subject to private entry at tiie
' date of its passage..
I Mr. FITCH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
! the amendment.
I Mr. WADE. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. I do not want to go into a genferal.
argument of the subject; bat it confines the bill,
I believe, to lands subject to private entry, and
also to alternate quarter sections, which, in ray
judgment, will very nearly destroy the bill: I
hope the friends of the bill will not consent to
adopt the amendment; and I trust we shall have
the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Indiana pro-
poses more than my colleague says. He proposes
to double the price of the other quarter sections.
That will interfere with the preemption and grad-
uation acts, and the whole of our present policy
in relation to the public lands. We considered
that in committee, and deemed it not advisable.
We also considered the question whether we
should reserve the alternate quarter sections or
the alternate sections, and we finally adopted the
alternate section system in preference to alternate
quarter sections. For these reasons, I shall be
constrained to vote against the amendment, al-
though the general principle upon which it stands,
as I stated yesterday, commands to some extent
my approbation; but on the amendment as it
stands at present I shall be compelled to rote in
the negative.
Mr. FITCH. I am not strenuous about the
application of the provisions of the bill to alter-
nate quarter sections or alternate sections, although
I think its application to alternate quarters is pref-
erable; but the other provisions of the amendment
ought to be adopted, in my estimation, without
any modification whatever. The Senator says
that raising the price of the alternate sections will
interfere with the preemption law. The preemp-
tion law is virtually destroyed by the bill itself.
Those now entitled to a preemption of course
will not be interfered with; and when the land is
to be given, it will not be claimed under the pre-
emption act, but under the donation act. There-
fore it cannot interfere with preemptors. Still
another provision of the amendment is, a limita-
tion of the provisions of the bill to land now in
market, for the purpose, as I remarked the other
day, of preventing a pressure being brought on
the Government, to purchase indiscriminately,
perhaps, all the Indian lands, because they will
be valuable in the estimation of those who wish
to donate them. Limit it to lands now in market,
and if it is found in one, two, or three years after-
wards, to have operated beneficially, we can-ex-
tend its provisions subsequently to other lands.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me the Senator from
Indiana has strangely overlooked a fact. The
preemption law requires the party to make an
actual settlement, to make a claim fortified by
affidavit and on settlement; and the claim and affi-
davit are precisely the same under the homestead
bill and under the preemption bill. Under the
homestead bill, after having made this affidavit
and this settlement, he continues ill possession
and in settlement five years, and obtains the patent.
Under the preemption bill he can obtain a patent
on payment of $1 25 an acre any time short of
the five years. So that this bill, as reported by
the Senate committee, does not injure or affect
the preemption law in any particular. It leaves
the settler an option, after he settles,either to avail
himself of the provisions of the homestead bill
or of the preemption law; but the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana destroys the preemp-
tion law utterly. It had better be repealed. These
were the reasons that governed the committee.
That is a point that my friend from Indiana over-
looks, that a settlement under the terms of this
bill is a settlement under the terms of the pre-
emption bill; the only difference being, that the
preemptor can buy at any time. If he does not
choose to buy, and remains in possession five
years, therf his title ripens under this bill.
Mr. FITCH. I understand precisely what the
Senator is objecting to; and his statement that
settlembnt under this bill is precisely the settle-
ment under the preemption bill is what I intended
to allude to before, if I did not do so with suffi-
cient distinctness for his comprehension. It is
precisely because the settlement under the two
bills is the same, that I say my amendment will
not interfere with the preemptor any more than"
the original bill. No man will preempt land and
pay for it when it is to be given to hinl, and
therefore my amendment does not interfere With
the preemptor any more than tbc, bill itself. If
