1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
question would cut off debate upon that, but not
upon collateral matters. But it is not so under
parliamentary law.
Mr. CURTIS. I want the gentleman to un-
derstand distinctly that I admit he has a right to
debate the previous question, but he must keep
strictly to that point. Ho cannot go into the
measure itself, or any other question but the pre-
vious question, and 1 would have a right to call him
to order if he went on to speak of extraneous
matters.
Mr. BOCOCK. A friend here has handed me
an authority which I will read to the gentleman
in connection with his remarks. By the rale es-
tablished April 7,1789, all members were allowed
to speak once on the previous question; and that
rule remained in force until December, 1805, when
debate was prohibited. You will observe that,
under the Manual, debate is allowed on the pre-
vious question; but subsequently, by a rule of the
House, debate was cutoif; and yet, on Decem-
ber 15, 1807, the House, on an appeal from the
Speaker's decision, reversed it, and decided that
the main question was open to debate, and that
decision was reaffirmed by the House m Decem-
ber, 1808.
Mr. CURTIS. That is entirely inapplicable,
because it relates to the first rule as it existed
under the Manual adopted by Congress, not the
parliamentary law proper, which is the only law
we acknowledge and now refer to.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman says that, under
the Manual, the previous question is debatable.
I was arguing the question that the previous
question being called on this proposition cannot
cut off debate on the question while the matter is
before the House. I have given you instances
where entirely illegitimate and improper resolu-
tions might be brought foiwaid, and where the
previous question might be called upon them;
and, according to the view of the gentleman from
Iowa, debate would be cut off, not only on the
proposition itself, but upon all collateral matters,
and upon the question whether the proposition
was properly before the House or not. That 1
understand to be the position of the gentleman.
Wow, the very point that I make is, that the res-
olution of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hutch-
* s] is not legitimately before the House. Let
ihc gentleman look for a moment at what the
previous question is. The previous question is,
"Shall the main question on the proposition be-
fore the House be now put'" ISfow,if this prop-
osition is not before the House, then there can be
no previous question called upon it. I ask again,
what is the previous question ? The previous
question is, " Shall the main question on the prop-
osition before the House be now put'" If a prop-
osition is not before the House, then the previous
question cannot be called upon it; and the ques-
tion arises, which is the question before the
House >
Now, we cannot say how the House will vote.
Suppose that, on a vote being taken, this point of
order shall be sustained, and it shall be decided
that the resolution of- the gentleman from Ohio
was never before the House: where then goes the
previous question! Can you have the previous
question—that is, a call for the main question—on
a proposition which may be decided not to be be-
fore the House, and thathas not been determined
yet to be before the House ? I say no; and I say
further, that if it wore before the House, and if
the previous question were called, it would only
cutoff debate oil the main proposition itself, and
not upon all the collateral questions arising out of
it. The argument which the gentleman from Iowa
employed by way of illustration from the Manual
does not meet the case. When these propositions
of a delicate nature were brought before Parlia-
ment, it was desired to exclude debate on the
propositions themselves, but not on the collateral
questions, not on the questions arising out of
them.
Here, then, is the state of the case briefly. Hero
are various propositions pending before the House.
Here is the resolution of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Clark-.] a point of order was raised,
and the previous question is pending upon.it.
Then there is the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer;] then
there is the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] to amend the Jour-
nal. There are various other propositions pend-
ing; and, under the law of 1791, it is to be pre-
sumed that all these are questions of privilege,
because they all relate to the question of the Speak-
ership; and nothing that does not relate to that
question is properly before the Honse. No point
of order has been raised and sustained upon them;
they have, therefore, been admitted to be in order;
and it is too late now to say that they do not re-
late to the subject-matter. The proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hctchins] is not,
then, entitled to precedence, or to higher consid-
eration over them. If it were, then 1 say that a
proposition to proceed now to elect a Speaker
would be entitled to precedence over his, because
it would be simply a motion to proceed to that
business, without appending to it any proposition
to amend the rules. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is not regularly in order, be-
cause it undertakes to establish a rule for this
House, while it has been admitted again and again
that, under the law of 1791, we cannot establish
rules until the House has organized.
Again, I say that the previous question being-
called does not make any difference, because, when
the question of order was raised on the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, the call for the
previous question was m abeyance until it was
decided whether the proposition was legitimately
before the House or not. Even if it were not so,
the previous question has not been seconded; and
it has been shown by various gentlemen who have
spoken on this floor that debate is not cut off till
the previous question is seconded. Then, again
I say, that even if the previous question were sec-
onded, debate upon the previous question, accord-
ing to the Manual, would be in order, and debate
upon all collateral points.
Now, I say to the gentleman from Iowa, that if
it appear hard that there should lie no way to force
the minority up to the point, he must submit to
the exigency of the occasion. We apply to our
shield for protection. Law and rules are made
for the protection of minorities; and the gentleman
must not undertake to convert us by the strong
arm of power. I say to the gentleman from Iowa,
and to the other gentlemen associated with him,
that the idea has gone abroad that the Republican
party, of which they are members, are not quite
as regardful of the Constitution, ot legal restric-
tions, and of that comity which ought to exist
among brethren, as they ought to be. Indeed,
there arc various persons who say that, m your
attempts to obtain universal dominion over the
country, you are willing to trample on all law, on
all constitutions, and on all comity. Trample on
the rules of the House in your present condition,
and tiie name of the Republican party will become
as well known hereafter for lawlessness as it is
now known for scctionality.
Mr. NOELL resumed the floor.
Mr. COLFAX and Mr. CURTIS sought the
floor.
Mr. COLFAX. I think, after allowing the
elaborate argument of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, it is but fair for the gentleman from Mis-
souri to allow a brief response from this side.
Mr. NOELL. I will make this remark before
yielding to any one: I do not desire to yield the
floor until a later hour, if I am to go on with my
remarks this evening. If it be the understanding
that after this colloquy is ended the House will
adjourn, and I shall be entitled to the floor ill the
morning, I will yield.
[Cries of "Agreed !"]
M r. GROW. I will say to the gentleman that
I have no objection to making this agreement;
that he shall occupy the same position in the
morning that he -occupies now, in reference to
general discussion upon this question, without
conceding that he now has that right.
Mr. NOELL. That is understood, of course.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman will yield, j
then I desire the floor for a few moments.
Mr. CURTIS. Before the gentleman from 111- ,
diana proceeds with bis remarks, having raised
this question mvself, I desire to say a word. The
gentleman says that the Republican party, to
which I am attached, has been charged with dis-
regarding the Constitution and laws of the land.
Sir, I am very sorry that the attempt should he
made m this country to place the Republican party
in that false position; and it is more the fault of
the Democratic party in this House than of the
Republicans, that we ore entirely misrepresented
and misunderstood. We have been desirous from
the first to organize the House, and then to ex-
plain our motives and our principles; and the
gentleman knows very well, that when I raised
this pointl stated that I was following law, reason,
and justice. Why, sir, wc are not desirous of
carrying any point by force. Wc only ask that
a fair construction of the Constitution and law
shall be carried out here and everywhere.
Mr. BOCOCK. I did not say that the gentle-
man sought to violate law. I only threw out
some admonitions to the gentleman that he and
his friends might bo regardfttl of their grounds
of action.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 hope the gentleman did not
intend to make an offensive remark.
Mr. BOCOCK. What was there in what I
said that was offensive?
Mr. CURTIS. Nothing, unless the use of that
word " admonition" was intended as such.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, sir, advice is very cheap,
and a little advice may be given without harm to
any man.
Mr. CURTIS. Of course there is nothing of-
fensive in that meaning of the word. What I
was going to say was, that tho gentleman seems
to entirely have lost sight of the question I brought
before the House. All I ask is, that the previous
question shall be argued, for that is the only ques-
tion before us. As long as this discussion applies
to that, I conceive that it is pertinent; but these
other questions as to what will be the consequence
of the previous question, may come up after-
wards. If there is no question before the House
to which the previous question can apply, then
the previous question being carried, there would
be no question put. But 1 claim that there is a
question before the House, and that we can con-
stantly put it. That question is the election of a
Speaker; and if we can carry the previous ques-
tion, that will be the main question, and we will
thus terminate debate and secure an organization.
I Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 desire to ask the gen-
i tleman from Iowa what he proposes to do with
the resolutions which were offered before the gen-
tleman from Ohio made his proposition, and which
take precedence of that motion?
Mr. CURTIS. 1 claim that this question of
electing a Speaker is m order whenever it is
brought up; that it overrides and nnderridos and
takes precedence of all other questions.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The resolution of the
gentleman from Missouri refers directly to the
election of a Speaker, and hence it is in order.
Mr. CURTIS. I am not going to dispute about
that. I have my own views about this matter;
but, with due respect to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, 1 decline going into that matter, after in-
truding so long oil the indulgence of the House.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want to make a
statement, and I want the attention of the.whole
House to that statement. I want to stato td the
gentleman from Iowa, and to gentlemen on all
sides of the House, that these questions of order
and all these difficulties which surround the House,
and all in the way of its organization, have been
produced by the Republican side of the House.
I offered a plain, clear resolution, but it has been
encumbered, it has been beset with obstacles from
that time to this, and exclusively by the Repub-
lican side of the House. No man on the Demo-
cratic side of the House has attempted to embar-
rass that resolution; but I repeat, that all the
embarrassments, all the questions of order, and
all the obstacles which have been thrown ill its
way, have been produced by the Republican side of
the House: and I want the country to understand
the fact. I want the country to know that wt 
cannot get a vote upon that resolution, because of
the difficulties continually thrown m its way by
the Republican party in this House; and it is not
in their power now, by any strategy, or by any
appeal to us that the country is suffering for want
of ail organization, which has been produced by
their own action, to elect their candidate and place
him in that chair.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Clerk, I make no ad cap-
tandum arguments or motions in this House. I
proposed the other day that we should go to the
Clerk's table and dispose of every question which
has accumulated there, by voting to lay each sub-
[eet on the table. It is not my fault that motions
"have accumulated. I will say to the gentleman
from Missouri that the first motion maije upop
