1860.
THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
2495
stitution, (lately called the Union,) the Pennsylvanian, or
the Philadelphia Argus."
Ill reply to this inquiry, the testimony shows
that the Washington Union, now the Constitu-
tion, has been supported and sustained by the
profits taken from the public printing for Con-
gress and the Executive Departments during the
whole period of time through which this investi-
gation 1ms extended; sometimes by giving the
printing to the-publishers of the paper, and when
the public printing was executed by other parties
than the publishers of that paper, by arrange-
ments requiring the actual Printer, as a condition
going with the printing jobs, to pay large sums
for the support%of the paper. And Mr. Harris,
one of its editors, testifies that he had to advocate
measures that he did not heartily approve. Mr.
Wendell, in the arrangements that were made for
the execution of the public printing, testifies that
he purchased the newspaper "establishment at a
cost of about thirty thousand dollais, and that
when he transferred it in March, 1859, to Mr.
Bowman, its present publisher, it was transferred
(by bill of sale) without any consideration paid
or to be paid, other than the expectation and un-
derstanding that Bowman would be elected Printer
for the prcsentGongress,orif not forboth Houses,
certainly for the Senate; and on the part of Wen-
dell, that he would have the execution of the
printing of th'e Executive Departments and of the
Senate. As to the value of the newspaper estab-
lishment, Mr. Wendell 3stifies that it was a los-
ing concern, sinking from ten to eighteen thou-
sand dollars a year, and lie was determined to get
rid of it; and while Mr. Bowman testifies that
its presses, types, and material might be worth
several thousand dollars, he would not take it as
a gift, and have to carry it on. Besides the bill
of sale from Wendell, transferring the Union and
its printing material to Bowman, the following
contract, bearing even date with the bill of sale,
was executed between Wendell and Bowman:
Washington, March 26, 1859.
Gentlemen: You were consulted by us concerning the
transfer which has this day been made between us of the
Union newspaper. You know the views and expecta-
tions which influenced us on both sides. While we do not
contemplate the slightest difficulty, yet it is possible that
some collision of interest, or some difficulty of opinion
concerning our rights or duties, may hereafter arise, in
that event, we have agieed to leave all questions between
us to your arbitrament, and your decision shall be binding
and conclusive upon in both. If you snail differ, you may
choose some third person as an umpiie. It is, as you know,
understood between us, that the puichaser of the Union
shall not be a competitor with the seller for any pomon of
the executive work now done by Mi. Wendell at ins huge
ofhee, but that Mr. Bowman shall receive at the iate of
twenty thousand dollais per annum -so long a^ Wendell con-
tinues to do the woik a-> he does it now, hut no longer. If
the Work aforesaid be withdiawn from Wendell, his obli-
gation 10 pay this $20,000 shall cease. If any considerable
portion is withdiawn, it \v«ll be tor you to decide whether
Wendell's payment shall ccase, or m what pioportion it
shall continue.
We are, very rcspcctfully, your obedient servants,
c. wendi:ll,
GEORGE W. ROWMAN.
Messrs. A. O. P. Nicholson and J. Black.
Mr. Wendell, in his testimony, thinks Mr.
Black, the Attorney General, drew all the papers
between him and Bowman. Mr. Bowman, in his
testimony, thinks Mr. Appleton, the Assistant
Secretary of State, drew the contract. Both these
gentlemen were consulted in the matter, and it
appears from the testimony that the terms of the
arrangement between Bowman and Wendell were
influenced by their counsels. This is a contract
corrupt and demoralizing on its very face, it is
founded in the assumption that the printing and
binding of the Executive Departments are to be
given to Wendell, for which he shall pay annu-
ally, so long as they shall be continued to him,
- $20,000 a year, ^10,000 of which was to go to the
publisher of the Union, now the Constitution, and
$10,000 to the Pennsylvania!"), an Administration
paper in the city of Philadelphia. This is the sale
of official patronage—the giving out of public work
at the disposal of the Administration, with the
condition that a part of the price drawn from the
public Treasury shall be returned or paid by the
contractor executing the work for the use and
benefit of the Administration, who give out the
jobs. Part of the contract is in expectations not
expressed in writing—that part relating to the
present Congress, as Mr. Wendell testifies. Bow-
man expected to be elected Printer to the Senate,
and Wendell expected to cxecute the printing,
and in that way to be indemnified for the transfer
ofthe Union without price to Bowman. The At-
torney General and a Senator arc made the arbi-
ters to decide any differences, if any should arise,
between Wendell and Bowman, as. to how this
spoil of the Treasury should be divided between
them. The executive printing and binding were
continued to Wendell, upon the agreement on his
part to pay $20,000 a year to Bowman. Wendell
first proposed $10,000 a year for the executive
printing and binding; but, at the suggestion of
some one interested for the Pennsylvanian, $10,000
a year were added for that paper—the whole
$20,000 mentioned in the c&ntr&ct to be paid to
Bowman, but under an understanding that $10,000
a year was to go to the Union and $10,000 to the
Pennsylvanian. The stipulation is expressed m
the contract, that if this work should be withdi&wn
from Wendell'by the Executive Departments,
then he should ceasc to pay; and if any part should
be withdrawn, the arbiters were authorized to de-
termine what proportion of this subsidizing bonus
from the public printing to the Union and Penn-
sylvanian Wendell should be released from pay-
ing, and how much lie should continue to pay.
The money drawn from the Treasury on account
of printing for the Postt)ffice blanks was controlled
by the Administration and disposed of for politi-
cal and party purposes.
Previous to March, 1859, when the contract for
$20,000 a year from the executive printing and
binding was made with Bowman, and he took
the Union, Wendell published the Union at an
anjiual expenditure beyond its receipts, as he tes-
tifies, of from ten to eighteen thousand dollars a
year; and he also paid to Mr. Rice, publisher of
the Pennsylvania!), $11,198 57; and to Mr. Sev-
erns, publisher of the Argus, in Philadelphia,
rising five thousand dollars; and these two sums,
to the Pennsylvanian and the Argus, he said
might be considered by the direction of the Ex-
ecutive. Page 22 of the testimony, Wendell tes-
tified distinctly, in reply to interrogatories—
u By Mr. Kesntdy :
"Question. Do you say, to the'Argus, by direction of the
Executive ?
i(Jln$wcr. YcS, cir.
Question. I thought I understood you, the other day,
to say that there was no compulsion exeieised upon you to
pay; but you considered you weie, to a certain extent,
bound to give to the Aigus.
"Jlns/ccr. Under the arrangement with Ilioc. Allow me
to say, thatlvice obtained tlio contract, and then Severn.-
and his friends claimed a part, and I was directed to re-
duce ihe amount to Kice ami pay an amount t« deverns.
" By Mr. :
iCQiteUio& Who dneoted you5
i''Jinsu-cr. The Executive.
<• Question. Whom do you mean by the Executive?
"slmwer. James Buchanan.
''Question. You said you had no conversation with him.
"Jinsuei. That is in relation to the printing.
"Question. Was this done verbally and peisonally?
"Jloisuer Personally. There was a contest between Mr.
Bicji-er and Colonel Florence about it.1'
Mr. Wendell (page 12 of the testimony) was
shown the following card by Mr. Slidell, and
asked:
"Question. fs this a correctcopy of a card you published
in the Union:
Wamiuvgi'on Union;, December 11, 1858.
" ACard.— My attention has been called to a paragraph
m a letter to the New Yoik Times of the 9th instant, m
vasrue and genera! terms, that the President had caused
certain money, justly due to some individual, to be used
for electioneenng pui poses. With this accusation my own
name ha* been so geneially connected in conversation, that
1 feel constrained, publicly and emphatically, todenyall
knowledge or belief of any fact which can warrant it, and
to deelaie that Piesident Buchanan never did authorize,
advise, or lequest me, directly or indirectly, to use either
my own money oi that of any other person lor any puipo^e
like that mentioned in the paragiaph lefened to, or in any
mannei affecting any public election.
" C. WENDELL.
"Jlnswcr. I presume It is."
Afterwards, (page 24 of the testimony,) Mr.
Wendell being further interrogated respecting this
card, desired to state, and testified as follows:
" Some time in the month of September T suggested the
stoppage ofthe payment to the Ponnsylvaman, on my own
volition, believing that the money was thrown av\ ay there.
I stopped it. 1 had two reasons for it. One was, I wanted
nomp ol'the profits myself, lor I was running into difficul-
ties, and I thought I was entitled to some ot the profits. I
suggested it to the President, add, without his direction, I
stopped it. He did not direct this stoppage. He did not
direct it to be done, nor dissent, lie would say, this whole
subject ofthe punting is a souice of annoyance to me; do
as you please, I suspended the payment, and Mr. Rice, of
coui.se, was highly indignant, and he made divers state-
ments, which were caught up by the leporters, and this at-
tack was made. i\lr. liakei twld me that the President
wished me to make this btatement. He bioughtitto ?ne
already written, and I signed it. It warf, and is tiue, in
every particular. I will read it: <My attent-iou^us^oen
called to a paiagrapli in a letter to the New York
of the 9th instant, m vague and genera] terms, thai the Pres-
ident had caused certain money, justly due to some indi-
vidual, to be used for electioneering purposes.* He never
did. ' With this accusation my own name has been so gen-
erally connected in conversation, that I feel constrained^
publicly and emphatically, to deny all knowledge or belief
of any fact which can warrant it, and to declare tliai Pres-
ident Buchanan ncverdidauthorize,advise,orrequestine,
directly or indirectly, to use either my own money or that
of any otlici person, tor puipo-ses like that mentioned in the
paragraph refeired to, or m any manner affecting any pub-
lic election.' That is all true. What I did was of my own
volition. I thought the money could be better applied to
partisan purposes, and I took the responsibility."
The article published in tho Times was not
before the committee.
Joseph Severn^, publisher of the Evening Na-
tional Argus, Philadelphia, testifies that ho re-
ceived about five thousand dollars, as he under-
stood it, out of the Post Office blanks printing, as
a contribution, a political contribution, for the
support of his paper; that he did none of the
printing, and was not a party to the contract; but
that the contract was given to Ric<3 by the Post-
master Gcneial, with the understanding that he
(Scverns, of the Argus) was to have $5,000 out
of it; that he did not understand exactly how it
was; that he did not know who it was that de-
termined how the profits of the Post Office blanks
printing should be divided; that he applied to all
the heads of DepaHment for advertisments; that
he made a claim as for a party newspaper; that
he supposed the contribution to him was induced
by his application for patronage; that he under-
stood from Wendell it was done by direction of
the 1'ostmastcr General; that he drew upon Wen-
dell for the money, and Wendell paid the drafts.
William Rice, late proprietor and publisher of
the Pennsylvanian, testifies: that the order by the
Postmaster General for printing the Post Office
blanks and other printing was given to him De-
cember 31, 1&57; and that, on the 1st of Janu-
ary, 1858, he arrranged with iV^r. Wendell to do
the work; that he gave him an order on the Post-
master General to uo it—it was a direction to the
Postmaster General that Wendell should print
the blanks; ti&at he subsequently gave Wendell
an order for the money, and that Wendell was to
pay him forty-three per cent, of the gross amount.
Afterwards a part of this forty-three per cent, to
Rice was diverted and given to the Argus. Rice
testified that he could not tell who determined
how much of the money Wendell was to receive,
and how much he was to have; it was not determ-
ined by Wendell and himself; that Wendell com-
municated to him it was so. When Rice became
dissatisfied with Wendell, he wrote to the Post-
master General revoking his order in favor of
Wendell; and after that he (Rice) got no more
orders for printing. Rice made efforts to obtain
the printing by a contract for a fixed ierm of time.
This was refused. A part of Mr. Rice's testi-
mony, questions and answers in his own words,
(page 35 of the testimony,) will illustrate the con-
trofthe Executive Departments exercised over the
work, and over the money drawn from the Treas-
ury to pay for it: *
" By the Chairman :
f< Question. Were any other poitions of the receipts from
these post office blanks paid to anybody else?
" JlnsiL-er. 1 do not know, sir, only fiom hearsay. The
sum of §19,401 is the amount paid to Mr. Wendell in tho
subsequent six months, but lhave only leceived out of that
$1,861. That is all I have received out ofthe balance ae-
coidmg.to my drr.iiigemeut. lie ought to have paid me
$8,000. On the twenty-one and a half per cent, airange-
jnent which has been made by the Postmaster Gcneial, the
amount would be §4,171. ™
" Question. Xiy what authority docs the Postmaster Gen-
eral distribute this money.
Answer. I do not know, only from hearsay.
" Question. Had you any wonversatioji with him on tho
subject?
" Jlnsivcr. Yes, sir.
"Question. Were you willing to abide by it?
ee Jlnswcr. Yes; 1 had to do it. The Piesident told me
itwas divided, and I had to submit.
" Question. Did the Piesident say so?
"Answer. Yes. The Piesident told me that the division
had been ordered, and that he could nwt interfere with the
order.
" Question. And that you were not to have the whole
of it ?
l* Jinsu-cr. No, sir, 1 could not have the whole.
il Question. Had those gentlemen any authority to inter-
fere with jour conn act m that way?
JUnsuer. 1 do not know.
" Question. You say you submitted to it?
" Answer. I could not help it.
" By Mi. Slidell;
u Question. They could take it away altogether, could
they not ?
