532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
his resolution was made by a South American,
and not by a Republican. A gentleman belong-
ing to the southern Opposition moved to strike
out a certain portion of the gentleman's motion
and insert another proposition; that was the first
question I acknowledge that if you were to take
up the record of motions and resolutions which
have been proposed since that day, you have an
accumulation upon that table which it would take
us weeks to dispose of, if we proceed under par-
liamentary rules. Now, sir, I repeat, that in
insisting.upon the previous question I do not pro-
pose to carry it by physical force. It must be
done by moral force, and in obedience to law. I
disclaim utterly all intention to use any other ex-
ertion than that in conformity to the Constitution
and law, which I desire to present with due respect
to all sides of the House.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not intend, on this occa-
sion, to discuss the refined technicalities of par-
liamentary law, but I desire to confront this sub-
ject as it confronts us, and as the country are
looking at it. When we entered this Hall on the.
first Monday in December, the first question and
the first duty which met us at the threshold was
the organization of the House. And 1 desire to
speak of the spirit in which parliamentary law
should be administered, not only by the Clerk
who presides, but by the members who act under
that law. 1 contend that, instead of occupying the
tim* of the House with elaborate debate, it is our
first and our paramount duty to promote, as far
as possible, the organization of this embryo body,
for we are certainly in that position.
The second point I make in conjunction with
that is, that the will of this House should be as-
certained and expressed on every question before
it; that the collective voice of the Representatives
of the American people is not to be ascertained
by makmgqucstionsof orderand technical points,
but by voting. Gentlemen upon the other side
of the House speak of this side as being respons-
ible for the non-organization, and deny the consti-
tutionality of the plurality rule; and we have had
an elaborate1 speech here to-day in regard to the
abstract propositions of parliamentary law bear-
ing upon this question. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bocock] says that he does not un-
derstand the previous question to be before the
House. IIow are we to ascertain whether it is
or is not, except by submitting the proposition to
a vote of the House? J tlnnk the point raised by
the gentleman ft om Pennsylvania [Mr. Snsviojs]
upon the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Clark]
was well taken-, but how shall we ascertain whether
it was well token or not, evcept by submitting it
to the collective judgment of the Ilouse? The
gentlemen on the other side, yesterday,remarked
that the plurality rule is opposed by a majority
of the House, because a small majority of the
members ha\e thus far voted against Mr. Sher-
man, of Ohio. If the gentlemen are satisfied they
are in the majority, what possible objection can
they have to submitting it to a vote of the House?
Ought not the voice of the majority hero to be
ascertained and enforced? and how can it be ascer-
tained here but by a vote of the House ? We have
offered repeatedly to submit every pending ques-
tion promptly, without debate or delay, to a vole
of the Representatives of the people.
Mr. WINSLOW. I will make a suggestion,
by which we might get rid of all these matters,
and clear the Clerk's table. It is that, by the com-
mon consent of ail sides of the House, all ques-
tions be withdrawn until we reach the resolution
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Ci \nu,]
and the substitute of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer;] that gentlemen shall be
allowed to debate these propositions who desire
to do so, and that then the vote shall be u]>on
striking out and inserting.
Mr. KARKSDALE. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina, in his suggestion, intimate that
after that vote shall have been taken, a vote can
be had uj>on the plurality rul<—in fine, that the
plurality rule will be acceptable to this side under
any circumstanced
Mr. Wi \SI<()W. Not at all. My idea was
to withdrawal! the questions now pending before
the House. 1 was speaking on my own responsi-
' bihty. 1 know, however, that the course I sug-
gest would be agreeable to my friend from Mis-
souri, whom I consulted. I suggest that, by
common consent, all the question;* befor. the
House be withdrawn, except the resolution of
the gentleman from Missouri, and the substitute
of my colleague.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope that the gentleman
will indulge me in one word. I speak for myself.
I have no authority to speak for anybody else on
this side of the House. For one, Mr. Clerk, I
am opposed to the adoption of the plurality rule;
and I would oppose it, if there was no resolution
upon the Clerk'stable. While I have no author-
ity to speak for this side of the House, yet I
believe that I express its common sentiment when
I say that to the last it will resist the adoption of
the plurality rule.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me ask the gentleman
from Mississippi a question. It is well for the
country to understand what is going on here. I
ask the gentleman whether there has not been a
written agreement signed upon his side of the
House, that the plurality rule shall not be allowed
to be voted on m this Blouse ?
A Member. And how many signed it?
Mr. COLFAX. I will follow my first ques-
tion, when it is responded to, by another.
Mr. "BARKSDALE. I have not the right to
speak for any but myself. I speak for myself,
when I say that to the last 1 intend to resist the
adoption of the plurality rule, believing that its
adoption would result in the election of Mr. Sher-
man.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman unquestion-
ably has th< right to resist it; but does he answer
whether there is not a written agreement on his
side not only to resist it, but to prevent the House
from voting on it ?
Mr. LOGAN. I want to answer for myself.
Mr. COLFAX. Excuse me, until the gentle-
man from Mississippi answers.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have already remarked
to the gentleman from Indiana, that I have no
right to speak for anybody but myself. I have
two objections to the adopt ion of the plurality rule.
In the first place, I oppose it because I believe it
to be unconstitutional, and so long as I take the
Constitution for my guide, 1 must oppose it; and,
in the second place, 1 oppose it because I believe
its adoption would result in the triumph of the
Republican party, and the dishonor and degrada-
tion of the South, my State, and my constituents.
Mi. COLFAX. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi has herctofoie asked me questions, and I
haveanswered them promptly and frankly; and he
has used my answers in his district, and his friends
have used them elsewhere in the South. Now, I
ask him whether he refuses to answer my ques-
tion. If he says that lie does not know anything
of the agreement, then I can ask no more.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have no authority
(Laughter on the Republican benches.") 1 have
no authoiityto speak, sir; but f believe that a
number of gentlemen on this side of the House
do intend to the last to result the adoption of the
plmulity rule by nil parliamentary and constitu-
tional expedients.
Mr. BURNETT. With the permission of the
gentleman from Indiana, Mr. Clerk, I will answer
the question which he has propounded. I am one
of the members who, early in the session, an-
nounced my opposition to the adoption of the plu-
rality rule, because i believed it was violative of the
Constitution by placing the ppwer m the hands of
a minoiity here to electa Speaker of the Houseof
Representat ives. I announce the same opposition
to-day, and 1 tell the gentleman from Indiana that
there is a written agreement of membeisnpon this
side of (he* House, that (h<-re is a written pledge
j of members of tins side, to resist the adoption of
; the pluiahty nile by nil parliamentary means. I
ii am one of those membeis who will, by parlia-
]j mentary strategy, by every means 1 have, as a
j1 Representative of the people of Kentucky, resist
ji the adoption of that unconstitutional resolution;
ji a resolution not only violative of the Constitution
j! of the United States, but. of parliamentary law
j: itself.
ii Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Kentucky
ji is so frank, that I will ask him another question.
j: Does that agreement pledge resistance to theplu-
j. rainy resolution of a majority, even if two thirds
11 of this House express their desire to vote for or
!' airainst that resolution; does it m that ease pledge
Ii resistance to the House even taking a vote on the
|j question r
• Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that the gentlemen who have
pledged themselves to that agreement intend to
stand by it, let the numbers be what they may.
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the gentleman whether
he will answer my question. Will you prevent
a vote being taken on the resolution ?
Mr. BURNETT. I say, upon my responsi-
bility as a Representative—I do not know how
many will back me; I know not how many agree
with me; but speaking for myself, sir—that I am
ready and willing to cooperate with any member
to defeat the adoption of the plurality rule by all
the parliamentary means that can be resorted to,
even up to the moment when my commission ex-
pires as a member upon this floor. [Applause
and hisses in the galleries.]
Mr.COLFAX. Thegentlemandoesnotanswer
with his usual directness. Will the gentleman
resort to the parliamentary tactics he refers to in
order to prevent the House from voting for or
against the plurality resolution?
Mr. BURNETT. I thought I had answered
that.
Mr. COLFAX. Yes or no is an answer.
Mr. BURNETT. I say this: I will illustrate
my position by referring to the question now
pending. I hold that the resolution of the gentle-
man from Ohio is not properly before this House;
that in its present phase wc have a right to dis-
cuss it, and that the call for the previous question
dors not cut off debate; and I say that I am ready
to defeat the adoption of that resolution by a resort
to all the tactics known and recognized by par-
liamentary law, such as dilatory motions to ad-
journ, calls for the yeas and nays, calls of the
House, and others. I will defeat, if I can, the
selection by a minority of this House of the man
who shall preside over our deliberations, from
the number of those who have indorsed the infa-
mous doctiines of the Helper book, and who,
though called on time and again, have refused to
disa\ow them. Such a disgrace upon my section
and my constituents I will resist by all parliament-
ary and legitimate means, so help me God, as
long as I have a seat upon this floor. [Applause
in t he galleries.]
Air. COLFAX. I am compelled, in response
to the gentleman from Kentucky, to say one thing
diveii^jng fi om the line of argument 1 had marked
out for myself. It is in reference to the Helper
book, to which he has alluded; and I want the
country to understand this fact: that, though gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House have, for
the last six weeks, over and over again, spoken
of extracts from that book as calculated to ripen
insurrection, servile and civil war, yet they have
themselves embodied those very extracts, the most
extreme and obnoxious they could find, in their
speeches, and circulated and scattered them broad-
cast throughout the entire South, in every city,
in every county, in every town, and in almost
every plantation, thereby sowing, with their own
hands, the seed, if they believe their own argu-
ments, which is to ripen into servile insurrection
and civil war. And I say, if they are consistent
with themselves in their arguments, if these re-
sults follow from those extracts, upon their own
heads be the responsibility; for they have circu-
lated thousands upon thousands of these Helper
cxtiacts m localities all over the South, where
Helper himself, and all the publishing committees
he could appoint, eouid never send them.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman will pcrnt't
me one moment to reply. The gentleman makes
a digression for the purpose of noTicing this Helper
book. Why have southern men sent that book
to the South? Why have they published these
extiacts, and scattered them broadcast over the
southern country ? It was that the people we have
the honor to repiescnt upon this floormightknow
the true condition of the country: that they might
midinjtand, that they might fully appreciate the
fact that there is a body of men upon the floor of
this House who have nominated for the highest
position under the Government, save that of Pres-
ident, for the Speaker of this House, a man who
coolly, and, solar as I know, deliberately indorsed
a book—and I believe the member from Indiana
who now addresses the House is in the same
category—[a "voice, "He is!"] who indorsed a
book which recommended the slaves in the south-
ern States not only 10 rise against their masters,
but to apply the incendiary torch, the knife, and
the1 sword, to their owners: [Mr. Colfax. uOh>
