THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5.
tl)e land is worth buying on the part of thp pre-
emptor, if he prefers buying, he will give §2 50;
but if ho does not, if he prefers having it dona-
ted, as ninety-nine in a hundred will if you give
the land, he will not take the land under the pre-
emption act.
Again, if the amendment be adopted as a whole,
most of the land which is likely to be claimed by
preemptors is already claimed, for it'is confined to
land now in market at the time of the passage of
the bill, and it is notorious that nearly all the
land claimed by preemptors is claimed even be-
fore the land is surveyed. The amendment of
course does not apply to land not now in mar-
ket, because it limits the application of the entire
bill to such land.; and other land, not surveyed,
or surveyed and not yet in the market, will be
liable to entry as heretofore under the preemption
act.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator mean that lands
that may hereafter become subject to private en-
try shall not be subject to the provisions of this
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir; I propose to confine it
to those in market at the time of its passage.
Mr. PUGH. It is more objectionable than I
supposed. I did not understand that before.
Mr. FITCH. It limits the application of the
bill to land in the market at the date of its-pas-
sage. Of course, it cannot generally interfere with
the preemption laws.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benmmin, Bragg, Chcsnut, Clay,
Clingman, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Hammond, Hunter, [verson,
Johnson of Arkansas, I'earce, Polk, Saulsbuiy, Sebastian,
and Wigfali—17.
NAys—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas, Durkce, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harhln, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Latham, Nicholson, Pugh, Hiee, Seward, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wado, Witkinson, and
Wilson—28. •
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. Would it be in order for me
now to move an amendment for the entire amend-
ment of the committee—to substitute one amend-
ment for*another ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment reported by the committee is still pending.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Before any vote is taken
on the substitute, I desire to perfect the first sec-
tion. I will propose to do so whenever it is in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can-
not determine whether the amendment of.the Sen-
ator from Mississippi will be in order until lie
learns something of its character.
Mr. BROWN. With a view of indicating my
own well-considered views on this subject, f pre-
sent this proposition; which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Json; whioh is, to strikeout all after the enact-
ing clause, and inert:
That the laws now in force, granting preemption to actual
settlers on the public lands, shall continue until otherwise
ordered by Congress ; and that the same he extended to all
the Teirilbrles of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That from and after the
passage of this act, the right of preemptors shall be perpet-
uated: that is to say, persons acquiring the right of pte-
emption shall retain the same without disturbance, and
wifhout payment of any kind to the United States; but on
these conditions: First. The pre^mptor shall not sell, alien-
ate, or dispose of his or her rlghtfor a consideration ; and if
he or she voluntarily abandons one preemption, and claims
another, no right shall be acquired by s>uch claim, until the
claimant shall first have testified, under oath, before the
register of the land office, when tiie clann is piefeired, that
he or she has voluntarily abandoned his or hor original pre-
emption, and that no consideration, reward, or payment of
any kind, has been received, or is expected, directly or In-
directly, as an inducement lor such abandonment; and any
person who shall testify falsely in such case, shall be deemed
guiity of perjury. Second. Any person claiming and hold-
ing the right of preemption to lands under this, act, may
bo required by the State within«which the same lies to pay
taxes thereon in the same manner, and to the same extent,
If lie or she owned the said Jand in lee simple ; and in
case such lands arc sold for taxes, the purchaser shall ac-
quire the right of preemption only. Third. Absence of the
prcomptor and his family for six consecutive months shall
be decmcd.au abandonment; and the land shall, in s>uch
case, revert to the United States, and be subject to the same
disposition as other public lands.
Sec. 3. j3nd be it further cnactal, That lands preempted,
and the improvements thereon, shall not be subject to ex-
ecution sale, or other sale for debt; and all contracts made
in reference thereto, intended in any wise to alienate the
right, or to embarrasss or disturb the preemptor in his or
her occupancy, shall be absolutely null and void.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the preemptor
may, at acy time, at his or her discretion^ enter the lands
preempted, by paying therefor, to the proper officer of the
United States, the Government minimum price.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case of the
preemptor's death,if'a married man, his light shall survive
to his widow and infant children, but the rights of the older
children shall cease as they respectively come of age, or
when they reach the age of twenty-one years; in all cases
the right of preemption shall remain to the youngest child.
And in case of the death of both father and mother, leaving
an infant child or children Under fourteen years of age, the
right of preemption shall cease, and the fc« shall inuie to
the benefit of said infant child or children; and the execu-
tor, administrator, or guardian, may, at any time within two
years after the death o! the surviving parent, sell said land
for the benefit of said infants, but for no other purpose; and
the purchaser shall acquire the absolute title by the pur-
chase, and be entitled to a patent from the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment reported by the committee being to perfect
the original bill, and the one offered by the Senator
from Mississippi being a substitute, the first ques-
tionis on the one reported by the committee.
Mr. BROWN. I did not know there was a
pending amendment to the original bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I take it it will now be in
order to move an amendment to the first section
of the original bill; and I propose, in the eighth
line, to strike out after the word "entitled," and
insert the same amendment which was before
moved by me to the Senate bill.
Mr. BROWN. I understood the Presiding Of-
ficer to say that there was an amendment pending
to the amendment, and that, therefore, my amend-
ment was not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER". The Chair is
so informed by the Clerk.
Mr. BROWN. Then how can the amendment
proposed by the Senator from North Carolina be
in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Mississippi is
a substitute for the entire bill, as the Chair un-
derstands.
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; I propose to substi-
tute my amendment for the amendment reported
by the Senator from Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. That ia the point I
make. I am not proposing to amend the original
bill at all; but the amendment of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be made
in order by moving to strike out all after the word
"that," where it first occurs in the amendment,
and inserting what has been read.
Mr. BROWN. That will do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
misunderstood the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. WADE. 1 hone the timendment of the
Senator from Mississippi will not be agreed to.
It will destroy the principal features and charac-
ter of the bill; so that I presume the friends of
the bill will go against it.
Mr. BROWN. I have no prepared speech on
this subject; but I feel that injustice to myself I
ought to state now distinctly what my position
is, because otherwise my present position may
seem to be somewhat in conflict with my past
rccord. At heart, sir, 1 am not opposed to this
measure; in principle 1 believe it is right; but the
constituency that I represent take a different view
of it, and have, in vanous modes, indicated that
they did not desire or expect me, as their Senator,
to vote in its favor. If I was only giving the vote
of Albert G. Brown, I should record it in favor
of this measure; but when I cast one of the votes
which belong to the State of Mississippi, I must1
cast it in accordance with the wish of that State,
and therefore in opposition to this bill. But, sir,
if the friends of the measure could be induced to
accept such a proposition as that which I have
laid on your table, I would unhesitatingly vote
for it, and take the hazards of settling the account
with my constituents. To the proposition which
I have laid upon your table there can, in my judg-
ment", be no reasonable objection.
Sir, what is the proposition? It secures substan-
tially, and for all beneficial purposes, everything
which either the House bill or the Senate bill se-
cures., If the object be to benefit the settler on the
public lands, my proposition reaches that object.
It is, that he who settles upon the public land may
remain there and occupy it so long as lie chooses
to remain, with the strong arm of this Government
stretched over him protesting him from harm or
molestation. Can the settler ask more ? If your
object really be to protect the settlers on the public
lands, the first section of the substitute which I
propose does that, and does it most effectually. It
removes the limitations to your preemption laws;
removes the twelve months' limitation, the two
years' limitation, and all other limitations; and
says to the settler: " Go upon the land, and stay
as long as you choose; whenever you are ready to
pay, come forward and pay the Government the
minimum price, whatever that may be." It may
be twelve and a half cents, under your graduation
law; it may be a quarter, or a half, or three quarters
of a dollar, or a dollar and a quarter; but whatever
the Government minimum is, you ask him to pay,
and to pay only when it suits his convenienco.
You do not harass him continually with threats
of expulsion if he is not ready to pay. You relieve
him from that anxiety which every-settler on the_
public lands feels when he fails to present the"
money at the land office at the right term—that
some more fortunate man, or some man of more
fortune, may come and take his homestead from
him.
Sir, I care not what other men feel, what they
think, or what they say in regard to this matter.
I tell you, and tell the country, what the bone and
sinew of the country already know, that your
preemption system has been rather a curse to the
squatter than a benefit. He has been decoyed
upon the public lands by your flattering policy;
he has expended his labor in rearing a little hut
in the forest, felling a few trees, making a little
improvement, and struggling against the misfor
tunes and difficulties which surround him, only
to find, after having bestowed a year of honest
toil, that he has attracted the eye of cupidity.
Some man with more money than he, and ten
times, I dare say, less genuine patriotism, has
come and taken liis home and sent him again into
the forest. Sir, I am not ashamed to stand up in
this presence and say that every instinct of my
heart revolts at such results. I am not ashamed
to stand up in this presence and say that, by every
power vested in as a Senator, I will protect these
sons of honest toil. I did not listen to my friend
from Texas [Mr. 'Wigfall] yesterday with much
pleasure when he said poverty was a crime. No,
sir; poverty is no crime. Poverty may lead to
crime, but in itself it is a virtue. There are moro
men on the poor list in this country who.are hon-
est and patriotic, than thereare'in the same pro-
portion of numbers, on the list of millionaires.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly."
Mr. WIGFALL. I should like to know who
he calls the poor. I stated distinctly my view on
that point yesterday, and I desire not to be mis-
understood. I never pay any attention to news-
paper reports myself, but some friends of mine
showed me this morning one published over here
in Baltimore, the Sun, and were greatly horrified
at its statement of my ideas. I wish to put myself
right on the record. 1 stated yesterday, as dis-
tinctly as I knew how, that labor was capital. It
is a long time since I read books on policical econ-
omy, and I do not remember definitions; but I
take that to be capital which will bring money;
and that any man has capital who has that which
will always command money; and that bone and
muscle and brains are capital^ and that any man
who has brains, or bone'and'muscle, is a capital-
ist to the extent that he is supplied by nature;
and if he chooses not to use'his brains, or his bone
and muscle, he is guilty of a crime; and it is an
outrage upon those men who do work, upon those
who do pay the taxes, that the results of their
energy, their enterprise, and their industry, that
the money that is made by the sweat of their
faces should be appropriated to support pauper-
ism, which is another word for vagabondism, and
that another word for crime; and I would not con-
sent myself to pay one dime to support such a
man, nor would 1 vote that the Government should;
and I therefore denounced paupei'ism as a crime.
There is no such thing as poverty. If a man ia
crippled, if he is sick, that is an exception; there
are exceptions to general rules. It is useless to
bring in exceptions. I say that brains and bone
and muscle are capital, and the man who has them
and does not use them is guilty of a crime, and it .
ought not to be encouraged; and all these bills
which are introduced to provide for the poor are
imputations on the' character of the American
people. Now, sir, I did not intend to argue it; I
only wanted to put myself right.
Mr. BROWN. I am not going to discuss this
