I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
ni
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Fitch.
Senate.,
pressing wants so often felt in a Territory, a new
country, and direct it to the fancied wrongs of an
inferior race. And even with that time, and with
that organization, Abolitionists could not accom-
plish their schemes if there existed in that Terri-
tory any of that race held as property to belie, by
its condition, their statements in relation to it.
It is admitted on all sides, at least among Dem-
ocrats, that a Territorial Legislature possesses the
power to regulate and to protect slave property.
It is claimed by some that if possessed of this
power, it is equally possessed of the power to
exclude or destroy it. An original government—
one formed or forming from anarchy or revolu-
tion, in a countryvwhorc there did not already
exist some paramount law or constitution, would
possess this power, it scarce needs be said here,
or any other power, to an unlimited extent over
any domestic question; but it is well known that
such is not the condition of our country; that such
is not the character of our Government. We have
a Constitution—the paramount law of the land—
everywhere prevailing except where superseded
to a certain defined extent by State authority. The
men of the Revolution, when they emergedfiom
that struggle, had undisputed power over the in-
stitution of slavery then existing throughout al-
most our entire boundary. They could, in forming
our Government, have prohibited it in all our then
orprospective possessions. They could have done
this immediately, or they could have bestowed
upon the Constitution and the Government winch
it created the power to do it at any subsequent
period. They chose, however, to do neither. They
reserved to the States exclusive control within
their respective limits of the question of its ex-
istence or non-existence; and they bestowed upon
the Constitution only the power to elsewhere pro-
tect it, and everywhere recover it. The Consti-
tution then does not establish slavery anywhere;
but it recognizes and protects it as preexisting,
except where State sovereignty has prohibited
it. The difference between the State governments
and a territorial government is this: The State
governments do not deiive their power from the
Constitution or the General Government; on the
contrary, they gave to both all the powers the
Constitution and General Government possess,
and reserved to themselves all the powers not thus
given. A territorial government, on the contrary,
derives all its powers from the Constitution through
the General Government; it has no original power;
it lias no reserved power; and it cannot partake of
the powers reserved to, and by the States, until
it becomes a State.
In stating this opinion on the subject of terri-
torial power, I am not asserting a mere personal
dogma, the offspring of personal or sectional
prejudices; for whatever my prejudices may be,
1 have endeavored to form opinions and base acts
upon them in conformity with the law and the
Constitution, and am perfectly willing^o receive
the exposition of both from that department of
Government whose special duty it is to expound
both. The man who will not conform his acts to
the law, the Constitution, and the decisions of the
courts, has within him the raw material of a John
Brown, only awaiting circumstances for its devel-
opment. The man who will not, especially as an
officer, rise superior to his own or the mere preju-
dices of those around him, is in danger of becom-
ing a fanatic, or the abettor of fanatics, and can
find his only proper political affiliation on the
other (Republican) side of this Chamber. What-
ever the party represented by the Senators on that
side may be, I cannot believe the great Democratic
party is yet the property of any one man, to have
terms and principles dictated to it — to be authori-
tatively told to place one construction on the same
law and the same constitutional provision to-day
and a different one to-morrow. The party expects
its nominees, if elected, to cany out its principles
and to conform their acts to its wishes. I cannot
believe that it is yet so degraded as to get down
upon bended knee and ask any man upon what
conditions lie will accept a nomination—-what dec-
laration of principles it must make to secure bus
support. I cannot believe that it is yet prepared
to lend continued support to any one who may
be found using whatever of power it has placed in
his hands to "the manufacture of political issues
for the purpose of bending these issues to his own
aggrandizement. I cannot believe that it is yet
prepared to long permit any man toclaim that he
is its sole personification—that his hat, when he
places it upon his head, covers its entire brain,
or his waistcoat warms its heart. The man who
will assert his own opinions as the sole rule of
action for himself and for others, whatever the
courts have decided, or may decide, to the con-
trary, surely cannot be a safe depository of execu-
tive power. Such a man, if a sheriff, would refuse
to execute a decree of the court if in his judgment
it was erroneous. Such a man, if Governor of a
State or Territory, would arm its citizens againsta
decision of a court, or a law of Congress, if m his
judgment that law or that decision was unconsti-
tutional. Such a man, if President, would permit
a decree of the court or a law of Congress Ao be
successfully resisted, if in his judgment court or
Congress had exceeded its power. V/
The opinion I have expressed upon the sub-
ject of territorial powers is founded upon a decis-
ion of the Supreme Court. It is denied by the
entire Republican party, and by many Democrats,
that what I allude to as a decision is such. They
assert it is an opinion only upon a collateral ques-
tion. Mr. President, I will not cavil with them
about words. They may call it opinion or de-
cision, whichever they will. It is sufficient for me
that it is here; it is written; it is of record; it is the
expressed view of the court. I presumerevery
Democrat will admit, that the court, individually
and collectively, is too deliberative—too conscious
of the responsibilities resting upon it, to give a
hasty opinion—one not weil matured—on any
question submitted to it, whether mam or collat-
eral. Having admitted this, they must still fur-
ther admit, that what may be its opinion to-day,
on what they may choose to call a collateral ques-
tion, will, if that question bo to-morrow the mam
issue, be its decision. The same objection was
made in the court; and let us see how the court
disposed of it:
But,"says the Supreme Court, in the Dred
Scott decision,
" Before we proceed to examine this part of the case, it
may bo pioperto notice an objection taken to the judicial
authouty ot this eomt to decide it; and it has been -aid that,
as this court has decided against the jui isdietion of thee u-
cmt court on the plea in abatement, it lias no right to ex-
amine any question presented by the exception ; and that
any tiling it may say upon that paitof the ea>e will be c.Uia-
judicial, and mere obiter dicta.
" This if a manifest mistake ; there can be no doubt a- to
the jurisdiction of tins eouit to ievise the judgment ot a
circuit eouit, and to lever^e it foi any eiror apparent on the
iccord, whether it be the error of giving judgment in a ease
over winch it bad no jurisdiction, oj any other mafenal
eiroi; and tin:-, too, whethei there is a plea in abatement,
or not.*' 6
I presume no apology will be expccted from me
for attaching more importance to the opinion of the
court than to that of any outside, and especially
any interested, political party.
"The objection appears to have aiisenfromconfoundmg
wiits ot enor to a State court with writs of error to a cir-
cuit court of the United States. Undoubtedly, upon a writ
ot enor to a State court, unless the jeeord shows a case
that give?- jurisdiction, the ease nuM be dismissed for want
of jiu ^diction in this court. And if it is dismissed on that
giound, we have no right to examine and decide upon any
question piesented by the bill of exceptions, or any other
pan of the recoid. Butwritsof enor to a Stale eoutt,und
to a circuit court of the United States, are regulated by dif-
l'eient laws, and stftnd upon entirely diffeient pniieiples.
And in awntot enor to aencuiteouit of the United States,
the whole recoid i  before this eouit for examination and
decision : and if the sum m controversy is laige enough to
give luiibdiction, it is not only the right, but it is the judi-
cial duty, of the eouit, to examine the whole case as pre-
sented by the record; and if it appeals upon its face that
anv material enor 01 eirors have been committed by the
eouit below, it is the duty ot this eouit to leverse the judg-
ment, and lemand the eu-.e. And <;(rtami} an eiroi in pac-
ing a judgment upon the ments m favor of either pait\, m
a ea.se winch it was not authomed to try. and over which
it had no jui isdicuon, is a> grave an error as a court can
commit
"The correction of one error in the court below does
not deprive the appellate court of the power of examining
further inio the lecoid, aud collecting any other material
enois winch may have been committed by the infeiior
court. Theie is certainly no lule ot law, nor any piaetice,
nor any decision of a court, which even questions this
power in the appellate tribunal. On the eontiaiy, it is the
daily piaetieeoi tins court, and of all appellate couits, where
they ievef-e the ludgment of an mfeiior court for eiroi, to
coiicct by lis opinions whatever errors huj appear on the
record mate! nil to the case ; and they have alwa\s held it
to be their duty to do so wheie the silence of the court
might lead to miseonsti uenon or future controversy, and
the point has been relied on by either side and argued before
the court."
It then proceeds to say, in speaking of our ac-
quisition of territory:
" Whatever it [the Government] acquires, it acquires for
the benefit of the people of the several States who created
it. It is their trustee, acting for them, and charged with the
duty of promoting the interests of the whole people of the
Union in the exercise ot the powers specifically granted."
And again:
"But, as we have before said, it [the territory J was ac-
quired by the General Government, as the representative
and trustee of the people of the United States; and it must,
theie fore, be held in that character for their common ana
equal benefit; for it was the people of the several States act-
ing tin ough their agent and representative, the Federal Gov-
ernment, who, in fact, acquired the territory In question,
and the Government holds it for their common use until it
shall be associated with the other States as a member of the
Union."
Now, sir, what language can be more plain,
explicit, and unequivocal than that? The Gen-
eral Government cannot release itself from its
character of trustee for all the States, owners in
common of the territory. It cannot even, by del-
egating its limited power over a Territory to a ter-
ritorial government, escape the obligation of duty
to see that the courts have adequate power, and
are held open free, unobstructed, for the citizens
of each and every State, of whatever section, to
assert their rights; and to see that the decisions
of those courts are respected and obeyed, and that
the rights they affirm are enjoyed without let or
hindcrance.
The court further says:
" But the power of Congress over the person or property
of a eiti/.en can never be a mere diseietionary power under
our Constitution and foimof Government. The powers of
the Government, and the lights and privileges of the citizen,
are regulated and plainly defined by the Constitution itself.
And \\ hentheTerntoiy becomes a part of the United States,
the Fedeial Government enters into possession 111 the char-
aetei lmpiesssed upon it by tho.^c who cieated it. It enteis
upon it with its powers over the citizen strictly defined,
and limited by the Constitution, from which ltdeiives its
| own oMhteiK'L', find by value of which alone it continues
; to exist and act a« a government and soveieignty. It has
no powei of any kind beyond it; and it cannot, when it
enters a Tciritorv of the United States, put off its charac-
ter, and asMimo diseietionniy or despotic powers which the
Con-titution has denied to it. It cannot create foi itself a
new character separated from the citizens of the United
States, and the duties it owes them under the provisions of
the Constituj ion. The Termor} being a part of the United
States, the Government and tne citizen both enter it under
the authouty of the Constitution, with their respective
lights defined and inaikrd out; and the Fedeia! Govern-
ment can exeicise no power over Ins person or property,
beyond what that instalment confers, nor lawfully deny
any iiaht which it has icseived." * * * *
"Thus the rights of property are united with the rights
of person, and placed on the same giound by the fifth amend-
ment to the Constitution, which piovides that no peison
-hall be depuved of life, liberty, and property, without due
ptoeessof law. And an act of Congiess which deprives
a citizen of the United States of his liberty or property,"
meiely because he came himself, or brought his property,
into a"particular Teiritory of the United "States, and who
had committed 110 offense against the laws, could hardly
be dignified with the name of due process of law."
" The powers over person and property, of which we
speak, are not only not gianted to Cougie:>s,hut are in ex-
press terms denied, and they are forbidden.to exercise them.
And this prohibition is not confined to the States, but the
words are general, and extend to the whole teiritory over
which the Constitution gives it power to legislate, includ-
ing those poitiori-s of it remaining under terntorial govern-
ment, as well as that eov 'ied by State.?. It is a total ab-
sence of power everywncre within the dominion of the
United Statu-, and places the citizens of a Territory, so far
as these nghts are concerned, on the same footing with cit-
izen-, of the State?, and guards them as firmly and plainly
against any inroads which the General Government might
attempt, under the plea of implied or incidental powers.
And it Congress itself cannot do this—if it is beyond the
poweis conleired on the Federal Government—it will be
admitted, we presume, that it could nor authoii/.e a terri-
torial government to exetcise them. It could confer no
power 011 any local government, established by its author-
ity, to violate the piovisioas of the Constitution.
It seems, however, to be supposed, that there i< a dif-
ference between property in a slave and other property,
and that different rules may be applied to it in expounding
the Constitution of the United States. And the laws and
usages of nations, and the writings of eminent juusts upon
the iclation of master and slave and their mutual rights
and duties, and the powei- winch Governments may exer-
cise over it, have been dwelt upon m the aigument.
" Bur 111 considering the question before us, it must be
borne in mind that theie 1- no law of nations standing be-
tween the people of the United States and their Govern-
ment, and interfering with their relation to each othei. The
powers of the Government, ami the rights of the citizen
under it, e.ro positive and practical regulations plainly v, rit-
ten down. The people of the United State- have delegated
to it certain cnumeiatcd powers, and forbidden it to exer-
cise otheis. It has no power over the peisou or propel ty of
n citizen but what the citizens of the TTiut'-d States have
granted. And no laws of usages of othei nations, or rea-
soning ot statesmen or jurists upon the 1 elation of master
and slave, can enlarge the powei> of the Government, or
take from the citizens the rights they have reserved. Jind
