THE CONGRESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGilESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. BIVES, WASHINGTON, I>. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 1, 1860.
New Series Nfo. 157,
make any objection to giving a portion to the
Argus. The witness supposes it was on that they
went on and made the diversion which caused
all the difficulty. The witness, Mr. Baker, con-
versed, at various times, with the President about
the Post Office blank printing, and the President
never intimated to him that he approved or dis-
approved of the diversion.
Mr. Balcer further testifies that after the diffi-
culty between Rice and Wendell, in the fail and
winter of 1858-59. Rice thought he had been de-
frauded out of his dues, and could not carry on
the paper, and desired to sell. Before any one
could be found to purchase the Pennsylvaman, it
was necessary to ascertain whether there was any
prospect of obtaining the printing of the Post Of-
fice blanks for the pui chaser of the Pennsylvania!*.
The witness came to "Washington, and desired to
have a contract made for two years. The Post-
master General declmcd making a contract, on the
ground that he would notforestallany action Con-
gress might take in changing the law. Wendell
offered to pay to the Pennsylvanian $15,000 a
year, if he could obtain the contract; and an ar-
rangement was made between Wendell and the
witness, both of whom had just been together to
the Post Office Department, and seen the Postmas-
ter General, by which Wendell was to have the
printing of the blanks, and was to pay $1,000 a
month to the Pennsylvanian, commencing on the
15th of January, 1859, and on the 15th of each
month thereafter. The witness testifies that when
the first payment became due, Wendell refused to
pay, on the ground that Congress might repeal the
law. But when the negotiation was commenced
for the sale or transfer of the Union, which was
in March, 1859, the proprietor of the Pennsylva-
nian insisted that Wendell should pay,and Wen-
dell was so anxious to get clear of the Union that
he paid $2,000 of the amount due. This, accord-
ing to the arrangemen t made, would be the monthly
payments to the purchaser of the Pennsylvanian
for January 15 and February 15, 1859. After the
payment of the $2,000, the witness understood
from Wendell and General Bowman that Wen-
dell was to pay §20,000 out of the printing of the
Post Officc blanks. $10,000 of which was to go to
the Pennsylvanian, and £10,000 to the Union.
The whole testimony leaves no doubt that
large sums of money drawn from the Treasury
to pay for executive printing and binding, and
especially these Post Office blanks, was, by ar-
rangements between the Administration and the
Printer, paid to support the publication of the
Union (now the Constitution) m this city, and of
the Pennsylvanian and the Argus, in the city of
Philadelphia. And the amount of money drawn
for post bilk was enormously increased beyond
the amount contemplated by law, by giving two
or three, or half a dozen, orders a day for blanks,
instead of one a day or one a week, and auditing
an allowance for composition of the form, or set-
ting up the types, every time an order was issued,
when there was in fact no composition or reset-
ting of the types, but the same forms stood for
years—the only Post Office blanks in which
there was any change of the form being the post
bills, on which the name of the post office and
the nameof the postmaster was printed. In these
bills these names only were changed; and the law
of 1852 (volume 10, page 34, Statutes at Large)
declares the prices that shall be paid for printing
post bills shall be at the rate of one dollar for a
thousand sheets, and that nothing shall be allowed
for altering post bills when the change consists in
the mere change of the postmaster's name. The
change of the name of the post office was made
the pretext for payingcomposition on every order.
To illustrate the manner in which the amount
of money drawn for post bills was swelled, I
quote from the testimony of John Heart, the
present Superintendent of the Public Printing.
Mr. Heart testifies, page 256:
" Question. You have presented, at the request of the
committee, an oider from the Department; how do you
compute the compositions to the Printer upon that order?
u Witness. For the Post Office blanks?
"Mr. King.. Yes, sir.
157
" Answer. At one dollar per thousand sheets and one
composition, or the price of composition for one sheet on
every order.
" Question. How many orders wore received from the
Post Office Department by the Superintendent's office on
the day the one was received that you have presented ?
Answer. Six, I think.
" Question. Could the printing have been executed if all
this piintiw? contained in the six orders had been included
in one order?
Ansuer. Yes, t>ir.
" Question. Just as well?
(i Answer. Much more economically to the Government,
but not so profitably to the Printer.
" Question. Can you conveniently state the difference
between the prices for these six orders, computing them as
sepaiate orders, and computing them also as one order?
** Answer. I would boouci send lor the account, but I will
say that there would be sixty-fne dolkus saved on the six
orders if they had all been in one; that N, there would
have been the allowance for five compositions saved.
" Question. Can you vciy readily compute and utato how
much was paid lor the six oiders, and how much would
have been the price it all had been m one order?
" Answer. Without any allowance for t/ouipufcition, these
six orders would have eo«?t $13 15; if they had all been
comprised m one ordei they would have co: t §26 15; their
actual covt was $91 15.
l' Question. T will ask you if these six order for thatone
day weie much larger than the average number received
in a day?
" Answer. Three would be about the average; two or
thioe it. about the usual number, and bix is a larger num-
ber than usual."
From May 6, 1855, to January 16, 18C0, there
was paid out, on composition for orders for post
bills, $557,733; for press-work, $,20,084 15. The
composition was constructive servicc, never ren-
dered in fact; and for its amount depended en-
tirely upon the number of orders issued, and not
upon the law fixing the price, nor upon the quan-
tity or quality of the piinting—$57,733 for con-
structive service, to $20,084 15 for actual printing.
The number of orders was determined by the
Post Office Department.
J ohn C. Rives testifies (page 224) that he printed
the Post Office blanks for many years, and never
charged for composition upon them, because it
was a permanent job, in which the forms, with
one original composition, would last for years.
Mr. Rives also testified that he was consulted by
the committee that framed the printing law of 1852
as to priecs, and that he gave his opinion that the
price for printing post bills should be one dollar,
and no more, for a thousand sheets. No contriv-
ance by which money could be drawn from the
Treasury under color of law could be more fla-
grant than the mode by which the profits for the
Post Office blanks were swelled to such enormous
proportions, and a fund provided out of which
the money came that was paid by the dnection
of the Administration to the Union, the Pennsyl-
vania!}, and the Philadelphia Argus, newspapers.
The profits were created by allowance for con-
structive composition, and by dividing the print-
ing ordered daily into several orders, and multiply-
ing the constructive composition by^the number
of orders. The enormous rates paid, and the
profit upon the actual cost of the printing done in
the PostOffice blanks, have been practically shown
in another way.
Since this investigation was ordered, and the
corruptions connected with the public printing be-
gan to be exposed, the law has been changed, and
the printing of these blanks has been let to the
lowest bidder, by the direction of a section inserted
in the Post Office deficiency bill, passed during
the present session. Joseph T. Crowell, a prac-
tical printer, residing at Railway, New Jersey,
who for some years last past had been the actual
printer of these blanks, and Mr. Thomas, a mem-
ber or foreman of the firm of Messrs. Jewetrfe
Co., of the Commercial Advertiser, Buffalo, who
had also, in former years, been actual punters of
these blanks, were among the bidders. Crowell,
in his bid, offered to print them at ninety-three
per cent, deduction from the prices paid for print-
ing for the Executive Departments, or for seven
cents on the dollar of those prices, Thomas un-
derbid him, and took the printing at ninety-four
and one fourth per cent, deduction from, or at five
and three fourth cents on the dollar of the prices
paid for executive printing,
By the testimony of Mr, Heart, the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, it appears that th.ere
are portions of the executive printing more profit-
able than the printing of the Post Office blanks
were under the late extravagant rates. The facts
disclosed require no comment. Public officers
who practice, sustain, or sanction such abuses are
unworthy of public trust.
The committee were also instructed to inquire
whether any, and if any, what amount was levied
upon or paid out of the profits or earnings of the
public printing for other purposes. The amount
paid for the support of newspapers, out of the
prices of the executive printing, is small in com-
parison to the aggregate amount paid for other
purposes out of the profits of all the public print-
ing. Mr. Heart, the Superintendent, testifies,
(pages 306,307:)
"The present mode of executing the public printing was
adopted on the 2btii of August, 18o2. For some yeans pre-
vious the work had been exccutcd by contract; but Mr. A.
Boyd Hamilton having failed in the execution of his con-
tract in tiie midst of the session, Congress.abolished tb«
contract system, which had not worked satisfactorily, and
established the superintendency of printing. General Arm-
strong was elected Printer, and, as the books of the office
show, received for Senate printing, $24,930, and for lious$
punting, $44,092 86. ' •
"For the Thirty-Third Congress, Mr. Beverly Tucker waa
electcd Printer to the Senate, and General Armstrong to tho
House. During this Congress the law, so far as it directed
the printing ol'hoth Houses to be executed by the Printer of
the bodv lirst oidering it, was repealed. General Arra-
stiong died during his tcim of office, and Mr. Nicholson was
elected to succeed htm.
"For the Thirty-Fouith Congicss, Mr. Nicholson ww
electcd Printer to the Senate, and Mr. Wendell to the
House. The printing for both Ilouses was executed at Mr.
Wendeira olhce.
"For the Thirty-Fifth Congress Mr. Harris was elected
Printer to the Senate, and Mr. Steadman to the House.
The printing of both blanches was again executed at Mr.
Wendell's office.
" For the Thirty-Sixth Congress, General Bowman was
electcd Piinter to the Senate on the 17th of January, and
Mr. Fovd Printer to the House on the 2d of March, upon
the eighteenth vote. The printing for the Senate is being
executed at the office of Mr. Hives, and for the House, by
Lareombe & Knglish, at the officc formerly occupied by
Mr. Wendell."
Mr. Heart continues:
" Jt will be thus perceived that, since 1852, there have
been no less than eight persons elected Printers to Con-
gress, and ofthese but three had the requisite buildings ant}
materials for the execution of the work. Of necessity, the.
work was fanned out to third parties, at a reduced price;
varying from twenty to thirty-three-and one third per cent,
on the existing prices. The difference on the entire amount
paid by the public to the Printers elect, and the sum paid
by them to those who actually executed the work may J>$
safely, and even moderately, estimated at $250,000 on the
congressional printing alone^ excluding paper and binding J
while the amount paid as bonuses for the execution of tho
executive piinting may be estimated at at least $150,'COO.
Foi these $400,000 no equivalent services were rendered,
the actual Printer geneially having a power of attorney
from the nominal one, and representing him in every par-
ticular.
"The following is « statement of the sums paid for con-
gressional printing since, anft including a part of, the
Thiity Second Congress:
Senate. Jlouic.
32d Congress, (ii>t session $14,839 11 §25,622 90
32d Congress, sccond session.... 24,930 71 ^4,092 8b
33d Congress, first session  58,972 26 91 ,£79 21
33d Congress, second session.... 110,224 60 135,227 Oa
34th Congress, first ancl second ~ _
sessions....  81,567 46 142,522 02
34th Congress, third session..... 54,859 17 91,403 iiO
33th Congress, first session  56,646 ji 101,413 28
35th Congress, second session... 43,<80 si oy
$445,820 27 §720,560 18
This statement of the Superintendent isfor print-
ing only, exclusive of the cost of paper and bind-
ing. By Mi. Wendell's testimony, (page 312,) it
appears that the congressional binding for the
Thirty-Third, Thirty-Fourth, and Thirty-Fifth
Congresses, amounted, in the aggregate, to the
sum of $1,072,062 50. The executive printing for
the same time was, in the aggregate, $374,772 28;
and the executive binding, estimated for the six
years, was §230,120.
Prom a statement which I obtained from Mr.
Heart, the Superintendent of Public Printing, it
appears that the average annual expenditure for
printing, paper, maps, plates, and binding, for
Congress and the Executive Departments, has
been about§900,000 a year for the last six years.
