1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$88
no!"] which recommended to the non-slavehold-
ing population of the South no intercourse with
slaveholders; a book revolutionary in its cfiarac-
. ter; a book which urges upon the southern States
murder, rapine, and everything known to the
whole calendar of crime. We do it that our con-
stituents may know that the Republican party
have presented as their candidate for Speaker of
this House Mr. John Sherman, of Ohio, against
whom I say nothing personal, but who has in-
dorsed this book, and who, when called upon,
took shelter behind the miserable subterfuge that
the resolution of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Clark] was offensive; and he and all the
indorsers of that book have kept a studied, yea, a
contemptuous silence in regard to whether they
stand by that recommendation, instead of getting
up like men, and saying they desired nothing of"
that sort. You yourselves have failed either to
affirm that recommendation or to repudiate it.
With such a state of things presented to us,
what,do you ask us to do ? You ask us to permit
you by the mere forcc of numbers, to enable a
minority of this House to place in the Speaker's
chair a man who stands by his recommendation,
so far as we have any evidence from him. What
is the state of the case to-day? You conccde that
you have not the numbers to elect by a majority;
you concede that the usage has been to elect by
a majority. [A voice, " Not always.''] But you
concedc it is the general law upon this subject;
and you ask us to-day, by indirect means, to en-
able you to forcc upon us a rule which will enable
a minority of this House to elect its Presiding Offi-
cer. In response to that, I tell you that, when you
do it with such a man, you will find that, it can
only begone after we have exhausted all parlia-
mentary means to avoid such a result.
Mr. COLFAX. Still the gentleman has not
answered my question; but 1 will not press it
further.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. 1 will answer the gentle-
man.
Mr. COLFAX. I will repeat the question.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the gentleman yield
to me ? This debate places me m a position as if
I were recommending to the House the adoption
of the plurality rule. I did not do any such thing.
I repeat what I have said dozens of times upon
this floor, that I believe that rifle to be unconsti-
tutional, and that I shall oppose it by all parlia-
mentary and legitimate means. I said I would
have nothing in'the world to do with the plurality
rule; and if my proposition were earned out it
would leave the gentlemen in the same position
to oppose the plurality rule that they now occupy.
My proposition was that we should come to a
vote upon the resolution offered by the gentlemnn
from Missouri, and that everything upon the
Clerk's tabic be withdrawn until we reach that
resolution, with the understanding that the first
question should be upon striking out Mr. Clark's
resolution, in order to bring us to a direct vote on
that, and not on the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mi. Gilmer.]
Mr. GAR.NETT. I gave notice m the early
part of the session that 1 would offer a proposi-
tion to amend the amendment of Mr. Gilmer, by ,
adding to Mr. Clark's resolution Mr. Gilmer's :
resolution, with a slight change of phraseology, i
I do not know that I have any objection, so far as ;
I remember, to Mr. Gilmer's resolution; but I i
insist that the House shall be brought to a direct |
vote upon Mr. Clark's resolution. j
Mr. WINSLOW. I would not have interfered j
with this matter at all, but that I thought if my
proposition should meet the approbation of gen-
tlemen upon all sides, a day might be fixed upon
for the vote; and every member having notice of
it would be here.
Mr. BURNETT. The agreement I referred to
is in these words merely: that we arc resolved, by
all parliamentary tactics, strategy, and means,
known to the Constitution and law, to resist the
adoption of the plurality rule, so long as^ it is
necessary to prevent the election of John Sher-
man. or any other indorscr of the Helper book,
to the Speaker's chair. _ .
Mr. McQJQEEN. I will say, in addition to
what has been said by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that we have resolved to do that, so long
as neccssary to defeat the election of a Black Re-
publican for Speaker who has indorsed the Helper
book; and that we will persist in that, if neces-
sary, to the 4th of March, 1861; and I tell gentle-
men that a large number of members have sub-
scribed to that agreement. I say further, that by
the terms of that agreement, we are determined to
resist the adoption of the plurality rule, and that
men as true to their country as any that can be
found anywhere, will exhaust all the parliament-
ary means to protect the South from the degradation
and disgrace of placing over our heads any man
who has, directly or indirectly, recommended the
Helper book. And I say it will not do for your
canaidatc now to disclaim it. If he had disclaimed
it before its infamous teachings had produced the
raid of John Brown into Virginia, and innocent
blood had been spilled on southern soil, there
would have been something in it, but I would not
respect it now. We will exhaustall parliament-
ary means to defeat the election of such a man.
Mr. COLFAX. Did the gentleman from South
Carolina apply the word infamous to me?
Mr. McQ.UEEN. I applied it with regard to
the doctrines of that book.
Mr. COLFAX. But I understood you to apply
it personally.
Mr. McQ,TTFEN. Oh, no; I did not intend to
apply it personally. It is not my habit; but when
you come to that book, and the doctrines of your
party in connection with it, I do say they are infa-
mous and treasonable.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 ask the gentleman whether
he will inform us as to the number of the signers
of that resolution; or, if it is a private matter not
intended for the public ear, I will not push the
inquiry ?
Mr. McQJJEEN. I do not recognize the right
of the gentleman to ask the question; but I have
no hesitation in saying that that instrument was
drawn up by me, and was handed by me to gen-
tlemen here, but not to be carried to the Repub-
lican party. That is all I can, at present, say
about it.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I wish to say a
word in explanation.
Mr. GROW. Oh, let us get back to the point
we were discussing.
Mr. LAMAR. If the gentleman from Indiana
will allow me, I will give him the information he
was seeking.
Mr. COBFAX. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. McQueen] says he does not recog-
nize my right to have it.
Mr. McGtUEEN. I do not recognize the gen-
tleman's right; but let the gentleman answer me
this question. I want to know how the gentle-
man got his information if the thing was private?
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot now remember, sir.
I desire to ask the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Lamar,] who offers to answer, how many
members of the Democratic party have signed that
resolution; and also, whether they include our
northwestern friends?
Mr. LAMAR. I will answer the gentleman
frankly and explicitly; first, that I do not know
how many signatures were attached to it. In re-
gard to the second question, I am pretty certain
that the name of no northwestern Democrat was
attached to it. Thot is my impression. I wish
to say, however, that T signed a document of the
sort which recommended, as I supposed, some
cooperation among southern men to prevent the
adoption of the plurality rule by all parliamentary
tactics heretofore recognized and adopted by ail
parties.
Mr. COLFAX. And dors not the gentleman
from Mississippi understand that that includes
this: that jf the plurality rule is moved and is pro-
posed to be put by the Clerk, cver^ if he were
aware that a majority of the House desired to end
this imbroglio by the adoption of the plurality
rule, he would resist it by parliamentary tactics
to the end ?
Mr. H1NDMAN. At all hazards, and to the
last extremity.
Mr. LAMAR. I say to the gentleman that the
resolution to which he alludes commits us to no
such thing. Whether it is my purpose to pursue
that course or not, the gentleman will ascertain
when the contingency arises. It depends upon
the necessity which may be upon us.
f desire to say one other word to the gentle-
man, and that is that there is a difference between
the character of our circulation of the Helper sen-
timents and that of the gentlemen of his party.
We circulate them, invoking for them public ex-
ecration. You indorse them, commending them
to the public confidencc and approval. <
Mr. COLFAX. That is a mistake.'
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man from Indiana permit me?
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I am one of that
number who after a carcful consideration of the
question believe the plurality rule to beunconstitu-
tional: therefore I never can vote for it. Further-
more—and speaking for myself alone, as a west-
ern Democrat—I concur in the declaration of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Branch,]
yesterday, that so long afc a resolution proposing
the plurality rule is out of order and contrary to
the parliamentary law by which we are governed,
I will resist by all known and usual parliamentary
tactics, resorted to heretofore by all parties, the
adoption of any such resolution. But I add fur-
ther, th$t whensoever in order, and consistently
with the acknowledged rules which govern delib-
erative assemblies, gentlemen who arc favorable
to it can offer the proposition, then, so far as I am
individually concerned, after exhausting all legit-
imate debate, I will interpose no further or dila-
tory resistance to a vote upon such proposition.
In regard to the paper to which allusion has
been made, it was presented to me for my signa-
ture, and I respectfully declined. Whether it was
limited to the case I have suggested, 1 do not
remember; but whether so limited or not, that
fact would have made no difference as to my
declination. I am accustomed to make up my
own mind as to the course of public duty whicu
it is incumbent upon me to pursue; and to pursue
it without any compact or pledge to or with others.
I am answerable to my constituents, and to them
■ alone, for my public conduct.
| Having, in these few words, defined my posi-
| tion, not upon a question of local State politics,
i which ought never to be introduced here, but
\ \ upon a matter having reference to the business of
j; the House m its unorganized state, I have said
j, all that I desire to say.
Mr. COLFAX, t desire to add right hero, that
he [Mr. Vallandigham] is the first gentleman
on the Democratic side of the House who has
made that concession, that I have heard, so far.
Mr. PENDLETON. I wish to say that I
concur with the position of my colleague, [Mr.
Yallandigiiam.] That is my position, and, so
far as I know, the position of northwestern Dem-
ocrats.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 wish to say that
| the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr."VViNs-
, low,] who made the proposition that all motions
| introduced subsequent to the introduction of my
resolution should be withdrawn, and a vote be
; taken directly upon that, had consulted me upon
j the subject, and I gave my consent to that propo-
i sition. But I did so, Mr. Clerk, not proposing
I to commit myself in any way, or to give up my
! resistance, m any form, to the adoption of the plu-
f rality rule. I believe it, as I said before, to be
unconstitutional, and I never will vote for it. I
| will resist it to the utmost of my power under the
; parliamentary law.
, Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman state
! whether he will allow the motion to be put to
| the House?
J Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will further state,
! that my object in giving my consent to the propo-
; sition of the gentleman from North Carolina was
i to get an cxpicssion of the sense of the House as
1 to the fitness or unfitness of the gentleman from
i Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to be Speakerof this House,
1 or any other gentleman who signed the Helper
[ book. I hope to get an expression of the sense
i of the House whether any one who signed that
: book and recommends its doctrines, is fit to be
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
I wish to say a word to the gentleman from
Indiana in regard to his remarks about the circu-
lation of these sentiments. Sir, I know that book
has been circulated, and the circulation increased
by the action of the American Congress; but it is
precisely on the same principle with the circula-
tion of a knowledge of any other plot for treason,
or to destroy life, property, or liberty, contained
in the form of a book, or m the form of an agree-
ment secretly or publicly made. Whenever the
person perpetrating the deed, or advising the per-
petration of it, is brought before the country for
trial, you have, as a matter of course, to make
