2498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Pov the Thirty-Fourth Congress, Wendell was
elected Printer for the House, and A. O. P. Nich-
olson for the Senate. To obtain the printing of
the Senate, which he executed, Wendell took two
thirds of the price paid from the Treasury, and
Nicholson had one third, amounting to the sum
of #47,533 27.
For the Thirty-Fifth Congress, ending March
3, 1859, W. A. Harris was elected Printer for the
Senate, and James B.Steadman was elected Printer
for the House. Wendell executed the printing
for both Houses, and paid out, of the prices re-
ceived from the Treasury to W. A. Harris, nearly
$27,000; and to Steadman and his associates, up-
wards of §50,000.
During the Thirty-Fourth Congress, the exec-
utive printing was given to A. O. P. Nicholson.
Wendell executed the printing; and out of the
prices drawn from the Treasury, Nicholson had
one third, amounting to $50,961 01. During the
Thirty-Fifth Congress, the executive prill ting was
given to W. A. Harris; and for this Wendell, who
executed the printing, paid $10,700 to the Penn-
sylvanian and $7,150 to the Argus and Constitu-
tion, besides supporting the Union prior to its
transfer to Bowman.
Here is |193,344 28 in cash allowed to the per-
sons who were elected Printers to Congress, and
to certain newspapers, and paid by Wendell, who
executed the printing, out of the prices drawn from
the Treasury during the four years ending March
3,1859, besides the support of the Union while it
was published by Wendell after Harris left it,
during the Thirty-Fifth Congress, which, for the
two years, may be estimated at from twenty to
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Besides these large sums paid by the Printer
who executed the printing as bonus for the con-
tracts, large sums were paid out of the printing
money to be expended in elections to influence
their results. Mr. Wendell testifies (page 2G) that
he contributed, directly or indirectly, $100,000 dur-
ing the four years; and Mr. Wendell, during the
four years ending March, 1859, executed the pub-
lic printing. He contributed for different con-
gressional districts in Pennsylvania, for the elec-
tions—in Colonel Florence's district,|2,200; ill
J. Glancy Jones's district, $1,000, but Jones was'
defeated; in Mn.i.ward's district, $500. He also
contributed in White's, Riley's, and Landy's dis-
tricts. Mr. Wendell testifies that it was known
to the Executive Departments that he was a con-
tributing agent; that the President, was cognizant
of the fact that he was spending money liberally,
though he never mentioned to him the exact amount
in any particular district. He said he had on his
books an item of SI ,500 which he contributed in
New York; that he went up the river, and con-
tributed, among others, in Mr. Nevins's district:
that he also contributed in New Jersey, and some
small amounts in Maryland. And Mr. Wendell
testifies that, without this public printing, he
would not have been able to make the contribu-
tions he did.
Sylvester J. Megargce, of Philadelphia, (pages
97, 98,) in reply to a telegraphic dispatch from
Wendell, shown to him by Dr. Morwitz, drew
upon Wendell for $2,000. '1 he draft was paid; and
upon consultation with Dr. Morwitz, Megargee
put the money in an envelope, and handed it to
Mr. Baker, the collector of the port. Other tes-
timony elsewhere shows that this was money sent
by Wendell to the Pennsylvanian. The following
is a part of Mr. Magargee's testimony:
u Question. Did you receive ;my money foi political pur-
poses in Pennsylvania or New Jersey from Mr. Wendell?
" Witness. Am I lealiy compelled "to imwer mic.1i ques-
tions?
" Mr. Kennedy. 1 think it is within the scope of the
inquiry.
" The committee thought the question was a propei one,
and that it should be answered.
"■Jlmwer. 1 did, Mr, icecive money at various times (for
political purposes.
" Qterifioii. Weie those moneys expended for the pro-
motion of liic intei ests of the Demoeiatie party?
" JlMTCr. Not all ol them. Some of it was used for a
thiul party, whieh was organized to divert votes t'rom wii.it
was known as 1 the People's party' with us. The <Peo- |
pie's patty' was in opposition to the Democratic party. We |
did not k.iuw there tile patty organized as ; tile Republican |
party.' The opposition to tin: Democratic party was called
'the People's paity;' and to dtveit votes fiom that party, j
tile thud party was organized. The object was to divide !
the 1 People's partj .' j
u Q-ncAiori . Was such a third party organized ? i
kt Jlnsuei. Yes, sit.
" Question. Did you believe that was necessary to the \
success of the Democratic party? i
"Amwer. We certainly did, or we should not have given
them the money.
" Question.. What."was that third party called ?
" Answer. The straight American party; the ' straight-
outs.' *
" Question. Yon speak both of Pennsylvania and New
Jersey?
'• Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. And of those States only?
"Answer. Yes, sir; of those only."
The committee were further directed to inquire
whether any member of the Cabinet, or other of-
ficer of the Government, was abetting or privy to
any contract, understanding, or levy, for the pay-
ment, or to the payment, out of the proceeds of
the public printing for the support of newspapers,
or other purposes. The testimony shows, unde-
niably, that the payments made by Wendell to the
newspaper now called the Constitution, and for-
merly called the Union,to the Pennsylvanian,and
to the Philadelphia Argus, were known and as-
sented to by the President, and that the contract
or understanding between Wendell and Bowman,
for the payments to the Constitution and the Penn-
sylvanian, were made with the concurrence and
upon the advice of the Attorney General, and Mr.
Appleton, the Assistant Secretary of State. The
conclusion is justified, from all the testimony, that
Mr. Wendell, in the contributions which he made
from the proceeds of the printing for party pur-
poses, actcd as the agent and friend, with the
knowledge and concurrence, of the Administra-
tion. The Senate may have no power to insti-
tute proceedings for the punishment of these ex-
travagant and corrupt expenditures of the public
money beyond their exposure to the just condem-
nation of public opinion; but whatever power
exists to terminate them, and correct such abuses,
should be promptly exerted.
The law seems to have been no obstacle to the
accomplishment of any purpose the Administra-
tion or a caucus of the party desiicd. The law
forbids the SuperintendentofPublic Printing hav-
ing any interest in the printing. Yet Bowman,
while he was Superintendent, received a transfer
of the Union from Wendell, the actual Printer,
without paying anything for it; and by a bargain
made with "Wendell, with the sanction of the Ad-
ministration, Bowman was to receive $10,000 a
year from Wendell out of the profits of the ex-
ecutive printing so long as Wendell was allowed
to have the printing. Indeed, in this arrangement
the Administration was a third party, though not
expressly named as such in the contract, its offi-
cers participating in making and fixing the terms
of the contract, and holding the power to con-
tinue or terminate the contract at will, by contin-
uing or withholding the executive printing from
Wendell. The caucus that nominated Bowman
for Printer had knowledge of the transactions of
Bowman and Wendell. The statements of both
the parties weie before the caucus when the nom-
ination was made, yet Bowman was nominated
and voted for and elected in the Senate to the
office of Printer.
The law forbids the sale or transfer of the office
of Printer; yet, as soon as ho was elected to the
office, Bowman transfers the printing to John C.
Rives to execute the work, without any expense
to Bowman; Hives to have two thirds,and Bow-
man one third, of the Government price—Bow-
man receiving for his office, at a moderate esti-
mate, fioin eighty to a hundred thousand dollars
for the Senate and executive printing during the
Congress.
The committee examined into the prices and
manner of printing the State Papers by Gales &
Seaton, under a law of Congress passed in 1858,
and find similar extravagance ill the price of
printing, and the same practice of sub-letting as
prevails in the congressional printing. Wendell
here, too, is the contractor to do the work for a
percentage of the money drawn from the Treas-
ury, and Gales & Seaton have a percentage for
the privilege of the job.
The committee also extended its inquiries to
the House of Representatives, and it appears
from the testimony that at the present session
there was delay and difficulty in the choice of a
Printer for that House, the cause for which may
undoubtedly be found in the large profits expected
by the competitors to bo derived from the print-
ing. One of the Republican candidates offered,
if he should be chosen, to give half the profits of
the printing to the Republican executive commit-
tee, to be expended in documents for gratuitous
distribution. The committee promptly rejected
the proposition, and refused to have anything to
do with the candidate or his offer. Although this
candidatewasvotedforseveraldays in the House,
he was set aside; and it was assigned as a rea-
son for setting him aside that he had made such
a proposition, and another man was chosen by the
Republicans to the office of Printer for the House.
But he had no printing ofiice; and the printing for
the House was sub-let, and is now done at the
large printing office of Wendell, now in other
hands.
The committee were also instructed to inquire
and report what reduction ought to be made in
the prices now paid for public printing. The
printing can be done for one half it has cost at
the rates that have been paid for it. But the pres-
ent system gives so much discretionary power
to vary the profits, by the manner of making the
orders, that it should be changed. Giving out
the printing to the lowest bidder, who will give
security to execute the work in the time and man-
ner it is required to be done, is a means of se-
curity against such frauds and corrupt profits
and expenditures, as have been realized under the
present system. Open and free competition in
the bids is a means of preventing favoritism in
giving out the work; and although some of the
witnesses, who have had great experience in con-
nection with the public printing, recommend a
Government printing office, I think free competi-
tion to the bidders, and giving the work to the
lowest bidder, the best system for security against
fraud, favoritism, or extravagance.
I will not now go into the merits of the resolu-
tions presented by the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the full and
elaborate discussion of this subject in the report
of the committee, and in the speech of the hon-
orable Senator from New York, the chairman of
the committee, relieves me from the necessity of
going into the details, even if the little time at my
disposal and the important business pressing upon
us did not warn me that 1 could not expect to be
listened to with patience. Yet, as these authorities
differ so widely, I feel it incumbent on me, as the
only member of the committee who has neither
expressed himself in the report or in the Senate,
to say enough to make my position understood.
The facts developed by this investigation, al-
though highly important and demanding prompt
and thorough consideration, can hardly be called
startling; for they were more than suspected;
some of them were asserted, and not denied, in
advance of the investigation. Indeed, it was the
assertion of these facts in the speech of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi that led to the investigation.
It has long been understood that it costs the suc-
cessful competitor for the Public Printing quite
as much to put the machinery for his election in
motion, and'to keep it in motion to buy off his
rivals and to settle the claims growing out of the
contest, as it does to perform the work for which
he is paid. He may consider himself fortunateif,
after all these expenses are liquidated, and all
these arrangements perfected, he finds himself
entitled to receive one half the gross amount that
he receipts for. The printing is seldom eiven to
a mail who has the practical information or 1 lie
mechanical facilities for carrying it on. Such
men do not commend themselves to the caucus.
The Printer generally sub-lets his contract,pays
a portion of the money to the man who does the
work, and retains the balance to compensate him-
self for the cost of obtaining the office, and for his
own profit. Atprescntthe Senate printing lsdone
for sixty-seven per cent, of the prices paid by
the Government. The nominal Printer receives
thirty-three per cent, for doing nothing except
daily walking through the office where the work
is done, very much as the Japanese go through
the. navy-yard. Of course, the sub-contractor
would be quite as willing to contract directly with
the Government, and thus save to the Treasury
one third of the costofthe punting. The Printer
of the House sub-lets his contract at eighty per
ij cent, of the price paid by the Government, and
11 this is equally divided between the proprietor of
11 the establishment where the printing is done, and
] the men who do it. So that forty per cent, is paid
for doing the work, forty per cent, for the use of
the materials, and twenty per cent, to the Printer,
who does nothing.
If the evil stopped here, it would atill be so
