1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
be, and the same are hereby, extended for the time ofpa}*-
ment to the space of two years; and that if, at or before
the termination wf the two years, the preemptor shall elect
to pay for any legal subdivision of such quarter section, the
balance not thus paid for shall be subject fo private entry
according to existing laws. _
It will be seen at once that this proposes a change
in the preemption law. The preemption law now
is, that the land must be paid for in one year.
This gives two. The preemption law authorizes
a preemptor to take possession of one quarter
section; and he must pay for all, or forfeit all.
My amendment proposes that he may pay for
even one quarter of a quarter—which forty
acres—and the rest that he does not pay for falls
back, subject to private entry under general laws.
I intend to move this amendment as a substitute
for all that has been called a homestead bill. It
is better for the country, better for the people, and
will result better for the Government. Home-
stead ! That is the popular cry. Who is there
that has the power to make a homestead? Not
the Federal Government; and all this talk about
a homestead in the Federal Congress is a nonen-
tity and an absurdity. The moment that the title
passes out of the Federal Government, the land
is subject to State laws; and I beg my particular
friend from Tennessee to remember, when he talks
about making' a homestead, liow long does it con-
tinue? Just so long as the title remains in the
United States: and the very moment it passes from
the United States to the individual your power
over it ceases. While he is a serf, it is a home-
stead. When the title is vested in him, it is sub-
ject to State law; and, under the judgment and
execution of Tennessee, it may be sold from him
the next day. Homestead ! If the States want
homesteads, let them make them, If Tennessee
desires a homestead, why does she not pass a
homestead law?
Mr. JOHNSON,ofTcnnessee. Shehasdoneit.
Mr. GREEN Very well, lut them cxecute it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. We do.
Mr.GREEN. Youdo. Thatjsall right enough
with your own property, and with your own citi-
zens; but with the property of the United States,
outside of Tennessee, what business have you to
interfere to make homesteads ? This Federal Gov-
ernment was created for certain limited and defi-
nite purposes. The public land belonging to it is
to be administered for the general benefit, to pay
the debts and expenses of the Government; and
now wo have men getting up a proposition to make
homesteads, when, if they are lawyers or sensible
men, they know that the moment the title passes
out of the United States we cannot make it a
homestead, but it becomes subject to the State
laws; and if the State does not choose to exempt
it from execution, it may be sold from under your
grantee the next day after the title passes.
Why call it a homestead? It is a misnomer; it
is a misuse of terms. Homestead! To secure to
a man and his wife and his children a home! Who
can secure it? Nobody but the sovereign power
over the property. Who is that sovereign power ?
The moment the title passes out of the United
States, it is the State; and you would do much
better if you were to go to the several State Le-
gislatures and call on them to pass homestead
laws; but to call on Congress to pass homestead
laws is a contradiction and an absurdity.
Again, if you say that giving men five years'
possession amounts to a homestead, then I an-
swer, we already have a homestead bill in the
shape of the preemption law, which gives one
year's possession; for if five years' possession
amounts to a homestead, pro tanto one year's pos-
session is a homestead, and we have already a
homestead law. Does it secure it to the man, his
wife, and his children,against execution, against
creditors, against money,against influence? Not
one word of it. There is nothing like a home-
stead connected with the whole thing. I will tell
you what it is: first, it is a pandering to a viti-
ated, corrupt public taste; second, it is a dema-
gogue system to court popularity; and third, it
is a deception practiced upon the public mind. I
use terms just as I wish them distinctly to be un-
derstood. Mr. President, I impute motives to
nobody; but these are the probable facts resulting
from the action. We have now a preemption law
that permits any man to go on the public land,
occupy it for twelve months, and then pay for it
and take his home. I am willing to extend the
time of payment to two years; and if he cannot
pay for a whole quarter section, I am willing to
let him pay for a less amount—forty acres, or
eighty acres, or one hundred and twenty acres.
Every man may not be prepared to pay for one
hundred and sixty acres, although he can do that
with $120, for which sum he can buy a land war-
rant; he may not be prepared to pay for eighty
acres, although he can do that for about sixty
dollars; yet he can surely secure his own home
of forty acres; and permit me to remark that forty
acres of good land will support a good family,
raise them in good circumstances, and send them
forth in the world as well as ordinary society will
justify.
Mr. RICE. He has that privilege now.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; and I am willing to
give it to him hereafter. Why give him land and
propose to make it a homestead? Now, what do
we understand by a homestead? A perpetual home
or a temporary home—which do you mean ? I
want gentlemen to speak out, and distinctly inform
the country what they mean. Do you mean a
perpetual home? Is that it? Or a temporary
nome? I ask the Senator from Tennessee to tell
me. Homestead! What do you mean by it?
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTcnnessee. If the Senator
wants me to answer him now, I will do so.
Mr. GREEN. I do.
Mr.JOHNSON, ofTcnnessee. Mr. President,
so far as my views go with reference to the home-
stead question, I am willing to give them now or
at any other time. What I mean by a homestead
is to put a man into the possession of a certain
amount of soil that he may call his home; and, so
far as the Federal Government is concerned, to
protect him from any forced sale or execution so
long as the title remains here. Then I proceed
upon the idea that if the States have not already
provided for ifc, they will commence the policy
where the Federal Government ceases; that they
will, by State legislation, sccure to each individual
a certain amount of soil that he may call his own.
You may denominate it a homestead—the abiding
place of his wife and children—or whatever name
you think proper. The advocates of this bill do
«ot assume any power on the part of the Federal
Government to come into conflict with State au-
thority; but while the title remains in the Federal
Government, until the settler complies with the
condition of the law, it is intended to guaranty
and protect him in the enjoyment of the land
against any debt or contract made prior to the title
passing from the Federal Government to him, pre-
suming that the States where this land lies, and
where the individuals arc, will pursue the same
policy and carry out the same principle of justice.
The same popular sentiment that induces the Fed-
eral Government to adopt the policy here, will
induce the States to take it up and carry it out.
That is what 1 mean by the homestead measure.
Mr. GREEN. He says " the same popular
sentiment." That discloses a wonderful amount
of information. I understand 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Permit me,
in addition, to say, so far as securing homesteads
is concerned, that it is very hard for a State or the
Federal Government to secure one of its citizens in
the enjoyment of that which never existed. There
is one* thing very clear: neither the State nor the
Federal Government can secure a man in the en-
joyment of a home, if he never possesses one.
If he gets one, it must be subject to the operation
of the laws under which he lives.
Mr. GREEN. I understand that, Mr. Presi-
dent. He says, "the same popular sentiment."
There is a wonderful amount of meaning m that.
I see why it is that the trees bend to the gushing
wind. I see why it is that individuals bow to
what they suppose to be popular sentiment. Pop-
ular sentiment! Sir, I will stand by the Consti-
tution of the country against popular sentiment
I will stand up for justice, against the gushin«
wind. I will stand up for what is right, even if
public sentiment is against it. Now, sir, is it
right, or wrong, in this Federal Government, to
do this?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permission
of the honorable Senator, I will say that, in as-
suming any position 1 may assume here, I do not
act in contravention of the Constitution of the
United States. I stand here as the advocate of
popular sentiment, in conformity with the organic
law and the laws that are made in pursuance of it.
I believe the homestead proposition is right; I
believe it is constitutional; and in standing by it, I
believe I stand by the Constitution, and thereby
reflect popular sentiment in accordance with its
provisions.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I am not taken
by surprise by that remark. I had expected the
Senator to say as much; and I have no doubt he
is conscientious in it; but the human mind is so
constituted, and the moral affections and judgment
are so tempered, when brought to bear together,
that when the idea of popular sentiment gets to
bear on them, it too frequently warps the one and
sways the other. I have demonstrated, as 1 think,
that there can be no homestead made by Congress.
There can be an arrangement made for a tempo-
rary occupancy; it maybe for one year or five
years; but as for securing to the occupant a per-
manent home against the powea- of execution under
State laws is utterly impossible; it is beyond the
power of this Government; and it contravenes the
express rights of the several States. Such being:
the case, why call it a homestead ? Why not call
it a gift? It is no homestead; and adopting that
name, and applying it to it, deceives the public;
is a fraud on the public, and is a cheat upon our-
selves. Call it a gift, a donation, a bounty—a
bounty upon terms—upon condition that the donee
occupies the land for five years; but calling it a
homestead perpetrates a fraud on the public; for
it is no homestead. The very moment the title
passes out of the United States it is subject to
State law.
Another question may spring up; and I will
mention it in this connection. Suppose the Fed-
eral Government should say: " We let you hold
it for fifty years, or one hundred years, save one
—ninety-nine." Perhaps, the Federal Govern-
ment would have that power; but would it be good
policy ? Would it not strike at the prosperity of
all the new States of this Union? The real in-
terests of these States consist in vesting the title
in the actual occupants, and permitting them to
improve and extend, according to their energy
and their disposition. This measure, if passed,
at once strikes down your whole railroad system.
There can be no further grants to aid in the con-
struction of railroads; because the land will all be
gone,under the so-called homestead bill. Itisan
act of injustice to the soldiers of the Revolution;
to the soldiers of the war of 1815; to the soldiers
in the Indian wars; to whom bounty land war-
rants have been granted. We have given them;
and if you now pass this bill, those warrants will
not be worth one dollar; for why should any
man buy a land warrant when he can go to the
land and get it without paying a single cent?
But, sir, what is the object of government? Is
it to tax the rich in order to build up the poor? I
have no prejudices against the poor; I am one of
that class myself. But what is the purpose of this
Federal Government? Where are its powers de-
rived from5 From the States. For what purposes ?
To regulate our foreign affairs, and certain speci-
fied limited domestic affairs. Is there within that
limit any grant of power to tax one portion of the
people for the benefit of another? There is not;
and however the Senate may vote, however the
House of Representatives may vote, and however
the public judgment may pronounce, the truth
will stand forever, that this Government has no
power to tax one portion for the benefit of another.
Here is an amount of land bought, paid for out of
the Treasury. That Treasury is replenished by
drawing money from the common mass of the
people. It is now proposed to parcel out the pro-
ceeds of that purchase, and give it to any man who
chooses to go and occupy it. What right have
you to do that? Wherever Government under-
takes to equalize the condition of men, and to tax
the most industrious, and the most thrifty, and
the most economical, and bestow it on the most
worthless, the worst spendthrift, that can be found,
in all such cases you will find that it encourages
neglect, idleness, laziness, and waste, while it dis-
courages industry, enterprise, and energy. The
greatest object of government is protection. It is
the only purpose of government—protection
What do we mean by protection? That every
man shall pursue his own course in his own way,
subject only to the law, and that he shall have the
lawful result of lus own acquisitions. But if lazi-
ness is to be rewarded; if worthlessnessis to be
courted and caressed; if the basest men in the land
are to receive an equal dividend with my own
