1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
exertions, how much will I exert myself, and how
much will other people exert themselves? The
motive is all destroyed; industry is paralyzed; en-
terprise is destroyed, and there will be no future
progress in this Union. Agrarianism will be the
policy—yes, they will want a division every five
years. When these five years expire, the worth-
less men who go on the land and occupy it, when
it becomes subject to execution, as it will be at
the end of five years, and when it is sold, will
then clamor for another division; and if I should
be fortunate enough, or my friend from Oregon
who sits before me [Mr. Lane] should be fortu-
nate enough to have a section of land, they will
demand that we shall divide with them. What
then? Why, perhaps, the Senator from Tennes-
see will say the popular breeze demands that we
should have a second division. Is that to be the
rule of this Government? Suppose the popular
breeze does; I say, that whenever the popular
breeze sets in a wrong direction, we must meet
and repel it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Who are to
be the judges ?
Mr. GREEN. Good sense and honesty.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Who is to ex-
ercise that—the people or the Senate?
Mr. GREEN. The Senate—the people sending
them here.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 say the
people.
Mr. GREEN. I say the Senate, representing
the States of the Union. But they say because
the popular breeze sets in that direction, therefore
you must have a division. J have already shown
to you that the moment thv* first five years expire
it is no longer a homestead, it is subject to the
State law. Missouri will sell it for taxes. Will
not Tennessee do the same thing? Will not Ten-
nessee sell your homestead for taxes ? I want the
Senator to answer me. Suppose they do not pay
taxes: will you not sell the homestead to coerce
the payment of the taxes ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. No, sir.
Mr. GREEN. No part of it?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. No, sir.
Mr GREEN. It is a beautiful state of things—
a homestead seemed, and no taxes to be derived,
and no power to coerce the payment of taxes ! Is
that the system that the Senator desires the Fed-
eral Government to inaugurate? No taxes to be
collected from these landless creatures; but they !
are to squat upon the public land, be protected by :
the Federal Government, pay no taxes, perform !
no duty, subject to no law, subject to no execu- i
tion! i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator j
makes his proposition very broad. It sotms to !
me that the Government is generally in a bettor |
condition to do without what is due it than an in- j
dividual is; and if we exempt a homestead from i
the payment of a debt between man and man in ;
the same neighborhood, it would seem to me that !
the Federal Government is competent to get along ■
without collecting taxes from the homesteads of
the settlers. I repeat to the Senator, I would ex-
empt the homestead that gives a man's wife and
children, and himself, an abiding place, from the
payment of ail taxes to the Government, State or
Federal.
Mr. GREEN. Is that the law of Tennessee * ■
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I say the
homestead there is exempt from the payment
of an%description of debt, either to the State or
individuals.
Mr. GREEN. I am not talking aboq£ what a
Siate may do. I admit that a State has rights
which this Federal Government has not. The
States may exempt chuich property from taxa-
tion, as they do; they may exempt school -houfes,
and academies and colleges from taxation, as they
do; but has this Federal Government the poA*er
to exempt a college or academy, located in any
State, from taxation,State or Federal? It cannot j
do it; and I hope, therefore, the Senator will stop
and discriminate, remembering that a State may
do certain things which the Federal Government
cannot do.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would ask
the Senator if most of the States do not exempt
their public buildings, their burial grounds, their
churches, and their benevolent institutions fiom j
taxes? Is not that the custom in all the States ? |
Mr. GREEN. True; exactly as I say. I say |
j the States have a right to do it, and most of them
do; but this Federal Government cannot do the
same thing. Can we sell apiece of land, or give
away a piece of land, and say it shall never be
subject to taxation, and that the party occupying
it shall never be subjected to the payment of taxes
upon it?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would ask
the honorable Senator if the public lands now
lying in the States are subject to taxation ?
Mr. GREEN. They are not subject to taxa-
tion, because there is a special compact made that
; j they should not be until they were sold. But for
that compact, it might be so; but when they arc
,! sold 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 would remind the Sen-
ator also of the fact, that the General Government
gave a large quantity of land to the States in 'ex-
change for that.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; we gave the sixteenth
section, and in some cases the thirty-sixth sec-
tion; we gave seventy-two sections for public
buildings; we gave the salt spring?, and six sec-
tions surrounding them, and various other land
grants, and five per cent, of the proceeds, as a
consideration for not taxing them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Really, I want
to be informed on this subject.
Mr. GREEN. You shall be.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. DoestheScn-
ator concede that the States have authority to tax
; the public lands lying within their limits?
j Mr. GREEN. When you get through, I will
answer.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Has not that
j power been denied again and ogain? It has been
, a matter of agreement in the admission of a State,
! one of the conditions on which she could get in,
that she would not tax the public lands. Has the
power to tax them ever been conceded and ac-
knowledged on the part of this Government?
Mr. GREEN. As the Senator is now through,
I will answer him. I do not choose to answer him
while the Senator is still occupying the floor, pro-
posing to propound other questions. The point j
that he asks does not affect the point I am dis- j
cussing. It was a mooted question, a disputed j
question, whether, m the absence of these stipu-
lations, a State would have the right to tax the
lands of the United States. To avoid dispute,it
has been uniformly adjusted at the time of the
admission of the State by the contract to which
the Senator from Louisiana called my attention,
always without a single exception; but in no in-
stance has Congress attempted to part with the
title to land,and then say,after ithas parted with
the title, it should be exempted from taxation- -in
no single instance; nor can the Senator from Ten-
nessee point one out. The lands are subject to
taxation, if the State chooses to tax them, the
moment the title passes from the United States.
; I venture another thing: that the Senator from
i Tennessee is wrong m the statement of his own
I State law. They cannot exempt any part of the
: property of the citizens of that State from tax-
' ation, except it be school and church property;
: and I say that an individual owning propci ty
' there will be taxed, and that wherever property
! is taxed it is liable to be sold to coerce the pay-
ment of that tax. That is true in every State. It
. is true in Missouri, in Iowa, in Illinois, in every
' State constitution that I have ever examined.
I Why, then, call it a homestead 5 What do you
; mean by a homestead ? Is it to be perpetually
! sacred; to be beyond the reach of execution under
j State laws; to be protected to the lazzaroni as
I long as the worthless creatures may choose to
| lod^e themselves upon it? Is that year Jiome-
; stead? If the States choose to pass such a law, let
[ them do it; but this Federal Government has no
j such power. It can dispose of the publioland,
1 and in disposing of the public land it must do it
for the public benefit: and as a prudent, conscien-
tious trustee, it must keep an eye as to what will
be best for the public at large.
What is best for the public at large ? We are
now receiving from two to two and a half million
dollars annually from the sales of the public lands.
We need the money to pay the debts of the Fed-
eral Government. Our duties upon imports are
! hardly high enough, I am free to admit, for I
would readily this day vote to raise them—hardiy
high enough to afford revenue sufficient to pay the
debts and expenses of Government. Under this i
state of things, shall we throw away $2,500,009
annually? To whom does it go? Who receives
the benefit of it? Will it imjftove Iowa, Minne-
sota, Missouri, Illinois—any of the western States?
It will not. It will prove the direct opposite; and
.why? The graduation law was passed, and, as
has been-well said to-day, it has proved a curse
rather than a blessing. It has done more harm
than good. The principle of the graduation law-
is just in itself, and yet the practical effect of it
has been injurious. That law requires the indi-
vidual, after settling upon land, to pay for it at
a certain price and keep it a certain time before
he shall have a title, just as this does. What has
been the practical result? The result has been
this: a few rich men hired hundreds and hundreds
of worthless perjurers to go upon the public lands,
swear to occupancy, stay there a little while, and
then run away, and transfei the title to the cap-
italist; and it has proved a means of monopoly.
Instead of poor men having the benefit of it, rich
men get the whole benefit; and I venture to say
j that this will be the same. If, unfortunately—if
j to the curse of our country, and to the misfortune
! of her institutions—this bill should ever be enacted
j into a law, it will result as a monopoly in the
I hands of Eli Thayer and such.men, sending out
; the creatures of their emigrant aid societies, and
i taking up thousands ana thousands of acres of
j land, living there until they can swear out and
i transfer them all to Eli Thayer and his coadju-
' tors. It will be a means of abolition, as the Sen-
ator's colleague admitted in his speech.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I beg to correct the Sen-
ator.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator certainly admitted
it would result to the benefit of anti-slavery so-
cieties.
Mr. NICHOLSON. No, sir. I said the nat-
ural course of things would carry more meri from
the free States into these Territories than from
the slave States. That is what I said on that
point.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator admitted that it
would hasten it, in his speech, directly, if I recol-
lect a single word that he said. Why, sii, how
are these things to be done? Suppose this bill
should become a law: who are to reap the bene-
fits of it' Why, sir, Mr. Thayer will gather to-
gether his two hundred or five hundred associates;
he will pick them up in the streets, and they will
go out with a stipulation, a contract, that the land
they settle upon they shall transfer to him at the
end of five years, and he will pay their expenses
out, and thirty dollars to pay for a second-class
passage. When they get out there, theyjvill lo-
cate and pick out all the best lands. They may
stay upon them until they comply with the law,
and the moment the title is vested m them, worth-
less vagabonds that they are, they will transfer it
to Eli Thayer—I do not mean "Mr. Thayer"—
I shall use his name to illustrate my argument,
for I mean no disrespect to him. The only rea-
son why I use the name of Thayer is, because
his name has been connected with the emigrant
aid society. I do not wish it to be understood
that I use it with any disrespect towards him, for
I do not know him, and know nothing of him;
but I use it by way of illustration. I say that
some prominent, active, intelligent men may get
up societies to locate land under this bill. They
have done it under the graduation law; ancfthat
graduation law, which was intended as a benefit
to the new States, has proved a curse to all the
States. It would be much better if we never had
had a graduation law.
But let me make this remark: while they may
thus defeat the purpose of the law, not securing
homes to anybody, but securing a large monopoly
to a few rich men; while they make use of tools
to accomplish their purpose—and it is done un-
der the name and the popular cry of a homestead,
but is in reality no homestead at last—still,*if we
pause and reflect one moment, we shall see that
every man worthy of a farm can get it under ex-
isting laws. We have land down to twelve and
a half cents an acre. Forty acres will support#
family of industrious people well. I knew a fam-
ily—I knew them for twenty-odd years, and some
ten in the family—all raised, educated, ami put
forth in the world in admirable order—and^ they
are now as good citizens as you can find in the
United States—on forty acres of land. Forty
acres will cost, at present prices under the gradu-
