1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Representatives to this House to legislate for the
country, there were a majority of those who oc-
cupy seats here elected either as Republican nom-
inees, or by the direct aid of Republican votes. It
is true, there are a few gentlemen who have not
seen fit as yet to vote for the Republican candi-
date for Speaker. If the majority of this House
had been thus elected by the Democratic party,
you would stand here as faithfully and persist-
ently as wc have done.
I repeat our position. Wo are ready and pre-
pared to vote to-day, to-morrow, next week, upon
any and upon every proposition now pending, or
that may be introduced. If the gentleman from
North Carolina will say that, after taking up and
disposing of all these propositions upon the Clerk's
table, which he desires, we shall then have a vote
"ay" or "no" on the plurality resolution, we will
close tiie contract with him at once.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman has asked
me questions; now let me ask him one. Have
not the members who have been voting for Mr.
Sherman pledged themselves to vote for him first,
last, and all the time?
[The Members on the Republican benches, in
response, generally, cried out "No!"]
Mr. COLFAX. That ought to satisfy any gen-
tleman.
Mr. COX. If there is no pledge on the part of
the Republicans to vote for Mr. Sherman all the
time, will the gentleman tell me whether it is not
possible for them to elect some other member of
the Republican organization, and thus produce a
majority result?
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman designate
the gentleman upon the Republican side he will be
willing to vote for ?
Mr. COX. I ask whether it is not possible for
them to elect either the distinguished member from
Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] or the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Penxington,] or the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Morris.]
Those gentlemen have not indorsed the Helper
book, and could not either of them secure a ma-
jority vote, and be elected Speaker? It is not A, B,
or C, John Sherman, or John anything else, it is
the Speakership that we are after, and cannot you
secure it by a majority ? If you cannot do it, then
you ought to confess that you are in a minority.
If you can do it, why do you not do it ? It is be-
cause you, sir, and the rest of the Republican
party, are the same upon the Helper book. You
signed it first, and you have got to stand by your
man to the end, for you arc in the same category
with him. [Applause and laughter in thegallorics.]
Mr. COLFAX. I will state to the gentleman
from Ohio, the author of that interesting work,
The Buckeye Abroad, in which he eulogizes in
such high terms that Ethiopian minister he saw
in Europe, that he is not exactly the gentleman,
after he lias been explaining that to the people of
Ohio in his district, to arraign me for any tiling I
have done, and which he thinks needs explana-
tion.
I ask him, now, in the true Yankee method of
answering one question by asking another, who,
upon this side—as he has seen fit to speak of our
family matters—who, among Republicans, he is
willing to vote for'
Mr. COX. I vote for none of you.
Mr. COLFAX. If he is not willing to vote
for any gentleman upon this side, 1 respectfully
submit to him, according to the language of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, which I believe he indorses,
that he should leave us to settle our own domestic
institutions in our own way. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. And I suggest, " subject to the
Constitution of the United States." [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly; and the Constitu-
tion, in its true spirit, requires us to vote upon
the propositions pending here.
Mr. COX. And that the House shall do it in
a proper and constitutional way. I do not choose
to interfere with the family matters of the gentle-
man's party. That is their own business; but i
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hltchins] yes- j
terdaygot upon the floor and lectured the Demo- j
cratic side, and reproached Democrats because :
they would not organize the House. 1 now show
those gentlemen the way. And I ask the gentle- 1
man from Indiana whether I am not right? i ask
him whether, if they take down Mr. Sherman as j
their candidate, they may not unite upon some
man who lias voted for Mr. Sherman, who has
some conservative principles not entirely accept-
able to some gentlemen upon that side, but who
would reccive a majority of the votes of this
House?
Mr. COLFAX. I will only answer that by
saying, that we support Mr. Sherman because we
believe he receives the largest number of votes
that can be polled for any one on this side of the
House.
Mr. COX. Why not make an experiment?
Mr. COLFAX. For the reason I have just
stated; but the gentleman should not consume all
of my time. I wish to say, in conclusion, that
the Constitution of the United States authorizes
the people of the various States of this. Union to
elect their Representatives to the American Con-
gress, and in compliance with that Constitution
the Representatives of the various States of this
Union have their seats here to-day. I say that
every gentleman sitting upon this floor is elected,
not by the majority rule, but by laws recognizing
the. plurality rule. There is only one State m the
Union—Rhode Island—that requires a majority
upon the first vote for a Representative in Con-
gress, and even there, upon a second vote, a plu-
rality is sufficient to elect. When gentlemen de-
rive their commissions for a seat upon this floor,
and draw the salaries they arc entitled to, under
laws based on this very plurality rale, commis-
sioning whoever receives the highest number of
votes, even if not a clear majority over all others,
it is a far-fetched argument to attempt to insist
that, the Constitution limits our power to elect a
Speaker to preside over these very Representa-
tives in the same way and under a similar rule,
especially when it is clearly ascertained that no
one, on either side of the House, can command a
majority.
Another remark: in the Thirty-First and in
the Thirty-Fourth Congresses, the Speakers were
elected m both cases under the plurality rule. Al-
though there have been opinions delivered as to
the constitutionality of laws passed by those Con-
gresses, yet no lawyer, no jurist, no man, how-
ever talented, has attempted, before a court of jus-
tice, or else where, to insisfthatany act of Congress
was invalid, because the Speaker who attested it
officially was elected by the plurality rule.
We have, then, the precedents of two Con-
gresses, and the still higher precedent that every
gentleman here holds Ins seat by virtue of plural-
ity laws, in favor of the constitutionality of that
rule. The people of the Union have wisely re-
solved, in all the States, North, South, East and
West, that whoever receives the largest number
of votes shall reccive his commission as Rep-
resentative. They say that the people may scat-
ter their votes just as much as they please, but
that the man who receives the highest number of
votes shall be the Representative in Congress. It
is a wise provision; it is intended to keep the
wheels of Government in motion; it is iatended
to prevent districts from being unrepresented for
lack of a clear majority of all of its votes being
polled for any particular candidate. And the
House cannot follow a better example, when in
such a dead lock as this, than to adopt the same
rule and thus end this prolonged state of disor-
ganization.
Mr. MILLSON obtained the floor.
Mr. NOELL. I believe I was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. CASE. I am very anxious to hear the
proposition of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Winslow,] to see if we may not all
agree to it.
Mr. QUARLES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly (at
half past four o 'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 20, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. II. A. Mai.lory.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TIIK SPKAKEESITIP.
The CLERK announced as the first business
in order the point of order raised yesterday by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis;] upon
which the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Noell]
wasentiiled to th< lluor.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not -understand that the
gentleman from Missouri can hold the floor _<>n
my motion for purposes of general debate. I am
not disposed to-be pertinacious at this particular
time in regard to the point I have made, if any-
thing better can be done.. I dislike to interpose
any obstacle to the speech of the honorable gen-
tleman from Missouri; for he is my neighbor, and
I would like to hear his speech. But the eyes of
the whole country are upon us, and we must ex-
tricate ourselves from our present critical condi-
tion,by using the rules of Parliamentandthe rifles
of the House of Representatives to work out a
final solution of difficulties. For that reason, it
seems to me, I am not permitted, as, a member
elect of the House of Representatives, to dispense *
with the rules at this time, when so much depends
on their success.
The point I have made under the rules is, that,
the previous question being called, debate is out
of order, except so far as may be necessary to
explain the operation of the previous question. I
have argued it; it has been fairly argued upon both
sides; and it seems to me that before debate is
permitted, we should come to a vote. I wish to
persist in demanding such a decision in justice to
the Clerk, for I believe the Clerk hag been always
fair in presenting questions to the House; and I
do not understand that he now designs to change*
his policy. Yet the opinion is entertained on this
floor that the Clerk will not present this question
to the House. Now, I am either in order, or I
am not in order. I have raised a point of order,
and that must be decided. I have understood th^
Clerk to say repeatedly that he would not decide
a point of order, but would refer it to the House.
Now, I respectfully ask that this point which I
have raised shall be either decided by the Clerk
or presented to the House. I do this in no spirit
of faction, and m no desire to embarrass the Clerk.
Each of us is responsible to his constituents and
the country to do all that he can, honorably and
consistently with the law, for the purpose of se-
curing an early organization. It seems to me that
this question of order must be decided before we
can proceed, and that debate must be confined to
the mere question whether this previous question
cuts off debate. I therefore again present the
point of order that, the previous question having
been moved and seconded, debate is out of order.
Mr. NOELL. Permit mo to interpose one
word.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to the gentleman from Iowa, that when the point
of order was raised by him yesterday, the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Noell] had the floor on
a question of order that had been raised the day
before. The gentleman from Iowa took the floor
and made his point of order that all discussion
was out of order. The Clerk begs leave to say
to the gentleman from Iowa and to the House,
that he is willing, at any time, to submit any
question that may be made to the House, when-
ever he feels that he can do so. But in accord-
ance with what was decided the other day, when
an almost similar question came up while the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Clopton] was on the
floor, and where the Clerk declined to take the
floor from the gentleman who was regularly on it,
for the purpose of taking the Vote of the House,
the Clerk does not feel that he is authorized to
compel the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Noell]
to yield the floor so that the question raised by
the" gentleman from Iowa may be submitted at
this point. The Clerk entertains the question of
order as a question before the House; and when-
ever the Clerk can submit the question properly
to the House, he is perfectly willing to submit
that or any other question.
Mr. CURTIS. I am disposed, under the cir-
cumstances, and because of the courtesy shown
by the gentleman from Missouri yesterday, to
waive any response to the Clerk at this time; to
leave the question in abeyance until the gentleman
from Missouri has made his speech. I will then
again try to get the floor for the purpose of rais-
! ing this point; and I shall continue to do so until
we can in some way make some progress towards
the organization of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. We will be ready whenever
| you can make it.
1 Mr. NOELL. The questions which I propose
i to discuss have been discussed by some gentle-
men on this side of the House without interrup-
