1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
great that we could give no sufficient excuse to
our constituents for adjourning without providing
a remedy for it. There is no doubt that the Gov-
ernment printing could be performed by a Gov-
ernment printing' office, or by contract open to
honest competition, at one half the rates now
paid, probably for less than half. But the testi-
mony shows that the executive printing is the sub-
ject of stiil greater extravagance and corruption.
"Double and treble rates, and, in some cases, six
times the fair rate of mechanical labor have been
paid for certain jobs, and portions of the plunder
have been systematically distributed for partisan
purposes. Three newspapers, two of them re-
markable for the violence of their tone, and the
feebleness of their character, were quartered on
the executive printing. Neither of them, by the
testimony of the proprietory, could get an honest
living; neither had, after a fair trial, sufficiently
commended itself to the community in which it
was published to obtain support in a legitimate
way; and neither could have piolonged its useless
existence but for the aid which it received from
the public Treasury without rendering any servicc
to the Government.
The printing of the Post Office blanks cost the
Government about forty thousand dollars n yonr.
h is reasonable, from the testimony and from the
price at which the work has just been taken by
special contract, to say that $30,000 of this was
profit above the fair price of mechanical work;
that an individual of ordinary shrewdness, having
the same work to perform, would get it done for
§10,000. Two of the newspapers referred to were
kept alive by forced contributions from this fund.
The price of printing the Post Office blanks, as
of the other printing, is fixed by law; but by a
monstrous evasion and perversion of the law, con-
structive charges were allowed, four times greater
than the just and legitimate charges. The types
were set once a year, and charged for setting
every day—often three or four times a day. 1
will explain the manner in winch this was done.
Two elements enter into the cost of printing these
blanks—composition and press-work. Compo-
sition is setting the type; press work is striking
off the sheets after the type is set. The price of
composition on a sheet of these, blanks was thir-
teen dollars; the price of press-work was one dol-
lar for a thousand sheets. The type, once set,
would last for millions of impressions. It was
generally stereotyped. If an order was given for
one thousand sheets of blanks, the bill would be:
for composition thirteen dollars, for press-work
one dollar—fourteendollarsathousaiid. If the or-
der was given for ten thousand sheets,the bill would
be: for com position thirteen dollais, for press-work
ten dollars—twenty-threedollars; or $5 30 a thou-
sand. If the order was given for thirty thousand
sheets, the bill would be: for composition thirteen
dollars, for press-work thirty dollars—forty-three
dollars; or $1 43 a thousand; and all under the
same law, and at the same nominal price. No
charge shoulu have been made for composition,
except in the first instance. Mr. Rives printed
the blanks for nine years, and never made a sin-
gle charge for composition—not once, not in the
first instance. He, a practical printer of great
experience, was consulted in framing the law, and
it never occurred to him that composition would
be charged under it. He would as soon thought
of guarding against an extra charge for ink.
Inow, with no disposition to censure, it is very
difficult for me to believe that the Department
could have been altogether innocent in this mat-
ter; it is very difficult for me to believe that, when
the new contractor brought in his bill for five
times the price thatMr. Rives charged for the same
services, it did notoccur to [he accounting officers
that there must be a mistake somewhere; espe-
cially when it must have been known that three
parties, besides the one that executed the work,
were deriving a profit from it. I can hardly un-
derstand how men so verdant as not to see this
could have rendered those political services, with-
out which no man can enter the courts of office.
1 do not mean to say that I think the present
Postmaster General responsible for this monstrous
abuse. It existed long before he came into office;
and he appears to have checked it, by largely in-
creasing the number of blanks at each order, as
soon as it was brought to his knowledge, by this
investigation. This shows that the existing legis-
lation placed a remedy within the power of the
Department. From the observation that I have
had of lus official conduct, I believe the Postmas-
ter General to be an honest and faithfwl officer,
and sincerely desirous of introducing economy
into the administration of his Department.
The printing of the land patents presents another
notable example of the manner in which the Gov-
ernment has been plundered. These were formerly
printed on parchment. This is a difficult mate-
rial to print on, being thick and with an unctuous
surface, and coming in small pieces, each only
large enough for a single blank, and of course
requiring not only greater care and a slower pro-
cess, but a separate impression for each blank.
The price for prn ting the parchment is much
higher than for printing on paper. It is fixed at
ten dollars a thousand. But nosv the land patents
are printed on what is called parchment paper,
which is only a thick kind of paper, as easily
printed as other descriptions, and coming in large
sheets, so that four blanks could be printed atone
impression, although they are not. Yet the bills
for printing these blanks have been rendered at
parchment prices and paid, till the abuse was ar-
rested by the present Superintendent of Public
Printing, between whom and the Printer the con-
struction of the law is in dispute. Ai this rate,
a single press, that requires only one boy to attend
it, would earn $100 a day.
The printing of the census blanks could be con-
tracted for at "two thousand or twenty-five hun-
dred dollars, but the Public Printer will receive for
the job about eighty-five hundred dollars; earn-
ing over forty dollars a day on a single press, that
requires but one boy to take care of it, and that
would do a very profitable business at four dol-
lars a day.
I will not weary the Senate with the further
enumeration of these abuses. The ones that 1
have instanced are but specimens—the most strik-
ing ones that have occurred to me—of a very bad
system, very badly administered.
As I read the law, it is clearly violated in its
spirit and inient m the arrangements which the
elected ofllceis of the two Houses have made with
other parties to do the work. -The law says,
(Statutes at Large, vol. :2, p. 422:)
u The office of Printer to either the Senate or the House
of Representatives shall not be tram-leiable, either directly
or indirectly; and any attempt to sell yr transfer either of
said offices, or any bale or transfer of the same, shall oper
ate as a vacation arid abandonment of the said office*., or
either ofthem."
It seems to me that this provision has been
clearly violated; that the Printer to the Senate mid
the Printer to the House have both, indirectly—
and not very indirectly either—transferred then-
offices to other parties; and that it is incumbent
on the two Houses to declare the offices vacant.
But I am no lawyer, and 1 am told that the law-
yers have found a way of getting around it; and
that the law is r,ot broken, only successfully
evaded; not violated, only set at naught, and ut-
terly disregarded. But if the law was not intended
to prevent the very thingthnt has been done, 1 can-
riot understand why the prohibition was enacted.
They have made the only kind of transfer that
they could make, and it seems to me it must be
the one that is forbidden. The idea that the law
meant to prohibit the sale of the office outright,
apoears to me to be preposterous, because such
a sale needed no special prohibition. The Public
Printer could no more sell or transfer his office
outright, and put another man in his place, than
a postmaster or a collector could. It was only m
this indirect way that the transfer could be made;
and only this that tliere was a necessity of guard-
i ing against.
| Now, Mr. President, I have already said that
1 I have no disposition'to dwell upon the grave cen-
i sure duo to these proceedings. I desire rather to
! correct the evil than to expose the offender; but
I I cannot agree to the theory that charges all the
wrong to the system, and none of it to the men
who administer the system, and who have per-
mitted (not to use a stronger word) these abuses.
1 cannot accepttheexpianation which says, "yes,
to be sure, itis very bad; itisaltogether wrong; but,
really, nobody is to be blamed for it. Nobody
knew any thing about it; nobody did it; it some how
did itself." Mr. President, when such things are
done, somebody is to blame; and we ought to be
able to go to somebody and say, " you did it; or
you permitted it to be tlone, and you are responsi-
ble for it." Unless we have laws that will enable
us to do this, then we who sit here and make the
laws are in fault. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) The time for the consideration of
the'special order has arrived.
Mr. ANTHONY. I sbatl conclude in five
minutes.
Mr. FITCH. I move that the special Qrder-be,
still further postponed, until the Senator from
Rhode Island concludes.
Mr. ANTHONY. I know it is said, in palli-
ation of tlie developments made in this investiga-
tion, that the enormous con tribui ions levied on the
public printing were voluntary; that the men who
obtained the contracts were always strong parti-
sans, and that, as ihey earned the money easily,
they parted with it freely. It is ill evidence that
many of these contributions were involuntary.
Mr. Wendell, the most lavish of ail the contrib-
utors, admits that his contributions in four years
amounted to $100,000. Besides this he paid to the,
elected Printers of the Senate and House, the offi-
cers whose, conn acts he assumed and whose duties,
he perform! d, near two hundred thousand dollar^;
and he loaned, although the loans are not in evi-
dence, $150,OUO to political friends on sueh secu-
rity that he would be glad to compound the debts
for fifty cents on the dollar. He is a man liberal
to recklessness, and always ready to help a polit-
ical friend who needs money for hts election. Yet
he rebelled ttgainst some of. the demands made
upon him, and submitted only because he thought-
that the continuance of the patroaage depended
upon his yielding to the exactions. He paid cheer-
fully towards she elections in Nt;w York, Pennsyl-
vania, New Jersey, Maryland, and other States;
but he objected to the newspaper subsidies. He
felt that they were not only severe upon him, but
that they were quite thrown away.
And this leads me to a piece of advice which I
give to our friends on the other side otiihi- Cham-
ber. It is very valuable advice, but 1 ask nothing
for it. I know something about the management
of a newspaper. It is almost the only matter that
I do know anything about; and for the truth of
the maxim which I am about to declare I appeal
Xo those Senators, on both sides of the Chamber,
who, if they have not had greater experience than
I have in that honorable profession,have reflected
greater credit upon it. Itis this: a paper that
cannot support itself cannot be of any service to
a party; to depend upon it is like leaning upon a
man who cannot stand up; to spend money upon
it is like wasting fuel in the' attempt to kmdle a
stone. The day when such papers were read has
passed; and the day has long-since arrived when
a paper, to be of service to a party, must first es-
tablish a value to the public. It must acquire a'
character for the reliability of its facts and for the
candor of its arguments; it must have the public
confidence before it can affect the public, opinion;
it must be, m a considerable degree, independent
of party before a party can derive any great value
from its services. Of all the foolish expenditures
that are made for political purposes, none are
more useless and wasteful than those for the sup-
port of the class of newspapers that very few read
and that nobody believes.
'['lie testimony taken before the committee, and
communicated to the Senate with the report, con-
ducts me to the following, among other conclu-
sions, all within the scope of the inquiry directed
by the resolutions:
"That large sums of money, derived from the
public printing, have been applied to the support
of political newspapers, which could not have
bt?en sustained without such adventitious aid;
That large sums of money, derived from the
same source, have been paid to influence the elec-
tions of members of Congress, and for other po-
litical purposes:
That these contributions have not been always
voluntary, but have, been sometimes made in tlie .
belief that they were necessary to the continuance
of the patronage from which they were derived;
That high officers of the Government have been
consulted in the arrangements by which this
money has been distributed to the newspapers;
That the aggregate cost of the public printing
is about double the fair price at which it might be
performed, and ought to be performed; and that
some portion of the executive printing has cost
five or six times the usual prices that would be
paid by individuals for the same work;
