THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
That this extravagance is not always inherent
in the system, but has resulted, in part, from a con-
struction given to the law, and by a practice which
pays many times for work that is done but once;
That the whole system of the public printing is
extravagant in itself, and that much of it has been
eorrupt, or inesWusably careless in its adminis-
tration, .and that it demands immediate reform;
That the Printer to the Senate has indirectly
transferred his office to John C. Rives, and that
it ought, therefore, to be declared vacant.
The testimony shows that the same is true of
the Printer to the House; but I do not suppose
that it is proper here to jnake any recommenda-
tions touching an officer who is responsible to the
House alone.
Mr. FITCH. I believe the question now is on
the adoption of the resolutions. I trust they will
be adopted, and the whole subject referred to the
Committee 011 Printing immediately. That com-
mittee, fully aware (as the Senator from Rhode
Iuland is himself conscious, he being a member
©fit,) of the abuses, not only of the system, but
of abuses under it, have waited for a long time
for the report of this committee, and the testimony
elicited under it, for the purpose of making some
recommendation on the subject. I trust, there-
fore, the Senate will act on the resolutions, that
the Committee on Printing may make some re-
port themselves.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the de-
cision of the Chair, the spccial order of the day
must now be taken up.
Mr. MASON. If nothing is to be done in this
matter but taking the vote, of course I shall not
object.
Mr. KING. 1 should like to vote in the Sen-
ate against an amendment which a majority made
in committee to one of the resolutions.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator permit mo
to make aiu^gestion.''
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. All admit the necessity of
"early action on the subjeet of the resolution of
reference. 1 have moved, in the first place, that
this report be printed; and now I move that the
resolutions be adopted. I have also moved that
the committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject. That motion I shall not
press now, but the matter can still remain before
the Senate, and then any resolution may be of-
fered that the Senator from New York chouses to
present.
Mr. KING. All the accounts of the committee
have not yet been settled, and therefore the com-
mittee ought not to he discharged at present.
Mr. SLIDELL. Therefore, by not insisting
on discharging the committee now, the whole
business will be before the Senate, and the Sen-
ator can offer any resolution he thinks proper.
I should like to say something in reply to what
has been said by the Senator to-day, but I want
this subject, if possible, to go to the Committee
on Printing at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must state that the special order is now before the
Senate, unless the Senate thinks proper to post-
pone it by a vote.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to taking
a vote; but if anything more is to be done, I must
insist 011 now going into executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have this mat-
ter go over until to-morrow morning, with a view
to dispose of it then.
Mr. MASON. I move then to postpone the
further consideration of this subject until to-mor-
row at half past eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
aridafter some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 31, 1860.
The House met ateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev, TbpM49 H. Stpckton,
CALL OP TUB JIQUgB,
M r. LOVE. I move that there be a call of the
House.
The moti'on was agreed to.
The. roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names;
Messrs. Adrain, Ashley, Asliniore, Barksdale, Beale,
Boeock, Boteler, Boyee, Briggs, Brown, Burlmgame,
Burnlirfin, Burroughs, Butterfield, Case, Horace F. Claik,
Clemens, Conkling, Currv, Curtis, lleuben Davis, Bd-
mundson, Ely, English, Farnsworth, Florence, Fouke,
Frank, Garnett, Goocli, Grow, Hale, Hawkins, Hindman,
Hoard. Jenkins, Koitt, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kel-
logg, Kenyon, Kilgore, ICunkel, Lariabee, Leake, Lorig-
neeker, Loomis, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin,
Maynard, McCiernand, McKnight, McPherson, Mc&ueen,
McRae, Miles, Millward, Montgomery, Isaac N. Morris,
Morse, Olin, Palmer, Perry, Plielps, Porter, Pugh, James
C. Robinson, Itust, Scott, Scran ton, Sedgwick, Sickles,
Singleton, Somes, Spinner, Stallwortli, Stoat, Tappan,
Theaker, Train, Vallandigham, Van Wyck, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Wilson, Windom, Wmslow, and Wright.
During the call,
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Anderson, was paired off with Mr.
Conkling.
Mr. NOELL moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee 011 En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. G40) for the relief of Wendell Trout, and an
act (H. R. No. 367) for the relief of Braxton
Bragg and Randall & Gibson; when the Speaker
signed the same.
MILITIA OF TIIE DISTRICT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting the report of a board of officers of the Army
•and militia, on the reorganization of the militia
of the District of Columbia, concurring generally
in the views of the hoard; which was referred to
the Committee 011 Military Affairs, and ordered
to bo printed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. FENTON. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. NOELL? I rise to a question of privilege.
I call up the motion to reconsider the order of the
House by which Senate bill No. 104 was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the 23d
of April last. I gave notice, some two weeks
since, that as soon as I could get an opportunity
I would call up the motion to reconsider, and ask
to put the bill on its passage.
The SPEAKER. This does not take prece-
dence of the regular order of business. It is not
a privileged question.
Mr. NOELL. This is the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
26th rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
'■ The consideration of the unfinished business in which
the House may be engaged at an adjournment shall be re-
sumed as soon as the Journal of the next day is read, and
at the same time each day thereafter until disposed of; and
if, fumi any cause, other business shall intervene, it shall
be resumed as soon as such other business is disposed of.
And the consideration of all other unfinished business shall
be resumed whenever the class of business to winch it
belongs shall be in oidei under the rules.1'
Mr. NOELL. I desire to make this point of
order. I desire to call the attention of the Chair
to the fact that the bill to which I refer was re-
ported, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole House, when it was in order to call the
committees; and the motion to reconsider was
entered 011 the same day. Now, inasmuch as
this is a privileged -question, and we are now in
the same order of business that we were in when
the bill was committed and the motion to recon-
sider was made, I submit that my motion is in
order.
The SPEAKER. It might be under different
circumstances; but this rule which the Chair has
had read is imperative.
Mr. NOELL. Then let me inquire of the
Speaker when the motion to reconsider can be
called up?
The SPEAKER. Whenever there is no busi-
ness of this character before the House it can be
called up, It will be in order after this is dis-
posed of.
CAPTURED AFRICANS.
jVfr. REYNOLDS. On the 25th of May the
bill if) relation to the removal of the cap-
tured Africans now at Key West was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with leave to
report at any time. It is very important that this
bill should be acted on at the earliest possible mo-
ment, as, since the message of the President in re-
gard to the captures, there has been another cap-
ture, so that there are now at Key West, in the
custody of the marshal, about fifteen hundred
Africans. Itis very important to provide for their
removal at the earliest possible moment. I am
instructed by the Judiciary Committee, and am
prepared, to report back the Senate bill with an
amendment; and I am instructed to ask the House
to put it upon its passage. The bill makes an
appropriation to carry out its objects, and there-
fore it can only be acted 011 now by unanimous
consent. If, however, the consent of the House
is given, I will make the report now, and ask to
have the bill put upon its passage. If that con-
sent is not given, I shall be obliged to defer it
until next Monday, when I can move a suspen-
sion of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
leave to make the report, and it will be for the
House to say whether they will take it up or not.
Mr. NOELL. Is that m the regular order?
The SPEAKER. The report can only be re-
ceived by unanimous consent.
Mr. NOELL. Well, sir, 1 object, inasmuch
as I was not allowed to call up my motion to
reconsider.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit to the Chair whether,
inasmuch as the Committee on the Judiciary was
authorized to report at any time, this report would
not take precedence of all other business?
The SPEAKER. There is a difference in the
particular mentioned by the gentleman from North
Carolina. The committee were authorized to re-
port at any time.
Mr. BRANCH. The permission was as broad
as language could make it, to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from New York cannot make the
report at this time, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. NOELL. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Whatis the report?
The SPEAKER. It is in reference to the Af-
ricans at Key West.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I desire to
know if it is proposed to act upon the report in-
stunter 1
The SPEAKER. Yes sir; to act upon the
amendment, and then to act upon the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would make one
remark without objecting just now. I do not
want to force these Africans back to their own
country if they do not want to go. I want to al-
low them to go or to stay as they please. I do
not think that those who advocate the freedom of
the negro can insist on putting them in chains
and forcing them back to their own country.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pardon
the Chair for saying that that is not the question
before the House. The question is whether we
shall entertain the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the bill is to be
put through under the previous question, without
any opportunity of offering amendments, I must
object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not make
any bargain on that subject. Is there any objec-
tion to entertaining the bill ?
Mr. PRYOR. 1 object.
Mr. FENTON. I insist on the regular order
of business.
Mr. REYNOLDS. I ask, then, that the re-
port be received,that the bill and report be printed,
and that it be postponed until Monday next,
when, if objection be made to its consideration,!
will move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. TAYLOR. With the permission of my
colleague on the Judiciary Committee,I beg leave
to state that I design to offer an amendment as a
substitute for the amendment proposed by the
committee, and I ask that it be printed.
There being no objection, the bill and amend-
ments were ordered to be printed; and their con-
sideration was postponed until Monday next.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the regular order of business, being the joint
resolution in relation to the public printii.g, re-
