♦
110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Lamar.
Ho. of Reps.
sensual existence, a phase of education, a mode of
becoming participant in a higher morality and the
culture connected with it." 104.]
Now, sir, who will say that the threte hundred
thousand negroes, whose character is thus de-
scribed by this German author, brought over to
this continent, would ever have had their condi-
tion improved, or would ever have secured to
themselves the benefits they now enjoy, had they
been left in their " natural condition?" ^ At that
time there were two barbarous races, which came
in contact upon this continent with the Euro-
pean. The one was the African, occupying the
lowest point in the scale of human existence; the
other was the noble Indian race, superior to the
African in intelligence, in moral and physical de-
velopment. Free as the wild bird of his native
forests; bold as the stream which dashed down
his mountain gorges; generous as the bounteous
nature around him, the American Indian goes
into history the poetic embodiment of savage
~ life. What has been his fate compared with that
of the African ?
What has become of the Narragansetts, Pc-
quots, Senecas, Oneidas and Delawares ? Driven
back by the advancing wave of European civili-
zation to continually contracting circles, with di-
minished means of subsistence, into degradation,
wretchedness, and extinction.
The Afiican, with all its foulness, with all its
prosaic vulgarities, domesticated and disciplined,
has been by that same wave borne up higher and
higher, until now it furnishes insperation lor north-
ern song, heroes and heroines for northern ro-
mances, and is invited by northern statesmen into
their charmed circlc of political and social equal-
ity. Not just yet, gentlemen, if you please. He
is not your equal; and history proves that even
when he has reached this point of civilization, if
you take from under him the institution which haft
borne him up to it, ho relapses into his pristine
barbarism. I intended to show this by detailed
references to the French islands,.the English An-
tilles, and other countries in which slavery has
been abolished. I could haveshownthatinHayti,
where the negro was left with all the endowments
of a civilization which vied with that of Rome m
gorgeous magnificence, you see now nothing but
poverty, vice, indolence, and all the other signs
of a rapidly approaching barhaiism. 1 intended
to show fiom anti-slavery authority that the Brit-
ish Antilles have disappointed every promise and
frustrated every hope that accompanied the act of
emancipation. I intended to show the condition
of the free colored population in Peru, as exhib-
ited by a most intelligent German traveler, Yon
Tschudi, whose work was published among the
"Choice Reading" of the anti-slavery publishing
house of Wiley & Putnam, in New York,
I need not refer to Liberia. The gentleman
formerly from Missouri, Mr. Biair, has demon-
strated on this floor that Liberia is a failure, and
Africa still the " house of bondage." The distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] has
expressed some doubt aboutthat matter; but he can
certainly point to no sign of an advance beyond
the original moral status of the colony; and, sir, if
it does not show signs of decay and dissolution,
it is because the emigration of our freed negroes
pours constantly into the shrunken veins of its
sickly civilization fresh tides of moral and mental
life, I need not rt'fer to the condition of the free
negro in the northern States. Those gentlemen
are familiar with it. One thing 1 will say, that
the census returns show that his moral and phys-
ical condition its superior in the South to what it
is in the North. And if freedom to the individual
be such a boon and blessing to the African, south-
ern slavery has done more in this respect for the
race than northern abolitionism. Ihcre have
been one hundred thousand more emancipated by
the southern States than have been emancipated by
the northern States; and there are forty thousand
free negroes living in the South now more than
are resident in the northern States.
If, then, we show that the condition of the negro
at the Sout^ is superior to his condition in any
other country, and that the abolition of slavery
has always been followed by immediate retro-
gression, I ask of what has humanity to complain
against the institution ?
Sir, another argument that has been advanced
by northern gentlemen, and by the leader of their
party is, that the interests of the white race re-
quire the exclusion of this institution from new
territory; that it should be dedicated to free soil,
and to the freemen of the North. Now, I want
to say, in passing, that that puts out of view every
consideration of humanity which these gentlemen
have made the instrument of the fanaticism that
has hitherto been waged against us. But I will
pass on. How do the interests of the white race
require the restriction of slavery ? They say that
free labor is dishonored by its contact with slave
labor. How? The two systems coexist under
our Republic. Look at labor as it exists at the
North—the mighty North—the seat of commerce,
manufactures, mechanic art,?, accumulated wealth,
and common schools. Look at the mighty pop-
ulation that fills that vast territory witfi the num
of its free industry. The toiling millions that
constitute the sub-stratum on which this splendid
fabric of free society reaVs its aspiring head! Are
they not all freemen? Is not each one of them
the equal of the proudest and richest in the land;
tenacious of his rights and proud of his position?
What, though he is often compelled to toil in
mid-day while the very earth is melting with fer-
vent heat, and while the negro slave is resting
from his work, still his labor is dignified and hon-
orable, because it is free; and although commerce
may languish, and manufactures go into decay,
and the wages of labor fall, and the price of pro-
visions increase, yet he can hush the muttefings
of discontent and still the %nawings of hunger by
the one proud, glorious, thought—the dignify of
labor. Now, how is this labor contaminated by
the existence of southern slave labor ? Sir, our
negroes are working under, and for your free la-
borers at the North. They furnish them with the
raw material on which this free labor exercises its
skill and industry; the raw material which is the
very basis of your commerce and manufacturing
enterprise.
Hut you say it becomes dishonored by coming
in contact with slave labor in the common terri-
tory. This very contact exists in the South;
and is labor dishonored there ? Why, according
to the estimate of these gentlemen, there are only
three hundred and twenty thousand slaveholders
in the South; all the balance are non-slaveholding
laborcis. Mark that! Now, gentlemen, universal
suffrage exists m the South. Each one of these
three hundred and twenty thousand slaveholders
has one vote, and no more. Each one of the five
million non-slaveholders has one vote, and no less.
These latter, then, have the overwhelming major-
ity. Sir, the institution is in the hollow of the
hand of the n^i-slaveholder of the South. He
has but to close his hand, and the institution is
crushed. He sees its effects on the slave; he feels
its effects on himself. Sir, if these effects were
degrading, why not throw it off, when he could
do it by simply depositing a ballot in a senseless
urn? 1 will tell you why he docs not do it. I
will show you why it is that, from that vast body
of independent, voting freemen, there comes up
not one whisper of disapprobation, not one mur-
mur of discontent, not one protest against its mo-
rality, its justice, and its expediency. It is because
there is no class among whom negro slavery se-
cures such wide-spread blessings as the non-slave-
holders of the South. There has never been a
race of men more maligned and lied about than
that very class of freemen in the South. I know
them, t have lived among them, and have felt
the heart-warm grasp of their strong hands; and
I tell you, Mr..Chairman, that God's sun does
not shine on a nobler, prouder, happier, more
prosperous, and elevated class of people, than the
non-slaveholders of the South. 3t is impossible,
from the very nature and constitution of southern
society, tlmt it should be otherwise.
1 have time to mention only one fact, among
others, that shows you its advantages in their
view. Mr. Webster, in one ofhis speeches, spoke
of the ownership of land as constituting the basis
of free government, and said that suffrage should
be restricted to those whose property gave them
an interest in the preservation of the State. Now,
xl do not think that. I thmlc that an honest, in-
telligent laboring man is as much entitled to a
participation in the government as the member
of any other class of society.
But there are certain moral advantages in favor
of aland-pwning community. Sir, in every coun-
try, and in every age, the proprietorship of the
soil has been regarded as a position of dignity and
of personal elevation. Now, sir, that is the po-
sition of the non-slaveholding laborers of the
South." They are anation of land-owners. There
is not such a body of land-owners in the world as
the non-slaveholders of the South. Each of them
feels in himself a pride of character, an elevation
of position; and, sir, he feels that he is not merely
a freeman, he is a freeholder; more than that,
he is a gentleman. You talk about free labor at
the North and free soil, as if it did not exist in
greater purity in the South than anywhere else.
What you call i£ operatives" have to share the
profits of their labor with capital, and it is hinted
that capital gets the lion's share. What we call
" slaves" are owned by capital, and get their re-
turn only in food, raiment, shelter, and protecting
care. But, sir, true free labor is that which the
southern farmer, with his own free arm, applies
to his own soil, allowing neither master, capital-
ist, nor employer, to have any participation in its
profits. And, sir, what are those profits? Not
along" the crop of cotton, corn, and potatoes;
somethingmorcthan that. When the strong, brave
man drives his plowshare through the fallow
ground, the up-turned sod reveals to his eye that
which is richer to him than the golden sands of
California.
"Tis the sparkle of liberty"
and personal independence. Sir, at the end of the
year, he has other gains, too, that his labor brings
him; the industry and honesty of the father, the
household virtues of the mother, the intelligence
of the sons, the chastity of the daughters—there,
sir, is a harvest which we would not barter for
this wide world's commerce, and all its honors
besides. ^
But, sir, let us see what this institution has done
for the progress of mankind; and this brings me
to the third class of men in the South who have
been subtest to misrepresentation. I allude to the
southern planters. I have but a moment to spare,
and I will allude to one branch of southern indus-
try as gin illustration of the whole—I mean cotton
culture. Some idea of the importance of the cot-
ton trade to the civilized world may be obtained
by the following graphic description of its influ-
ence upon Great Britain, from the pen of Macau-
lay:
" I see in this country a great manufacturing population
drawins the matenals of manufacture from a limited mar-
ket. 1 see a great cotton trade carried on, which turmshes
neatly two-million people with food, clothes, and tiring;
and I say that, if you *hut out slave-giown cotton, you
would produce a mas? of misery among the people whom
Providence has committed to your chaige, fnghtiul to con-
template ; you would mtioduee desolation into your richiy
fiouiUhing monufactaring diPtiict-*; you would rcducc hun-
dred* on hundreds to beggary and destitution; 3ou would
lisk the stability of your institutions; and when you had
done all this, you would havegreatieapon to doubt whether
you had conterrcd any great l> 'nelits on the particular class
for whom you made Mich a&acuiiee."
Now, sir, the cotton plant grows in the East
Indies. It has been long a product of Bengal and
Malabar. It grows in the West Indies, During
the French domination, Hayti exported a larger
quantity of cotton than the North America# con-
tinent. It exists in Persia; it exists in Brazil; it
exists in Egypt, and China; in Spain, in Malta,
and in Mexico; it exists in Africa itself. The
peculiarity of climate and soil necessary to its
production has been greatly exaggerated, in my
opinion. I attribute the vast production, swelled
from one hundred and fifty thousand pounds to
four million bales in seventy years, to the combi-
nation of moral and physical qualities which have
been associated in its culture.
The southern planter is not the indolent, aris-
tocratic nabob which he has been represented to
I! be. He is, in general,careful,patient, provident,
| industrious, forbearing, and yet firm and determ-
| ined. It is these qualities which have enabled him
; to take a race of untamed savages, with no habits
except such as inspire disgust, with no arts, no
information, and outof suchapeople to make the
finest body of fixed laborers that the world hag
ever seen. Sir, England has imported Coolies,
Chinese, natives from the African coast, into her
colonies, and yet she has been unable to compete
with the southern plantations. There is no prod-
