THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
the numerous applications flowing immediately from the
people, it can scarcely be doubted that these simple means
would have been as sufficient as they are unexceptional e
Is there any secession in the means here re-
ferred. to by Mr. Madison? If there is, I have
not been able to perceive it* But he proceeds as
follows:
" It is no less certain that other means might have been
employed which are strictly within the limits of the Con-
stitution. The Legislatuies of the States might have made
a direct representation to Congress with a view to obtain a
rescinding of the two offensive acts; or they might have
represented to their respeective Senators in Uongresj their
wish that two thirds thereof would piopose an cxplanatoiy
amendment of the Constitution; or two thuds of them-
selves, if such had been their option, might, by an applica-
tion to Congress, have obtained a convention for the same
object. These several means, though not equally eligible
in themselves, nor probably to the States, •vcre all constitu-
tionally open for consideration. And ifthe Gcneial Assem-
bly, after declaring the two acts to be unconstitutional, the
first arid most obvious proceeding on the subject, did not
undertake to point out to the other State* a choice amang
the further measures that might become necessary and
pioper, the reserve will not he construed by liberal minds
into any culpable imputation.'5
I ask, sir, can any man, with this report before
him, penned by Madison, the father of the Con-
stitution, and the father of the resolutions them-
selves, contcnd that these resolutions maintain the
doctrine either of secession or nullification ? Mr.
Madison, in this report, clearly demonstrates that
the interposition meant, and the redress sought,
by the resolutions, was such only as were found
within the Constitution, and under its provisions.
This able report was never questioned, so far as
I know, either as to Us ability or the doctrines con-
tained in it. Certainly it received the universal
approbation and indorsement of the Republican
party of that day.
More than thirty years afterwards some public
men began to quote the resolutions of 171W as au-
thority for doctrines never contemplated by their
authors. This idea of paramount and secondary
allegiance, paramount to the State and secondary
to the General Govstfnment, began to get posses-
sion of some of those metaphysical minds whose
delight seems to be to split hairs on abstract prop-
ositions; and who, it seems to nio, by jumping at
the shadow, are ever in danger of losing the sub-
stance. Mr. Madison wos thm Ii\ing in the full
vigor of his intellect. Mr. Madison wrote a jrihT
to Mr. Everett, in August, 1830, fiom which 1 beg
to read some extracts, showim* his views as to the
true theory of the Government as to the power
of the judiciary of the Federal Government, and
as to the right of each State to determine for itself
when its rightsare violated, and as to the ultimate
remedy when all constitutional, lawful remedies
have failed. The reading of these extracts may
seem tedious; but they present so masterly an
exposition of the questions involved, that I led a
desire to place them fresh before the country. F
proceed to read:
"PfmiSjh- f have duly received\oiir leiier, in which
you refer to the 4 nullifying doctiine,' advocated as a con-
stitutional right by some bi our distinguished tellow-cin
xens , and to the proceedings of the Viiguiut Legislntme m
1798-99, as appealed to in behalt of that doctrine ; ami you
express a wish foi my idea' on those subjects.''
4'From these it will be seen, that the cliara*teiistic pecu-
liarities of the Constitution are, i, the mode of its forma-
tion ; 2, the division of the.supreme powers? of Government
between the States, in their united capacity, and the States
in their individual capacities.
" 1. ft was formed, not by the governments of the compo-
nent States, as the Fedeial Government, fot which it was
substituted, was loimed. Nor was it l'oimed by a majority
of the people of the United States, at; a single, community,
in the manner of a consolidated Go\ eminent.
" It was formed by the Slates, that is, by the people in
each of the State*, acting in their highest sovereign o.ipa
city; and formed, consequently, bv the same authority
which formed the State constitutions.
" Being thusdciivcd from the *amc source as the eousti-
! tutions of the States, it has, within eaeh State, the same
authority as the constitution of the State, and is as much
a constitution, in the strict sense of the term within its pre-
scribed -sphere, as the constitution- of the States arc within
their respective spheres ; but with this obvioin and essen-
tial difference, that being a compact among the States in
their highest sovereign capacity, and consulting the peo-
ple thereof one people for certain putpobe*, it cannot be
alteied or annulled at the will of the States individually,
as tiie constitutionol a State maybe atits individual will.^
13eiween these different constitutional government-*, the
one operating m all the State?., the otheis operating sepa-
rately in each, uith the abnegate poweis of government
divided between them, if could not escape attention that
coutrovcr-ios would aiise concerning the hoimdaues of
jurisdiction, and that some piovision ought to be made for
such occurences. A political system that does notprovide
for a pcaceable and authoritative termination of occuniug
controversies, would notbe more than the shadow of a gov-
ernment ; the object and end ot a real government being
the substitution of law and ord-vr foi uncertainty, contu-
sion, and violence."
Comment on these clear, rational, and essen-
tial propositions is superfluous? Coming as they
do from a man who contributed most of all others
to the framing of the Constitution; backed as
they are by the personal knowledge of one of the
purest men and highest and keenest intellects this
country ever produced, of what was the real in-
tent of the builders of this Government, they
carry with them an authority from which, morally
and intellectually, there can bo no appeal. Those
propositions scatter tn the winds this fine-spun
impracticability of primary and secondary alle-
giance and power relatively between the State and
Fedeial Governments.
Here is indicated clearly the necessity of a tri-
bunal to decide differences and controversies be-
tween Federal and State authority. Mr. Madison
proceeds to show at length the impracticability
of trusting their decision either to negotiatfon, to
the several States, or to the State judiciary, and
then proceeds as follows:
uThe Constitution, not relying on any of the preceding
modifications lor its safe and successful opeiation, ha  ex-
pressly declared, on the one hand, 1, k That the Constitu-
tion, and the law^ made i.i pursuance thcitof, and all
treaties made nndei the authority of the United States, shall
be the supreme lawot the land ; 2, That the judges of every
State shall be. hound thereby', anything in the constitution
and laws of any State, to the eoutiarv notwithstanding; 3,
That the judicial power of the United States shall extend to
all case. m Jaw and equity arising under the constitution,
the law^-of the United States and tieatiesinadcundei their
authority,'' &c.
" On the other hand. as a security ot the lights and pow-
ers ot the State-* in their individual capacities, against an
undue prepondoianee of the power.-granted to tie-Govern-
ment ovei them in their united capacity, the Constitution
hah, relied on, 1, The responsibility ot the Senators. and Rep-
loentdlives m the Legi^ldtuio of the United St.ites to the
Legislatures and peopieof the States ; 2,The ic^ponsibihty
ot'tlv"1 President to the people ol the United State--; and 3,
The liability oi the executive and judicial functionaries of
the United State 4 to impeachment by the Representatives
ol the people of the Stales in one branch of the Leghslatuio
of the United States, and trial by the Uepiesentntives of
the State.-, in Ihe othei biamh; the State functional ics,
legislative, executive, and judicial,being, at the same time,
in their appointment and responsibility, altoirethei independ-
ent ol the agency or authority ol the United States."
" With respect to the judicial power of the United States,
and the authouty of the Supreme Court in relation to the
boundary of |ui isdiction between the Fedeial and the State
Go\ einments, I ma\ be peimilted to refci to the Unity-ninth
number of the Fedeiah-t, for the light in which the sub-
ject was ] rgimled by its writer, at the period when the Con-
st itution wu< depending ; and, it is believed, that the same
Mas the pi evading view then taken of it; that the same
view ha-> continued to prevail, and that it does so at this
tune, notwithstanding the eminent exceptions to it."
Number thirty-nine of the Federalist, here re-
ferred to, leads as follows:
-* No. it is tiue that, m contiovcr?ie„s iclating to the
boundary between the two jurisdictions, the lubunal which
is ultimately to decide is to he established under the Gen-
j oral Government, lint fins docs not change the ptmciple of
| the case. The decision is to be impartially made, aceord-
! ing to the rules of the Constitution ; and all the usual and
| mo*t effectual precautions are taken to secure this iinpar-
; ualitw Some biieh tulumal is elearlv e^cntiai to pi event
an appeal to the sword, and a dissolution of the compact;
and that it ought to be established under the general, rather
than under the local governments, or, to speak more prop-
crlv, that it could be safely established under the first alone,
is a position not likely to be combated.''
Sir, can anything be more clear than the posi-
tions here assumed by Mr. Madison, that the
remedy for all the evils we complain of is to be
sought within the Constitution, and that the Fed-
eral judiciary must be resorted to to protect vio-
lated rights. The Dred Scott decision furnishes
a remaricable illustration in modern history. Mr.
Madison, however, like myself, looks to the pos-
sibility of a contingency when all the safeguards
of the Constitution may prove inadequate to pro-
tect the rights of the people and the States; but
! his remedy in that event is not peaceable seces-
' sion, but it is revolution. Let us see what he
says on this point. Here it is:
•'* Should the piovisions of the Constitution, as here re-
viewed, be lound not to secure the government and lights
of the States against usurpations and abuses on the paitof
the United Slates the final icsoit within the puiview ot' the
Constitution, lies in an amendment of the Constitution,
according to a pioecss applicable by the States.
"And, m the event of a failure of every constitutional
report, and an accumulation of u.siupatsons and abuses,
rendeung passive obedience and non-resistance a greatei
evil than iesi&tance and revolution, there can lcmain but
one resorf, the last of all—an appeal lrorn the canceled ob-
ligations of the constitutional compact to oiiginal rights
and the law of self-preseivation. This is the ultima ratio
under all Governments,whether consolidated, confederated,
or a compound of both; and it cannot be doubted that a
f-ingle member of the Union, in the extremity supposed, but
in that only, would have a light, as an extra and ultra-con-
stitutional right, to make the appeal.*'
I can add nothing, sir, to the point of this part
of his letter, and will not attempt it. I will now
trouble the House with but one more extract from
this admirable letter, and that has direct reference
to the resolutions of 1798-99. It is as follows:
" Tn favor of the nullifying claim for the States, individ-
ually, it appeai-s, as you observe, that the proceedings of
the Legislature of Virginia m 1798-99, against the alien and
sedition acts, are much dwelt upon."
" That the Legislature could not have intended to sanc-
tion such a doctrmc, is to be inferred from the debates in the
House ol Delegates, and from the address of the two Houses
to their constituents on the subject of the resolutions. The
tenor of the debates, which were ably conducted, and are
understood to have been revised for the press by most, if
not all, of the speakers, discloses no refeience whatever to
a constitutional right in an individual State to arrest by
foice the operation of a law oi the United States; conceit
among the States for redress against the alien and sedition
laws, as acts of usurped power, was a leading sentiment;
and the attainment of a concert, the immediate object of
the course adopted by the Legislature, which was that of
inviting the other States • to concur in declaring the acts
to be unconstitutional, and to cooperate by the necessary
and proper measuies in maintaining unimpaired the au-
thorities, rights, and liberties reseived to the States lespect-
ivelj and to the people.'
Mr. Clerk, I have now brought fresh to the at-
tention,^ the House and the public mind the
views of Mr. Madison, hoping they may have the
eftbet to awaken the friends of free Government
and of the Union of the States, to a proper inves-
tigation of the great principles of our Government.
I might go further, and call the attention of the
House and the country to the views and opinions
of that sterling old patriot, Andrew Jackson, as
expressed m his special message in 1833, on South
Carolina affairs; but it is wholly unnecessary.
They arc, in the main, those which had been be-
fore expressed by Mr. Madison, and the fathers
and framurs of the Constitution, who knew its
ends and aims. I will content myself on this
branch of my subject by saying that the Demo-
cratic party has, for a quarter of a century, been
in the practice of holding national conventions,
and in these conventions to iay down their plat-
form of principles, in none of which can be found
one single resolve that recognizes the right of nul-
lification or peaceable secession. I may well as-
sume, then, that it is not a Democratic doctrine.
One of my main objects has been to relieve the
Democratic party, as fai as I could, from the sus-
picion of having incorporated this heresy into
their creed. 1 trust I have, to some extent, suc-
ceeded.
Mr. Clerk, the doctrine of secession which I
have endeavored to combat, is not of southern
origin. It first took root in Massachusetts and the
JNrew England States, during the war of 181:2. The
real object of the Hartford convention was to
witluhaw from the Union certain of the north-
ern States, and form a northern and eastern con-
federation in close alliance with England. The
claim then was founded on the judgment of north-
ern people that the war was unnecessary and
unconstitutional. It is true the extent of their
designs was only known to the initiated. Then,
as now, the secessionists had an inner temple, a
sanctum sanctorum, into which the unhallowed
feet of the uninitiated were not permitted fo pen-
etrate. Enough, however, got abroad to develop
the general scope and object of this secession party.
Mr." Jefferson saw through their schemes, and de-
nounced them in language suited to the facts. In
a letter to the Marquis de La Fayette, dated Feb-
ruary 14,3815, he uses the following language m
reference to the secessionists of Massachusetts:
" I do not say flint all who met at Hartfoid were under the
same motive* of money, nor were those of Fiance. Borne
of them ate oun, and wi«h to be ins; some the meie
dupes o«'the agitators or of tneir own party passions, while
the Maratists atone are in the real .secret; but tiicv have
very different materials to woik on. The yeomanr* of the
United States arc not the cmftiWeofPans. We might safely
give them leave to go through the United Stoles lecruitnig
their ranks, and I am satisfied thev could nonage t ne sin-
gle regiment (gambling merchant* and«!lk-sfoc!ona cIciks
excepted) who would support tnem in anyeiVoittocepaia:< 
from the Union. The cement ot this Union is in the hcait
blood of every Ameucan. I donotbclievctheio i-oneaitha
Government established on so immovable a basis. Lettheni,
m any State, even in Massachusetts itsell. laise the • tand-
ard oi separation, and its citizens will use in mast- and do
judtiec themselves on their own hicendtaues It the* could
have induced the Government to some effort of suppres-
sion, or even to enter into discussion with them, it would
hav e given them some importance, have brought them into
some notice, lint they have, not been ah'e to make them-
