I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Davis.
Ho. OF
uct which requires such constant and unremit-
ting attention, such continuous labof,as the cotton
plant. The great complaint in the British colo-
nies is, that the fruit of each year's effort is lost
by the broken and irregular labor of the opera-
tives. Now, sir, the southern planter has secured
continuity, consistency, and steadfastness, in the
most indolent, inconsistent, and capricious of the
human race. Burke, in his speech upon concil-
iation with America, paid to the victorious indus-
try employed in the fisheries of the colonies of
New England a justand glowing tribute of admi-
ration. The perseverance, the dexterous and firm
sagacity enlisted in that perilous mode of industry,
is worthy of his esteem. Something of the same
qualities are displayed by the southern planter in
the production of those beneficent results which
have flowed from the eulture of the great tropical
products of the southern States.
The southern planter penetrates the dense for-
ests, the tangled brake, the gloomy wilderness of
our river swamps, where pestilence has its abode,
and there, day by day and year by year, amidst
exposure, privation, and sickness, are his fore-
sight, his prudence, his self-reliance, his adapta-
tion of means to ends, called into requisition. In
the communion with himself—which his isolation
makes indispensable—and in the daily and yearly
provision for a large body of domestics and de-
pendents for whom he has to think, and whose
labor he has to direct, he forms those qualities
which enable him to emerge from his isolation to
fill the county court, or to become a member of his
State Legislature, to discharge the duties of local
magistracy, or to take his place in the national
councils.
The solution of the enigma of the'' slave power,"
so mysterious to transcendental and infant-school
philosophers, may be sought here. Its basis lies
m thatcool, vigorous judgmentand unerringsense
applicable to the ordinary affairs and intercourse
of men which the southern mode of life fosters.
The habits of industry, firmness of purpose, fidel-
ity to dependents, self-reliance, and the sentiment
of justice in all the various relations of life which
at*e necessary to the management of a well-ordered
plantation, fit men to guide legislatures and com-
mand armies.
I sec gentlemen are disposed to smile at this sug-
gestion. In confirmation of what I say, I have only
to point them to the fact that it was in such com-
munities as these that a Washington, a Jackson,
a Taylor,a Scott, a Twiggs, a Quitman, a Davis,
a Lee, a Ringgold, a Biagg, a Butler, and a host
of others, acquired those qualities which enabled
them,in thepositionsin which their country placed
them, to add such undying luster to the American
name. It was in such communities that such men
as Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Polk, Lowndes,
Calhoun, Clay, Macon, Marshall, Taney, and a
host of others that I could mention, acquired those
characteristics which their countrymen North and
South instinctively discerned whenever " called
upon to face some awful moment to which Hea-
ven has joined great issues, good or bad, for hu-
man kind."
I have sought, sir, in a cursory way, under the
whip and spur of this hour rule, to shov^that there
is nothing in our institutions which cannot stand
justified before impartial history for our mode of
dealing with the race which Providence has placed
in our hands. I do not pretend to say that, m
the adjustment of our economic forces, there may
not be ameliorations. I do not pretend to say
that we have arrived at a standard of ideal perfec-
tion. But I do say that there is a reach of thought
and a maturity of judgment brought to bear upon
this subject in the South which is always ade-
quate to evolve the greatest good. Wc certainly
can learn nothing from the enemies of our insti-
tutions and conspirators against our peace.
I come to the last consideration I think it proper
to urge upon the attention of the House. Is it
the part of statesmen to attempt to exercise the
powers of this Government in a spirit unfriendly
to the institutions and interests involved in the
political and economical system which I have been
discussing? The father ot the Constitution, Mr.
Madison, on the floor of the convention which
framed it, expressed a different sentiment:
" He admitted that every peculiar interest, whether in
any class of citizens or any description of Stales, ought to
be secured as far as possible. Wherever there is dan-
ger of attack, there ought to be gives A constitu-
tional power of defense. But Uecoiitendcd tlie States
were divided intodifferent interests, not by then' duTerenee
in size, but by other circumstances, the most materia! of
which resulted partly from climate, but principally from
the effects ot their having, or not having, slaves. These
two causes concurred in forming the great division of in-
terests in the United States. It did not lay between the
large and small States. It lay between the northern and
southern States ; and, if any defensive power were acces-
sary, it ought to be mutually to these two interests. He was
so strongly impressed with this important truth, he had been
casting about in his mind for some scheme that would an-
swer the purpose.'^
I do not anticipate that the magnanimous coun-
sels of a wise and patriotic statesman, whose
provisions embraced in their scope the entire
Republic, will obtain such authority as to secure
additional guarantees to our institutions. These
wp have not asked. We ask only our constitu-
tional rights in the Union. The southern people
demand that this organized "irrepressible con-
flict" shall stop—that the institution of slavery
shall be maintained as an existing fact in this
Confederacy. The sentiment israpidly approach-
ing to .unanimity among them, that any attempt
toimpaif its property-value, or a single political
privilege which it confers, or any of the constitu-
tional rights by which it is guarantied, or to place
over them the party which arrogates to itself the
right to do any of these things, will be a fatal
blow at the peace and stability of this great coun-
try.    
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
SPEECH OF HON. II. W. DAVIS,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1860.
The Ilou*e being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tiie Union—
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, said:
Mr. Chairman: The honorable the Legislature
of Maryland has decorated me with its cGnsure.
It is my purpose to acknowledge that compliment.
It is long, sir, since the party which now con-
troll the Legislature of Maryland has been so for-
tunate as to have a majority in both its branches;
and it has so conducted itself that it is probable it
will be long ere again it succeeds in getting that
control.
If one may judge from the course and conduct
of that body, the gentlemen who compose it are
perhaps more surprised at their present power
than their opponents. They do not appear to
be less bewildered or more to have changed their
.original nature than Christophero Sly, when
waking up, after his debauch, m the nobleman's
chamber, dazzled with the unaccustomed elegance
which surrounded him, he began to question him-
self thus:
Am I a lord ? and have I such a lady ?
Or do I dream? oi have I dieam'd till now?
] do not sleep ; 1 see, I hear, I speak ;
I smell Mveet savors, and I feci soft things ;
Upon my lite, 1 am a lord, Indeed ;
And not a tinker, nor Christophero Sly.
Well, hung our lady hither to our ssiglit;
Jind once again, a pot o' thr smallest ale
Sudden elevation lias never changed the charac-
ter of the person accidentally raised to a position
he was never intended by nature to occupy; and
those who imagine it ever can may free themselves
from that delusion by looking at the Legislature
of Maryland. Thatmajonty, which nowprcsumes
to represent the people of Maryland, are as much
out of place in her legislative halls as was Christo-
phero in the lordly chamber; and they retain and
reveal their natural instincts and ability as did
Christophero his preference for the smallest ale
over sack.
There is no department oflegislation to which,
in the brief period of their power, they have not
applied their fingers; and it would be doing them
injustice to say that there is any tltey have adorned.
Greatly deficient in that first quality which con-
stitutes the legislator—sound practical common
sense—they abound in that genius of ignorance
which so amazed and delighted Montesquieu's
Persian in the Parisian professors—a genius which
enabled them to undertake to practice and teach,
with the utmost confidence, arts and sciences of
which they knew nothing.
Inexperienced in the forms of legislation, it was
certainly prudent that they should be attended in
the caucus, where, instead of the committee, their -
laws are matured, by learned attorneys, not mem-
bers of either House, for else their blunders might
betray their ignorance; yet, in spite of this wise
precaution, this Legislature has worthily earned
for itself a place beside that Lack-Learning Par-
liament, whereat Lord Coke says there was never
a good law passed.
Not elevated to the full sense of the dignity and
responsibility of their high place by the great
memories which surround them in the State House
where they daily meet—where once the great Con-
gress of the Revolution sat, and where George
Washington surrendered his sword, that the law
might thenceforth reign—the caucus is the Legis-
lature, the Legislature the recording clerk for the
dictates of the caucus; debate is silenced, and con-
sideration is banished. At a suggestion from par-
tisans out of doors, the sacred rights of a great
city are sacrificed; every responsibility surround-
ing legislation is gone; and the result has been
such a series of legislative measures as will, per-
haps, revive in the memories of the people of
Maryland the fading sense of the greatness of th«
calamity inflicted upon them when Democrats
control amajority in both branches of their Legis-
lature.
Since, sir, they have seen fit to honor me with
their censure, it is fit that this high and honorable
body should have the means a little more in detail
of appreciating the weight of that censure.
Ambitious of the reputation of Justinian, and
not enlightened by the great jurists which sur-
rounded his throne, the General Assembly of
Maryland, in the first few days, not of their con-
sultation, not of their consideration, but of their
session, adopted, without reading it, and in pro-
found ignorance of its provisions, a code defining
the rights of person and of property of every cit-
izen fff the State of Maryland; and a great part
of the residue of the brief period assigned them
by the constitution has been occupied in repealing
and altering the code they had just adopted.
Anxious to overrule the popular will and touch
the fruits of political success, where political sue-
cess is not likely to be attained by the will of the
people, they have been exceedingly desirous to
empty some of the offices which, m Baltimore,
were filled by the popular vote; and evidence
having been taken in contests between members
of the Legislature and persons claiming their
seats, the honorable the committee of the body
of which I am speaking, so cognizant of the laws
of the land, so aware of the rights of justice, and
so anxious to give them full cllcct, allows that
evidence, taken behind the backs of gentlemen
whose offices are contested, to be put in against
them, upon the witnesses merely identifying their
depositions formerly taken. Perhaps they were-
conscious, Mr. Chairman, that some witnesses
cannot safely be resworn after the lapse of a
reasonable lime.
In the midst of the excitement in the country
upon the negro question, it is not surprising that
they have some men among them anxious to fol-
low the deplorable example which has been set
recently elsewhere, shocking to the sensibilities
of the great mass of the people of Maryland, of
reducing into slavery the men that our fathers
freed. That such a measure is now depending
before that Legislature, and receiving such con-
sideration as it can give to anything, instead of
having been instantly rejected, or leave to bring it
in refused, this, sir, would be cause of great sur-
prise in any other Legislature assembled in Mary-
land. But, sir, I fear that nothing but the unan-
imous shriek of indignation which rung from one
end of Maryland to the other averted the danger
of the passage of some such despotic and oppres-
sive measure, and one seriously and rashly un-
settling the industrial interests of Maryland.
From these few circumstances, perhaps, we
may begin to divine something of the character
of that honorable body and the scope of its legis-
lative sagacity. They are still more careful of
southern rights. They boast themselves their
sole guardians in Maryland. They are diligent
and not unsuccessful students of the debates of
