1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
selves even a subject of conversation, either of public or
private societies. A silent contempt has been the eol<? no
tice they excite; consoled, indeed, some of them, by the
palpable favors of Philip. Have, then, no fears for us, my
friend. The grounds of these exist only in English news-
papers, edited 01 endowed by the Castlereaghs or the Can-
nings, or some other such models of pure and uncorrupted
virtue. Their military heroes, by land and sea, may sink
our oyster boats, rob our hen-roosts, burn our negro huts,
and run off; but a campaign or two more will iciievcthem
from further trouble or expense in defending their Amer-
ican possessions."
Sir, this was the opinion of Jefferson in relation
to the scheme of secession when started in the
North, and this was the opinion he expressed of
the loyalty of the yeomanry of the country to the
Union. May we not indulge the hope that the
cemcnt of this Union is still in the heart's blood
of the American people North and South ? When
I say the American people, I do not mean the mere
politicians; but I mean the yeomanry of the land,
the bone and sinew of the country.
I will now endeavor to enforce the opinion
which I have deliberately formed, that so far from
its being necessary for the South to assume the
position I have endeavored to combat, it is her
interest to maintain the Union; and that she has
now, and always will have, the power of this
Government on the real question that divides par-
tics in this country. During the existence of-this
Government, it has been under the control of the
party which has stood up for southern rights, for
more than three fourths of the time. Political
victories by the Opposition have been few and far
between.
And why has this been ? Northern men are in
the habit of saying that it is because of the perti-
nacity and unity of action m the South. Never
was there a greater mistake made. The true
reason of this success is founded in the fact that
the true interests of three fourths of this Confed-
eracy arc identical with southern interests on the
real question at issue. What is that question,
sir> In this day we call it the slavery question.
This, too, is a mistake. It is not the slavery
question. It is a question of po\vcr of which
slavery happens to be the mere incident at this
time. Certain portions of the northern people
have from the beginning sought to get control of
this Government, for a purpose altogether different
from that of putting down slavery. The struggle
commenced in the convention which framed the
Constitution, and was there, to some extent, a
struggle between sections. Hamilton headed a
party there which denied the capacity of the peo-
ple for self-government, and sought to brad them
by the strong arm of central power. He and his
party were defeated, and mainly by the southern
and smaller States.
The same party subsequently attempted to
obtain by latitudinarian construction what they
failed to secure by the express provisions of the
Constitution. They were defeated by the slave
States, together with the conservative element in
the northern States. In this struggle originated
the resolutions of 1798. In 1820, for the first time,
the slavery question assumed an attitude of im-
portance. And why was this? Because of north-
ern sympathy for slaves? Not at all. But it was
because the slave power had thwarted the advo-
cates of a strong ccntral Government and class
legislation, both in the convention and in the
struggle from 1798 to 1800. It became necessar}'
to weaken and break down this power, because
it stood in the way of their favorite schemes. The
prejudices of the people in the North have been
appealed to, as a mere instrumentality (o secure
an ulterior object. That object was, and always
has been, to build up a system of class legislation,
that would bend every interest of the whole nation
to that of the manufacturers of a few northern
States.
The interests diverse to these are not to be fouud
alone in the South; but. sir, they are found North,
East, South, and West. Everywhere, except in
the New England States. This is the true solution
of the mystery we find in the fact that southern
policy has been the predominant policy of the
country; and that no party which steadily opposes
that policy can ever retain power for any consid-
erable time. The great State of New York, with
her immense commerce, based to a great extent
on the products and custom of the South and
West, is this day as much a southern State in in-
terest, on the real question that divides parties, as
any southern State in the Union. Let me tell
gentlemen from that State, that when they aban-
don their southern allies and form combinations
with the Republican manufacturers of New Eng-
land, they are doing two things: first, they are
striking a deadly blowat the vital interests of their
own State; and they are, at the same time, dig-
ging their own political graves. The influence of
the almighty dollar will cover them up so deep,
that the hand of political resurrection will never
reach them.
Ohio*Indiana, Illinois, with their immense ag-
ricultural products; their corn,beef, pork, andall
the great staples they produce; with their immense
trade in buying and selling with all the great com-
mercial marts of the South, including New York
as one of their marts, are exactly in the same cate-
gory. Wisconsin, with her lumbering interests,
I put also in the same list. The great State of
Pennsylvania has an agricultural and commercial,
as well as u manufacturing interest. The agricul-
tural and commercial interests of Pennsylvania, I
apprehend, are quite equal to her coal and iron
interests. These iron kings and coal despots,
with their iron crowns upon their heads and their
coal banks beneath their fact, would like to bend
all the energies of this Government to their inter-
ests, that they may roll m countless wealth, wlule
the toiling millions are struggling for existence.
But, sir. these toiling millions are men of intelli-
gence, keenly alive to their own interests, and will
not always submit to this class legislation.
Hence it is, sir, that in the great struggles for
power men will labor to promote their own wel-
fare. The South never will be reduced to the
necessity of standing alone. There is another ele-
ment, sn. soon to If most potently felt in the
balancing of power between sections, 1 mean,
sir, the now cmpnv that is building up on the
Pacific, and on the eastern slope of the Rocky
Mountains These, new States will all be identi-
fied with the South. They will all become agri-
cultural and commercial States. Sir, why need
we be alarmed because these Black Republicans,
under a spasmodic excitement, like that which
took possession of Massachusetts in the days of
the Salem witchcrafts, has temporarily given them
a plurality in this House? Even heie, air, they
have not the power to pass a single law.
With prudent counsels on our part, such a
Waterlou defeat as awaits them in our next elec-
tions was never witnessed on this continent. Al-
ready, sir, they are beginning to repudiate their
favorite leaders. Their short butterfly life has
lasted long enough already to disgrace them politi-
cally before the great body of the northern people.
They are even now casting about for some new
name under which they hope to conquer. Before
the ides of November are reached, they will cull
themselves the Union party, and nominate some
half-way man, in order to lead away ihe public
mind from their real designs. In Missouri, they
call themselves the Free Democracy; and in Penn-
sylvania tliey call themselves the People's party.
They all, however, vote together.
Sir. the John Brown foray about finished what
was left of them. Their only hope now is to de-
ceive the northern mind into the belief that the
Democratic party is a disunion paity. Every
speech delivered on this floor containing threats
of disunion is seized by them with greedy avidity,
and garoled extracts are published in theirpapcrs
to arouse nori hern prejudges. Shall we, sir,fur-
nish th-jm with such weapons? There are two
substantial reasons why we should not. First,
the Democratic party is no disunion party. It is
the true Union party, because it proposes to save
the Union by preserving the constitutional rights
of all.
Another reason which ought to appeal power-
fully to our sympathies as well as to our sense of
justice: that is to sustain and uphold the true men
of the North. Sir, we are told in the good Book,
that a certain city in ancient times had become so
wicked and corrupt that the Lord determined to
destroy it. But, at the earnest intercession of
his servant, lie relented, and consented that if ten
righteous men could be found withm%a walls, he
would spare the city. There are hundreds, thou-
sands, millions of true patriots in the northern
States. Men who, with an earnestness, devotion,
and self-sacrifice, worthy of all praise, have thrown
themselves into the breach to defend us and our
rights against the assaults of unscrupulous anti-
slavery fanatics.
But, say some southern men, these northern
heroes are about to be overpowered; they can no
longer breast with success the storm which threat-
ens us; we cannot depend on them, and must now
take care of ourselves by aU^idoning them to the
tender mercies of their enemies, the Black Repub-
licans. Sir, some dire necessity, such as I have
never yet seen, must force me to this 'alternative.
So long as there is a plank left of the gallant old
ship', upon which I can with honor stand, -I, for
one, will stay with the vessel, and try to sate the
whole crew of gallant souls or perish with them.
Sir, I will not indulge in a comparison of the
disastrous effect which a dissolution of the Union
would produce on the two opposing sections. Nor
will I measure the relative means of the North
and South to wage a civil war. Sir, it would
destroy both. It would blot out the bright page
which our country has filled in the world's his-
tory. It would make us the by-word and the scoff'
of the haughty crowned heads of Europe. The
workshops ofthcNorth would crumble into ruins;
her shipping would lie rotting in her harbors; the
beautiful fields of the South would become a des-
olation; our people everywhere become a broken-
down, oppressed, and heart-stricken population.
That national pride stimulating to deeds of valor
and heroism by land and sea, that has immortal-
ized the American name, would be driven out
from the American soul.
Sir, I know and feel that our wrongs have been
great. But within the Union and under the Con-
stitution 1 believe we have the means of redress and
Erotection, if we do not rashly throw them away.
iot us first try these means, and if all of them
fail us, it is then time enough to think of other
remedies. Wo are now at sea, in the midst of a
mighty storm. The old vessel isstrugglingbravely
to breast the fury of the tempest. At this junc-
ture we are advised to break it up, and each man
to take his separate piece of timber, and leap into
the waters where anarchy reigns supreme. Every
sentiment of patuotism, and every instinct of self-
preservation forbid the attempt.
Mr. BABBITT obtained the floor; but yielded
to
Mr. KEITT, who moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. DAWES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to what I sup-,
pose to be a question of privilege. In the Globe
report of the proceedings of the day before yes-
terday, I find the following in the debate partici-
pated in by my colleague, [Mr. McCjlernand,]
which 1 request the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows, from Mr. McCler-
nand's remarks:
"In respect to slavery in the States and Territories, I
stand upon the principle of non-interference by Congress
upon the subject, f i>tand upon the same principle, in that
connection, affirmed by flic national Democracy m conven-
tion assembled at Cincinnati in 18.16. And while I would
not have Congre^ to legislate slavery into any State or Ter-
r:toiy.norto excludeit theiehum, I would,in the language
ot thc'Kansas-Nebifwka act, 'leave the peoplethereot per-
fectly free to form and regulate their domestic institutions
m their own way, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States.' And when I tay this, I include slavery as
an institution coining Witiun the meaning of domestic m
btimtions.
<• Now, while this is inv position,I admit that th^power
of a Termoiial Lejrislatuie to prohibit slavery within tile
limits of the Territory i* a judicial question to be decided
by the Supreme Coiut, and not a political question toA)e de-
cided by any paity or party platform. And I will add that
if, when this question comes propeily before the Supreme
Court, and that tribunal should decide againstthe power, J,
foi one, Will acquiesce in the decision, and obey it. But if,
on the other hand, the decision should be in lav or of the
power, I shall expect that Democrats differing I'som me on
this question will, on their part, acquiesce in and obey&ueli
decision. ['Yes!' 'Yes!1 was answeicd by seveial mem-
bers on thp Democratic Fide.]
" To s-how, Mr. Clerk, that the opinion T have cxpre^ed
upon this question accoids with the sentum-nts of the Illi-
nois Democracy, I read the followmg re^olution-s, which
were adopted by the Domociatic State convention, held on
the 4th mutant, at Springfield:
" ' J. That al! questions pciturning to African slavery In
the Territories shall he forever banished from the Hails of
Congress.
<k £ -2. That the people of the Territories respectively shall
be lett perfectly ftee to make just such laws and regulations
in respect to blavery, and ail other matters of local concern,
as they may deteuinne for themselves, subject to no other
limitations or restrictions than those imposed by the Con-
stitution of the United States.' * •< + * *
"' That whenever Congress, or the Legislature of any
