118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
this House. They were smitten with admiration
of the resolution offered—and so long debated in
this House—by the honorable gentleman, my
friend from Missouri, [Mr. Clark.] A bill was
pending before the Legislature of Maryland for
the purpose of disfranchising a great city refrac-
tory to the Democratic yoke. Certain respecta-
ble attorneys, knowing as much of constitutional
law as is comprised in the art of special pleading,
aspired to apply these microscopic principles of
their favorite art to the construction of the con-
stitution, and the result of that novel application
was a bill which annulled by evasion, and repealed
by direct enactment of the Legislature, some of
the most fundamental provisions of the constitu-
tion itself. Accepted at the hands of, its legal
originators, by the caucus—if ever read, yet never
understood, by the majority in either House—it
was about to receive the confirmation of the Leg-
islature, when a grave omission was discovered.
It said nothing about the negro question. * That
was beyond the province of special pleading; and
the Legislature rashly tried their 'prentice hand
on a proviso. They solemnly incorporated in the
bill the following clause:
" Provided, That no Black Republican, or indorser or
supporter of the Helper book, shall bfi appointed to any
oftice under the said board."
Upon its passage, the yeas and nays were called
and recorded; but I should not perform a grate-
ful task were I to rcscuc their names from their
native oblivion and spread them on the face of the
debates of this House.
The proviso was the lit cap and bells for such
a bill. Its provisions deprived a great city of their
constitutional right to self-government by a fla-
grant usurpation. It was fit that the men who
were ambitious of the honor of passing that act
should likewise place in the bill the measure of
their capacity, by enacting what they, with the
same breath, condemned. Perhaps the rrfost
obnoxious portion of Helper's book is the pro-
scription of fellow-citizens for their opinions on
slavery; and the proviso, for the first time in
American legislation, excludes by law from a
municipal office all the members of the most nu-
merous political party in the United States by
their party name, and because of their political
opinions ascribed to them by their enemies. The
proviso docs not confine its exclusion to the
approvers of Helper's work—itself sufficiently
ridiculous—but deprives the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin J and the. Speaker of this
House, and the Governor of almost every free
State, and over a million of voters, from all cliance
of promotion in the police department of Balti-
more. Possibly the people might not have selected
them; but the Legislature apparently feared that
their board of commissioners might.
Their vigilance having been once awakened, they
were not content with having thus protected the
institutions pf the people of Maryland against the
wiles of this great northern party, by excluding
them from the high and lucrative position of po-
licemen. They were called upon shortly after-
wards to pass upon another measure, a city rail-
road for Baltimore—a dangerous contrivance of
northern ingenuity—which would cover with its
network of tracks that great city, on whose cars
thousands of people might come in contact daily
with the conductors and directors, and by them,
if not sound, the subtle poison of anti-slavery
sentiment might be diffused through all the streets
and alleys of Baltimore, without anybody being
the wiser. That sagacious and learned body, the
Senate, having hurried through the code for the
purpose of getting at those-things which touch the
vital interests of the country, having before them
this bill for the inauguration of that groat modern
convenience in the city of Baltimore, thought that
there likewise they should protect themselves by
law against this poison in the atmosphere. And
therefore it was provided, and now stands as a
part of that bill—
"That no Black Republican, or indorser or approver of
the Helper book, [laughter,] shall receive any of the benefits
and privileges of tbia act, or be employed in any capacity
by the said railway company." [Renewed laughter.]
I want honorable gentlemen upon this side of
the House, the Helperites as well ns others, to
know, that when they pass home through the city
of Baltimore they must be prepared, at the car
doors, to deny their political principles, or lose
the lightning trai^i. [Laughter.] Disappointed
office-seekers here can find employment there
only by apostacy, and secret trusts alone can se-
cure Black Republican capital in this lucrative
investment.
Sir, in the course of a few days there was before
the Legislature another bill for the purpose of
endowing an agricultural society for the State. An
energetic, but not discreet, representative of the
dominant party rose and moved to apply this pro-
viso to that bill. We all know that contamination
does not spread so rapidly in the rural districts,
as in our great cities, and some legislator, more
sagacious than his brethren, reflected that there are
Black Republicans who raise Morgan horses, and
Durham cattle, and Southdown sheep, and Alder-
meys, and that occasionally a Black Republican
invents a plow, and that these things lessen the
burden or enhance the profits of agricultural labor:
and in singular contrast to the rest of their con-
duct, in a lucid interval, they actually voted down
the proviso!
But the Senate having at this point made them-
selves, as the Frenchman would say, suspected,
in spite of their earnest and disinterested guard-
ianship of southern institutions, even at the ex-
pense of making themselves ridiculous, the House
of Delegates nextassumcd theguardianship of the
Representative upon this floor. Theyhadjmsseda
resolution, prior to the election of Speaker, which
was intended to condemn beforehand any vote
which should not be for some one of the honorable
gentlemen from the Democratic party. I knew it
was aimed Vt me; for they knew that, highly as I
respect those gentlemen; eminently fit by knowl-
edge and experience for that position as I know
many of them to be; entire as is my confidence in
their personal honor, to the extent of trusting my
fortune, my life, and my honor in their hands, yet
I did not consider them safe depositors for any of
the political powers of thus Government, and that
ail tlicy could do would not make me waver one
hair's breadth from what they knew was my firm
resolve.
But it is unfortunate that the gentlemen upon
that side of the legislative body are more devoted
to study the Cincinnati platform than Blur's
Rhetoric or Whatcley Rules of Logic, and they
became afflicted with that entire incapacity of say-
ing anything which has not two meanings which
so singularly characterizes the authors of that re-
markable platform. They moved a resolution in
such ambiguous terms, that my honorable friends
in the Maryland Legislature thoughtit was a con-
demnation of the gentlemen on the Administration
side of the House for not having elected the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, for whom I cast my
vote so perseveringly and so fruitlessly. I had*
intended to waive the benefit of the ambiguity. I
intended to have responded to them in the sense
of the gentleman who moved them, but events
were so rapid, that before I could have an oppor-
tunity to express my opinion of them, I was over-
ruled and oppressed by another. The elevation of
the gentleman from Now Jersey to the Speaker's
chair instantly revived all their earnestness for
the protection of southern rights.
My vote recalled to them that they were com-
mitted by what they had said before, to follow it
up with an explicit condemnation of the act which
had now been perpetrated. And thereupon, the
honorable the House of Delegates of Maryland
thus resolved:
11 Resolved* by the General ,&\*cmbUj of Maryland, That
Henry Winter acting in Congtess as one of the
Representatives of this State"—
Sir, it is greatly to be regretted that those gen-
tlemen do not act in the Legislature of Maryland
as representatives of Maryland—
" by his vote for Mr. Pennington"—
They did not know his Christian name—
"the candidate of the Black Republican party"—
Think of it, Mr. Chairman! spread upon the
statute book of Maryland forever! " of the Black
Republican party"—
"for the Speakersliipoftlie House of Representatives,has
misrepresented the sentiment of all parts of this State, and
thereby forfeited the confidence of hei people."
I respectfully tell the gentlemen who voted for
that resolution to take back their message to their
masters, and say that I speak to their masters face
to face, and not through them. Sir, it has always
been the striking and marked peculiarity of that
party which now accidentally, and only tempo-
rarily, predominates in the councils of Maryland,
that they will allow no opportunity to pass of,
what they call, " indicating their entire fealty to
the South;" and that, sir, always consists in ex-
citing sectional strife, in mooting matters which
men ought not to argue, in libeling their neighbors,
in endeavoring to make them hateful and disgust-
ing to their fellow-citizens, in giving an advertise-
ment to the whole country that everybody who
is not a Democrat is an Abolitionist; and that if
any fanatics shall see fit at any time to come within
the limits of a southern State for the purpose of
shaking and unsettling the solid foundations of
society, there would be found men who, if they
feared to join them, would yet sympathize with
them. Their whole policy is to poison the minds
of our people against every man not a Democrat
in the free States, to inspire them with distrust,
apprehension, and terror, to teach them to look
on the accession to power of any one called by
the name of Republican as not merely a change
of power from one to another political party, dif-
fering in principle and policy, but equally loyal to
the United States, but as not far removed from
such oppression and danger as to furnish just cause
of seeking revolutionary remedies. Their hope
seems to be to retain power by the fears of one
half the people for the existence of slavery, and
of the other half for the existence of the Ui>ion.
Agitation, clamor, vituperation, audacious and
pertinacious, are their weapons of warfare. Of this
spirit the Legislature of Maryland, as now con-
stituted, is the incarnation. It stands the embodi-
ment of that terrific vision of the Portress of Hell
gate, who, to the eye of Milton,
"Seemed woman to the waist, and fair,
Rut ended foul in many a scaly fold
Voluminous and vast—a serpent armed
With mortal sting: about her middle round
A cry of hell-hounds never ceasing barked
With wide Cerberean mouths full loud, and rung
A hideous peal; yet when they list would creep,
If aught disturbed their noise, into her womb
And kennel there, yet there still barked and howled *
Within unseen."
And they, as false to their mission as the Port-
ress of Hell to hers, stand ready, for the purpose of
retaining their hold of power, to let loose on this
blessed land the Satan of demoniacal passion.
And then, sir, in the midst of these more noisy,
boisterous and disturbing elements, there is a cer-
tain number of small, shriveled, restless beings,
incapable of wielding the arms of logic or of
reason, yet skillful to scratch with poisoned weap-
ons. Of such are the honorable gentlemen who
contrived the resolution.
They supposed that I was so weak before my
friends in Maryland that they could take from
me the confidence of that constituency which has
| stood by me through good report and through evil
report, wjulc it blew a storm as well "as when it-
was calm. Sir, I represent my constituents; and
I knoio the people of Maryland even beyond the
limits of my constituents better than these dab-
blers in eternal agitation; and I say that, right
or wrong?*wise or unwise, honest in its motives
or unfaithful in its motives, that vote of mine is,
to-day, not only approved, but honored and ap-
plauded by every man whose opinion I regard.
[Applause m the galleries.] I say that now, this
day, I am stronger in my district and in the State
of Maryland, in any appeal I may see fit to make
to the people, on my vote for Speaker, than all
the banded body of the Legislature bound into
one man. And, sir, unless I am greatly deceived
by the press of the southern Opposition, the Amer-
ican members of the Legislature ar£? as little in
sympathy with their political friends in the South
as they are with the people of Maryland.
Why, sir, what are the circumstances of that
election? I*, sir, have no apologies to make. I
have no excuses to render. What I did, I did
on my own judgment, and did not look across my
shoulder to see what my constituents would think.
I told my constituents that I would come here a
free man, or not at all; and they sent me here on
that condition. I told them that if they wanted a
slave to represent them, they could get plenty;
but I was not one. I told them that I had al-
ready passed through more than one difficult, com-
