2504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Wendell as Printer of the House in the Thirty-
Fourth Congress.
m. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio,
I believe, did not vote for him. He could not
have been elected, however, by this side of the
House without the votes of the Republican mem-
bers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe that only three or
four Republican members voted for him.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that the Senate insists on its disagreement
to the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 416) " to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain, and
for other purposes," and agree to the conference
asked for by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Mouses thereon, and have appointed
Mr. Johnson of Tennessee, Mr. Johnson of
Arkansas, and Mr. Harlan, the committee on
the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
House of the following titles:
An act (No. 656) to grant a pension to Mary
J. Harris, widow of Colonel Tnomas L. Harris,
deceased; and
An act (No. 367) for the relief of Braxton Bragg
and Randall S. Gibson.
The former with an amendment, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House;
and the latter without amendment.
Also, that the Senate have passed a bill of the
following title:
An act (No. 11) to provide for the payment of
expenses incurred by the Territories of Wash-
ington and Oregon in the suppression of Indian
hostilities therein in the years 1855 and 185G.
PUBLIC PRINTING—AGAIN.
Mr. BURNETT. Now, sir, what is the duty
of the President of the United States? Kveiy
gentleman here, I suppose, understands the duty
of that officer under a law of this description. The
gentleman from Virginia says the President knew
that we were paying too much for this Post Office
blank printing, and that he ought to have fur-
nished the House with that information, and rec-
ommended the correction of the abuse. Now, sir,
my friend from Virgifiia was not a member of the
last Congress, or he would have; recollected that
a committee was raised by this House, on motion
of his colleague, [Mr. Smitii,J upon this very
subject of the public printing, lor the very pur-
pose of correcting abuses, and there l#ive been
two or three committees upon the same subject.
This very subject of printing the Post OiKcc
blanks has been here every session for the last
two or three Congresses. This House has been
apprised in reference to it. The President knew
that the House was apprised of the fact that we
were paying more for this printing than it could
be done for. Pie knew that committees had boon
appointed upon the subject, which could furnish
all the information necessary to enable the House
to correct whatever abuse existed. I will say to
the gentleman from Virginia that when his service
here has been a little longer, he will find that one
of the most difficult things he has ever attempted
will be to stop any portion of the public money,
which has gone into the pockets of the hungry
cormorants around this Capitol, from being con-
tinued to them. It is almost impossible to do it.
Now, sir, I repeat that the President is not to
blame in this matter. We have recently had, at
the other end of the Capitol, an investigation by
able men upon the subject of the printing, and the
result of that investigation has shown that the
reports of the waste and extravagance, in connec-
tion with this subject, have been very much exag-
gerated. The Executive is not censurable.
Mr. PRYOR. 1 protest against the inference
which may be drawn, possibly, from my own re- ,
marks—certainly from the construction put upon I
them by the gentleman from Kentucky—that I
have imputed corruption to the President of the
United States. Notatall. If Ithoughthe wasguilty
of corruption, I would exhibit articles of impeach-
ment against him. That is not the point I make.
What I said was, that the President of the Uni-
ted States, knowing that Congress had appropri-
ated a certain sum for a certain purpose, which
sum was ten times more than the actual exigen-
cies of the service, was under obligation to inform
Congress of the fact, and to suggest an amend-
ment of the law. The gentleman says that Con-
gress knew it. Very well, that does not affect
the duty of the President.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman misunder-
stood me, if he supposed 1 admitted that-the
President knew there was anything wrong. The
President is not a judicial officer of this Govern-
ment, charged with the duty of investigating sub-
jects of this kind, and therefore ho had no right
to know. While this House did engage in the
investigation of it, and ought to have ascertained
whatever wrong existed 
Mr. PRYOR.. I think it has been very satis-
factorily demonstrated that the President of the
United States did know that the pay for this work
was excessive, else why did he say to a subordi-
nate that $20,000 of the profits might go for the
support of certain newspapers?
Mr. BURNETT. Now we come back to the
original proposition. If my friend from Virginia
says he does not charge the President with cor-
ruption, I say that if his statement be true, that
the President of the United States did take $20,000
from the printing fund, or from any other fund,
and pay it out to favorites, he was guilty of cor-
ruption, and ought to have articles of impeach-
ment preferred against him.
Mr. PRYOR. If the gentleman will permit me
to say a word, I will tell him that the allegation I
make is proved by uncontrovcrted testimony. I
affirm, on the authority of unim peached testimony,
that the President of the United States did inti-
mate to the gentleman who had the printing of
these Post Office blanks that the surplus of ex-
penditure over the cost of the work should go to
the support of party presses—to a Cincinnati pa-
per, or some paper in Ohio, of which 1 believe
Governor Mcdary was editor, and to the Penn-
sylvanian of Philadelphia.
Mr. BURNETT. Now, Mr. Speaker, if that
testimony exists, I have not yet seen it. I do not
raise any controversy with the gentleman fiom
Virginia, because 1 do not know that such testi-
mony does not exist; but, sir, until the record is
produced, I cannot meet my friend in argument
upon this subject.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Kentucky
to allow me to say 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 cannot yield the floor.
Mr. COX. 1 want to say that, at that time,
Governor Medary was not in Columbus.
Mr. PRYOR. I speak that which I know, be-
cause the proposition was made to me as the editor
of a paper.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to these interrup-
tions. I want the gentleman from Kentucky to
go on and finish Ins speech.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not mean to be diverted
from my object.
Mr. PRYOR. My friend from Kentucky) after
challenging us to produce the testimony, will not
enfor.ee the gag law?
Mr. BURNETT. I havo not put the gag law
upon the gentleman. I have been as courteous to
him as he could demand that I should be. I have
yielded him the floor whenever he asked for it. 1
have occupied the floor much longer, myself, than
I intended. My remarks have been extended by
the interruptions made by gentlemen on all sides.
Now, sir, I do not mean to be diverted from the
proposition which I have laid down, that the Pres-
ident of the United States is not censurable in con-
nection with this subject of the printing of the
Post Office blanks; but that the responsibility rests !
upon the two Houses of Congress. This is the :
law-making power; and this act was passed in
1852—the act, I mean, which fixes the rates of pub-
lic printing of the executive, the legislative, and
thejudicialdepartmcntsof theGovcrnment. Isay,
if there have been" any abuses connected with the
public printing, if there have been charges made
under the law, which were enormous and wrong,
the responsibility belongs to the two Houses of
Congress. I may be allowed to quote, i hope, in
reply to the gentleman, the language of his distin-
guished colleague, [Mr. Smith:] would the gen-
tleman, would the House, would anybody hang
a dog upon the testimony that has been adduced
here? Why, sir, the man who publishes to the
world his own infamy, bolrtlvand unblushingly;
the man who, in the face of the people, will write
irfamy upon himself, with his own sign manual,
deserves no credit from anybody.
I will call the attention of the House to another
fact. In the Thirty-Fourth Congress I advo-
cated a reduction on all of the public printing. I
believed then, as I believe now, that the rates are
too high. But, sir, in that Congress, the Demo-
cratic party were in a minority. In the Thirty-
Fifth Congress, we were in the majority; and
we undertook a reform in connectiou with this
whole subject of public printing. We put upon
the committee which was raised our best men.
A distinguished gentleman from Virginia disap-
pointed chairman. We called upon that commit-
tee for a report, and for evidence to show that
these corruptions existed, in order that we might
correct them. We desired to apply legislative en-
actment for the correction of all the abuses com-
plained of. If we have not done that, it is the
fault, not of the executive department, but of the
legislative.
1 am not here as the defender of this Adminis-
tration. In some matters of policy I have dif-
fered with it. I am not here to put myself in the
position of indorsing all that any Administration
will do; but I do enter my solem protest against
a charge being made against the executive de-
partment of the Government to which it is not
obnoxious. It belongs to the legislative, and not
to the executive department of the Government,
to correct abuses connected with the subjcct of
the public printing.
Now, sir, when the President makes a recom-
mendation, and urges upon Congress to do a thing
which he thinks is right, gentlemen find fault with
him. They denounce him because he dared to
express his opinions on a great question connected
with the legislative affairs of the country. It was
considered presumptuous in him to do so. He was
alleged to be guilty of the grossest outrage. They
find fault with him because he gave his views on
a great question exciting the en tire country; while,
at the same time, the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr.Puvoit] and the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Haskin] ccnsure him because he does not
give his opinions upon a subject of which Con-
gress was fully advised, and had initiated legisla-
tive action. If you censure him for giving opin-
ions, and then pursue the same course because he
does not give opinions, 1 do think that you are
treating him with great unfairness.
The member from New York [Mr. Haskin]
has reported from the Committee on Public Ex*
penditures a joint resolution, reducing the rates
for the public printing forty per cent. I intend
to vote for that proposition. Pie has stated to this
House that the gentlemen who have been doing
the public printing, and who are doing it now,
can stand a reduction of forty per cent., and then
receive a just remuneration for their labor. I am
for that. I am against paying the Public Printers
one dollar more than to fairly remunerate them
for their services and expenses. I am for giving
fair salaries to all those we employ."
I am opposed to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Gurley,] which looks to
the establishment of a Government printing office.
My friend from Alabama [Mr. Clopton] referred
to the fact that a printing establishment owned
by the Government would enlarge the Federal
patronage. Can anybody deny that? Can any
one estimate the number of employes that will be
engaged in a gigantic Government printing office?
Can the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gurley] be-
gin to count up the number of employes that will
find place in a bureau where is to be done the en-
tire printing, not only for the executive, but for
the legislative and judicial departments? We
have already a Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing, and in that office there are now eleven em-
ployes.
Now, when we have bought or built a printing
establishment, when we have the presses and ail
the other necessary materials ready, how many
employes will be found there? How much will it
take to start this immense machine? How much
will it cost to build the establishment, provide it
with presses and other material, and then, how
much will it cost to keep it in working order? Ail
these are pertinent questions. With all due re-
spect to gentlemen who favor the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, and who may, perhaps,
know more about the public printing than I do,
I must be permitted to say, that in my judgment,
a few years trial of such a vast concern will dem-
onstrate its impracticability. It will prove the
