mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20„
State or Territory, shall make any enactment, or do any
act, which attempts to dive*t, impair, or prejudice any right
which the owner of staves or any other epecica of propeity
may "have or claim in anyTemtoiy,or elsewhere, by virtue
of the Constitution or otherwise, and the party aggrieved
shall bring his case before the SupremeCourt ot the'United
States, the Democracy ot Illinois, as in duty bound by their
obligations ot fidelity to the Constitution, will cheerfully
and faithfully respect and abide by the decision, and use all
lawful means to aid in giving it full effect according to its
true intent and meaning.'
" These resolutions affirm the doctrine held by the Illinois
Democracy upon the mooted questions to which they relate.
I stand upon them and by them.
"Mr. Faunsworth. Will iny colleague allow the rest
of the resolutions to be read?
<s Mr. McCleknanxj. Certainly. My colleague can have
them read, if ho chooses to do so."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Cleric, that re-
port of the colloquy that took place is not corrcct.
J requested that the balance of the resolutions
should be read. The reply of my colleague was
that I could have them read when I could get the
floor for that purpose. Afterwards, before he had
concluded, I rose again and called the attention of
the House and the gentleman to the fact that a
portion of the resolutions adopted by that conven-
tion had not been read, but were suppressed.
Now, sir, I wish to have read those resolutions
that were adopted by that convention,and which
were omitted l>y my colleague.
Mr. LOGAN. Read them all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Clerk, read the
two resolutions 1 have marked.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I hope the gentleman
will have the whole series read, as he seems to be
very anxious to have them before the country.
I approve them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the Clerk to read
the two resolutions which [ have indicated, and
which were shipped by my colleague.
The Clerk read, as follows:
u Resolved, That the Dcmociacy of Illinois, m ^tatc Con-
vention av-.«Mubtcd, do ro.xveit and affirm the Cincinnati
plattonn, in the words spirit, and meaning with which the
same was adopted, understood, and ratified hv the people
in 1836, and do icieet.ind ulteily icpurimti: all Mich new
issue-f and tests as the tevival of the Aluean slave trade, or
a congressional slave code for the Tantorics, or the doctrine
that slavery is a Federal institution, deyinng i/s validity in
the several States and Territories in which U exists from the
Constitution of the United States, instead of being a men*
viunitipal in$(ilutton*e.cisting in sink States and Tci ntories
1 under the l.w s they eoj.'
l' Iletolved, That the Democracy r f Illinois mpel with
just indignation the injurious and unfounded imputation
upon the hitegutv and impartiality ot the iSupieme Cotm,
which is contained in the assumption on the part of the so-
called Kepuhlicans that, in the Drcd Scott ease, that august
trifmnal decided against the right of the people of the Teori
lories to determine the slavery question for themselves, with-
out giving them an opportunity of being heard by counsel in
defense of their rights of self government, and when there was
no territorial law, enactment, or fact before the court u'pon
■which that question could possibly arise."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I simply call attention
to the fact that these resolutions were adopted by
that convention, th.it the House and the country
may understand where the Democratic party of
Illinois stands. Jt will be perceived that in the
last of these resolutions read, they take the posi-
tion the Republican party have always taken, that
slavery is a mere local institution, existing, in the
States where it does exist," under the laics thereof,"
and that it does not derive its validity or vitality,
in whole or in part, from the Constitution of the
United States. I repeat that I have called atten-
tion to these resolutions, that the House and the
country may know where thus party stands, and
to ask my colleagues whether they indorse these
resolutions of the Democratic party of Illinois?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will ask my colleague
whether he, as a Republican, indorses them?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 subscribe fully to the
doctrine 
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask whether you in-
dorse all these resolutions ? Answer categorically.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I subscribe to the doc-
trine that slavery is a local concern in the States
where it exists.
Mr. McCLERNANlJ. Do you subscribe also
to the doctrinc of non-intervention by Congress
in the Territories?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will say to my col- |
league that I do not subscribe to all the doctrines 1
contained in that series of resolutions. ;
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman said he |
rose, for the purpose of making a personal ex- ■
planation, to correct the report of the proceedings
of the House, as those proceedings related to
him. Well, sir, what he said may  nt have been
correctly reported; but what I said, I think, is
reported correctly in the main.
In one point the gentleman is mistaken in what
I said. He asked me, while I was proceeding
with my remarks the other day, whether 1 would
allow another resolution to be read. I replied,
certainly, the gentleman could have it read. I had
read, at that time, the resolutions which related to
the subject under discussion, which was the power
of the territorial Legislatures over the subject of
slavery. I did not choose to have the other reso-
lutions read at that time, because they were not
pertinent to the matter under consideration. That
was the reason I did not choose to extend my re-
marks by introducing irrelevant matter. I believe,
however, the resolutions called for by the gentle-
man were read a short time before at the Clerk's
desk, at the request of my colleague from the
Ctuincy district, [Mr. Morris.] It was, there-
fore, unnecessary that they should be again rend
by mo. I said then, as I say now, that my col-
league can have thorn read over again and again,
if he pleases to do so. I was under no obligation
to do what the gentleman could do as well as my-
self.
Mr FARNSWORTH. The subject under de-
bate at that time was the question mooted by
Mr. Carter, of New York, wherein he had taken
the position that the Constitution does not recog-
nize property in men, and had asked 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Not at all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The question had
been put by him to Democrats on the other side
of the House, win llier they were m favor of a con-
gressional slave code in tile Territories? Now,
my colleague, instead of reading the resolutions
of the. Illinois Democracy on that question of a
slave code in the Teiritories, and the protection
which the Constitution affords to slavery, omitted
that, and had others read on a different subject.
I simply desired that the matter might come faiily
before the House, and that the whole platform
should be read, so that the country and the south-
ern Democracy might understand where the Illi-
nois Democracy stand.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The country will not
be hkcly to look to my colleague to ascertain
where the Illinois Democracy stand. Their res-
olutions were adopted m open day in the face of
the country, have been published' in the papers,
and circulated far and near. The gentleman is
trying to make a point out of something that is
quite insignificant in itself—in fact, too small for
notice. The gentleman lias erred in stating what
the question was to which I was answering the
other day. It was one put by the gentleman from
New York, fMr. Carter,] and was as to the
power of a Territorial Legislature over the sub-
ject of slavery in the Territory. My friend from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] answered that question. Thegen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] answered,
and I answered it. My colleague, I suppose,
means by his interference, to-day, to induce the
public to believe: that lie stands with us upon this
question. Now, he is opposed to us and we will
have nothing to do with him. We repudiate him,
his sentiments, and his gratuitous interference in
our behalf.
Mr. BABBITT resumed the floor.
Mr. PRYOR. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BABBITT. I understand the gentleman
wishes to make a personal explanation, and I will
permit him to do so.
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Clerk, I am reluctant to
solicit the attention of the House, e\en for a mo-
ment, on a matter of personal privilege; but the
disagreeable duly is imposed upon me by an arti-
cle i  the latest issue of the New York Herald.
I wish to protest at once, however, that I own no
obligation to respond to anything that issues from
the pen or the inspiration of Jn nies Gordon Bennett.
I should disparage the dignity of my position,
and affront the feelings of honorable members, if
I were to admit the propriety or the necessity of
recognizin^any utterance from that notorious in-
dividual—a man who is conspicuous by the per-
sistent and flagrant violation of all the rights and
virtuous instincts of humanity; who has supplied
himself with money and the means of a perni-
cious influence b\ extorting contributions from
the fears of innocence and levying subsidies upon
the gratitude of sympathetic and confederate vil-
lainy; a wretch who bears upon his back the scars
of many a merited chastisement, and upon his
soul the taint of every conceivable abomination;
a miscreant who, in consenting to the dishonor of
his own family and the profanation of the most
sacred relation of life, has committed a crime for
which no language furnishes a commensurate term
of scorn and detestation; a foul and filthy creature,
whose name is the execration of both continents,
and from whose contact truth and virtue shrink as
from the touch of leprosy; a fiend who, denied the
privileges of human fellowship and exiled from
the courtesies and charities of the social circle, is
condemned to wear out the small remnant of a
guilty and miserable existence in a solitude for
which the wages of a prostitute press can pur-
chase no relief and no consolation. I repeat to
the House, that I would not obtrude upon their
presence the image of an individual whose unut-
terable and unapproachable infamy distinguishes
and stigmatizes him as the shame and the oppro-
brium of humanity.
But. m candor, Mr. Clerk, I will not deny that
he has some pretext of apology for his attack on
me, since, in the discharge of my duty as a jour-
nalist, I had frequent occasion to lash him until
even his rhinoceros hide quivered with the pangs
of excoriated sensibility. Let him continue his
assaults. No gentleman can desire a more signifi-
cant and satisfactory complimcnt than the abuse
of James Gordon Bennett. His applause is an
argument of suspicion; his invective is a title of
honor.
I repeat, that I do not advert to the article in
the Herald in recognition of any issue between
Mr. James Gordon Bennett and myself, but to
vindicate myself on an issue which the language
of that journal raises between my honorable col-
league [Mr. Millson] and myself. With that
view, I invite the attention of the House to a sin-
gle paragraph from a brutal attack upon me in the
New York Herald, of January 19:
"Time w.v?, until Pryor, when 'Virginian'wa*;synony-
mous with * gentleman.' Nor was Ins vulgarity allowed to
pass umelmkcdhy his colleagues, one of whom [Mi. Mill-
son] called Pryou to order twice, and vindicated, to a cei-
tam e\tent, the name and fame of the Old Dominion. From
the tone ot the debate, it h evident, also, that other south-
ern gentlemen icgictted the occurrence, and believed that
the Uoihc had been deguuled by it.'' * * i
" The country legauh the pettonalities and vulgar abuse
of u member like Pryor as matteis of very little conse-
quence, when they aie promptly condemned by his own
colleagues *'
Nov.', Mr. Clerk, it is possible that I may have
misunderstood my colleague. I certainly did not
understand that on the occasion alluded to by the
Herald, he intended any rebuke for me. Am I
correct5
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Clerk, it is due to my
colleague that I should say a word. I never heard
of this article in the Herald, upon which my col-
league is commenting, until this instant. I have
never seen it, and, of coursc, have never read it.
I was wholly unaware of it until my colleague
rose to a personal explanation; and when he rose
I did not know what his purpose might be.
Mr. PRYOR. My colleague has heard what
I have read. Upon the assumption that my col-
league rebuked me, he will sec that the New York
Herald bases a most brutal attack upon me.
Mr. MILLSON. I can only say that I do not
know how the editor of the New York Herald
could base any attack upon my colleague on the
call to order which I felt it to be my duty the other
day to interpose. I saw that my colleague was
excited in debate, and I rose for the purpose of
suggesting a point of order. I did it kindly, cer-
tainly with no idea of personal rebuke, but for the
purpose of protecting the decorum and dignity of
the House against—not merely in reference to the
remark my colleague was betrayed into for the
instant—but to protect the decorum and dignity of
the House in discussions upon this floor. I rose
intending icspectfully and kmdly to suggest to my
colleague, as [ think"I did, that he had the ability
to inflict just such severity as he might suppose
the occasion required without transgressing any
of the rules of order or violating parliamentary
decorum. It was only when my colleague, as I
thought, perhaps prompted by a momentary irri-
tation, repeated the expression alluded to; it was
only when I supposed that he was making an issue
with the House, that I thought it my duty to call
him to order, and to request a vote of the House
on the question. I can only say that it was done
in all kindness and courtesy toward my colleague.
