I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
36th Cons. ... 1st Ssss.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Davis.
Ho. op Beps!
plex, dangerous, session of Congress; that I had
been obliged, again and again, to do that which is
least grateful to my feelings, to stand not merely
opposed to my honorable political opponents, but
to stand alone among my political friends with-
out the strength and support which a public man
receives from being buoyed up breast-high by
men of ^ke sentiments, elected on like principles,
and who, if there b<!*fcrror, would stand as a shield
and bulwark between him and his responsibility.
I foresaw then, cxactly as it resulted, that the
time would come when I would be obliged again
to take that stand; and I wanted my people to
know it, so that if they chose to have another,
one who would go contrary to his judgment, and
bend like a willow when the storm came, they
might pick him out, and choose the material for
their work.
Mr. Chairman, they sent me here, and I have
done what I know was my duty. Sir, it is my
proud satisfaction at this moment that, having
given no side-wind reasons, having made no apol-
ogetic statement, spontaneously, without asking,
I know this day that my constituents approve what
I have done; and that, if not the fit reason for my
doing so. is at least a consolation after doing it.
The honorable gentlemen of the Legislature pre-
sume to know better what my constituents think
than 1 do. They possibly will find out that they
do not know so much about the honorable gentle-
man who occupies the Speaker's chair as my con-
stituents know. The objection made to me in the
Maryland Legislature by the mover of one of the
resolutions was, that I had not voted for my friend
from North Carolina. The rapidity of the transit
of information from Washington to Annapolis is
apparent to any one. The diligence with winch
these self-constituted mdges of my conduct make
. themselves acquainted with it, adds greatly to th'c
weight of their condemnation. The care with
which they studied the code before its passage,
leads me to fear that they learn our proceedings
chiefly from expurgated editions in their country
newspapers,via Allegheny and St. Mary's. Not
only no Democrat, but no American, could, or
ventured, or cared, to correct the blunder.
Thus ignorant of cotemporary events, it were
unreasonable to expect them to know events
twenty years old—to them a period beyond the
memory of man or newspaper—the subject of tra-
dition, merely.
It is not.to be supposed that they could identify
the honorable gentleman who so worthily fills the
Speaker's chair, with that "Whig Governor of New
Jersey whose broad seal was discarded by the
Democrats of this House when they wished to
usurp the Speakership of the House, and had not
the votes to do it without rejecting the votes of
the New Jersey members. Tiieydid not,but my
constituents do know that fact; and they think
that his elevation is a righteous rebuke, after long
delay, for that usurpation. They know—though j
it cannot be supposed the Legislature do—that the I
Governor of Now Jersey, of that day, was a Whig j
in the day of Whig greatness. The gentlemen of j
the Legislature cannot be expected to know, but
my constituents know, that General 'taylor ap-
pointed to a high office, in his gift, that same dis-
tinguished gentleman, and that, though the Sen-
ate of the United States unanimously confirmed
him, he declined the honor. The gentlemen of
this Legislature cannot be expected to know that
Millard Fillmore, whose name at this day, in
Maryland, stands second only to that of the im-
mortal Clay, appointed him likewise to another
high and responsible office, which he declined to
accept.. Perhaps his contempt for office excites
their indignation. They, of course, cannot be
expectcd to know that the distinguished gentle-
man to whom I refer is a Whig in his politics, now
called a Republican, in favor of the enforcement
of every law that any southern State has any in-
terest in, and of that one in which Maryland, more
than any other, has a direct and practical, not a
Eolitical and party interest. The gentlemen of the
legislature could not be expected to know—but
my constituents know—that this honorable gentle-
man is sound on all those more practical questions
touching the protection of American industry and
river and harbor improvements, in which they
have so direct and deep an interest. They know
full well that it is by the votes of such men we
must secure the inauguration of that policy, so
essential to the industrial interests of Maryland,
The gentlemen of the Legislature may not know
—but my constituents know—that above andbe-
yond all other things, the gentleman whom I aided
i m elevating to the chair is of moderate views, in
| favor of silence on the slavery question, of putting
! an end to the internecine strife of sections that
] has raged for years; and, therefor^ of all men the
I man to sit in that chair—at once tne symbol and
i the pledge to the country of the peace that is be-
| fore us,If we will only not repel it. It is because
i my constituents,know and approve these things,
| that they approve my vote.
I supposed that there would be clamor over
i that vote. 1 did notintend to trouble myself about
i it. I know the quarter from which it was likely
! to come. I knew that the majority of the gen-
1 tlemen of the Legislature would adopt some such
| resolution. I confess myself surprised that my
, own friends, excepting four of them, voted for it.
j I fear that in an evil hour some of them allowed
themselves to be frightened. I suspect some of
them were afraid that they should be called " Ab-
olitionists/' Subjected to the torture of voting
against a resolution which was supposed to be in
favor of southern rights, or of deserting a friend,
they could not bo expectcd to regard justicc to me
rather than safety to themselves. So every man
took care of himself. Some voted for the resolu-
tions who went through their election on my
shoulders. They did not know that when they
saw away the bough between themselves and the
tree they must fall. [Laughter.] But, sir, it was
a curious scene, that vote. The clerk called the
name of an American in the Legislature once, and
there was a pause; twice, and there was a shuttling;
timer, and there was a hesitating response. Then
there was a period of blessed repose, when certain
Democratic names were called and were responded
to wna that earnestness with which Democrats
always respond when aiming a blow at a political
adversary. Then some unfortunate Americans
were called upon to vote. The gentlemen stood
first on one leg, and then on the other, in sad doubt
on which to rest: gentlemen looked over their
shoulders to see if there were not some dust of a
coming reprieve: some rushed to inquire of friends
whether they ought or ought not to vote for the
resolution:—while there sal their inexorable and
determined opponents, with their eyes glaring
upon them and their mouths open, sure of their
preyaftertheflutteringwasover;and in they went.
[Laughter.] The scene I am sural should never
have been able to describe had it not been for the
torture and agony whieh certain honorable gentle-
men upon the other side of the House suffered
when called upon to cast a patriotic vote for my
friend from North Carolina. [Renewed laughter.]
Sir, I admire the audacity of the Maryland Dem-
ocrat as much as I deplore the weakness of the
Maryland American.
Mr. Chairman, I know that I have to meet—
and I shall meet with all equanimity—all the ob-
loquy that is attached to the course that I have
! felt it to be my duty to pursue; and I know fehat
| so far as I am worth pursuing—a gentleman in
j the Legislature had difficulties about passing the
| resolution for fear it should give me too much im-
portance—so far as I am worth pursuing, I do not
doubt that I shall be well hounded. I remember
that a great many years ago, not this Hall, but
the old Hall of Representatives, was the scene of
a great struggle, which excited the country at that
day as'much as the one through which we have
just passed excited us in our day; and I remem-
ber, sir, that there was an illustrious individual
who there found himself bound by his duty to the
country to depart from his personal preferences,
and, to some extent, from his political friends, and
j to cast a decisive vote for John Ctuincy Adams,
! of Massachusetts,for President. And from that
day to the day of his death, there was no time
that the howl of "bargain and corruption" did
not pursue him to his grave. Sir, I have sat at
his feet and learned my political principles. I can
tread his path of political martyrdom. Before
any cry of Legislatures or people I will not yield;
they may pass over my prostrate body or my
ruined reputation; but step aside I will not to
avoid either fate. I care not. sir, whether it be
in one shape or another that the danger may come
I am aware that we all this day regard the negro
question as that which is decisive, important, and
controlling. There have been others %t other times
equally important, equally exciting, equally con-
trolling. There have been Legislatures that have
been anxious to strike down a political opponent*
There have been timid constituencies who have
deserted their Representatives for serving' them
too faithfully. There have been stormy constit-
uencies which demanded humiliating things of
their Representatives. The special trial of our
day comes from the feverish excitement on the
slavery question, and the despotic intolerance of
any deviation from the extremest views of either
sido. For myself, sir, on every question I mean
to assert my independence, awed by no authority
into acts which I disapprove.
k{ Non avium ardoi yrava jubenthim,
Mente quatit feolidiw-negtie atwtcr"—
No, sir; not even the south wind. Whether it
relate to a matter of financial policy, or to a mat*-
tcr of sectional strife, no man is fit for this place
who is not willing to take his political life in his
hand, and, without looking back, go forward on
the line of" what he regards as right; and, sis,
whether it relates to the material interests of my
constituents, or to those great political interests
which are supposed to be bound up with the ex-
istence of slavery in the slave States, I trust I shall
never allow myself, by any clamor, or by any
storm, however loud, or however fierce, for an in-
stant to be mode to veer from that course which
strikes me.to be right. I am not here merely as
a member from the fourth congressional district
of Maryland. I am not here merely to represent
the residue of the State of Maryland. I am not
entitled to consult their prejudices as only worthy
of regard. I am bound to look to a wider con-
stituency, to a higher duty. If my duty to that
wider constituency can be made to promote the
interests of my local constituency, then my duty
to the two coincides. But, sir, m the great ne-
cessities of public life, there have been hereto-
fore, and there may be again, occasions on which
I may be called upon, as other public men have
heretofore been, to make the painful decision that
the interest of the nation requires that I shall dis-
regard the opinions, unanimous, firm, repeatedly-
expressed, of my constituency. I humbly pray
that that may not occur, but that, if it do, I shall
have strength equal to the occasion; at least such
now is my resolution.
* Mr. Chairman, I had intended, but I have not
time, to speak to otic or two other points. [Cries
of4'Go on!"] I think that the spirit which lies
at the bottom of the resolutions which the lower
House of the legislature of Maryland in an evil
hour has adopted, is of sinister import to the peo-
ple of this country. I wish, sir, I had time to
develop how sinister it is.
They were extraordinary circumstances under
which the election of Speaker took place, which is
summarily condemned by that Legislature. We
had met, and been struggling for eight weeks, I
think. At the meeting of this session of Congress,
an explosion of passion of revolutionary intensity
—beyond anything it has been my fortune to see
here or to read of outside of the revolutionary
assemblies of Paris—greeted us upon our advent.
One greats body of gentlemen, evidently deeply
in earnest, however much I may deplore that
earnestness, and however much I may think them
in error in their estimate of the causes of their in-
dignation, manifestly felt themselves to be upon
the blink of great, decisive, and revolutionary
events. One portion of this House, day after day,
branded the Representatives of the great majority
of the people of the free States as traitors to the
country, instigators of assassination, bent upon
breaking up and destroying slavery in the States,
carrying into the midst of our families the torch
and the knife of the assassin and incendiary. Great
States, moved from their propriety, passed beyond
what hitherto they had done, and adopted reso-
lutions which, however moderate in their tone,
looked revolutionary in their aspect, and must,in
their execution, have been revolutionary. For
the first time, I believe, in the history of the Gov*
ernment, a great and patriotic State was so deeply
moved as to be forgetful of that clause of the Con-
stitution which forbids the entering of one State
into compacts or agreements with another, and to
