2506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
samelineand arguingfor the same purpose,admits
that the President did know of this extravagant
appropriation, and attempts to extenuate it on the
plea that it was legitimate patronage.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not, sir.
Mr. BCJRNETT. The only thing [hare to say
in connection with that is, that I am not to be
hound by the admissions of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania or of the conclusions of the gentle-
man from Virginia either. I have said all that I
intended to say on this subject, with this single
exception: the witness introduced by the gentle-
man from Virginia says, m thatconversation with
the President—and the gentleman must take the
whole statement—when he asked the Presidentif
he knew anything of the matter connected with
the letting of the Post Office blanks, the President
said he did not, nor yet did he give any direction in
regard to it. If the gentleman from Virginia takes
any part of the witness's statement, he must take
the whole of it.
Let me say another thing to the gentleman from
Virginia, and I hope he will not be offended.
Mr. PRYOR. Certainly not.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 say it in all the spirit of
kindness, tfratl hope and trust that hereafter out-
own friends, however they may be disposed to
attack corruptions and fraud wherever they are
found, will be better informed in relation to the
facts of the case before they undertake to make
charges against us which we will have to meet on
every stump. Charges from a man so distin-
guished as himself will be known throughout
the country. I say to the gentleman, that in my
canvass last summer, in my own district, I had
more trouble to meet his charges against the Ad-
ministration than all other charges made. -He
was quoted against me on every stump. I had
enough of him then; and I do not want to have
any more of him. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. PRYOR. I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me an opportunity of making
my acknowledgment to my friend from Kentucky
for the piece of advice he gives to me, a poor legis-
lative tyro. I trust i shall profit by it. But I beg
to inform him, in advance, that I am incorrigible to
tins extent: that when I detect the smell of cor-
ruption and extravagance 1 will endeavor to ex-
pose it without one moment's thought as to what
party it affects or how high the functionaries it
may impeach. He does me too much honor to
Kay that I, making an erroneous statement, could
yet, on my poor authority, give so much trouble
to gentlemen canvassing over the country, that
the member from Kentucky especially was very
nigh losing his seat. I beg to tell the gentleman
that it was not the authority of him who brought
it forward, but the invincible power of truth in
the statement—a truth which I defy him now to
gainsay. Let htm rise now and say he knows it
not to be true.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have to say, and
can prove, that my colleague's statement was erro-
neous.
Mr. PRYOR. Will my colleague undertake
now to prove that my statement was erroneous?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Whenever it he-
comes necessary I will do so.
Mr, PRYOEL I hope the House will, by unani-
mous consent, give my colleague the privilege
now. [Cries of " Yes " Yes !"| 1 know that
the contest is an unequal one, but 1 boldly invite
him to it.
Now, sir, I come back to the allegation of the
gentleman from Kentucky, which is, that 1 have
charged that the Executive was aware that a re-
dundant and unnecessary sum was appropriated
for a particular service, and did not inform Con-
gress of it with aview to retrenchmentand reform,
but dispensed the surplus among the stipendiary
editors of prostitute presses. Gentlemen say I
have n>ot proved the proposition. I think I have
adduced at [east prima facie evidence, sufficient to
throw them on the negation. Does any one of
them d«'nv the charge?
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will let me say a word in this con-
nection.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no desire to occupy
moic than a moment or two of time. I promised
the gentleman from New York that I would not
occupy more than iive minutes, as it was the gen-
eral understanding that the previous question
should be called at one o'clock; and I fear that,
from the haste with which I have thought, and
the rapidity with which I have enunciated,! have
hardly made my purpose understood in occupy-
ing the floor, lhave been speaking against time,
and the subject is one which it requires more
time to elaborate than I have had to devote to it.
I now yield to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I rise to a question
of order. I will interpose no objection now, but
I give notice that hereafter I shall certainly insist
that gentlemen shall confine themselves to the
subject-matter under debate. We have had quite
| enough of this.
I Mr. BURNETT. My friend from Virginia
! asks me the question, whether I will make an
' issue with him on the matters involved in his pub-
lication which I stated was used against me in my
canvass last summer. I tell him that I did make
an issue with him then. I believed he was in
error.
Mr. PRYOR. Will the gentleman make an
issue with me about this specific Post Office blanks
appropriation ? That is the issue.
Air. BURNETT. I have made an issue with
the gentleman. He has presented his side, and I
have presented mine.
Mr. PRYOR. One word, if the gentleman will
allow me. I make this proposition to the gentle-
man, and 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman must remem-
ber that I am holding the floor by the permission
of the gentleman from New Yoi k, [Mr. Haskin.]
It looks as though I was now holding it ad libi-
tum. [Great laughter.]
Mr. PRYOR. I trust the House will excuse
me for trespassing so frequently upon their atten-
tion; but they find me contending against unequal
odds, in numbers and ability. 1 have but a single
remark to make, and it is in the form of a prop-
osition to the gentlemen from Kentucky. Here
is a matter in issue about which we dispute. Now,
let the House give us a committee, and appoint
me chairman, and him next in order, and I will
engage to prove my charge to the House, and to
the country.
Mr. BURNETT. I intend to be no party to
any movement which has for its object the per-
formance of the duties which my friend from Vir-
ginia so eloquently denounced this morning.
Mr. PRYOR. Allov me a word. Air. Speaker,
I do not wish to be misrepresented; and I am sure
my friend from Kentucky would not misrepresent
me.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not intend to do it.
Mr. PRYOR. I am, therefore, doing him, as
well as myself, a service in correcting him at this
point. I do not want a committee with a roving
commission to expatiate throughout the realms
of infinite investigation in quest of charges to dis-
parage somebody; but I make a single, specific
issue, in conformity with the rigorous rules of the
logic of special pleading; and I demand that he
meet me on that issue.
Mr. BURNETT. We have had two or three
committees on this subject. My friend from Vir-
ginia knows what the Constitution of this coun-
try is. If the President of the United States has
been knowingly engaged m distributing a fund of
corruption—for it is nothing but the blackest sort
of corruption—if he has been guilty of that, let
the gentleman make his charge specifically; and
I will vote for a committee, and place him as its
chairman to probe it to the bottom. If corruption
exists at the other end of the avenue, impeach the
President, arraign him; and if he be guilty, pun-
ish and disgrace him. I would say to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that if, in his eagerness to
expose frauds, and his earnestness to hunt up cor-
ruption, he will join me, with the same zeal which
he has exhibited in this instance, to make war
upon the other side of the House, wc shall have
our time amply employed for the entire session.
Mr. PRYOR. Allow me one moment ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. 1 object to this whole thing.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to the
further yielding of the floor, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will proceed.-
Mr. HOUSTON. I proposed an amendment
yestetday and wanted to discuss it. I regret that
the time is being taken up m this way, and I
hope the time allowed for debate will be prolonged
a little while. I would like to discuss the princi-
ples of my amendment; and if there is to be any
time allowed for debate before the calling of the
previous question, I object to its being appropri-
ated to outside issues.
Mr. HASKIN. The hour of one o'clock to-
day was fixed yesterday for the calling of the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will yield for a moment
to the gentleman from Virginia. *
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to this yielding to
any one.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I will proceed.
Mr. PRYOR. It is a matter of personal im-
port that I wish to be heard upon.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it is a personal explana-
tion or remark, I have no objection.
Mr. PRYOR. My friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett,] just as he took his seat, inferentially
alleged that some how I was embarrassing my
party friends in their war upon the other side of
the House. I ask him to do me the kindness to
explain that remark.
Mr. BURNETT. This is what] say, and the
gentleman can put his own construction on it; but
the one which he has put upon it is wrong. I
said this: that if my friend, instead of firing his
shafts at us, or rather at the President of the Uni-
ted States—for I do not think he hit anybody else,
and I do not think he hurt the President; that is
my opinion about it—but if he will exercise the
same zeal, with his marked ability, (I ought to
put that in,) and let us stand here together and
fire our broadsides at the other side of the House,
instead of getting up a family quarrel among our-
selves, he would, do well.
Mr. PRYOR. I beg to exculpate myself from
any such impeachment—
" Non tali auxiliojfinec defensoubus istis."
I am not in alliance, or confederation, or com-
bination, with gentlemen upon the other side. I
am fighting upon my own independent individual
responsibility, in defense, as I conceive, of the
interests of the people. 1 do not intend to em-
barrass my own party. They damage the Democ-
racy who would involve its fortunes with the in-
terests of corruption. 1 propound anothertheory
of party policy. Nor do 1 intend to impeach th6
President; on the contrary, I would gladly allevi-
ate the " sorrows of the pour old man." (Laugh-
ter.]
But, sir, in the interests of thepeoplc'of the Uni-
ted Suites, and of the Democratic party especially,
i wash my hands of all taint of corruption. I am
prompt to ferret out, and to repress corruption,
whether it be in the Democratic party or else-
where. I want no concealments and equivocation,
such as we Democrats were reproached with in
a former contest. Let us wash our hands of all
stain, and upon a pure record appeal to the people
—appeal to their judgment to sustain us on prin-
ciple.
Mr. BURNETT. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have
a personal explanation for myself. [Laughter.]
The gentleman from Virginia says, let us ferret
out corruption, wherever it maybe. So say I;
but m our zeal to accomplish so good a purpose,
do not let us make charges upon men in high offi-
cial station which the testimony does not sustain.
Mr. PRYOR. What charge have I made?
Mr. BURNETT. Thatthe President knew that
there was wrong connected with this Post Office
blank printing.
Mr. PRYOR. I said the President knew that
excessive profits wore made out of this printing.
Mr. FLORENCE and several other gentlemen
sought the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I protest against
the whole Democratic party rising to its feet.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I have one word more to
say on thus subject.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I see no point to
this debate; and I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 call the gentle-
man from New York to order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh, very well,
then; I will take my seat.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I want to know if this debate is
not already tending too much to ad libitum.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. I understand the gentleman
