120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
36tii Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
send one of her justly-distinguished citizens to the
capital of-Virginia for the purpose of arranging a
common consultation among'thc southern States—
not one of those conventions which from time to
time have met under the usurped authority of a
Governor; not one of those commercial conven-
tions which from time to time have been the result
of a movement on the part of a certain portion of
the southern people—but a mission assuming all
the solemn forms of an embassy, speaking the
tones of the last V\pur before the revolution breaks
out, appealing to the people of Virginia, in their
sovereign capcfcity as represented in their Legis-
lature, by reason of a melancholy event which
had just transpired, to send delegates by law to a
convention of States which, if it did anything,
must assume the form and functions of that great
revolutionary Congress which took the earlier
steps to break the l>onds that bound our fathers
to the throne of Gre^t Britain.
•  I do not agree with those gentlemen as to the
causes of that cxcitement. 1 profoundly regret
the steps that those various Legislatures thought
fit to take, as much as I deplore the intense agi-
tation of the popular nund which tolerated or
favored their adoption. But, sir, I stand here
sworn to support the Constitution of these United
Status—not of any other confederacy which a fu-
ture sun may rise upon — to support the Consti-
tution of these United States; and, under these
circumstances, was it to be expected, or did the
people of Maryland expect, that their Representa-
tive here should, when his vote would elevate to
the Speaker's chair a gentleman, personally and
politically, in every way, so far as 1 am acquainted
with His character and previous conduct, a sym-
bol of peace—of peace to those very States that
were so excited and revolutionary in their meas-
ures—that I should allow the opportunity to pass
of placing that olive branch where men all over
this wide laud could see it? Or, sir, to take an-
other alternative, if the dire day must come that
peaceful secession shall be attempted,and it shall
oe found that peaceful secession means the arrest
of the United States marshal in the execution of
his office; the driving of the United States judge
from the scat of justice; the taking possession of
the custom-houses of the United States; the arrest-
ing the execution of all the laws of the United
States; sir, was it in accordance with my duty
here to allow this Government to be caught in
circumstances so grave, in a crisis so imminent,
withouta House of Representatives competent to
sanction measures which then mightbe necessary?
Was it not a still higher duty to avert the very pos-
sibility of collisions so disastrous, by removing
the apprehensions which might precipitate them?
And how could that bo so well accomplished as
by the elevation to the contested chair of a gentle-
man whose previous political relations, whose
known character for moderation, whose opinions
on the most vexed and deheale questions of an
administrative character touching the sensitive
interests of the slave States, whose gray hairs,
crowning a long life of honor, all gave assurance
to those who looked with undefined apprehension
to a different result of the contest for Speaker, that
under his auspices there might be peace; that at
least there is time for reflection; that at least there
is an hour before strife, when men may,pause and
become cool ?
The honorable the House of Delegates thought
otherwise. Such considerations were wholly be-
neath their view, that anarchy had better reign
than that any one called by the name of Repub-
lican should be elected Speaker; than that the
people of Maryland should see the sad example
of the whole body of the Republican Representa-
tives uniting to electa gentleman known and
foimally declared, in their hearing, to favor the
enforcement of every law, and the protection of
every interest they are represented to be bent on
destroying; nay, for the overthrow and ruin of
which their very party is pronounced a conspiracy.
Sir, there is no act of my life I less regret, none
more defensible on high and statesmanlike rea-
sons; none where the event has more promptly
Indicated Us wisdom. Even now its fruits are, if
I mistake not, visible. The people are relapsing
into repose in the country. Chafed passions ex-
plode less violently in the House.
I trust that now the c&traer judgment of the
other side of the House will modify their views
heretofore expressed, and limit and soften the
sweeping judgment which impeached a whole
political party of conspiracy to promote servile
insurrection.
I think they will be inclined to take a somewhat
different view of the origin, the character, and the
scope of John Brown's crime.
It was no invasion of Virginia at all; still less
an invasion o? Virginia by or from a free State.
It was a conspiracy to free negroes; arrested in
the attempt; defended with arms; stained with
murder, and punished with death. It was a crime
to be dealt with by judge and jury and sheriff.
The utmost vigilance of two governments has
failed to trace a single connection with any body
of men in any State. Two of Brown's confed-
erates were arrested in Pennsylvania without war-
rant and carried without a guard to jail in Virginia.
His arsenal contained two hundred Sharpe's rifles
and something over a thousand pikes; his army
consistedof about twentymen,and though rumor
promised him succor, no one ever saw a body of
men or a single man marching to join him or to
rescue him. Not a slave joined him voluntarily;
not one lifted his hand against his master; all
were anxious to return to the bosom of their
master's families.
Atrocious as was the crime, and great as is the
cause I have to deplore some of the best blood
shed, that crime has revealed a state of fact and
of feeling, both among our own population and
that of the free States, on which ourej^es ought
to rest with satisfaction, in view of the future.
It negatives the existence of any conspiracy
against our peace in the free States of the Con-
federacy. Neither the plan nor the execution re-
vealed any higher intelligence or greater power
behind the crazy enthusiasts who acted in the trag-
edy. To lay this blood at the door of a great"
political party of our fellow-citizens, who now
control tlie government of every free State except
two, in spite of the indignant denial of all their
Representatives here, and without a particle of
proof in fact, is not reasonable. It is to call Dirk
Hatterack's defense, in his lair, an invasion of
Scotland ! It is to lay the bloody deeds of Bal-
four of Burleigh on the whole body of the Prot-
estants in Scotland !
But the keenness with which gentlemen feel this
crime against the peace of a slave State may well
enable them to appreciate how the more aggra-
vated events in Kansas inflamed the minds of men
in the free States, and fired the fanaticism of
Brown to the point of bloody revenge.
That men and wtmicn of like mind, in whom,
on one, subject, the ideas of right and wrong are
sadly disordered, sympathized with the convicts;
that some papers applauded his deed, and some
pulpits echoed his eulogy, are certainly symp-
toms of no sound state of morals in the actors;
but tiiey are of no political significance in the
populous North. On this floor they have no rep-
resentative. That bloody type of fanaticism is,
of all things, most rare among the Abolitionists;
and they are a body of enthusiasts who have
never, to my knowledge, had ten Representatives
in this Hall. But, to sympathize with a crimi-
nal, to pity a convict, to consider the conviction
an expiation, and the execution a martyrdom, is
too common at this day to excite surprise in any
case. Even with the ministers of religion, the
ascent to the scaffold is Jacob's ladder—the gal-
lows is the very gate of Heaven; and the old form-
ula ofpa.r ct miscrkordia is changed for one m the
spirit, if not in the words, of Edgeworth, " Son
of St. Louis, asccnd to Heaven !"
1 dwell on these matters the more, because they
have been made the occasion of exaggerated in-
ferences and the proofs of unfounded Years, which
a more thorough or a cooler contemplation of the
manifestations of thought and feeling in our free
American society will dispel. I seek for signs of
peace. I will explore every region for ground of
returning confidence. I thmk there is no ground
for the excitement which has prevailed. 1 think
the longer gentlemen look at the facts, they will
the more surely see that their feelings led them to
extremes whicli they will not be inclined to re-
peat .
in this spirit, I feel sure they will be inclined to
accept the formal declaration of the gentleman from
Ohio, who was the first candidate of the northern
Opposition for Speaker, atitsfull value and scope:
" I say now, that there is not a single question agltatfcg
tlie public mind; not a single topic on winch there can be
sectional jealousy or sectional controversy, unless gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House thrust such subjects
on us. I repeat, notja single question."
He so spoke while a candidate; and had he said
exactly the opposi te, there is n#. a gentleman on the
Administration siderof lie House who would not
have rung it in the ears of his constituents as the
authorized and formal avowal of all his enemies
impjite to his party. But being a declaration of
peace, instead of one of war, shall we impeach its
faith that our fears may not subside? or ought
we not rather to read this text—authoritatively
spoken in the presence of the gentlemen whose
candidate he was, and who sanctioned ft by their
continued support for nearly two months after-
wards—by the light of that magnificent oration of
his distinguished colleague, [Mr. Corwin,] which
won the heart of every hearer by its genial and
comprehensive spirit, and inaugurated in this Hall,
after the silence of years, the example of great
parliamentary eloquence?
These declarations are reiterated assurances that
there is no intention of invading the rights or
quiet of any slaveholding State; that there is no
design or desire to tamper with or trouble slavery
where it exists; that they are willing to let the
subject alone, if others arc willing to let things
stand as they are.
Arc declarations like these to be encountered
and outweighed by the irresponsible clamors of
scattered newspapers, by trumpery resolutions at
excited town meetings, or by the ambiguous, con-
tradictory, and shifting platforms hastily con-
trived for an emergency, and then forgotten ? It
was one of Mr. Calhoun's profound and saga-
cious remarks, that there was a strong tendency
to confound the machinery of parties with formal
bodies known to the law; and to treat the latter
like the former. The debates of this session have
been one perpetual illustration of its truth. They
have repeated here the di^gussions of the hust-
ings, dealt here with the contrivances of party
warfare, and invoked such proofs to repel and
annul the formal representations of the constitu-
tional Representatives of the people, touching their
purposes.
I invoke gentlemen to accept thfc declaration of
the legal Representative, touching the purposes
of the people who sent him here to represent them
m that very thing. Men may clamor, partisans
may propose, papers may print a thousand things,
and no one care to explain or contradict them; for
no one is responsible for them. Silencc is no con-
sent; it is more indifference or contempt. It is
the conduct of the Representative to which the
people look, when they would knowif they were
truly represented; and it is to that Representative
we should look when we wish to know the spirit
and policy his constituents contemplate.
There will always Be more or less of that vague
dissertation on impractical theories; such as the
possibility of property in man, or whether slavery
be hatefuMo God, and the like; and those views
will always have, as they have heretofore had,
their eight or ten Representatives on this floor;
but surely we can afford to leave such disserta-
tions unanswered; and without an answer they
will soon die out. Politically, they are of no de-
cisive importance, and involve no such danger as
to keap gentlemen always on the alert with a re-
sponse. But the records display the purposes of
parties in the Government; and if we there investi-
gate the signs of the times, we will find, 1 think,
that from 1855 to this time, there liasbcen no single
bill proposed contemplating a change in the condi-
tion of affairs touching slavery as it existed before
the repeal of the Missouri line. I had meant to
develop that as a word of peace; but I have not
time. The first controversy of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress related to the seat of the Delegate from
Kansas. The first bill was to repeal the laws of
Kansas passed by the Legislature whose legality
was contested. The next was Mr. Dunn's states-
manlike bill to reorganize the Territory of Kansas.
The third was to admit Kansas under the Topeka
constitution. The fourth was to abolish the exist-
ing laws, and to reorganize the Territory of Kan-
sas, without one word of slavery on one side or the
