1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Maryland; but, sir, 1 hoard no point of order
made upon the gentleman from Virginia when he
was on the floor. Now, sir, I have this to say in
conclusion 
Mr. KARRIS, of Maryland. Lot mo say to
the gentleman from Kentucky, that I beg him to
understand, most emphatically, that so far as I
am conform d, I am not only willing, but. highly
gratified to have the discussion between himself
and the gentleman from Virginia go on as long as
they mutually desire.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, sir, here is all I have
to say in conclusion. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must have forgotten one expression which
ho used in Ins opening remarks, which was, that
he understood what he was saying; that there
was corruption; that a proposition had been made
to him.
Mr. PRYOR. Now, sir, I must certainly have
the opportunity of saying a word.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do protest against fur-
ther interruption.
Mr. BURNETT. I have done, with one re-
mark.
Mr. PRYOR. I have not done.
Mr. FLORENCE. Weil, sir, I cannot yield
the floor. I was about refemng to this " ad lib-
itum" debate on the subject of the distribution of
the printing spoils; and I piesume that i might
before this time have satisfied the House that the
disposal of them was legitimate and proper. 1
am satisfied that there has been nothing connected
with the matter which is liable to any charge of
corruption. J am satisfied that it was done"pre-
cisely as any other patronage is given out by the
executive department of the Government*, and it
went, in my judgment, to the right source.
Now, sir, in conclusion—for 1 do not desire to
occupy the time, inasmuch as the gentleman
from New York desires to move the previous
question—I will remark that i cannot vote for the
joint resolution reported by the gentleman from
New York, because it will open up all the diffi-
culties that have occurred in the election ot a
Printer m the early part of the present session
and in all other sessions. I do not believe that
the printing can be reduced foity pel cent, upon
the present prices and have the work done for the
Government. 1 know that in 18o2 the subject
was investigated thoroughly, and at that time the
prices fixed gave only a fair compensation for
doing the work. Since then, improvements m ma-
chinery and the inventive genius of American me-
chanics may have cheapened the cost of printing,
and, as a matter of course, increased the profits.
In reference to the printing of these Post Office
blanks, I think no construction such as stated by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SmekmaxJ lias been
given by the Department. I have no idea that
compensation has been allowed for each of a dozen
orders given on the same day; but the prolits have
been increased by improvements in printing, by
stereotyping the forms, by the invention of the
cutting machine, and by an invention in printing
by which a dozen forms are printed by one im-
pression. All these inventions have had the
effect of cheapening the work, and, of course,
increasing the profits. When the law was passed
fixing the price atone hundred cents per thousand
ems the profit was not too large. The profit was
not more than from twenty to thirty-five percent.,
and that is not too much, in consideration of the
investment of capital, the wear and tear of mate-
rial, and the mechanical and physical skill re-
quired. I ask any gentleman here whether twenty
per cent, profit is too much upon a matter requir-
ing so much mvestmentof capital,and i ask what
blame can attach to the President for selecting his
own party friends to do this work ? 1 say this in
defense of the Executive, and m defense of those
to whom this work has been given.
Mr, HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to say one word? He speaks of saying what
he says in defense of the Executive. Now, sir,
the President of the United States needs no de-
fense; but the facts should be known. It should
be known that he has proceeded in accordance
with law; that he has given the compensation the
law authorized, and that he knew nothing about
these extraordinary profits, which, if they ex-
isted, were as much within the knowledge of
members of Congress, and more, than within
that of anybody else.
Mr. FLORENCE. Members of Congress
knew more about it, certainly, than the Presi-
dent.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not his business to
know anything about these profits at all.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Ala-
bama very truthfully states that the Executive
knew nothing about these profits, and thatit was
not his business to know anything about it. As
far as this testimony goes, he seems to have heard
of it incidentally, just about the time we were
correcting the abuse; but, sir, I appeal to gentle-
men now to let bygones be bygones. Here is a
measure of peace; here is a measure of health;
here is a measure of justice; here is a plan avoid-
ing all these difficulties. Past experience has
shown us that the present system is a sink of cor-
ruption. It has been discovered that combina-
tions have been formed under it by which this
House is disgraced and the country "is disgraced.
Let us reform these abuses; let us establish"a pub-
lic printing office, and 1 believe there can be no
such corruption connected with it. i believe that
by such an experiment no damage can be done to
any one. Let us try the experiment, and if it
fads, God help us, is all I have to say.
Now, m relation to the amendment I proposed
yesterday, 1 desire to say a word.
Mr. HASKIN. I thought the gentleman was
only going to detain the House for five minutes'
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I will not de-
tain the House three minutes longer. I desire
to strike out $1,800 and $1,500 where they occur
in the second section of this bill as the compen-
sation for the foreman of the bindery and the fore-
man of the printing office, and to insert $2,000.
i believe that no competent man can be obtained
to discharge properly the duties of these offices
for a less amount.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that that amend-
! ment is not now in order.
| Mr. HASKJN. I move the previous question.
| Mr. WALTON. Will the gentleman withdraw
that motion for an instant?
Mr. HASKIN. 1 understand the gentleman
from Vermont wishes the floor for the purpose of
withdrawing the motion to recommit. For that
purpose I withdraw the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. WALTON. Yesterday the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cloptov] submitted the mo-
tion to recommit, which is now pending, at my
request. The gentleman from New York seemed
to think that my object in making the motion was
to defeat any reform in the matter of public print-
ing. I wish simply to say to the gentleman from
New Yoik that lie was entirely mistaken in at-
tributing any such motive ns that to myself. I
am ready to vote forany measure which will have
the effect of working a reform in this printing
business; and 1 propose to give thegentleman from
Alabama my consent to withdraw the motion to
recommit. I will vote for any measure that prom-
ises to be a reform. 1 will even vote to stop the
printing entirely, if we cannot have it done with-
out entailing upon the Executive, upon the Senate,
and upon this House the disgrace which now rests
upon them from the management of the public
printing by the present national Administration
ana the one that preceded it.
But, Mr Speaker, 1 give notice that every vote
which I shall give on this subject, 1 shall give
under this protest, that whatever we do I expect
we shall be cheated. Why, sir, the proposition
of thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Haskin,]
which is simply to continue the present system
of printing, with only a reduction of the rates,
will be a failure. The present system, we all
know, has pioved to be a failure. Wherever the
principle of the pioposition of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gurley] has been applied to other de-
partments of Government, that too has always
proved to be another failure. The Government
cannot build a capitol, it cannot build a custom-
house, it cannot build a court-house, it cannot
build a ship, it cannot make a musket—why,
sir, it cannot even run a horse and wagon which
carries our mail, without paying twice, thrice,
and four times as much as anybody else will pay.
It is said, and I eoncui m the statement, that the
contract system has proved a failure. It proved
a failure when wcPadoptod it in 1846, in reference
to the printing; and I believe, sir, that the report
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] made
during the last Congress, will prove that m the
War and in the Navy Department "the -contract
system has also proved to be a failure} : My re-
liance is upon a change in the men .a'nd'iivthfe
character of the men who are to have the admin-
istration of this printing. 1 would give mbrefol*
a Superintendent who has intelligence enough not
to be outwitted, and integrity enough pot to cheat
anybody else, or ^permit anybody to cheat himv
than for all the statutes we can make. Now, I
give my consent to the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr.CLopTo>?]to withdraw the motion to recom-
mit this resolution; and 1 do it, sir, because l am
satisfied, on consultation with both sides of this
House, that there is no chance to adopt an efficient
contract system.
Mr. CLOPTON. I withdraw the motion to
recommit.
Mr. HASKIN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to he put.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust to the gen-
tleman's comity to allow certain amendments to
be offered.
Mr. HASKIN. I will have no objection my-
self.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
arnendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Barr,] which will be reported.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Insert in the first section the words, "and the Secretary
of the Trea^ir}';1' so that it wiJJ read :
That hereaitcr, upon the election of the Printer to the
Senate, he shall execute a hond, with atien^t two g<>0() ana
mfiieient sureties, in ihe peualiy of $-25,000, to the Super-
intendent, and Mihject to the approval of the paid Superin-
tendent, the Seerctaty of the Senate, the Cleik ot the House,
and the Secretary ot the Treasury, for thefaithtuiand hon-
est performance of alt the duties, &>c.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. HASKIN. I propose now, Mr. Speaker,
to close the argument in favor of the proposition
submitted by the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before thegentleman pro-
ceeds to close the argument, 1 dtsire to ascertain
precisely the condition of the question. As 1 un-
derstand it, my colleague [Mr. Guri.ey] offers
his amendment as a substitute for the resolution
reported from the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures. If that be adopted, then of course it kills
the joint resolution.
Mr. HASKIN. That is the way I understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there will be no re-
duction of the present rates for the pltbJic print-
ing?
Mr. HASKJN. For the present and the next
session of Congress. *
Mr. SHERMAN. How can that reduction he
provided for? 1 want to vote for both proposi-
tions.
Mr. HASKIN. Either by the adoption of the
last resolution reported from the Committee on
Public Expenditures, or by the passage of the
bill which has been sent from the Senate to this
House, reducing the rates for the public printing
twenty-five per cent. The Senate bill is now be-
fore the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we pass the substitute
of my colleague, then the Committee on Printing
can report back the Senate bill for the reduction
of the present rates of the public printing.
Mr. GURLEY. We will do it.
Mr. HASKIN. If the Senate bill be reported,
my preference is, and I shall insist, thatit be re-
ported with an amendment making the reduction
foity per cent.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, I may be allowed to have a vote on the
amendment 1 have in acated, and that is provid-
ing for an increase of the salary of the foreman
of the office.
Objection was made.
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Speaker, the argument
made yesterday by my colleague on the Commit-
tee on Public Expenditures [Mr. Cloi'Ton] im-
periously demands that I should make some reply
to it. In doing this, it gives me great pleasure to
bear testimony to the ability and industry which
the gentleman from Alabama hasexhibitedon that
J committee, and in the performance of his duties
| as a member of this House.
i Before I make any reply to his argument, per-
