I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
121
3fiTH CojfG....lST Sess.
Property in the Territories—Mr. Doolittle.
Sekme,
other; and you know very well, gentlemen, that
at the last Congress no proposition was enter-
tained, excepting the question, which you argued
and which we argued, whether we had a right to
remit to the people the Lecompton constitution,
to be decided upon by the people who were lo be
bound by it. Up to" this time, while there has
been excitement at the North and at the South;
while gentlemen have made offensive speeches
here and elsewhere, there has been no measure of
practical legislation proposed in this fjouse that
has not been defensive in its character; not one
that has looked beyond retaining the Territories
free which were already free.
We have, then, peace before us, if we will only
accept it. The free States ask no new law. Their
Representatives tell us there will be no sectional
questions mooted by them unless forced 011 them
by others; and if we close with such declarations
in the spirit of the declaration of the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, and of the patriotic speech
of his distinguished colleague, we may banish
from our minds those " gorgons, hydras, and chi-
meras dire," amid whose hideous forms we have
eo long pursued our weary way.
PROPERTY IN THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF HON.-J. R. DOOLITTLE/
OF WISCONSIN, /
In the Senate, February 24, 1860. >{
The Senate having undei consideration the resolutions
of Mr. Brown, affirming the power and duty of Congress
to legislate lor the protection of rights of ptoperty in the
Territories-
Mr. DOOLITTLE said:
Mr. President: The late John Gtuincy Adams,
during the last year of his life, in conversation,
said to africnd " that the best thing ever uttered
by Andrew Jackson was that for which, at the
time, he was so much abused; namely, that in
swearing to support the Constitution, he swore to
support it as he understood it, and not as other
men understood it." I shall make no apology
to-day for the supreme court of "Wisconsin for
construing the Constitution of the United States,
upon their official oaths, according to their own
convictions, it.needs none. Besides, sir, no Sen-
ator has a right to demand one; and least of all, a
Senator from Georgia. The supreme court of that
State, as late as 1854, not six months before the
decision of the supreme court of Wisconsin, of
which her Senator [Mr. Toombs] complains, upon
a long and able review of ail its judicial contro-
versies with the Supreme Court of the United
States, summed up the whole, declaring their con-
clusion to be—
" That the supreme court of Georgia is cocqual and co-
ordinate With the Supreme Court of the United States, and
not infenpr and <-u!>ordmate fo that court; that as to the
reserved power*, the St ite court is supreme; that as to the
delegated powers, ttic United States coui t is *upremc ; that
as to powein both delegated and reserved—concurrent -pow-
ers—both courts, in the language of Hamilton, aie ' equally
supreme and that, as a consequence, the Supieme Court
ot the United States 1ms no juu-«diction over the supreme
court of Goorgiaj and cannot, therefoie, give it an order, *
or make lor it a precedent—Padelford, Fay if Co., vs. !
Mayor raid Aldermen of City of Savannah ; 14 Georgia Rc- !
poits, page 506. j
Wisconsin has never yet gone to that length.
She has never yet denied the appellate jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court of the United States in eases
acknowledged to arise under the Constitution of
the United States. She has only asserted her
right to judge for herself as to what cases arc not
under the Constitution of the United States, and
laws passed in pursuance thereof, and as to what
powers are not delegated, and therefore reserved
to the States; and that, upon that question, her
supreme court is coequal and coordinate with the !
Supreme Court of the United States, and not in- j
fcrior and subordinate to that court. _ I
Sir, if the court of Wisconsin has erred in as-
aumingthis power to judge for itself, independent
of the Supreme Court of the United States, who
taught it that grave error ? The resolutions of 1798
—every Democratic platform for the last twenty
years reaffirming them as fundamental in the Dem-
ocratic creed; the supreme ctmrtof Pennsylvania,
by its unanimous opinion in 1798; and the su-
preme court of appeals of the State of Virginia, as
late as 1814, after a long hearing and full consider-
ation, by a unanimous opinion, declaring that the
Supreme Court of the United States was not su-
perior and appellate to the supreme court of Vir-
ginia, have taught to Wisconsin the same lesson.
And what should close the mouth of any Sen-
ator from Georgia is, that the whole judicial his-
tory of that great State, which, if not now, is soon
to become, the Empire State of the South, from the
beginning of the Government down to 1854, has,
upon this subject, taught no other lesson.
The resolutions of 1798, drafted, as it is be-
lieved, by Jefferson himself, declare:
" That the several States composing the United States
of America are not united on the principle of unlimited
submission to the Gcncial Government; but that, by a com-
pact, under the style and title of a Constitution for the
United States, and of amendments thereto, they constituted
a General Government fot hpccial purposes, and delegated
to that Government certain definite powers, reserving, each
State to itself, the lesiduary ma >3, the richt to their own
sch-government; and that,' whensoever the General Gov-
ernment assumes undelegated powers, it^ acts are unau-
thoritative, void, and of no foicc: and that to this compact
each State acceded as a State, and is an integral party, its
co-States forming, a^ to itself, the othci paity; that the
Government created by this compact was not made the ex-
clusive or final judge of the extent of the powers delegated
to itself, since that would have made its discretion, and
not the Constitution, the measure of Us power*} but that,
a* in all other cases of compact among Powers having no
common judge, each party has an equal right to judge for
itself, a*3 well of infractions as of the mode and manner of
icdress.*'
And the Democratic platform made at Cincin-
nati, in its eighth resolution, declares:
" That the Democratic party will faithfully abide by and
uphold the principles laid down in the Kentucky and Vir-
ginia i evolutions of 1798, and in the icport of Mr. Madison
to the Vngiiiia Legislating i.i 1790; that it adopts those
punciple*. a* constituting o.ie of the mam foundations of
its political eiei*d,and is resolved to carry them out m their
obvious meaning and import.*1
Again, sir: 1 hold in my hand a volume which
contains a decision of the supreme court of Penn-
sylvania, in 1798fiii which this question was dis-
cussed and decided. The chief justice, delivering
the unanimous opinion of the court, used the fol-
lowing language:
" The denton® of power between the national, Federal,
and State governments, (all derived from the same souiee,
the authority of the people.) must bo collected from the
Constitution of the United States. Before it was adopted,
thr  ceveial States had absolute and unlimited sovereignty
within their respective boundaries; all the powers, legis-
lative, executive, and judicial, excepting tho c gi anted to
Congre°& under the old Constitution. They now enjoy
them all, excepting such as are granted to the Government
of the United States by the present instrument and the
adopted amendment5, which are for particular puipo^s
only. The Government of the United States forms a part
of the government of each State ;,its jurisdiction extendi
to the piovidins; for the common dHensc against exte-
rior injuries and violence, the r^ulation of commerce and
other matters especially cnumoiated in the Constitution ;
all other powers remain in the individual States, compre-
hending the interior and other concerns; these combined
form one complete Government. Should there be any de-
fect in this form of government, or any collision occur, it
cannot be remedied by the sole act of the Congress, or of
a State; the people inn<-t be resorted to, for enlargement
or modification. If a State should differ with the United
State 5 about the conduction of them, there is no common
umpire but the people, who should adju-t the affair by
making amendments m the constitutional way, or suffer j
from the defect. In such a ea.e the Constitution of the ;
United Stales is Federal; it is a league or treaty made by 1
the individual States as one party, and all the Stales as j
another party. Wnen two nations dilfei ahoutthe meaning
of any clause, sentence, or woul, in a treaty, neither has !
an exclusive right todecidc it; they endeavor to adjust the i
matter by negotiation; but if it cannot he thus accom- 1
plish^d, each has a right toictain Us own interpretation,
until a reference be had to the mediation of .other nations, ;
and arbitration, or the fate of wai. There is no provision ;
in the Constitution that in such a case the judges of the '
Supreme Court of the United States shall control and be !
conclusive ; neither can the Confess bv a law confer that .
power.11—Respublicu vs. Cobbett, 3 Dallas's Reports, page i
475. j
X read, also, from the fourth volume of Munford's !
Reports "of cases argued and determined in the ,
supreme court of appeals of Virginia," from a case j
decided in 1814—the case of Hunter vs. Martin, j
devisee of Fairfax: i
" Soon after the ease of Ifuntei vs. Fairfax's devisee (re- 1
ported in 1 Mtinf.,Ql8-Q38) was decided, the appellee, Mar- !
tin, obtained a wi it of error from the Supreme Court of the J
United St.vte?, requiting the court of appeals of Virginia !|
to certify the lecord fot reexamination by that court." :
The clerk of the court obeyed the writ, and ccr- j
tified the record; the Supreme Court of the United j
States reversed-the decision, and sent back the |
record with a mandate to the court of appeals of j
Virginia, requiring them to conform to its decis- l
ion. After being fully argued, the court entered
the following unanimous opinion:.
" Tfto court is unanimously of opinion that tbe appellate
power of the Supreme Court of the United States doesnot
extend to this court under a sound construction of the Con-
stitution of the United States; that so much of tfie twenty-
fifth section of the act of Congress to establish the judicial
courts of the United States as extends the appellate juris-
diction of the Supreme Court to this court is not in pur-
suance of the Constitution of the United States; that the
writ of error in this case was impiovidently allowed under
the authority of that act; that the proceedings thereon in
the Supreme Court were coramnon judtce in relation to this
couit; and-that obedience to its mandate be deciinedby this
court."
And now, sir, I come to the State of Georgia—
th&t great State, which, if not now, is soon to be,
the Empire State of the South. Oiieglanc6 atits
history, as given by a judge of its own supreme
court, shows that, from 1793 to 1854, she ftiai*i-
tained and enforced the same doctrine. In the case
of Chisholm against Georgia,in 1799, which was
the first controversy between that State and the
Supreme Court of the United States, she denied
its jurisdiction; refused to obey its mandate to
appear and answer; and wholly disregarded ita
judgment m the case.
The cases of Worcester and Butler, missiona-
ries among the Chcrokees, arose in 1832. They
are fully reported in the 6th of Petcrs's Reports.
The facts in these cases are stated by Judge Bcn-
ning, in his opinion, in the 14th of Georgia fee-
ports, to which I have already referred:
<• They were indicted, convicted, and put in the peni-
tentiary, for violating the laws of Georgia, which forbade
whjte persons to reside within the Cherokee nation of In-
dians without the permission of the Governor and without
having taken an oath to mppoitand defend the constitution
and laws of Georgia, and uprightly-demean themselves as
citizens thcieof. The case occurred m the .superior court
of Gw.nnett county A writ of error was issued from the
Supreme Couit ot the United States, on the application of
the defendants, to the judges of the superior court for the^
county of Gwinnett. The clerk of that court returned a
transcript of the ea*es to the Supreme Court of the United
State. Cut the judge of the court had nothing to do with
this act of the clerk. He did not recognize the right of the
Supreme Court to issue the writ.
u The Supreme Couit of the United States, by Marshall,
. C. J., said that it was < too clear for controversy, that the
j act ofCongiess, by which tlTte court is constituted, has given
it the poxvtf-, and, of course, imposed on it tbe duty of ex-
ercising juiisdiction in the ease.'
"Accordingly, that court took jurisdiction, and f adjudged
Jjjmt the judgment rendered in the premises by the said su-
perior court of Georgia,' whereby the sard Samuel A. Wor-
cester is sentenced to hard labor m the penitentiary of
Gcprgin, ought to be rcveiscd and annulled ; ' and further*
anjudged that said judgment (bo. and hereby is, reversed
and annulled;'' and that a special mandate do go from this
court to the s-aid superior couit, to cany this judgment into
execution.' The judgment was the same in the Butlei ease.
"Now, what did Georgia do on icceipt of this spceial
mandate ? Through every department of her government she
treated the mandate and the writ of error with contempt the-
most profound. She did not even proiest against jurisdic-
tion. as she. had done in the ra«e of ChisholmV executors;
but she kept Worcester and Butler in the penitemiarv,and
she executed, in the Creek nation, the laws, for violating
which they had been put in the penitentiary."
But Judge Banning, in the same opinion, says
that it was not only in these cases that Georgia-
occupied this position; she did it in two other
cases, and those cases of life and death—the case
of Tassels, and the ease of Graves—one in 1830,
the other in 1834. The Supreme Court of the
United States "issued writs of error in each of
these cases, on the application of the defendants,
to the State of Georgia; but, as the cases are not
reported, it is to be presumed that these writs never
got back to the Supreme Court; or that, if they ever
did, it was too late. It is certain that Georgia
hung the applicants for the writ." Ay, sir, hung
them, with the writ's of error of that court pend-
ing over the judgments. And in the Tassels case,
the Legislature passed a resolution, "that the
State of Georgia will never so far eompromit her
sovereignty, as an independent State, as to become-
a party to the case sought to be made before the'
Supreme Court of the United States, by the writ'
in question;" and further, that the Governor and
every other officer be <f enjoined to disregard any
and every mandate and process that has been, or
shall be, served on him or them, purporting to
pro.ceed from the Chief Justice, or any associate
justice, of the Supreme CourtoftheUnitcd States."
And in 1854, the supreme court of Georgia, upon
a full review of her history upon this subjoct,
announced, as its settled conclusion, that "the
Supreme Cou-rt of the United States has'no jurisdic-
tion over the supreme court of Georgia, and cannot,
therefore tgive it an ordtr, or make for it aprecedmt.y*
