-1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they interpose speeches and debates out of or-
der.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let the gentleman
proceed with the speech he has already com-
menced.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish simply to suggest that
the question before the House is a call for the pre-
vious question. I hold that that call cuts off all
debate; that the whole object of it is to cut off de-
bate. I know that it is not the object of my friend
from Pennsylvania to interfere with the force and
effect of the previous question. If we go on and
debate the previous question on one side, we must
debate it upon the other.
Mr. McPHERSON. My colleague is entitled
to the floor; and I demand that be be allowed to
proceed. He has already gone on with his re-
marks without objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. And I call the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to order. I do not
believe that it is in order to discuss the previous
question. If we keep on debating everything that
comes up, whether the previous question is called
or not, we never will elect a Speaker.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from Maine that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania took the floor without objection, and,
without objection, up to this time, he has pro-
ceeded with his remarks. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is upon the floor, discussing the
point of order now before the House, and the
Clerk will not interfere with the gentleman while
he is upon the floor pursuing that discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope, then, that my col-
league will be permitted to proceed.
Mr. BRANCH. I insist that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania shall be permitted to proceed
with his remarks. No objection comes from this
side of the House.
The CLERK. Inasmuch as the Clerk has re-
fused on former occasions to interfere with gen-
tlemen upon the floordiscussmgtho pomtof order,
he will not now entertain the question of order of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis,] while the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is properly upon
the floor and pursuing legitimate discussion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to protest
against these interruptions, and I protest against
the policy which dictates them, when gentlemen
of this side of the House are up addressing the
House. We have been here seven weeks, and
tiie folding-room > the telegraph, and the press of the
country have been used by the Democratic party
to villify the Republican party, by sending broad-
cast throughout the land, treasonable, false, and
ridiculous arguments. I protest that Republicans
ought to have the right to defend themselves.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Nobody objects on this
side.
Mr. HOUSTON. Who objects?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Curtis.]^
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the gentleman from
'liinois ought to apply his remarks to his own
side, and not to this.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I protested against
interruptions from any quarter.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman ought not to
allude, as he does, to this side, when no interrup-
tion proceeds from any of the members on this
side.
Mr. BABBITT. Mr. Clerk, it is objected to
the resolution for the plurality rule in electing a
Speaker that it is unconstitutional. The clause
of the Constitution referred to is that " the House
of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and
other officers." I admit when the Constitution
says a legislative body is authorized to do a cer-
tain thing, that it means that act is to be per-
formed by a majority. In the enactment of laws,
of course the majority of this body decides; but
the choice of a presiding officer of this House is
not in the nature of the enactment of a law. This
House may even elect a Speaker by a committee,
which acts as its agent. A committee duly ap-
pointed by a majority of this House, may be
empowered to select a Speaker, upon the A, B, C
principle of law, of constitutional and all othci
law, that an aggregate body or an individual docs
itself what it does by an agent. It is, therefore,
perfectly competent and constitutional for this
House, by a majority vote, to appoint a commit-
tee which shall select a Speaker: and I hold that
a selection of a Speaker by a committee appointed
by a majority vote of the House, is an election
by the majority; for what the liousc does by its
authorized agent it does itself. The act of the
committee would be the act of the body itself. It
would be gross error to give a construction to the
clause of the Constitution that would be suicidal
and destroy the very power that is given. If you
give it the construction that you cannot elect by
a plurality vote, why it destroys the power which
was intended and designed to be given; because
the few refusing to join might prevent an organ-
ization, and stop the wheels of the Government
entirely and forever, and entire anarchy might
ensue. To give such a construction as that to it
would be monstrous- Then, I conclude, it would
bo perfectly constitutional to make an election by
the plurality rule.
1 think it has been demonstrated beyond the
possibility of a doubt or a peradventure, that wo
can never organize upon any other principles than
by a plurality vote. If that plan is not adopted,
this disorder and disorganization is to be interm-
inable. Now, sir, should we not adopt it, and
adopt it at once ? We have sat here nearly seven
consecutive weeks in disorder and disorganiza-
tion, while the public business and the public
creditors are suffering. Sir, we were sent here to
perform high, important, and honorable national
duties. Instead of attending to that, we have been
exhibiting before the public gaze such an extraor-
dinary spectacle of tWe-workings of the legisla-
tive machinery of this model Republic of the uni-
verse as must soon sink it into utter contempt, if
it has not already done it; and it must cause this
intech renowned and heretofore lauded govern-
mental system of ours to become the scoff and
scorn of the civilized world. What a spectacle
have we exhibited here for the last seven weeks!
'V monstrous farce—a farce for the amusement of
the galleries, and nothing else. It is time we
directed our attention to something else. It is
time we should organize; and organize in the only
| way we can ever organize. Now, who prevents
it? Upon that subject 1 will say a few words.
Who and what party are responsible J Tins
question has been mooted upon the other side a
great deal, but very little upon this side. Some
ascribe the fault to the anti-Lccompton party,
some to the South American party, and some to
both together; and I believe there was one stray
and eccentric individual upon that side did ascribe
it to the Republican party—that party which has
been straining every nerve for the last six weeks
to effect an organization in the only way in which
it could be effected. Now, sir, I utterly dissent
from theallegation that the South American party
or the anti-Leeumptou party is at all responsible
for the non-organization of this House. They
have all failed to put the responsibility upon the
right quarter; all have failed to put the burden
upon the right camel. The anti-Lecompton and
the South American parties, though the smaller
parties m this House, have each of them the
indubitable right to put up their candidate of their
own political faith, and to stick to him to the end.
The rights of parties do not depend on numerical
strength, any more than do the rights of States.
Their rights'are equal to those of larger parties;
and wc have no more; right to call upon them to
come over to us than they have to ask us to go
over to them. They may not ehoose to go over
to either. I believe it is pretty well demonstrated
that they will not come overto the Black Repub-
licans, as gentlemen on the other side are pleased
to call us; at least very moving appeals have been
made to them upon the other side of the House
not to go over to the Black Republican party; and
both of those parties, for aught I know, may con-
sider the Democratic party just as black as the
Black Republican party, and may not be inclined
to go to that party. It may be, they consider it
like the old " irrepressible conflict" between the
pot and the kettle—contending which is black.
Now, sir, who prevents the organization of
this House? It is just the Lecompton Democratic
party—that party alone, and no other; which,
by speaking against time, by interposing per-
verted parliamentary points of order, have pre-
vented an organization of this House upon the
only principle and in the only way in whuh it <-ver
can be organized. To that partv belong all the
responsibility, belongs all the blame, all the cen-
sure if it be blameworthy, and to them be all the
glory if it be glorious, as they think it is. to keep
this House in the state of disorganization in which
they have kept it during the last six weeks. It is
their thunder, and they will have ail the glory'of
it. Do not let the anti-Lecompton party or the
South American party take any of the glory'of-
it. Let them, too, have all the blame and.all tlie
shame.
I listened with astonishment to what took place
here yesterday, when the determination' of the
other side was expressed to keep this House in a.
state of disorganization and disorder in which it-
has continued so long. But I, being an elderly
man, and a moderate party man by the way, may
be permitted to appeal most beseechingly the'
Democratic party, which I now do, to waste no
more time, but, foregoing all points of order, td
adopt the plurality rule and elect a Speaker. Re-
consider, gentlemen, your perilous determination.
Why should we continue to waste God-given,
precious time, as we have wasted it for six weeks
past? and why should we waste it for six weeks
to come; and, at the end of six weeks more, be no
nearer an organization than we are now? I state
it here os an indisputable fact, which the result
will show, if the Democracy will allow us to take
a vote, that there is now, and for a month or more
past has been, a majority upon this floor ready
and desirous to adopt the plurality rule. The
Lecompton Democracy have prevented theadop
rinu of the plurality rule by the interposition and
perversion of parliamentary rules of order and
speeches to consume time. Time waits for no
man. It is short here at best, jind short for me
it will be. It is the most precious gift of God to
man, because in it man is to prepare himself for
eternity—not simply by reading his Bible and
praying, although he should pray without ceasing,
but by promptly, speedily, and well performing
those worldly duties which God and his country
have assigned hnn to perform.
I hold it to be a sin against God and the coun-
try to waste more time by now preventing the
organization of this House by the adoption of the
plurality rule. The Lord knows (I do not) whom
it would elect, ft will depend upon what the
smaller parties will do. But from the very first
week of this session I would have voted for the
adoption of the plurality rule, even if I had known
in my heart that it would have resulted in the
election of a Democratic Speaker, much as I would
have regretted such a result. I would have done
it; and I believe every other Republican would
have done the same, for the sake of discharging
the public business. If the Speaker is to Be a
Democrat, I want to see him; I want to see him
now. If he is to be a South American, I want to
see him now. If he is to be an anti-Lecompton
man, let us look at him. I want to look the
Speaker in the face. [Laughter.] We can elect
him at any hour, by adopting the only rule that
can elect him, and we can elect him in no other
way. What do the gentlemen on the other sido
say to that? Will they not suffer us to elect a
Speaker of their side, or of our side, or of any
side? Determination on one side begets determ-
ination on the other. Obstinacy on the one side
engenders obstinacy on the other. If the Demo-
crats will not allow a vote to be taken on the
adoption of the plurality rule, then I want the
country to know who it is that prevents the or-
ganization of this House—what party it is—and
I am content to abide the result. It is already
pretty widely known. But I should wish it pro-
claimed in every town, in every village, in every
hamlet, in every market-place, highway, and by-
way, throughout this broad land, that it is the
Lecompton Democratic party, and no other party,
that prevents this organization. Let the blame
and censure fall where they will fall and where
they ought to fall.
Now, sir, I have got through with this branch
of my subject. I designed, when I rose,to refer
to a matter which, while it is of public concern,
is also a little personal to myself. I dislike very
much the parading of mere personal matters in
the House; but this is a public matter as well as
personal. It is this: I have received an intima-
tion, through one of my constituents, that some
of them consider me derelict m duty, in that I
luive sat here so long hearing slanders against the
Republican p^'rty, and have not risen in my place,
repelled them, and denounced them as untrue and
as unfounded. I wish my constituents to know,
and the House to know, and the public—if they
