544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20.
care anything about it—to know, my reason for
not rising to repel these charges. It is true, as
has been charged by some of my constituents—
very few of them have complained of it—that I
have sat here six consecutive weeks listening to a
continuous torrent of unjust, unfounded^and false
accusations against the party of which it is my
pride and pleasure to consider myself an humble
member and follower. I have sat here and heard
the party of my choice charged with a design to
invade and overthrow the constitutional rights of
the southern States of this Confederacy, with a
design to defeat and destroy their constitutional
privileges, and even with desiring and designing
to instigate a servile rebellion and a bloody ex-
terminating war of races there; and a dissolution
of the Union is pointed to as the remedy for such
alleged state of things.
When I came here, a new member* and when,
unacquainted with the waysof this House, I heard
these terrible charges against the party of my
choice—of course, including myself—my emo-
tions were such as you might imagine to be those
of an upright and law-abiding citizen would be
who found himself arraigned and called up before
a court of justice, and heard an indictment against
him read charging him with having committed
every crime defined in Btackstone's black cata-
logue of crimes and misdemeanors. They were
emotions of astonishment and indignation. But,
as the case proceeded, and as the numerous band
of prosecuting attorneys on the other side of the
House day by day severally read and reread the
indictment, and produced what they called evi-
dence in its support, the intensity of my emotion
became very considerably mitigated, and became
intermingled with emotions of amusement at the
extraordinary contrast between the intense and
terrible character and vigor of the charges, and the
utter'worthlessness,feebleness, and futility of the
evidence brought to support them. The contrast
was amusing.
I have the honor to represent a law-abiding and
Constitution-loving constituency in the State of
Pennsylvania, a large majority of whom rejoice
in the name of Republican. They arc men who
arc guilty of the crime of having learned how to
read and write! [Laughter.] They can read,and
do read. They read their Bible, and they read the
Constitution, and they understand Ks provisions
as well as you or I do, or as well as any gentle-
man on the other side of the House does. By the
provisions of that Constitution, just as our fathers
of glorious revolutionary memory penned it and
understood it, they will abide. And they will
abide by theUnion justas those fathers formed it.
They love this Union; and they will resist, by all
legal and constitutional means, all infraction of that
sacred compact. The Constitution is their polit-
ical Bible, and the foundation of their political
creed and faith; and therefore they will lesist any
novel and perverted interpretation or exposition
of it from obtaining the sanction that belongs
to the original text. They do not want their po-
litical Bible perverted by new and unwarjanted
expositions.
Sir, to the fathers of the Constitution and the
Union the Republicans of my district look as to
the apostles of their political church. They seek
to walk in the path which those fathers walked
in They advocate the principles, and none other
than the principles which they advocated. By
them they will abide, and they will scorn to in-
fringe upon any constitutional rights guarantied
to any State in this Union. Sir, Washington,
Jefferson, Madison, Patrick Henry, and a host of
other distinguished southern men of glorious rev-
olutionary memory, were good enough Republi-
cans forfull communion m our Republican church;
and, if they were alive at this day, they would
belong to our party.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Lcake,]
yesterday, gave us a letter winch was read at the
Clerk's desk, and m which were quoted several
texts from the Bible m support of slavery, for the
edification of Republicans. Ofthatgood old Book,
every one of my constituent hay one volume,
and some ofthem two orthree copies. They know
what it contains. From the texts given us, it
appears that the children of Israel, the chosen
people of God, were allowed to make slaves of the
heathen round about them. Well, now, it did
not occur perhaps to that gentleman, that God, in
His wise but inscrutable purposes, decreed the
destruction, for their great iniquities and corrup-
tions, of the inhabitants of that particular district;
and He appointed the children of Israel, the sons
of Jacob, as His executioners to execute His sen-
tence; and,amongothcrthings,inHisinstructions
to them, He permitted them, instead of destroying
all those within that land, to make slaves or ser-
vants of them. It was a special permission ofGod
himself.
Now, sir, I say to those who seek to make
slaves of any portion of the people on the face
of the earth, that if they will show a like commis-
sion from God himself, I will humbly acquiesce,
even if it is to make a slave of myself. But, sir, it
did not occur, perhaps, to the gentleman that this
permission which God gave to the Jewish nation
was accompanied with conditions; it was a cove-
nant with them by which they were to possess the
land and its inhabitants, and to use some of them
as servants, only so long as they performed and
observed all the commands and laws of God. And
it was a covenant by which, when they failed to per-
form on their part, they were to lose their servants,
lose their lands, and go into slavery themselves.
Well, now, if the gentleman who furnished this
chapter of the Bible can show that he is a regular
lineal descendant of Israel, and belongs to the Is-
raehtish church; that he performs all the ceremo-
nicsand rituals oftheMosaical law, just as the Lord
established them through His servant, Moses; if
he has transgressed in noting, then he is in the
covenant. But, if he is not of that nation, or, being
of it, if he has transgressed that covenant, if he
has not performed all that is required under it,
then I would say—speaking as a lawyer, I am uo
theologian—he is not in the covenant; he is an
outsider. [Laughter.] He cannot claim any ben-
efit from it.
Now, sir, as this letter has been sent up to be
read from the Clerk's desk, I will send up a little
something. It was said by the gentleman from
Virginia that the letter was received from an ec-
centric, but a very good man. Now, sir, a very
eccentric constituent of mine, perhaps not quite
so eccentric as the constituent of the gentleman
from Virginia, but a very good man; if it were
possible that one good man could be better than
another good man, I would suggest that mine is
a little better than his—I say this constituent of
mine has sent me some documents which he dc-
snes should be read from the Clerk's desk and
incorporated in my speech. I send them to the
Clerk, and ask the Clerk to read them.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"'rue VOICE OF WASIIINCTON.
'* In <t letter to John F. Me.icer, dated September 9,1786,
Geneial Washington says:
'•' ] never mean, unless some particular circumstances
should compel me to it, to possess another slave by pur-
chase, it being anions rnv first wishes to see some plan
adopted by which slaveiy m this countr) may be abolished
by law.'
" In a letter to Kobert Monis dated April 1£, 17:96, he
says:
k-'I hope it will not be conceived from these obsciva-
tions that it if my wish to hold the unhappy people who arc
the subject of this lettei in slavery. I can only say that
there in not a man living who wishes moic sincerely than
I do to see a plan adopted for the abolition of it; but theie
is only one ptopcu and effectual mode by which n can be
accomplished, and that is by legislative authority ; and this,
as fai as my sulFrage will go, shall ncvei be wanting.5
" He savs, in a letter to the Maiquis De La Fayette, April
.r>, 17&1:
<• The scheme, my dear maiquis, which you propose as
a precedent, to encourage the emancipation ol the black
people m thi^ eouniiy tiotn the state ot bondage in which
they arc held, is a stiikms evidence of the benevolence of
\oui beau. I shall be happy to join vou in so laudable a
vvoik , but will deier going into a detail of the bu-incs^ tilt
1 have the pleasuie or seems \ ou.*
" In another letter to La Favettc. he sa\ > *
41 *The hcnevoienceot >ourhea.if,inj deurMaiquis, i-- so
eon-:j)icuous on all opoumoiu-, that I never wondei at any
htMi pioois of it: but \our late puichase of an estate in the
Colony or' eauuinc, With the view of emancipating the
•>l.ive-> on it, i^ a geneioiis and noble proof oi \oui human-
ity. Would to God a like spirit might diffuse itself gener-
ally into the numb* ot the people of t!n< country.'
** fn a letter to Sir John Sinclair, he further said:
t.rpju rc JU<> U) Pennsylvania Liw? for the gradual aboli-
tion ot sdavciy, which neither Virginia nor Maryland have
at pie^ent, but which nothing is more certain than nicy
urn -t Wave, and at apenod not remote.*
In a letter to Charles lMnckney, Governor of £outli
Carolina, on the 17 th of March, 93, he says;
"' f mtKt sa> that I lament the decision of your Legis-
lature upon the question ot importing slaves after Maieh,
17G.'J. I was m hopei that motive* of policy, well as?
other good reason^, supported by the direful effects of sla-
very, which at this moment ate pies,ented, would have
operated to produce a total prohibition of the importation
of slaves, whenever the question came to be agitated in any
State that might be interested in the measure.'
" From his last will and testament we make the follow-
ing extract:
"' Upon the decease of my wife, it is my will and desii e
that all the slaves which I hold in my own right shall re-
ceive their fieedoin. To emancipate them during her life
would, though earnestly wished by me, be attended with
such insuperable difficulties, on account of their intermix-
ture by marriage with the dower negroes, as to excite the
most painful sensation, if not disagreeable consequences,
from the latter, whiie both descriptions are in the occu-
pancy of the same proprietor, it not being in my power,
undei the tenure by which the dower negioes are held, to
manumit them.'
" From the Father of his Country, we now turn to the
authoi of the Declaration offndependence. We will listen to
"the voice of jefferson.
"On the 39th and 49th pages of his Notes on Virginia,
Jefferson says:
" 'Tbcic must doubtless be an unhappy influence on the
manners of our people, produced by the existence of slavery
among u >. The whole commci ce between master and slave
i& a perpetual exei cise of the most boisterous passions—the
most unremitting despotism on the one part, and degrading
submissions on the other. Our children see this, and learn
to imitate it; foi man is an imitative animal. This quality
is the gum of all education in linn. Fiom his cradle to his
grave, he is learning to do what he sees others do. If a
parent could find no motive, either in his philanthropy or
his selMove, lot restraining the intemperance of passion
towaul $ his i-lave, it should always be a sufficient one that
his child is present. But genet ally it is not sufficient. The
parent stoi ins, the child looks on, catches the lineaments of
wiatli, puts on the same airs in the circle of smaller slaves,
gives a loo-erem to the wor->tof passions, and, thus mused,
educated, and daily exercised in tyranny, cannot but be
stamped 6y it with odious peculiarities. The man must be a
piodiiry who can retain liio manners and morals undepraved
by buch cncumstances. And with what execration should
the statesman be loaded who, permitting one half the citi-
zens thus to trample on the lights of the other, tiansforms
those into despots and these into enemies, destroys the
moiab of the one part, and the amor patrice of the othei;
foi if a '•lave can have a countiy in this woiJd, it must be
any othei in preference to tli.it in which he is bom to live
and iaboi toi another; in which he must lock up the fac-
ulties. of Ins nature, contribute, as far as depends on his m
dividual endeavor.;, to the cvanishmcnt of the human race,
or entail his own miserable condition on the endless gener-
ations proceeding Iioni him, With the moials of the people,
their industry is also destroyed; for, in a warm climate,no
man will labor lor himself who can make another laborfor
him. This is so true, that of the proprietors of slaves a very
small proportion, indeed, aie ever seen to labor. And can
the libeities of a nation be thought secure, when we have
removed their only firm basis—a conviction m the minds of
the people that these libei ties aic the gift of God.? that they
are not to be violated but by His wiath? Indeed, I tiemble
foi my country when I rerioet that God is just; that His
justice cannot sloop forever; that, considering numbers,
nature, and natutal means only, a revolution ot the wheel
of toitune, an exchange of situation is among possible
events ; that it may becume piobable by supernatural inter-
ference ! The Almighty has no attribute which can take
side with us m such a contest.'
'• While Virginia was yet a colony, m 1774, she held a
convention to appoint delegates to attend the lirst general
Congress, which was to assemble, and did assemble, in
Philadelphia, in September of the same year. Before that
convention, Mi. Jefferson made an exposition of the rights
of British Amenca, in which he ?aid :
"' The abolition of domestic slavery is the groat object
of desire m these colonies, where it was unhappily intro-
duced in their infant state. But previous to the enlian-
chiseinent of the slaves, it is necessary to exclude further
importations from Afiica Yet our repeated attempts to
effeet ihis by piohibition--, and by imposing duties which
uu<jht amount to piohibition, have been hitheito defeated
by his Majesty's negative; thus prefening the^flinmcdiate
advantage ot a lew Atncan corsaiis to the lasting interests
of the Ameucan States, and the rights of human nature,
deeply wounded by tins infamous piactice.'
" In the original draft of the Declaiation of Independence,
of which it is well known he was the author, we find this
chaigc against the King ot Great Biitain :
" ' lie has waged cruel war against human nature itself,
violating its most sacicd lights of life and liberty in the
persons ot a distant people who never offended him, capti-
vating and carrying them into slavery m anothci hemi-
sphere, or to incur miserable death m their transportation
tlnthet. This piratical warfare, the oppiobtium of infidel
Povvei^, is the waifaic of the Christian King ot Great Biit-
ain. Dcteimined to keep ainaiket where, men should be
bought and sold, he has at length piostituted his negative
toi suppressing any legislative attempt to piohibit and le-
stram this execrable commeice.'
" Ileai him further ; he says :
'•k VVi! bold these truths to be self-evident, that all men
aie cieated equal; that they arc endowed by their Creator
with ceitam unalienable lights; that among these are life,
libeity, and the puisuit of happiness ; that to secure these
mlits, government-* are instituted among men, deriving
then ju^t powers from the consent of the. governed.'
" Under date of August 7, 1783, in a letter to Dr. Piice,
of London, he says:
'Northward of the Chesapeake you may find, here and
there, an opponent of your doctrine, as you may find, here
and there, a robber and murderei; but in no great number.
Emancipation is put into sueh a uain, that in a few years
there will be no slaves noithward of Maryland. In Mary-
land I do not find such a disposition to begin the redre&s of
this enormity as in Virginia. This is the next State to
which we may turn our eyes for the interesting spectacle
ot justice in conflict with avauce and oppression; a con-
flict whfcrein the sacred side is gaining daily recruits fiom
the influx into office of young men grown up and growing
up. These have sucked in the principles of liberty, as it
were, with their mother's milk; and it is to them I look
with anxiety to turn the fate of the question.'
