1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Mr. BRANCH. I object without qualification.
The CHAIRMAN. Tim question is on the
motion th«t the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having^
resumed the chair, Mr. "Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the committee had had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill (No. 388) to provide for the payment
of outstanding Treasury nptes, to authorize a
loan, to regulate and fix the duty on imports, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman withdraw
his motion a moment ? I rise to a question of
privilege.
Mr. BRIGGS. I am willing to accommodate
the gentleman n moment. I will hear him.
Mr. COVODE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope no gentleman will en-
deavor to tiansact any business now.
Mr. COVODE. I am instructed by a special
committee to make a report to the House.
Mr. BRANCH. I object.
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman has no right
to object. It is a privileged matter.
Mr. FLORENCE. A motion to adjourn is a
motion of higher privilege than any other.
Mr. BRANCH. The motion to adjourn is a
privileged motion.
Mr. MILES. I bog the gentleman from New
York to withdraw his motion. To-morrow is
Good Friday, and a great many members are ex-
ceedingly unwilling' to sit to-morrow; and T beg
the gentleman to allow me to offer a motion that
when the House adjourns it adjourn until Mon-
day next.
Mr. FLORENCE. And or) Good Friday we
can pass a great many private bills,anddo agond
deal of good. I believe to-morrow is objection
day.
Mr. BRIGGS. I insist on my motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly (at five o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlpril (}, IStiO.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gitrley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND -MEMORIALS,
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I present the monuniai of
Hon. Daniel S. Dickinson and oilier citizens of
Buighamton, New York, praying for the passage
of <ui act directing a term of the district and cir-
cuit courts of tin* United States for the northern
district of New Yoik to be held at that place,and
a petition of Horatio Ballard and others, of Cort-
land county, New York, praying for an act di-
recting the circuit and district courts of the United
States to be held at Buighamton, New York. In
connection therewith, I desire also to present a
statement made by the chrk of the circuit court
for the northern distiict of New York, in a letter
addressed to the Hon. Charles B. Sedgwick, of
the House of Representatives, communicating
some facts on this subject; and also a statement
touching the number of counties, and the popu-
lation of the several counties interested m having
a court held at that place, they containing some
four hundred thousand people; also a report in
which is contained a sketch of a map and certain
statements bearing on this subject. J move that
they .ill be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of Jo-
seph Wilson, a surgeon in the Navy, praying !
that the surgeons of the Navy may be allowed an '
increase of pay; which was referred to the Com- !
mittee on Naval Affairs. i
Mr. BINGHAM presented the petition of Wil- j
liam Fan field, n soldier in the war of 1812, pray- |
ing to be allowed a pension; which was referred j
to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
(h-dercdj Tliat leave be giaufed to withdraw from the files
, oftho Senate unoriginal deed from the United States asses-
sor, in 1815, to Abraham Hines and Matthew limes for a
Jot m the citj oi Warrington, bought by them at a tax sale
of the Government.
! On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
| Or Awed, Thatleave be granted to withdraw the memorial
of the lr;gal representative? oi' Thoums Nelson, an officer
| in the arinv of the Revolution, prayina: compilation for a
• house destroyed by the military foices during that war, and
to be allowed the commutation pay to which he was enti-
' tied.
| BILL INTRODUCED.
I Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
381) to provide for holding the circuit court and
J district court of the United States at Bmgham-
| ton, m the State of New York; which was read
1 twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
I on the Judiciary.
I REPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
; Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Jeffrey
T. Adams, late clerk of the United States court
for the Territory of Minnesota, praying to be al-
lowed the compensation contemplated by the act
of 26th of February, 1853, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 250) for the re-
lief of Anson Dart, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian AiFairs^ which was
agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 369) for the protection of the fisheries
upon the Potomac river, in the District of Colum-
bia, reported it with an amendment.
STEVENS'S RAILROAD REPORT.
Mr. LANEsubmitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved* That the Committee on Printing be instiucted
to inquitc into the expediency o! punting two handled
extra copies of the final report of Governor Stevens of the
exploiatton of a northern route for a Pacific railroad, for
tlie u*e ot'Messrs. Buckley and Cooper, the naturalists of
the exploiatton.
ISLAND OF SAN JUAN.
Mr. LANE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agieed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State bo three ted to com-
municate to the Senate the repot t of Ilcniy R. Cro^bie, Esq.,
emhodMng the lacts and occurences connected with the
occupation o< tne island of ban Juan.
WILLIAM V. BOWIIAY.
Mr. HALE. 1 ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to take up, for passage, Senate bill No. 373.
It was reported by the Committee on Claims yes-
terday; and if the Senate will give me their ear
(or about two minutes, I think they will pass it.
It is m behalf of an old man, whom many Sen-
ators may have met about the city, walking on
two crutches, nearly eighty years of age. His
name is Bowhay. He was reduced to this state
by injuries received in the naval service, on board
n national vessel; but not being an enlisted sailor,
he does not come within the pension law. The
committee have reported a bill to give him the
small sum of $500, m full for his injuries. 1 move
that the bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.No-
373) for the relief of William P. Bowhay was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to allow the sum of &500
to William P. Bowhay, for severe personal in-
juries received by him whilst employed by the
United States on board the frigate Congress,
w'lich rendered him a cripple for life.
Mr. HALE. I think I am justified in moving
to increase the sum to $800. That was the sum
originally asked; and I think that was the judg-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on Claims,
who had the subject under consideration. But,
for fear it might not pass, they put the bill at the
small sum of $500. The old man now stands at
your door a cripple, and he has been so for years,
from injuries received m the service. I move the
amendment, and I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims to give his views upon it.
Mr, IVERSON. The committee had this case
under consideration in three aspects. The old
man asked some compensation for a machine he
had invented and obtained a patent for from the
Government. He alleged that the machine was
in the use of the Government, and that they ought
to pay some compensation for it. We looked into
that, and found that his patent expired in 1830*
Ii the Government used it, they had a right to use
it after the patent expired; and therefore we de-
clined to give compensation—although it is a very
valuable invention, and no doubt the Government
has derived some benefit from it. He also asked
compensation for injuries sustained m the employ-
ment of the Government. The fact was, the old
man was employed on the frigate Congress, at the
ravy-yard at washington city, and fell from a
scaffolding into the hold; timber fell on him, and
he has been a cripple ever since. He came before
the committee, and I do not think I have ever seen
a case that appealed so strongly to the sympathies
of Senators. He is in a very bad condition, and
has been so for many years, growing out of the
injuries received on that occasion. He has now
grown very old—over eighty years of age—and
is very poor; and be asks Congress to allow him
a pittance for the residue of his days. I was in
favor, myself, of allowing $800, which the com-
mittee allowed in another case to a man injured at
the same yard, but not at the same time, very
muchundercireumstanceshke these. Some mem-
bers of the committee, however, said, " Perhaps
if it were put at a lower sum it would more readily
pass." But I am satisfied he ought to have$800;
and I am very willing to vote for the amendment
which the Senator from New Hampshire has pro-
posed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES PORTIORFIELD'S REPRESENTATIVE.
Mr. DURKEE. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom'was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 243) for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Charles Porterfield, deceased, have direct-
ed me to report it back, and recommend its pas-
sage. I ask that it be put on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider tho
bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to issue to William Kinney and Thomas
J. Michie, executors of the last will and testament
of Robert Porterfield, deceased, a number of war-
rants, equal to six thousand one hundred and
thirty-three acres of land, according to the usual
subdivisions of the public surveys, in quantities
not less than forty acres, to be by them located
on any of the puGlic lands which have been or
may be surveyed, and which have not been other-
wise appropriated at the time of such location
within any of the States or Territories of the Uni-
ted States, where the minimum price shall not ex-
ceed $1 25 peracre, to be appropriated accordmgto
the directions contained in the last will and testa-
ment of Robert Porterfield, deceased, in the same
manner and for the purposes directed in regard
to the lands which were lost by those legal rep-
resentatives in the action with Clark and others,
as decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the Senator
from Wisconsin if this bill is in pari materia with
Senate bill No, 196, for the reliefof the legal rep-
resentatives of Charles Porterfield.
Mr. DURKEE. It is the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
OLIMA W. CAX\0N.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As I shall not be here on
next private bill day, 1 ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up Senate bill No. 98, for the reliefof
Olivia W. Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon,
hite a midshipman m the United Slates Navy.
The bill has been repoited by the Committee on
Pensions favorably. Mr. Cannon was in the
United States Navy under Commodore Perry,
during the last war with Great Britain. In 1855
or 1856 Congress passed an act giving the widow
a pension for the term of five years. She now asks
for an extension of it during life or widowhood.
The services of her husband were meritorious,
