1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <^LOiE.
honest and able administration of President Polk,
inclusive of the years of the existence and con-
elusion of the Mexican war.
Now, sir, in the remarks which I made in open-
ing the argument in favor of the propositions
which T shall sustain, I took occasion to animad-
vert with some severity on the conduct of the
President, his Attorney General, Mr. Black, and
others high in authority, for their connection with
the distribution of the public printing plunder.
®j?he gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Olopton] de-
sires that I should afford some proof to the House
to justify my charge. I will do so; and I am
confident I can satisfy the House that the evi-
dence of Mr. Wendell—whom it has lately be-
come the fashion, on the part of the President, his
organ, and his minions, to treat with contumely—
is truthful, and is corroborated by the evidence
before the committee of the Senate and before the
committee of the House; and it comes with an ill
trace from gentlemen on the other side of the
louse now to attack Mr. Wendell, for whom
they voted for Printer in the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, and for whom many of them also voted in
caucus during the Thirty-Fifth Congress. It ill
becomes them to attack the credibility of his tes-
timony, when it is proved by Senator Bigler,
by Attorney General Black, by Mr. Appleton,
by all the immediate friends of the President him-
self, that Mr. Wendell was on the closest and
most intimate and confidential relations with the
President; doing for him the work which I am
sorry he was engaged in; doing for him, as a
friend, that work which was intended to extricate
his Administration from the terrible defeat it re-
ceived in the just rejection of the Lecompton con-
stitution.
Sir, it should be borne in mind by the House,
that in 1857-58, Mr. Wendell was the proprietor
of the Washington Union, the President's organ;
that the articles in that paper, as the evidence
shows, were written sometimes by Judge Black,
and that these articles had always, or generally,
to be submitted to the President for his approval.
It should be borne in rnind also, that in the mat-
ter of the distribution of the spoils of office, Mr.
"Wendell, being the head of the home organ of
the President, was, to a certain extent, his confi-
dential friend and confederate, as well as the friend
and confederate of Judge Black, ana the other
gentlemen who distributed this Post Office print-
ing plunder. And, sir, it is not to be expected
that lie could bring before the committee of this
or of the other House, witnesses who were present
'with the President or Judge Black, when they
attended in a private and confidential way to the
little matters of assisting the Administration by
giving the profits of the public printing to keep
up the Pennsylvania!}, the Argus, and the Con-
stitution.
Now I propose to read from the evidence before,
the committee, extracts to show that the Presi-
dent himself knew of the profits of the Post Office
blanks printing, and that he, through Mr. Apple-
ton, and through Attorney General Black, was a
party to that arrangement which distributed the
profits of that printing to keep up his organs. I
will read, from page 13, anu other pages of the
testimony before the Senate printing committee,
Mr. Wendell's evidence:
"Mr. Seidell. Well, if you were under no obligation in
writing, express oi implied, with Mr. Harris, in relation to
the public printing, wtiy did you persist in continuing the
paper that cost you $18,000 per annum ?
" ^nstt-er. T iooked upon it as a medium of procuring
from the Executive such work as was at his disposal.
" Quesfom. By the ' Executive ' you mean the Departs
nients ?
"Answer. I mean the President, emphatically.
" Question. You spoke of the public printing. I want to
know what you mean?
" Answer. The printing for the House of llepresentatives,
for Oie Senate, and for the Executive Departments.
'"Question. Do you include in the executive printing the
printing of the Post Oflice blanks?
u Answer. I do, when I speak of th^public printing.
" Question. Do you consider that tie Post Office blanks
are necessarily the work of the Printer of either House?
" Answer. As the Piesident pleases.
u Question. Then he must decide between them?
"Answer. The law gives it to the heads of the Depart-
ments, and he can decide between them.
"Question. Now,sir,wasitnotdistinctlyunderstood that
the condition of this transferor" the Union, orthe sum which
was to be paid was, that the fund from which this $*20,000
was to be paid, was to be presumed to be considered a fair
share of the profits of the Post Office blanks?
"Answer. No, it was the whole, not a fair share.
"Question. But the point to winch I wish to arrive Is,
that your agreement with Mr. Bowman had nothing to do
with the public printing proper, which the President was
obliged to give to the Puriiei of one or the other House, but
that this $-20,000 was to be paid out of the profits of the Post
Office blanks?
"•Answer. And the binding: and that I was to look for
remuneration lor the paper to the printing for the Senate
when Bowman should be elected.
<• Question. With whom Was that made ?
"Answer. With Bowman, and concurred in by Hon.
J. S. Black and Hon. John Appleton, distinctly, clearly,
and unequivocally; nothing was plainer. Tliat was a verbal
arrangement.
" Question. What other sums of money other than these
two have you been called upoh to pay, or have you paid ?
"Answer. 1 paid to Mr. Iiice, of the Peunsylvanian, under
an arrangement with lum, §11,198 57, besides the two sums
you have mentioned.
u Question. Any other sums, Mr. Wendell ?
"•Answer. To Mr. Sevems, of the Philadelphia Argus,
rising five thousand dollars. The total charge is §7,150, but
a portion of that was not directly lor the Aigus. Those may
be considered by the direction of the Executive.
" By Mr. Kennedy :
" Question. Do you say, to the Argus, by direction of the
Executive?
"•Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. I thought I understood y«u, the other day, to
say that theie was no compulsion exercised upon you to
pay; but you considered you were, to a certain extent,
bound to give to the Argus ?
" Ansiver. Under the arrangement with Rice. Allow mo
to say, that Rice obtained the contract, and then tieverns
and his friends claimed a part, arid! was directed to reduce
the amount to Rice, and pay an amount to Severns.
" By Mr. Seidell :
" Qttcstion. Who directed you?
" •Answer. The Executive.
" Question. Whoin do you mean by the Executive?
11 •Answer. James Buchanan.
" Quezon. You said you had no conversation with him.
" •Answer. That is m relation to the printing.
Question. Was this done verbally and personally?
" •Answer. Personally. There was a contest between
Mr. Bigler and Colonel Florence about it.
•£ By Mr. Kennedy :
" Question. Ou what was this claim ba«ed?
" •Answer. Party, 1 presume; its editor having been re-
moved from an olhcc.
14 By Mr. King :
" Question. Ih it proper to inquire what party? I will
make the inquiry; what party?
" Ansicer. The Democratic party proper.
" Question. Were those papers all supporting the Ad-
ministration ?
" Ansicer. Yes, sir; T think they did. T was not a reader
of the papers, but they were understood to be.
" Quertun. Then it was ascertained aftei wards that Mi.
Rice was receiving a much laigor &um from this business
than was in the contemplation of any of those who gave it
to him at the time; and in consequence of that, 1 ask you
if it was not considoied expedient that a portion of those
profits, exceeding that which anybody contemplated at the
time, should go to this other office?
"Ansucr. You remind me of it; it was so.
" Question. That is making a fairpiofit? Theallowance
was made in ignorance of these impiovements. It was
supposed that the Pcnnsylvanian would *be receiving
$10,000 a year; but it having afterwards been found that
the profits weie very much greatei, it was considered but
fair that a portion of it should be diverted" to somebody else,
"Ansucr. You have it correctly.
" Question. It was not, then, in addition? You did not
pay any more by paying to the Argus this .-§5,000, for it was
a mere diversion from one party to another.
"•Answer. That is the idea. You have it corrcct in the
main.
"Question Now I want to ask you when you had this
conversation with the Pi evident in relation to the substitu-
tion of the Argus'
"Answer. 1 cannot tell. I was in the habit of seeing the
President almost daily. He never went mto details. lie
would say, ' Well, now settle it.'
"Question. At these conversations with the President,
who were present ?
"Answer. On some occasions Mr. Bigler, I think, was
present.
" Question. You had no private conversation, I suppose;
there was no mystery about it?
"Answer. Sometimes some of the parties interested
would be there. I should have a demand made upon me,
and 1 should say to the President that I was called upon m
tins way; and he would say, - Weil, settle it.' He did not
wish to be troubled with it I do not wish to bo under-
stood an saying that the President said,' Wendell, if you
do not do this, i will do thatbut ] have seen enough to
take a hint.
"Question. Did the President nond for you about tills
printing?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" By Mr. Kennedy :
" Question. What was the rate at which you were to pay
this money?
" Answer. I was to pay twelve or fifteen thousand dol-
lars a year. Subsequent to that, Mr. Rice having left the
Pennsjlvaman, I agreed with Mr. Baker to pay $1,000 a
month; but, on consideration of my having given largely
to elections, 1 said X did not think he ought to commence
until the month of April. I think there was an interval of
three or four months, during which I did not pay him any-
thing. Then I was forced to make th« transfer of the
Union, for I was getting behind.
" Question. You say you thought the money eould be
better spent elsewhere ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Was there anything paid afterwards?
"Answer. I contributed to different congressional dis-
tricts.
" Question.- fn what States?
" Answer. In Pennsylvania ; here in Washington, we felt
a vast solicitude to sustain the President in his own State;
but I need scarcely remark that we failed. ' • r ' -
" Qwesiiou. What districts did you contribute to?
" Answer. To different ones ; to districts in Philadelphia.
" Question. Flow much in Mr. Florence's district??'
" Answer. I think $2,200. - * :-
" Question. Any other? • -
" Answer. I think $1,000 injGlancy Jones's district; 6ut
there we were unsuccessful.
" Question. Anything in Mr. Millward's district?
" Answer. Yes, I think $500.
" Question. These sums were paid besides the amounts
to Mi. Rice and to the Argus?
t( Answer. Yes, sir.
"Mr. Kennedy. You bled freely.
tf The witness. it has been my habit.
" Question. In any other district?
" Answer. Yes, sir, in White's, Riley's, and Landy's,
" By Mr Kino:
u Question. Was this known to the Executive Depart-
ments?
Answer. It was Tolerably well jfcnown that I was a con-
tributing agent.
" Quesfion. And they knew it?
" Answer. The President was cognizant of the fact that
I was spending money liberally, though I never mentioned
to him the exact amount in any particular district.
" By Mr. Kennedy :
" Question. Mr. Wendell, how much a year do you sup-
pose you have contributed?
" Answer. I think, during the past four yeans, I have con-
tributed, directly or indirectly, $100,000.
" By Mr. Budell:
" Question. What do you mean by indirectly ? I suppose
part of that sum went to the support of the Union ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I mean that that amount has been
paid out of the profits of my office. If a clever fellow was
running for Congress, and wanted $500, and I had it, I could
not help giving it; but Hie exact amount I could not tell."
" By Mr. Kennedy :
" Question. But, without this public printing, you would
not have been able to do it?
" Answer. Wo, sir."
Now, as to this card of Mr. Wendell referred
to by the gentleman from Virginia, I desire to
say, that lie will find it in the testimony here
recorded, and tljat it referred, not to the Post
OfFicc blanks printing, nor to the distribution of
the printingfat all; but to the use of money by the
direction of the President for the purpose of car-
rying elections.
Now you will find on page 30, the examina-
tion of Mr. Scvcrns, editor and proprietor of the
Evening Argus, of Philadelphia:
"Answer. 1 received money from Mr. Wendell, but-1
was hubpenaed in this city, and have not the opportunity to
know what was the amount.
" Mr. tf lideli.. Mr. Wendell stated It to be $5,000.
"Mr. King. It was something in the neighborhood of
that sum ?
" The witness. Yes, air; I think it was.
" By Mr. King :
" Question. How came that money to be paid to you?
" Answer. I think, by instructions toflfr. Wendell.
" Question. By whom ?
" Answer, i cannot really say positively, but T think by
the Postmaster General. Mr. Wendell told me that it was
to be paid.
l\y Mr. Kennedy :
<k Question. What did you do for it?
Answer. I understood that Mr. Rice was given the con-
tract, with au understanding that I was to have an interest,
in it. It was for printing the Post Office blanks.
" Question. And you were to have an interest in it?
" Ansicer. Yes, sir.
Question. Do you own a press ?
"Answer. Yes, sir
<• 13y Mr. Kino:
" Question. Wcie you to do anything for this money, or
was it a contribution ?
" Answer. It was a contribution.
" Question. Were you a party to the contract, or was Mr.
Rice alone ?
" Answer. Mr. ltlee was ; and there was an understand-
ing that I was to have a contribution of $5,000 out of it.
'• Question. Then I do not understand that you were a
party to the contract?
" Answer. No; but it was given to him with the under-
standing that I was to have a contribution to that amount.
" Question. To aid in the support of a party press—as a
political contribution?
"Answer. Yes,sir.
" liy Mr. Kennedy :
4< Question". What is your paper?
" Answer. The Evening National Argus, of Philadel-
phia.
" By Mr. King:
« Question. And this sum was paid to you by Mr. Wen-
dell. Was it upon anybody's order or suggestion ?
" Answer. It was by diaft. I drew upon Mr. Wendell,
and he paid the diafts.
" Question. Did you ever converse with the Postmaster
Gcncial about this'
" Answer. No, sir.
<( Question. From whom did you get the information'that
you were to have this contribution ?
"Answer. From Mr. Wendell.
" Question, Do you know anything further touching the
subject-matter of the resolution ?
" Answer. No, sir. I was no party to the contract.
" By Mr. Kennedy ;
" Question. What was the sum you reoeived?
" Answer. I think it was in the neighborhood of $5,000.
