2dl0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
" By Mr. King:
" Question. At that time you were printing a party news-
papet, supporting tl e Administration here 5
"Anstccr. Yes, sir.
tf liv Mr. Slidell:
"Question. I ask whether you could not have performed
this contract with as much laciiity as Mr. Usee did ?
"Answer. 1 could by giving it to other parties to do; but
I had not the luciiiues myself.
"Mr. Slidell. Neither had Mi. Rice?
" The witness. I understand he provided means for that
purpose. I do not think he printed the blanks, but he pro-
vided lor presses and plates.
" By Mr. Kennedy :
" Question. Did you do anything of the printing at all?
"Answer* No. sir.
*' By Mr. Smdell:
" Question. You have stated, Mr. Severns, that this thing
was done by injunction liom the Postmaster General. I)o
you know anything about n?
" Answer. No, sit, 1 do not. That was the iinpre&iion I
received through a conv m nation with Mr. Wendell.
"Mr. Anthony. I do not understand how >ou came to
have a shaie in the contract, i underhand jou have no
facilities toi doing tin* work ; that the contract was given
to Mr. Rice ; and that you weie to have $*5,U00 ; but i do
not understand how you came to have that amount ot the
contract.
" .'hisirrr. Well, I really do not understand myself ex-
actly how it was, except thutl was to have an interest in
the contract. The contract was given by the Postmaster
Guuctal to Mi. ivico with tU«u uudeistanding.
" Uy Mr. Kennedy :
" Question. Had >ou ever applied for the contract itself?
" Answer. ! think J did, su ; I cannot bu positive.
" Question. Had you over asked for «-uppott tor your paper
from the President and heads of Departments?"
If I had time, I could satisfy the House, by the
evidence of Mr. Rice, and of Air. John Appleton,
and of Senator Bigixr himself, that the President
was the party to whom application was made, in
relation to the distribution of the profits from the
printing of the Post Office blanks, and that he di-
rected how those profits should be disposed of.
Now, the House should bear in mind that Mr.
Rice, who received the order from the Post Office
Department, for the printing of these Post Office
blanks, was used by the President^ as a mere
dummy. Mr. Rice received only forty-three per
cent., down to a certain period, when it was dis-
covered by the President, as testified to by Mr.
Baker, in that portion of his evidence read by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Pryor,] tlmt the
profits of the printing of those blanks amounted
to more than ten or twelve thousand dollars. Then
it was, and not until then, that this $5,000 was
given to the Evening: Argus, and $>10,000 to the
Pennsylvanian, and the balance retained for the
sui p6rt of the Constitution newspaper.
Mr. CLOPTON. 1 ask the gentleman from
NevV Yoi k simply to allow me to have read a pas-
sage from the evidence.
Mr. HASKIJN. Certainly.
Mi. CLOPTON. I was not able to get hold
of tiie testimony taken by the Senate committee
before the discussion commenced yesterday. The
passage winch i desire to read is in relation to
the transfer of the Constitution newspaper. It is
as follows, from the testimony of Mr. Bowman:
"Question. Was it understood, in your conversation*,
that the wishes or advicc of the President would control
this! matter ?
"Answer. No, sir; it was not. The President had noth-
ing to do, directly or indirectly, with the tianstcr of that
pap -r, to the be-n of my Knowledge." * * * *
"■Question. \Va" it not an understanding that Wendell
should do the printing, hut that a was belter that the ug) ce-
ment that Wendell should do the printing, it you were
elected Senate Printer, should not be in tin written agree-
ment? Wa  it not an outside honorable understanding?
"Answer* No, sir; I do not remember anything or that
kind, i should be tar hoin making an arrangement about
a thing I did not po^es>. It was a matter mat I could not
control. The question was this: Wendell wanted to get
rid of th'i pupet; he wanted to do so lor two reasons; he
said he would not continue the paper tortwo weeks longer
for $*2,000. lie seemed to be very anxious to get out. lie
fcaul thej weie plundciiug him every day, and that he was
sinking money, and he must get out; and I went in e.irlu r
than I de ned to do. The papei was a matter of no conse-
quence to him ; and I know when I made the contract for
the establishment 1 would lather have been out; but I
agreed, it Judge Black coun>eled me, to go into it. 1 made
the arrangement on that single fact. Wendell said it was
sinking many thousand dollars., and that it was ot no ac-
count to turn," * * * * * * *
" QueUion. The object of the inquiry is, as to what was
the undeistaudtng. Did you undeiotand that Mr. Wendell
was to do the woik ?
"Answer. No,  ir; I never understood myself to be un-
der any obligation to give Mr. Wendell the woik. if I were
elected, growing out of any contract m relation to the trans-
fer of the paper.
" Queativn, When you say 'obligation,' do you mean
legal?
"Answer. No, sir; I mean moral, or any arrangement
that would bind a man by any technicality at all. I never
said 1 was bound, and I never entered into any contract or
arrangement with Mr. Wendell on that subject."
Mr. HASKIN. 1 trust that the extracts which
the gentleman has read will be inserted in his re-
marks, and not in mine. ^
Mr. HOUSTON. Why not in yours? They
bear on tho point under discussion.
Mr. HASKIN. I prefer that they should not
be inserted in mine. 1 will now proceed with my
remarks.
Itis unnecessary for me to recapitulate all the evi-
denceadduccd showing the complicity of the Presi-
dent in the distribution of this printing plunder.
It is unnecessary for me to go on and specify the
charges against the Administration and against
this " old public functionary, "which have been es-
tablished before various committees of this House
and ot the Senate,because, in the expiring moments
of the Administration, 1, for one, have some pity
for that "old functionary,"and am willing to cry
"quits." But, sir, the remark of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smitii,] about my shooting
shafts of mahce at this " old public functionary,"
was unjust. No member of tins Coi.gress, or of
the last, came to it with a more earnest desire to
sustain the Administration than myself, and no
man worked more zealously for it than 1 did. But
when I found the President treacherous to the
principles upon which he was elected; when 1
found him tiying to force into this Union a slave
State, undei a constitution which the people had
rejected and spit upon, I opposed him. And for
that he has been opposed to that extent that he
has been repudiated even at his own home, and
he should at least have now some little consider-
ation of mercy show to him, unless, indeed, the
Judiciary Committee of this House should see
proper, under the suggestion made on the other
side of the House, to-day, to prefer articles of im-
peachment against him.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 suppose the gentleman
from New York is in a very lit condition to sym-
pathize with a repudiated man.
Mr. HASKIN. Now, sir, in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] who al-
luded to the giving out of the contract for the
public binding, I would state that the Committee
on Printing, of which I am a member, and of
which the distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
GurleyJ is chairmau,gave out the binding to the
lowest bidder; and when, at the instigation of a
disappointed man, who was defeated in getting
the contiact, and who was a pauper, an investi-
gation was ordered in the other branch of Con-
gress, evidence was produced to prove that fact.
Mr. MA YNAlli). 1 rise to a question of order.
I have taken no patt in this debate; but we have
a question before us of great importance, and it
is desirable that it should be decided correctly.
We have had a great deal too much of this de-
bate, and 1 now interpose an objection to it.
Mr. HASKIN. i insist that, as I was attacked
as a member of that committee, 1 have a right to
justify myself.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. MAYNARD. well,I withdraw the point
of order.
Mr. HASKIN. The evidence shows that the
committee of this House gave out the public bind-
ing at forty cents a quarto volume, and twelve
cents an octavo, while in the other Chamber, the
committee of the Senate gave it out at seventy-five
cents a quaito, and twelve and a half cents an
octavo; and it is known—for the chairman of
tho Committee of Ways and Means stated the
fact—that the binding for this body has been done
better than it has been done heretofore for the past
ten years. So much for that charge.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. One remark just
there. I stated what 1 had heard, of course. I
never looked into the papers.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 must renew my question
of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I just want the facts
ascertained. The rumor is that the House com-
mittee letout the binding at onepricc, when there
was lying upon their table, and open to their con-
sideration, a lower bid. I want to ascertain if
that is the fact.
Mr. HASKIN. The next charge made by the
gentleman from Virginia was that 1 voted for Mr.
Defrees. I stated that at the time i voted for him
I did not know that he had made the proposition
to which the gentleman has referred.
Mr. STANTON. I trust the gentleman will
permit me to do justice to a worthy man, who
has been denounced here as a pauper.
Mr. HASKIN. 1 cannot yieid to assist in
getting up any more of these family quarrels. I
did vote for Mr. Defrees, just as sixty or seventy
members, who are considered as within the pale
of tne Democratic party ,♦ voted for candidates of
the American party, or, as they are commonly
called, the Know Nothing party, for Speaker.
But it is perfectly immaterial, in regard to this
question, how 1 voted. We are here considering
a matter of reform, which the whole country de-
sire to see accomplished. And, notwithstanding
the attacks made upon me in this connection, let
me say to the gentleman from Vngmia, [Mr.
Smith,] in all kindness, that it matters not what
he may say, it has nothing to do with the propo-
sition before us. 1 have occupied the position,
during the present Congress, of perfect party in-
dependence. 1 vote for whom I please; but upon
most occasions, the gentleman will find me voting
against ail schemes of extravagance, against all
schemes of peculation, fraud, and corruption, that
are brought up, whether sustained by the Demo-
cratic side of the House, under the auspices of
the President, or by the Republican side.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Burnltt] came to the relief of the President, and
he had to measure swords, upon that di iicate but
interesting subject, with another gentleman upon
that side of tiie X-Iouse—the distinguished gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Pryor:] and in that
c> nibat of the doughty knight from Kentucky
witn the gentleman from Virginia, in my opinion,
he was worsted. Bui, sir, he made an assertion
lu the course of his remarks that the President
did not know that extravagant profits were made
from the printing of these Post Office blanks. I
refer the gentleman ftom Kentucky to the recent
evidence, taken before that distinguished body
known as the Covode committee, of David Web-
ster, Esq., of Philadelphia,a distinguished lawyer
of the btate of Pennsylvania, who codified the
cnnunal laws of that State.
Mr. BARKSDALE. i desire to ask the gen-
tleman fiom New Yoik by what authority he
states anything in relation to the evidence taken
before that committee? Has the evidence been
published ?
Mr. HASKIN. It has been punted.
Mr. iJARKSDALE. By order of this House?
Mr. liASKiN. Yes, sir;, by order of the
House, as I believe.
Mr. HOUSTON. The evidence has been
printed by order of the House; but no such order
has been given for anything to be made public,
and 1 take it for granted that the gentleman from
New York has never seen any such evidence
published by order of the House.
Mr. HA&K1N. Yes, sir; the gentleman from
Pennsylvania showed it to me himself.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the gentleman from
New York seen the evidence of Mr. Webster, as
published by the order of the House ?
Mr. HASKIN. I perhaps ought to correct the
statement i made. 1 saw the testimony of Mr,
Webster as published m the public press, and 1
was informed by the chairman of the committee
[Mr. Covode] that it was correctly printed. But
what was Mr. Webster's testimony? He states
that soon after the inauguration of Air. Buchanan,
Judge Black, the Attorney General Black, the
writer of the jeremiads published in the Consti-
tution newspaper, desiring to conciliate John W.
Forney, and secure ins support of Air. Buchan-
an's Administration, wrote him a letter request-
ing an interview, and desired him to offer to Mr.
Forney the printing of these Post Office blanks,
which he stated were worth $20,000 a year, or
$80,000 for the four years of Mr. Buchanan's Ad-
ministration, if he would not oppose his Admin-
istration. Air. Webster testifies that he made this
oiler as the agent of Attorney General Black, who
undoubtedly actcQ " by authority" or direction
of the President, and acting under that direction
this offer was made to Air. Forney, the present
Clerk of the House. Did Mr. Forney accept the
offer? No, sir, he indignantly spurned it. He
said that under no circumstances would he be as
false to the pledges which the Democratic partjr
made m I65t>, wiien they adopted the Cincinnati
platform and elected Air. Buchanan upon it, as
the President seemed then disposed to be m ref-
erence to this Kansas question.
