1568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April G.
No. 137, which was [aid aside for the time being
is called up by the Senator from Louisiana.
The bill (S. No. 137) for the relief of Nahum
Ward was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides for pay-
ing to Nahum Ward, of Marietta, Ohio, the sum
of >67,678 27, in full for the amount due on forty-
three loan office certificates of the United States,
dated December 23, 1777.
Mr. BENJAM IN. I call for the reading of the
report made by my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Polk] last session, or the session before last, the
reading of which, I think, will satisfy the Senate
that itisoutof the question to pass this bill; and I
should like to have a vote taken on it by yeas and
nays.
The Secretary read the adverse report made by
Mr. Polk, from the Committee on Claims, on the
26th of January, 1858.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senator from Louisiana
to allow this bill to pass over until next week. I
think I can satisfy my friend from Missouri that
he has greatly erred in two or three matters of
fact—notoflaw—in his report,in relation to which
the court has found against him, and in relation to
which the court has found a sufficient explanation
of the decisions made by the Treasury Department,
in evidence since discovered. I am not prepared to
consider it to-day. Mr. Ward is one of my con-
stituents,and has had his case called to my atten-
tion. I think I can satisfy the Senator from Mis-
souri and the Senator from Louisiana that there is
an error of fact in that report, and that the court
has decided rightly. I move to postpone the bill
until next Friday.
The motion was agreed to.
* ERNEST FIEDLER.
The bill (S. No. 138) from the Courtof Claims,
for the relief of Ernest Fiedler, was read the sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of ihe
Whole. It provides for the payment to Ernest 1
Fiedler of §390 90, m full for excess of duties paid
by him on importations of ammonia, made by
him into the port of New York, m tin: years 1846,
1847,1849. 1851, and 1852.
Mr. SLiDELL. I should like to hear the re- j
port. j
The Secretary proceeded to read the opinion of i
the Court of Claims. j
Mr. SLIDELL. The bill in Ei-nest Fied- i
ler'scaseis for duties on ammonia. The docu- I
ment that is being read is in regard to duties on !
liquors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Cbnirun- ■
derstamls tlmt the Clerk is reading the leport of ,
the Court of Claims on Senate bill No* 138. j
Mr. SLIDELL. Perhaps it will enliven the j
Senate. !
Mr. PUGH. Then there is a discrepancy be- i
tween the bill and the report, because the lull says ,
it is for excess of duties on ammonia; but the ie- |
port speaks of duties on luandy and gin. I was i
going tosay, however, that there are .ibout forty of I
these cases. They involve not only a large amount ,
of money, but grave questions of law, on which j
the Court of Claims, I think, has giossly erred, I
and reversed repeated decisions of the Supreme :
Court of the United States, and in effect repealed !
an act of Congress. The Committee on Claims,* I
to which they were referred at the last Congress, j
reported against them. I believe my ftiond from :
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] and I had a brief dis-
cussion oti five or ten woids a few years ago,
giving notice respectively that we would debate
the question on the one side and the other; and
not expecting that the Senate woti'd make such
progress m the Calendar, 1 am not now prepared
to state my objections and refer to the acts of !
Congress and the decisions. I hope that all that !
class of cases refunding excess of duties on drugs j
and liquors will lie over. They are claims for i
the return of duties based on leakage during the .
voyage, though the duties were paid without pro-
test at the time. If actions had been brought
against the collector, as the law would have re- 1
quired before the establishment of the Court of;!
Claims, they could not have been sustained, he-
cause no protest was made. Now they have j
brought their actions against the Government in :
the Court of Claims. It is a large amount of:
mom y, and important questions of law are in-
volved, and 1 hope that class of cases will lie over !
until Friday, when 1 shall be able to state my !
objections; and besides, we have no printed report
of the decision of the Court of Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the consideration
of this bill and all like bills until Friday next.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make no objection to that
postponement. I shall endeavor to prepare my-
self to answer any objections the Senator from
Ohio may have in relation to these bills. I desire
to repeat now, what I said before, that I think
them due by the Government on the highest
grounds of equity and justice; and I hope I shall
be able to satisfy the Senate to that effect.
Mr. PUGH. I suggest that the decision of the
Court of Claims m the leading case, whatever it
is, be printed. It has not been printed, I think,
for two years; and probably we cannot very con-
veniently have a copy of the document. 1 move
that the decision of the Court of Claims in the
leading case, whatever it may be, be printed.
The"PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
advised by the Cleik that he has now m his pos-
session the particular report in this case. There
was some error before.
Mr. PUGH. We can look at it between now
and Friday next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the consideration of
this and all similar cases until Friday next.
The motion wa3 agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
further moves that the report of the Court of
Claims be printed. He will indicate the case in
which he desires to have the decision printed.
Mr. PUGH. The court made a principal de-
cision in one case, and then, in the other cases,
referred to that decision. Probably the Secretary
may find it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands fiom the Clerk that the reports have all
been printed.
Mr. IVERSON. The Clerk is mistaken. The
Committee on Claims made a leport in the case
of Sturges, Bennett & Co., which was one of the
class. That report of the Committee on Claims
has been printed, but it is not found in each par-
ticular case. It is only one report in the case of
Sturges, Bennett & Co., and in that case the
Clerk found, probably, the printed report of the
Committee on Claims at the last session. That
has been printed, and is, of course, accessible to
all Senators, The case of Sturges, Bennett &Co.
has only recently been reported back from the
Committee on Claims, having been overlooked
when this batch of cases was originally reported
at the present session. It is a late case on the Cal-
endar, and among the papers of that case, I think,
will be found the repot t of the committee.
Mi. SIMMONS. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Georgia if that claim of Stur-
ges, Bennett & Co. is still pending ?
Mr. IVERSON. I so understand.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senate dismissed the
case a year ago or more, I believe.
Mr. IVERSON. It is still pending in this way:
the law establishing the Court of Claims directs
that all cases shall £0 upon the Calendar, and
shall remain on the Calendar from session to ses-
sion, and from Congress to Congress, until dis-
posed of by both Houses; and, of course, no case
is considered as finally disposed of until both
Houses concur in the same decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
pass over all bills of this class, without bringing
them to the notice of the Senate.
FRANCIS HUTTMAN.
The bill (S. No. 143) for the relief of Francis
Huttman was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to di-
rect the Secretary of the Treasury to examine the
claim of Francis Huttman for losses sustained by
the detention of the bark Callao, at San Francisco,
in 1848, by the act of the collector of that port, and
to settle it according to the terms proscribed m sec-
tion four of the act " to create additional collection
districts in the State of California, and changing
the existing collection districts therein, and mod-
ifying the existing collection districts in the United
States,'' approved September 28, 1850, as though
it had been a collection district m 1848; and to pay
the sum due for actual damages, with interest, at
the rate of six per cent, per annum, from the 15th
of August, 1848; and also the import duties and
tonnage, and light dues on the vessel, illegally ex-
acted from Huttman; but nothing is to be paid for
speculative or consequential damages.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JEREMIAH PKNDERGAST.
The bill (S. No. 144) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast, of the District of Columbia, was read
a second time, and considered a's in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for placing the name
of J-creiriiah Pendergast on the pension list, at the
rate of fight dollars per month, from the 4th of
September, 1856, and to continue during his life,
in lieu of the pension to which he is now entitled
by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
OTWAY H. BERKYMAN.
The bill (S. No. 145) for the relief of Otway
H. Berryman, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for the payment to Otway H. Berryman of
$2,160 02, being the amount of losses sustained
by him while commanding and acting as purser
of the United States schooner On-ka-hy-e.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the re-
port in that case.
The Secretary read, the report; from which it
appeared, that the grounds relied upon by Lieu-
tenant Berryman are substantially those which
induced Congress to grant relief to Lieutenant
Charles G. Hunter, in 1858. Lieutenant Berry-
man assumed the command of the United States
schooner On-ka-hy-e m October, 1846, under an
order from the Navy Department, dated the 20th
* October, 1846, and he immediately entered upon
special duty, and performed active and arduous
service in the Gulf of Mexico, to Brazil, and
Chagrex, during twenty-two months, which was
terminated by the total shipwreck of the vessel on
a sunken reef, in July, 1848. With his command
he was ordered to perform the duties of purser to
the vessel, and these duties he performed through-
out the whole period of his command. No ad-
justment of his accounts took place until his return
to the United States, when it was found that he
bad actually expended as purser more money, by
$,2,325, than he could produce the requisite vouch-
ers for. This sum he paid to the Government,
and his accounts were balanced accordingly. He
alleges that he has diligently and faithfully kept
and disbursed the means intrusted to him as
purser, to pay the lawful liabilities of the Govern-
ment, and that the omission to take and return
the proper vouchers for all his expenditures was
alone the result of his ignorance of, and his want
of practice in, the duties of purser.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
EBENEZER IUCKER.
The bill (S. No. 151) for the relief of Ebenezer
Rieker was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
place the name of Ebenezer Ricker, late a corporal
in the Army of the United States, on the invalid
pension list, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
commencing on the 4th of March, 1856, and to
continue during his natural life, on account of a
wound received in the military service of the Uni-
ted States.
The hill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
RANDALL PEGG.
The bill (S. No. 154) for the relief of Randall
Pegg was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Its purpose is to
pay to Randall Pegg $199 58, being the difference
between the pay allowed him as a watchman on
the construction of the Patent Office extension and •
that allowed to other watchmen.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed ♦for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ELIJAH R. MERRILL.
The bill (S, No. 169) for the relief of Eli jah R.
Merrill was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole. Its object is to
