548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
other side of the House, who have a sense of
honor, believe that my position is correct. I know
that some of them regard my statement made on
the third day of the session as full and satisfac-
tory, and all that, under the circumstances, it was
proper for me to indicate.
For gentlemen now to press this matter; to agi-
tate the country; to spread these extracts all over
the South, and to charge the sentiments of this
book upon me and upon my associates here; to
proclaim, day after day, that the Republicans en-
tertain these sentiments and indorse theia, is not
that ingenuous, candid, and manly coarse which
a great party like the Democratic party ought to
pursue. While we may conduct our political
quarrels with heat, and discuss matters with zeal
and determination, it ought to be done with fair-
ness and frankness. The mode in which this res-
olution has been pressed before the country, and
1, with my hands tied and my lips scaled as a
candidate, have been arraigned, day by day, is
without a precedent, not only in history, but in
party caucuses, in State Legislatures, in State
conventions, or anywhere else.
Mr. Clerk, I said when I rose the other day
that my public opinions were on record. I say
so now. Gentlemen upon the other side have
said that they have examined that record fo ascer-
tain what my political opinions were. They will
look in vain for anything tending to excite insur-
rection, to disturb the peace, to invade the rights
of the States, to alienate the North and South from
each other, or to loosen the ties of fraternal fellow-
ship by which our people have been, and should
be, hound together. 1 am for the Union and the
Constitution, with all the compromises under
which it was formed, and all the obligations
which it imposes. This has always been my
position; and these opinions have Gcon avowed
by me on this floor and stand now upon your
records. Who has brought anything from that
record against me that is worthy of answer?
It is true that the other day one gentleman did
say I objected to the introduction of a bill. So I
did; but, when the gentleman who introduced the
bill made what I conceived to be a satisfactory
explanation, I withdtew it. That was all I could
do, and that it was proper for me to do. And, sir,
the country will take notice thai that is the only
accusation made against me while I have been
a candidate for Speaker before thia House. If
there be any others, bring them forward.
Mr.HlNDMAN. As I am the Democrat re-
ferred to by the member from Ohio, will he permit
me to refresh his recollection as to some other
points which I made in irgurd to his record ? I
charged the gentleman with having previously
advocated upon this floor the exclusion of slavery
by congressional legislation fiom certain Tem-
tories. [ charged him with having avowed his
intention to oppose the admission of new slave-
holding States into this Confedeiacy. I charged
him with having branded the fugitive slave law,
an net based upon ihe Constitution of his coun-
try, as a savage and inhuman law, I charged
him with having stigmatized a domestic institu-
tion of the southern States of this Union as an in-
jury to the master and a crime against the slave.
Those matters are yet to be met by the gentleman,
and I call his attention to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. In other words, I am charged
with being a Republican. That is myotfense;
none other. I have never sought to invade the
rights of the southern Slates. ] have never sought
to trample upon the rights of citi/.ens of the south-
ern States. I have my ideas about slavei y in the
Territories, and at the proper time and in the
proper way I am willing to discuss the question.
1 never made but one speech on the subject of
slavery, and that was in reference to wh.it I re-
garded as an improper remark made by President
Pierce, in 1856. I then spread upon th# record
my opinions on the subject; and I have found no
man to call them into question. They are the
opinions of the body of the Republicans. They
are the opinions which J now entertain. Gentle-
men are at liberty to discuss these questions as
much as they choose, and I will bear my share of
the responsibility for entertaining these opinions.
But t now speak to my personal record.
Mr. HINDMAjN*. Will the gentleman allow
me before he proceeds further:
Mr. SHERMAN
me.
Again: these gentlemen, while publishing in
their speeches all over the country that I am, in
effect, a traitor, &c., by implication, it is true,
disavowing, as I am glad, to say each of them have
done, any design to be personally offensive, but
in a way that answers the same purpose; yet
when called upon to showproofs or specifications,
they fail to do so; and the only act for which I
have been arraigned before the American people,
is that, in a moment when I was sitting here, busy
at my desk, and one of my friends, and late a
member of this House, came to me and asked me
to sign* a paper recommending the publication of
a political tract; that, when I authorized my name
to be put to that recommendation, by that verv
act I became a traitor, and would place the torch
in the hands of the incendiary. I say this is not
fair argument. And I again repeat that, if my
friend from Missouri [Mr. Clark] desires to know
what my sentiments are in regard to the extracts
read at the Clerk's table, the only portion of the
Helper book I have seen or read, I will give them
if he will remove a menace from me. I never dul
do anything under menace. I never will. It is
not in my blood, and these gentlemen cannot put
it there. [Applause from the Republican benches
and the galleries.]
Mi. CLARK, of Missouri, sought the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman will excuse
me. I have, so far as 1 am concerned in this
contest, been quiet and patient. I desire to see
an organization of the House opposed to the Ad-
ministration. I think it is our highest duty to
investigate, to examine, and analyze the mode in
which the executive powers of this Government
have been administered for a few yeais past.
That is my desire. Yes, sir, I said here, in the
first remark I made, that I did not believe the
slavery question would come up at all duiing this
session. I came here with the expectation that
we would have a business session, that we would
examine into the business affairs of this Govern-
ment, and that we would analyze the causes of the
increased expenditures of the Government, and
the proper measures of redress and retrenchment.
I did not beheve that the slavery question would
come up; and, but for the unfoitunaie affair of
Ihown at ITaipei's Feiry,l did not bilicve there
would be any feMing on the subject. Northern
members came herewith kindly feelings,n<> man
approving the foray of John Thrown, and every
man willing to say so; every man willing to admit
it as an act of lawless violence. We came here
hoping that, at this time of peace and quiet, we
might examine, inquire into, and pass upon prac-
tical measures of legislation tending to harmonize
the conflicting elements of the Government, and
strengthen the bonds of Union. The interests of
a great and growing people present practical ques-
tions enough to tax the ability and patriotism of
us ail.
Such was our duty; but the moment we arrived
here—before, sir, we had even a formal vote—this
question of slavery was raised by the introduction
of the resolution of the gentleman from Missouri.
It has had the effect of exciting the public mind
with an irritating controversy. It has impaired
the' public credit, and retarded the public business.
The debate founded upon it has been unjust, of-
fensive, wrong, not only to the Republicans here,
not only to those with whom I aet, but to all our
common constituents, North and South. The gen-
tlemen who have advocated that lesolution have
stirred up bad blood,and all because certain gen-
tlemen have recommended that a compilation be
made of a book. Even yet we may letrieve the
loss of \ahmbie Lmc. We could now* go to work,
organize tins House, and administer the powers
of tins House with fairness and impartiality.
In < oiielusion, let me say, that by no act or effort
have j sought the position I now occupy before
the House. The honor was tendered me by the
generous confidence and partiality of those with
whom it has been my pride to act, politically.
Their conduct in this irritating controversy has
justified my attachment.
If I shall ever reach the Speaker's chair, it will
be with untrammeled hands, and with an honest
purpose to discharge every duty in the spirit which
the oath of office enjoins; and to organize the
House with reference to the rights and interests
of every section, the peace and prosperity of the
whole Union, and the efficient discharge of all the
business of the Government. And whenever the
friends, who have so gallantly and liberally sus-
tained me thus far, believe that my name in any
way presents an obstacle to success, it is my sin-
cere wish they should adopt some other. When-
ever any one of my political friends can combine a
greater number of votes than I have been honored
with, or sufficient to elcct him by a majority or
plurality rule, I will not stand in this position one
hour; I will retire from the field, and yield to
any-other gentleman with whom 1 act, the barren
honors of the Speaker's chair; and I promise my
friends a grateful recognition of the unsolicited
honor conferred upon me, and a zealous and car-
nest cooperation. [Applause from the Republican
benches and the galleries.]
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the Clerk to
read my resolution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Whereas, certain members of thn House, now in nom-
ination for Speaker, did indorse'and recommend the book
hereinafter mentioned—
Resolved, That the doctrines and sentiments of a cer-
tain book, called The Impending Crisis of the South—How
to Meet it, purpoiting to be written by one Hinton Rowan
Helper, aic lnsurrectiomuy and hostile to the domestic
peace and tranquillity of the countiy ; and that no member
of this House who has indorsed and recommended it, or the
compcnd from it, is fit to be Spcakci of this House.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I am astonished,
Mr. Clerk, that the gentleman from Ohio to-day
still refuses to answer to the terms of that reso-
lution. Permit me to tell him that the language
he lias used impugning my motives—alleging that
1 never intended to give him an opportunity to
explain—has destroyed the last hope, if there was
any, that I would withdraw my resolution. My
motives arc not thus to be impugned. Sir, that
resolution attacks no man. It only denounces the
incendiary and insurrectionary doctrines of the
Helper book. It asserts that any member who
indorsed that book is unfit to be Speaker of this
House. The resolution denounces the sentiments
and doctrines of that book.
The gentleman complains that himself and his
party have been abused, and that the debate on
my resolution has progressed in an unfriendly and
personal manner. Sir, this side of the House is
not to blame for that. The gentleman speaks of
bad blood being stirred up by the introduction of
this resolution. Mr. Clerk, bad blood was stiired
up by the act of the Republican party before this
Congress assembled. Good blood, from the Old
Dominion; the land of Washington, of Jefferson,
and of Monroe; the blood of a State which stood
for the colonies in the days of the Revolution; the
blood of a State where lived the author of the Dec-
laration of Independence, was shod by the act of
the Republican party before this Congress assem-
bled. And can gentleman stand here and com-
plain that the Sotxth, whose territory had been
invaded, whoso rights have been assailed, whose
safety has been imperiled by the circulation of
documents having the sanction of the name of the
Republican candidate for Speaker, and the names
of many leading men m that party—can gentlemen
complain that, the South denounces that act by a
resolution; and then say that he cannot explain
his position, when he has twice upon this floor
spoken upon the subject, and has failed to absolve
himself from the responsibility of entertaining and
indorsing the sentiments of that book? He has
passed the day of grace. He and his party were
indicted by that resolution before our common
country. The great American people were the
tribunal before whom they were brought. That
indictment was brought; and it is unusual to first
quash an indictment on motion of the defendant,
m order to oivo him a chance to make his defense
to the charges. Let him come up and answer the
charges, deport himself as a man, as he ought to
have done at first. I am astonished he did not do
it, if he entertains opinions which his friends now
say he does. He ought to have done that at the
beginning, and then there would have been no
occasion for the debate of which he complains.
Cut now, sir, after this six weeks' debate, after
the opportunity, as I stated the other day, has
been given him day after day, and week after
week, he rises here and declares that he cannot
consistently with his manhood and self-respect
make this disavowal, and avows that he believes
it was my purpose never to give him that oppor-
tunity. T say now, I never will withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated simply what the
gentleman himself had said upon this floor. The
