2512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. -1 hope the Chair will
be as respectful in listening to me as 1 have been
in my regards for him.
Mr. ADRAIN. I call the gentleman to order.
If he be not in order, I insist that he is showing
disrespect to the Chair and the House if he does
not take his seat when called to order.
The SPEAKER. There is no difficulty be-
tween the Chair and the gentleman from Virginia.
The gentleman is not in order.
Mr. ADRAIN. Then 1 call the gentleman to
order, and object to his going on.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Cannot the Chan-
hear me ?
Mr. ADRAIN. I rise to a question of oider.
I object to the gentleman's remarks, if they are
out of order.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order myself.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
will state the question of order, and the Chair will
hear it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. So far as the con-
duct of the Speaker is concerned, I have nothing
to say about it. I am satisfied with the conduct
of the Chair; but I will say this: that when I de-
sired to state some fact connected with this ques-
tion, the Speaker's manner was not what I ex-
pected, anu though not intended, I thought it was
such as to say the matter was already decided,
and there was no use of further speaking to it.
I was upon the floor, and my purpose was to
state facts connected with the case, and the gen-
tleman from New Jersey was in hot haste to bring
us to a vote upon this question.
MrsA DRAIN. I am certainly a very peaccable
man, and I did not wish to raise any point be-
tween the Speaker and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia; but I understood that the Speaker had de-
cided the question, and therefore the gentleman
from Virginia was out of order; and as he talked
about disrespect, 1 wished him to set an example
to the House, by paying proper respect to the
Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Nothing was further from
the intention of tiie Chair, than to show any want
of respect to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Of course not. We
all know that the Speaker does not intend to bo
offensive to anybody.
Mr. ADRAIN. You knew that before; and the
Speaker is perfectly competent to take wire of his
own conduct.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
will state hts point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. When tasked leave
to oiler this amendment, I rose in my place just
previous to the call for the previous question; and
I said that! wished it undeistood that theie were
certain amendments necessary to perfect this bill
which I thought ought to be adopted. The hon-
orable gentleman from New York readily gave
his assent, and such was the acquiescence of the
House. [" Notat all!"] There was no objection;
and I understood that such was the agreement
of the House; and I say to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that, if he was aware of that agree-
ment, hu does not give me that fair play which a
gentleman ought to give; and therefore he was
ignorant of the fact that no objection was made to
my proposition.
Mr. HICKMAN. If I had been here when
any remark of that kind was made, I should have
objected; and being iiere now, and ignorant of
what has transpired heretofore,! make the objec-
tion at the proper time; and I insist upon it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, The question then
is, can the gentleman, having been absent from
his place at the time, now make objection?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chan
to enforce any ainvngement of that kind; and, m
fact, it is not for the Chair to know anything
about such an arrangement, if it was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to make no unneces-
sary consumption of time; but as this matter has
been broached, I desire to say that I have an
amendment which I wish to offer. I supposed
we would all be allowed to offer amendments,
upon which votes could be taken without any un-
necessary waste of time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
everything not m order.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio
as a substitute, and the Clerk will finish the read-
ing of it.
Mr. COBB. I kftow 1 am out of order; but I
want to make an appeal to the House to allow
me to suggest an amendment, which every mem-
ber of the House will agree ought to be made to
the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to every-
thing. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. Let me suggest it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginiar. No, no
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the Chair call
the gentleman to order: [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. I am sure I waited with patience
to hear the remarks of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, and I hope he will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, no.
Mr. COBB. Oh, do. Then I will hand to the
reporters what I desire to have put into the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that.
Mr. COBB. I propose to amend the bill so as
to make it discretionary either to purchase or rent
a building.
The Clerk then concluded the reading of the
substitute.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will it be in order
to move to recommit the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will it be in order
to move to lay it upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia. Then I submit that
motion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to go for some such
project as that of the gentleman from New York,
but I do not know that I could go for a reduction
of forty per ccnt.
Mr. IIASKIN. I think there is some misun-
derstanding-upon the part of the Chair in reference
to this subject. I certainly understood that the
joint resolution proposed by the majority of the
committee was before the House, together with
that proposed by the minority; and that the prop-
osition made by the gentleman from Ohio was
made as a substitute for the bill; so that if that
proposition was voted down, then, pursuant to
my understanding, the vote would be upon the
resolution proposed by the minority of the com-
mittee as a substitute for that proposed by the
majority; and that being voted down, that then
the vote would be upon the proposition of the
rnnjority of the committee.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I say to the gentle-
man from New York, that his understanding is
not worth the crack of my finger.
Mr. IiASKlN. In reply to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bococic,] who expressed a desire
to vote for some such joint resolution as that pro-
posed by myself, 1 will state, that if the House
should vote m favor of the substitute proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio, I will endeavor to have
a vote upon my proposition to-day or to-morrow,
as a proposition coming from the Printing Com-
mittee, in favor of a reduction of prices forty per
cent., either on the resolution which!have offered,
oi on the bill which passed the Senate reducing
the rates twenty-live per cent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is this debate in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr.FLORENCE. Wasit notagreed,by unan-
imous consent, that a vote should be had upon
my proposition?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No agreements are
binding.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the substitute offered by Mr. Gurley.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was putjanditwas decided in the
affirmative—yeas 120, nays 56, as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adairis, Ald-
ricli, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, iJarr, Barrett,
Bodif, Bingham, Hotelei, Brabson, Branch, Brayton,
Bnggs, Bu^tow, IJutfinton, Buihngame, Burnham, Butter-
tield, Campbell, Carter, Case. John B. Claik, John Coch-
rane, Conviu, Covode, II. Whiter Davis, De J.uneue, Del-
ano, Dinumok, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot,
Etheiklge, Ferry, Floienee, Foster, Frank, French, Gar-
nett, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Gurtey, Hale, Hardeman,
J. Morrison Harns, Ilaskin, Hauon, Helmick, Hickman,
Hill, Hoard, Holm an,William A. Howard, Hughes, Junkin,
Keitt, William Kellog?, Kilgore, Killmger, DeWitt C.
Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Looniis, Lovojoy, Maclay,
Mallory, Marston, Maynard, McKean, McUueen, MiHson,
Montgomery, Laban T. Mooie, Moorhead, Morriil, Edward
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack. Nixon, Por-
ter, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Pugh,Quarlcs, Reynolds, Rice,
Kiggs, Christopher Robinson, Rovce, Schwartz, Sherman,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stevenson, William Stewart, Stoke*,
Stratum,Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train,Vallundigham,
Vance, Vandever, "Verree, Wade, Walton, EUilui B.Wa h-
burne, Webster, Winteley, Windom, Wood, Woodruff,
and Woodson—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Allen, Avery, Babbitt, Barks
dale, Blake, Bocock, Bonliam, Bouligny, Boyce, Bureh,
Burnett, Carey, Horace F. Clark, Clopton, Cobb. Colfax,
Burton Craige, Crawfoid, John G. Davis, Edmundson,
Fainsvvortii, Fenton, Gartrell, Hall, John T. Harris, Hous-
ton, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Lamar, Landrum, Logan,
Love, Mcllae, Sydenham Moore, Noell, Perry, Peyton,
Phelps, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Kutftn, Simms, Sin-
gleton, William Smith, Stallworth, Stanton, James A.
Stewart, Stoat, Theaker, Underwood, Waldron, Wells,
Winslow, and Wright—56.
So the substitute was adopted.
During the call,
Mr. ADRAIN stated that as he was in favor of
the resolution reported' by Mr. Haskin, he must
vote " no."
Mr. BABBITT said that, being in favor of giv-
ing out the public printing to the lowest bidder,
he should vote " no."
Mr. CLOPTON stated that Mr. Currt was
paired off with Mr. Curtis.
Mr. ALLEN stated that Mr. Cox had paired
off, for this week and next, with Mr. Hutciiins.
Mr. DAWES stated that he was paired off
upon tliis and all other questions until to-night.
Mr. HAWKINS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Sedgwick.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, stated that he yester-
day paired off with Mr. McKnight; otherwise,
he would have voted " no.'*
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr. McPher-
son had paired off with Mr. Craig, of Missouri.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Blair, who had just been called home
by the serious illness of a member of his family;
otherwise, he would have voted "ay."
Mr. WRIGHT stated that Mr. Thomas had
paired off with Mr. Grow, both of those gentle-
men being engaged upon a committee of confer-
ence upon the homestead bill.
Mr. TRIMBLE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Pendleton.
Mr. BONHAM stated that Mr. Ashmore was
paired gif, from two o'clock to-day until Monday
morning at eleven o'clock, with Mr. Clark B.
Cochrane.
Mr. COBB said: I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make an amendment to this bill,
so as to make it discretionary either to purchase
or rent a building.
Objection was made.
Mr. COBB. Then I change my vote, and vote
" no."
The result was announced as above recorded.
Mr. PRYOR. I rise to a question of privilege.
A little while agg, in debate, I said that I myself
had received a '(proposition." At the word
" proposition," my attention was directed to some
otner matter, by gentlemen near rne; and, to my
amazement, I am informed that I left the impres-
sion that I had been approached by some influ-
ence of some sort touching this thing.
This is what I was going to say, if I had not
been interrupted—that I myself had been invited
to solicit a portion of these profits, not by the
Administration, but by some friends; and that,
on instituting an inquiry into the matter, I dis-
covered its character, and I indignantly repudiated
it. That is what I intended to say.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman from Virginia
allow me to ask him one question ?
Mr. PRYOR. Yes, sir. ■
Mr. HILL. I ask the gentleman when it was
that he was thus approached ?
Mr. PRYOR. l think it was in the year 1857
Some friends of mine, informed of this branch ot
the public patronage, and thinking me entitled to
a share of legitimate patronage, suggested that I
should apply for it. When I came to inquire
about it, I found at once that it was altogether un-
warrantable, and that, if I were to get it, I should
be paid for doing nothing; and, of course, I
spurned it.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en- .
