1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
gentleman said the other day he never would with-
draw it, and therefore I but repeated what he him-
self had said.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I do not take the
distinction. Here is a resolution presented in the
face of the country. The gentleman from Ohio has
twice, before to-day, spoken m reference to that
resolution, in spite of the menace, if there be any.
I say ho cannot shelter himself behind that false
dignity, and say that he is hampered and cannot
make an explanation with that imputation hang-
ing over him. If he considers that an imputation,
he must bear it; and if he predicates his silence
upon.the imputation, and that silence works a non-
organization of this House until doomsday, so far
as I am concerned, it shall abide on him before
the country. I never will withdraw the resolution.
Mr. LEAKE resumed the floor.
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 ask the gentleman from
Virginia to yield mc the floor for a few moments.
Mr. LEAKE. I am entitled to the floor, and
yield it to the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. RUST. Wjll my colleague yield mo the
floor for a moment ?
Mr. HINDMAN. I will.
Mr. RUST. Mr. Clerk, my colleague has
yielded me the floor for one moment, that I may
call 
Mr. GROW. I object. There is too much
yielding the floor. Without desiring to interfere
with this discussion, let us have some order in
this matter. Here are three or four gentlemen
upon the floor at once, and 
Mr. RUST. The floor is yielded to me, and
not to the gentleman upon that side of the House.
Mr. GROW. Well, I object to the floor being
yielded, if the gentleman will not hear my sug-
gestion.
The CLERK. The Clerk would say that gen-
tlemen upon the Democratic side of the House
have at times objected to the floor being yielded,
and those objections have been entertained.
Mr. GROVV. The gentlemen from Arkansas
would not allow me to make my statement, and
therefore I objected absolutely; and I do object,
unless I can be heard. I have, no objection to this
discussion—none at all. But I want this matter
placed in such a shape, that if gentlemen upon
this side of the House desire the floor, they can
have it a portion of the time, and not be ruled out
as they have been most of the time. [Several
voicesfrom the Republican side, "All the time! "J
If the floor is yielded to three or four gentlemen
upon that side, we cannot get it at all, if we want
it. I ask that we shall have it half of the time,
if we desire it.
Mr. RUST. I only desire to refer to the rec-
ord. Gentlemen upon this side of the House
have been invited, by the gentleman from Ohio,
to examine his record. 1 am one of them; and I
have done it. I charged the gentleman from Ohio
with forgetting what the provisions of the Consti-
tution were, or with willfully violating them. I
referred to his course upon the Army appropria-
tion bill, passed m August, 1856. 1 want now to
prove the truth of what I then said, and I will read
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio to the Army appropriation bill:
"Mi. Sherman. I move to amend by inserting the fol-
lowing:
Provided, nevertheless, That no part of the military
force of the United States herein provided lor shall be em-
ployed in aid of the enforcement of the enactments of the
alleged Legislative Assemhly of the Territory of Kansas,
recently assembled at Shawnee Mission, until Congress
fchali have enacted either that it wa« oi'was not a valid
Legislative Assembly, chosen in conformity with the or-
ganic law by tlie people of the said Territoiy:
[Voices on the Republican side, *' That is right!'']
" And provided, That, until Congrcrs ^hal! have passed on
the validity of the said Legislative Assembly of Kansas it
shall be the duty of the President to use the military foice
in said Territoiy to preserve the peace, suppress indirec-
tion, repel invasion, and protcct persons and property there-
in, and upon the national highways in the State of Missouri,
from unlawful seizures and searches:
[Renewed cries from the Republican side," That
is right!"]
'• And be it further 'provided, That the President lsirqimed
to disaim tfie present organized militia of the Tenitoiv of
Kansas, and recall all the United States arms therein dis-
tributed, and to prevent armed menfiom going into < aid Ter-
ritory to disturb the public peace, or aid in the enforcement
or resistance oi leal or pretended laws."
[Renewed cries, "That is right!"]
I thought the amendment of the Constitution
provided that neither the Congress, northe Pres-
ident, nor the legislative and judicial powers of
the land had the right to disarm the militia. I
thought that was as palpable a violation of the
Constitution as anything could be.
Mr. GROW. That is just what Governor
Geary did, under the direction of the President,
when he went to Kansas.
Mr. RUST. I do not care anything about that.
I do not know whether he did that or not. I
never noticcd much what Governor Geary did.
Mr. GROW. You will find it in his dispatches.
T am only speaking from the record.
Mr. RUST. I call the attention of the House
to that amendment of the Constitution which pro-
vides that the militia shall not be disarmed, and
securing to them the right to bear arms, and then
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
now the candidate of the Republican party for
Speaker.
Mr. HINDMAN. I desire now to call the
attention of the House back to the explanation
of the gentleman from Ohio, in reference to one
of the charges I made against him yesterday,
based upon his congressional record.
The facts on which that charge rests are the
following. My predecessor from the first con-
gressional district of Arkansas, Mr. Greenwood,
offered, at the first session of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of providing by law
for the indictment and punishment of persons for the stealing
of slaves in the Indian country."
Mr. Sherman objected to the introduction of
the resolution. Thereupon, Mr. Greenwood made
this explanation:
"Mr. GuFENWoon. If the gentleman who objected to
tho resolution will allow me, L will state the grounds for
the necessity of it. Tlie reason is, that under the law as
it now exists, and under the decision of tho oouiti, persons
on the borders of the Indian Territory can go into 5-ueh Ter-
ritoiy and steal slaves therefrom, and take them into the
southern States and sell them with impunity.
"Mr rfuvRvuv. Being satisfied with the explanation
of the gentleman, 1 withdraw my objection."
It appears, then, that in the first place, the res-
olution of my predecessor was, on the facc of it,
leveled against negro stealing simply—a crime
perpetrated for the most part by men of northern
birth and residence. The member from Ohio,
stood m his place here, objecting to any action,
under the evident impression that it was aimed at
some of his northern compatriots. Then my pre-
decessor explained that the resolution was not
dirccU-d against abolition negro thieves—the re-
gion of country occupied by the slaveholding In-
dians being too far remote for their depredations—
but that its object was to punish pro-slavery negro
thieves, to punish men who stole negroes, carried
them South, and sold them into slavery. Then
it was that the gentleman from Ohio found the
explanation satisfactory and withdrew iiis objec-
tion. Why was the objection made, in the first
instance } Why was it withdrawn? Do not all
these record facts sustain the charge I have made?
He said here, just now, that as to the other charges
I preferred againsthim based 011 his congressional
record, they amounted to nothing more than the
assertion that he was a Republican; and as to this
latter charge of favoring negro thieving, that it
was of no consequence. Now, I put it to him, I
put it to the country, to say whether or not it is
an unimportant matter that a member of the Fed-
eral Congress, a man recognized as the congress-
ional leader of a political party, great m numbers
if great in nothing else, should consider it a mat-
ter of small moment that his record here practi-
cally commits him in favor of the plunder and
theft of southern slave property?
What is his explanation? He says that when
the resolution, as first introduced, was satisfac-
torily explained, he withdrew Ins objection. Will
the gentleman state why the explanation satisfied
him ? Why did he first object and subsequently
withdraw his objection? What was there in the
explanation made by my predecessor that was
satisfactory to his mind' What was there in that
explanation that induced him to cease his opposi-
tion to the consideration of the resolution ? Can
there he any other implication—can there be any
other inference whatever—than that, 111 his ov/11
heart of hearts^ he looked with favor on the prac-
tices of those northern men who try to sap the
foundations of tfie institution of slavery bv eon-
stantly robbing us of our property? "What other
explanation can there be of that act, than that re-
garding slavery, as he had before said, as not only
an injury to the master, but a crime against the
slave—he considered it also a crime to punish
those men who strike at the foundation of the in-
stitution by robbing our people of their negroes.
If he occupied any other position than that, let him
now make the explanation before the country.
He declines doing so. Then, what is there to
delay the pronouncing of judgment here against
him as guilty of encouraging negro-stealing ?
He says that when I charged him with having
declared that slavery should be excluded by con-
gressional legislation from the Territories of the
Union, and when I said he had declared himself
opposed to the admission of new slave States, I
simply alleged, in effect, that he was a Republi-
can. I ask him now to answer here this question:
Is it the position of the Republican party that
when the people of any of the Territories, claim-
ing and exercising the right to form and regulate
their own domestic institutions in their own way,
shall present a State constitution establishing
slavery in their proposed new State, is it, I ask
the gentleman and I ask his colleagues of the Re-
publican party, theposition of that party, that such
State shall not be admitted into the Union, ajid that
the people of the Territories shall not be permit-
ted to have slavery even if they desire it?
A Republican Member. Wait till the Chicago
convention.
Mr. HINDMAN. Have you no opinions now?
Arc your principles and the rights of tho people
to remain suspended till then ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I refer the gentleman to the
platform of my party on which I stand. The
gentleman knows where to find it. If he finds the
Philadelphia platform, he will find my doctrines.
[A voice. " Let it be read from the Clerk's desk."]
The gentleman should certainly not press these
political questions on me, while he knows that I
stand simply on the platform of the Republican
party.
Mr. COX. Let me say a word here 
Mr. GROW. I object to these interruptions.
Mr. COX. I desire to say 
The CLERK.. The gentleman from Ohio is not
in order.
Mr. LEAKE. I wish one thing understood,
I have been on the floor all this time. [Laughter.]
But for the very reason that my friend from Ar-
kansas can occupy the floor, he lias a right to give
it to my friend from Ohio.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to say to
the gentleman from Virginia and to the gentleman
from Ohio, that on several occasions, while gen-
tlemen have held the floor and yielded it by cour-
tesy to other gentlemen, objection has been made
to any gentleman holding the floor and yielding
it to another. That objection has generally come
from the side of the House to which the gentle-
man from Virginia belongs, and it has been here-
tofore entertained when made. There are other
gentlemen who desire the floor, on the opposite
side of the House; and the Clerk respectfully sug-
gests to the gentleman from Virginia and the gen-
tleman from Ohio, that it is hardly fair that the
rule should be brought to bear in one instance
and should be relaxed in another when a similar
objection is made. The Clerk desires to say to
gentlemen that a great deal of difficulty might be
avoided during this discussion, if gentlemen would
observe the rule and not yield the floor until they
have concluded their remarks.
Mr. HINDMAN. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio that I have no wish improperly to press
upon him inquiries which he declines to answer,
and that I am not disposed to take any undue
advantage of the peculiar position he occupies as
a candidate. But the existing circumstances do
admit of my properly asking lum, in his capacity
as a member of Congress from the great State of
Ohio, what attitude he holds upon the subject of
the rights of the people of the Territories to form
and regulate their own domestic institutions in
their own way, subject only to the Constitution
of tjie United States'? [Laughter.] I will make
my inquiry more specific than that phraseology
has done it, having been somewhat mystified by
latter-day disquisitions,
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. HljNfDAtAN. The gentleman from In-
