THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
. THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 2, I860.
New Series No. 15$.'
grossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GURLEY called the previous question on
the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PEYTON called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays wore not ordered.
The question was taken; and the joint resolu-
tion was passed.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the motion
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. NOELL. I rise to a question of privilege.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege also. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
desire to have the. Post Office appropriation bill
passed. I move that all debate on House bill No.
' 563, making: appropriation for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year ending 30th
June, 1861, shall close in one hour after the com-
mittee shall have resumed its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
MARY J. HARRIS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ark the consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table House
bill No. 656, to grant a pension to Mary J. Har-
ris, widow of Colonel Thomas L. Harris, de-
ceased, with the Senate amendment thereto. I can
state the facts in a moment. The bill grants a
pension to Mrs. Harris, widow of Major Harris,
a member of a former House of Representatives.
The Senate amended it by striking out the word
" Colonel," and inserting in lieu of it the words
" major of infantry." I ask that the bill be taken
up, and that the House concur in the amendment
of the Senate.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
and the amendment of the Senate concurred in.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. NOELL. I now call up my motion to re-
Consider the vote by which a bill (S. No. 104)
for the final ad justment ot~ private land claims in
the States of Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Missouri, and for other purposes, was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. How docs that bill get
in?
Mr. NOELL. I call up the motion to recon-
sider which I made on the 23d of April. I gave
notice two weeks ago that I would call it up when-
ever I could get the opportunity.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I insist on my motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. NOELL. An objection to a motion to re-
consider cannot put that motion back. I under-
stand it as a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
objection to be to the gentleman from Ohio yield-
ing the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only yielded it for in-
formation.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to make a correction in regard to
my bemg paired? I was paired from Saturday till
Monday with Mr. Rice, who was kind enough to
pair with me as I was leaving the city. Mr. Rice,
supposing that my pair for Tuesday was not pro-
vided for, paired me with Mr. Delano, while the
fact was that I was paired with Mr. Stout. I
want this explanation to go out, because it looks
as if I had been paired with two gentlemen.
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
. Mr. DAWES. I give notice to the House that
158
on Tuesday next the Committee of Elections
will call up the contested-election case of Blair
and Barret for consideration. The reports are
printed, and I hope that members will acquaint
themselves with the facts of the case.
OREGON WAR DEBT.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the House to take
from the Speaker's table the Senate bill for the
paymentofthe Washington and Oregon wardebt,
that it may be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. BRABSON. I ask the indulgence of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to yield me
the floor to introduce a bill for reference to acom-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there be no objection, I
will yield for that purpose.
Mr. BRABSON thereupon introduced a bill
granting pensions to the soldiers of the war of
1812; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. NOELL. I object.
Mr. BRABSON. The objection comes too
late.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions; and I also move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now insist on my mo-
tion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the Post Office appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. SPlERMAN, the first read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, obtained the
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice that,
at the conclusion of the speech of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, I shall endeavor to get a
vote on the amendments and on the bill to-night.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to give notice that the
Post Office Committee will present various im-
portant amendments to this bill; and I hope,
therefore, that gentlemen will remain.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, on the third day of the present session a
gentleman from Mississippi, distinguished for his
perspicuity of statement, but in a spirit more de-
fiant than to my untutored sense seemed to be
called for by the occasion, used the following lan-
guage :
One gentleman said we had brought the negro in here,
and that lie must be put out. Let us see you do it.
" Sir, there are twenty menibeis iron) tile South standing
upon the floor by virtue of the ncgio, not as property, but
as ' persoimiot free.' Put them out. will you? Sir, your
f.itl.cis and my fathers did not put tin; negro out. They put
him, as iiu institution of property, and of society, and of
government, in tile Constitution which you gentlemen
swore to support."
Of course, this putting in of the negro is a mere
figure of speech. If lie were veritably here in
propria persona. I presume nobody would be more
indignant than the gentleman himself. No. It
is the master who stands here " by virtue of the
negro." And it is in this sense that the gentle-
man's remark is forcible; for in this sense it is
true. We cannot put the negro out. This re-
mark serves as a complete stopper to all the crim-
ination and recrimination so freely indulged m
between parties on the solemn point—which of the
two first brought the negro ill. Let them rest
quiet hereafter on this topic. The negro was in
before they began to talk about htm at all. He
will stay in, whether they choose to talk about
him or not. He will grow in more and more,
even while they are sleeping. To deprecate the
misfortunate is as idle as to complain of the force
of the waters of Niagara. The subject is before
us, and it is our duty to face the consideration of
its proportions like statesmen, and not to imagine
that, if we only shut our eyes to it, it is not there;
still less to suppose that either lamentation or
anger, agitation or silence, will in any respect
materially change the nature of the great problem
which North America is inevitably doomed to
solve. From the decree of Divine Providence
there is no appeal.
In one important particular, however, the gen-
tleman from Mississippi has fallen considerably
below the fact. He says that twenty members
stand upon this floor " by virtue of the negro."
If this were so, I should be glad to see and to
identify them—to set them apart, and to define
the precise limit of the political power which the
Constitution has thus created. Even twenty mem-
bers.would constitute no insignificant element in
the struggles which will always be carried on for
the attainment of power in every free Govern-
ment. But the negro is dwarfed when he is meas-
ured only by the scale of twenty members. The
real fact is, that " by virtue of the negro" ninety
members stand upon this floor, each one of
whom derives a sufficient proportion of his po-
litical vigor from that source to fasten him firmly
as the pole to the maintenance of a policy which
will keep that negro before our eyes, whether we
determine to look upon him or not.
Neither does the proposition of the gentleman
stop at this point. The negro does not remain
stationary. He multiplies all day and every day.
The sun never rises without finding him increased
by hundreds. And the earth never completes its
annual circle without adding enough almost to
place another member on this floor. Time does
nothing to diminish the magnitude of this exper-
iment. On the contrary, it makes it only more
and more colossal. One gentleman, at this ses-
sion, in venturing to stretch his range of vision
only a quarter of a century, thought he saw eight
millions; whilst another, m a bolder spirit, doub-
ling the period, imagined the presence of sixteen
millions. Yet what are fifty years in the record
of the existence of great nations? I think I have
seen, in the printed remarks of a distinguished
member of the other House, a calm anticipation
of the time when his section of country might
contain a population of two hundred millions of
negro slaves! How many members, X ask, will
then stand upon this floor, " by virtue of the ne-
gro ?" The imagination recoils from the idea of
a Government, professing to be founded on human
freedom, and yet containing within itself all the
ramifications of a power capable of being as ab-'
solute as any oriental despotism. And yet it
would be difficult to point out the error in this
prognostication, always supposing the current of
human life to run in its ordinary and established
channels. " Put the negro out, will you ?" asks
the gentleman from Mississippi. For my part, I
know not what other answer to give than his own
words, " Let us see you do it."
But the gentleman says that " his fathers and
my fathers put him in the Constitution, which we
are sworn to support." So they did, in one sense,
I am ready to admit. Let me consider for a mo-
ment the way they did it. Was it not by creat-
ing, through him, in the legislative department of
the Government, a steady and permanent political
power, exceeding at this moment one third of the
gross number of its lower branch ? 1 say nothing
here of the other features of the system. But I
only ask, if it had so happened that any of the
other well-known interests of property, such as
the agricultural, or the manufacturing, or the com-
mercial, or the banking interest, had secured any-
thing bordering upon a similar influence in the
public councils, would it not naturally have awak-
ened some attention, and excited some uneasiness?
How can we measure the power of three or four,
of twenty, or of two hundred millions of human
beings held in slavery, " by virtue of whom, not
as property, but as persons not free," to use the
gentleman's phrase, one section already -controls
