128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Free Homes for Free Men—Mr. Grow.
Ho. of Reps.
most abject and debased people*, vast-*nanors
hemmed in hy hedges as a sporting ground for the
-nobility, whue men are dying beside theinclosure
for the want of land to till. Under its blighting
influence you behold industry in rags, and patience
in despair. Such are' some of the fruits of land
monopoly in the Old World; andjshall we permit
its seeds to vegetate in the virgin soil of the New ?
Our present system is subjcct tolike.evils, not so
great in magnitude perhaps, but similar in kind.
Of the three hundred and eighty-eight million
eight hundred and fifty-eight thousand three hun-
dred and twenty-five acres of land disposed of by
the Government to September 30, 1859, one hun-
dred and forty-seven million eighty-eight thou-
sand two hundred and seventy-three acres were
sold for cash, and two hundred and forty-one mil-
lion seven hundred and seventy thousand and fifty-
two acres were donated in grants to individuals,
corporations, and States.
The Government had received froq} the sales
of the public lands, as appears from the report of,
the Commissioner of the Land OfKce, to Juno 30,
1853, one hundred and forty-two million two
hundred and eighty-three thousand four hundred
and seventy-eight dollars, to which add thirty-
eight million three hundred and thiHy-six thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars and ninety
cents, received since that time, would make, the
gross amount received from the lands to Septem-
ber 30, 1859, one hundred and righty million six
hundred and nineteen thousand six hundred and
thirty-eight dollars and ninety cents; whilq the !
entire cost, including purchase money, extinguish- \
ing of Indian title, surveying, and managing, has '
been, for the same period, ninety-one million nine
hundred and ninety-four thousand and thirteen
dollars, leaving a net revenue to the Government,
over and above ail cost, of eighty-eight million
six hundred and twenty-five thousand six hundred
and twenty-five dollars and ninety cents; with one
hundred and thirty-six million nine hundred and
seventy thousand nine hundred and forty-one
acres surveyed but unsold, of which eighty mil-
lion acres are sul^ct to private entry.
Of the one hundred and forty-seven million
eighty-eight thousand two hundred and seventy-
three acres sold by the Government, not more than
one half of it, probably, was bought at Govern-
ment rates by the actual cultivator; the other half,
I assume, cost the cultivator, on an average, at
least four dollars per acre over the Government
price. So he woulu pay, on seventy-three million
five hundred and forty-four thousand one hundred
and thirty-six acres, being one half the quantity
sold by the Government, two hundred anu ninety
four million one hundred and seventy-six thou-
sand five hundred and forty-four dollars. On the
two hundred and forty-one million seven hundred
and seventy thousand and fifty-two acres donated
to individuals, companies, and States, including
over, seventy million acres for school purposes,
and over fifty million acrcs for railroads and in-
ternal improvements, I assume that the cultivator
must pay on An average for these lands at least five
dollars per acre, making the sum of twelve hun-
dred and eight million eighthundred and fifty thou-
sand two hundred and sixty dollars. The actual
cultivator, then, will have to pay to the Govern-
ment and to the speculator for these lands, if the
foregoing estimate of prices be correct, at least
sixteen hundred and eighty-three million six hun-
dred and forty-six thousand four hundred and
foity-two dollars and ninety cents, of which eighty-
eight million six hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand six hundred and twenty-five dollars and
ninety cents has been paid, in net revenue, into
the Treasury of the United States; the balance
to be absorbed by the speculator.
The Government, by its existing land policy,
has thus caused to be abstracted from the earnings
of its hardy pioneers almost seventeen hundred
million dollars for the mere privilege of enjoying
one of God's bounties to man. This large amount
has been abstracte d from the sons of toil without
rendering any equivalent, save a permit from the
State to occupy a wilderness, to which not a day
or hour of man's labor had been applied to change
it from the condition in which the God of nature
made it. Why should Governments seize upon
any of the bounties of God to man, and make them
a source of revenue ? While the earth was created
for the whole human family, and was made its
abiding place through the pilgrimage of this life,
and since the hour of the primal curse, u In the
sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread," man has
been forced to the cultivation of the soil to obtain
subsistence for himself and the means of pro-
moting the welfare of the race, why should Gov-
ernments wrest from him the right to apply his
labor to such unoccupied portion of the earth 's sur-
face as may be necessary for his support until
he has contributed to the revenues of the State,
any more -than to permit him to breathe the air,
enjoy the sunlight, or quaff from the rills and rivers
of the earth ? It would be just as rightful, were
it possible to be done, to survey the atmosphere
oft into quarter sections, and transfer it by parch-
ment titles; divide the sun into quantum of rays,
and dole it out to groping mortals at a price; or
arch over the waters of the earth into vast reser-
voirs, and sell it to dying men. In the language
of remarks heretofore made on this subject,
why has this claim of man to monopolize any of
the gifts of God to man boon confined, by legal
codes, to the soil alone ? Is there any other rea-
son than that it is a right which, having its origin
in feudal times—under a system that regarded man
but as an appendage of the soil that lie tilled, and
whose life, liberty, and happiness were but means
of increasing the pleasures, pampering the pas-
sions and appetites of his liege lord—and, having
once found a place in the books, it has been re-
tained by the reverence which man is wont to pay
to the past and to tune-honored precedents? The
human mind is so constituted that it is prone to re-
gard as right what has come down to us approved
by long usage, and hallowed by gray age. It is
a claim that had its origin with the Kindred idea
that royal blood flows only in the veins of an ex-
clusive few, whose souls are more ethereal, because
born amid the glitter of couits, and cradled amid
the pomp of lords and courtiers; and, therefore,
they are to be installed as rulers and lawgivers of
the race. Most of the evils that afflict society have
had their origin in violence and wrong enacted into
law by the experience of the past, and retained by
the prejudices of the present.
Is it not time you swept from your statute-book
its still lingering relics of feudalism? blotted out
the principles ingrafted upon it by the narrow-
minued policy of other times, and adapted the
legislation of the country to the spirit of the age,
and to the true ideas of man's rights and relations
to his Government >
For if a man has aright on earth, he has a right
to land enough to rear a habitation on. If he has
a right to live, he has a right to the free use of
whatever nature has provided for his sustenance
—air to breathe, water to drink, and land enough
to cultivate for his subsistence; for these are the
necessary and indispensable means for the enjoy-
ment of his inalienable rights of "life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness." And is it for a
Government that claims to dispense equal and ex-
act justice to all classes of men, and that has laid
down correct principles in its-great chart of hu-
man rights, to violate thJbc principles, and its
solemn declarations m its legislative enactments?
The struggle between capital and labor is an un-
equal one at best. It is a struggle between the
bones and sinews of men and dollars and cents.
And in that struggle, is it for the Government to
stretch forth its arm to aid the strong against the
weak? Shall it continue, by its legislation, to ele-
vate and enrich idleness on the wail and the woe
of industry?
For if the rule be correct as applied to Govern-
ments as well as individuals, that whatever a per-
son permits another to do, having the right and
means to prevent it, he does himself, then indeed
is the Government responsible for all the evils that
may result from speculation and land monopoly
in your public domain. For it is not denied that
Congress has the power to make any regulations
for the disposal of these lands, not injurious to the
general welfare. Now, when a new tract is sur-
veyed, and you open your land office and expose
it to sale, the man with the most money is the
largest purchaser. The most desirable and avail-
able locations arc seized upon by the capitalists of
the country, who seek that kind of investment.
Your settler who chances not to have a preemption
right, or to be there at the time of sale, when he
comes to seek a home for himself and his family,
I; must pay the speculator three or four hundred
per cent, on his investment, or encounter the trials
and hardships of a still more remote border life*
And thus, under the operatioft of laws that you
call equal and just, you take from the settler three
or four dollars per acre, and put it in the pocket of
the speculator—thus, by the operation of your
law, abstracting so much of his hard earnings for
the benefit of capital; for not an hour's labor has
been applied to the land since it was sold by the
Government, nor is it more valuable to the settler.
Has not the laborer a right to complain of legisla-
tion that compels him to endure greater toils and
hardships, or contribute a portion of his earnings
for the benefit of the capitalist? But not upon the
capitalist or the speculator is it proper that the
blame should fall. Man must seek a livelihood,
and do business .under the laws of the country;
and whatever rights he may acquire under the laws,
though they may be wrong, yet the well-being of
society requires that they be respected and faith-
fully observed. If a person engagein a business
legalized and>regulated by the laws, and uses no
fraud or deception in its pursuit, and evils result
to the community, let them apply the remedy to
the proper source; that is, to the law-making
power. The laws'and the law-makers are re-
sponsible for whatever evils necessarily grow out
of their enactments.
What justicc can there be in the legislation o
a country by which the earnings of its labor are
abstracted for any purpose without returning an
equivalent?
In order to secure to labor its earnings, so far as
is possible, by legislative action, and to strengthen
the elements of national greatness and power, why
should not the legislation of the country be so
changed as to prevent for the future the evils of
land monopoly, by setting apart the vast and un-
occupied territories of the Union, and consecrat-
ing them forever in free homes for free men?
"Mr. MAYNARD. May I be allowed to ask
my friend from Pennsylvania a question ?
Mr. GROW. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is this: whether he is in
favor, or otherwise, of allowing the old soldier or
his assignee to locate his land warrant on the pub-
lic domain 
Mr. GROW. I always answer questions that
aie pertinent to the point under discussion, not
otherwise. I am not arguing any question about
land warrants, but about the proper disposition
to be made of the public lands. I do not see the
applicability of the gentleman's question; and
must therefore pass it by, as I do not wish to be
diverted from my argument.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is mistaken
about the object of my question.
Mr. GRdW. I would provide in our land
policy for securing homesteads to actual settlers;
and whatever bounties the Government should
grant to the old soldiers, I would have made in
money and not in land warrants, which are
bought in most cases by the speculator as an
easier and cheaper mode of acquiring the public
lands. So they only facilitate land monopoly.
The men who go forth at the call of their country
to uphold its standard and vindicate its honor,
are deserving, it is true, of a more substantial
reward than tears to the dead and thanks to the
living; but there are soldiers of peace as well as of
war, and though no waving plume beckons them
on to glory or to death, their dying scene is oft a
crimson one. They fall leading the van of civ-
ilization along untrodden paths, and arc buried
in the dust of its advancing columns. No monu-
ment marks the scene of deadly strife; no stone
their resting place; the winds sighing through the
branches of the forest alone sing their requiem.
Yet they are the meritorious men of the Republic—
the men who give it strength in war and glory in
peace. The achievements of vour pioneer army,
from the day they first drove back the Indian tribes
from the Atlantic sea-board to the present hour,
have been the achievements of science and civili-
zation over the elements, the wilderness, and the
savage.
If rewards or bounties are to be granted for true
heroism in the progress of the race, none is more
deserving than the pioneer who expels the savage
and the wild beast, and opens in the wilderness a
home for science and pathway for civilization.
" Peace hath her victories
No less renovvaed than war."
