550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
diana must see that I am just now engaged in ask-
ing the gentleman from Ohio a question.
Mr. BLAKE. The gentleman is asking a ques-
tion , but there is nobody on the witness stand.
Mr. HINDMAN. ri here may be nobody on
the witness stand, but I think there may be one
here on the mourner's bench.
iMr. COLFAX. The question I desired to pro-
pound Was, whether there has any construction
been placed upon those words upon which Dem-
ocrats all agree ? .
Mr. HINDMAN". The gentleman will excuse
me. I will take pleasure in answering his ques-
tion in detail on any other occasion during this
session. I have nothing to conceal and there is
no responsibility I will avoid.
I address my inquiry, then, to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and desire to know
what attitude he and his colleagues hold relative
to certain resolutions passed by the General As-
sembly of his State, on the 17th of April, 1857,
instructing the Senators and requesting the Rep-
resentatives, under all circumstances, to oppose
the admission of any new slaveholding State? In
order to ascertain what is the gentleman's posi-
tion on that subject, I ask him if ho intends to
abide by and to carry out those resolutions of in-
struction, in case the people of any of the Terri-
tories shall present a State constitution, republi-
can in form, establishing slavery ? I call upon the
gentleman to respond to that inquiry. [A voice
from the Republican side, "Do not answer!"]
The gentleman declines to answer, and one of his
friends objects; his friends will not remove the
muzzle from his mouth.
Mr. GROW. The resolution of the gentleman
from Missouri is the muzzle.
Mr. HINDMAN. If that is the muzzle, he
may at any time remove it by disavowing Hel-
pertsm: Let me ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania if he would obey resolutions emanating
from his State Legislature, requiring at his hands
a deliberate and willful violation of the Constitu-
tion ?
Mr. BLAKE. I wish to say, if the gentleman
will hear me, that no such resolution was passed
by the Ohio Legislature. I was a member of the
Legislature at the time, and had the honor of
drawing those resolutions.
Mr. COX. I say that there were such resolu-
tions.
Mr. BLAKE. You are mistaken in regard to
the character of the resolutions.
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Arkansas simply that he mistakes
the resolutions of the Democratic State convention
for the resolutions of the Legislature.
Mr. HINDMAN. I believe the gentleman is
one of the Representatives from the State of Ohio.
What is your position upon the subject, of the
admission of now slaveholding States into this
Confederacy? Will you vote for it'
Mr. EDGERTON. The gentleman asks me a
question. I will say to him thai, when the proper
lime comes, I will answer his question.
Mr. HINDMAN. Very well; if you do not
•hoosc to answer it now, that is enough.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 will say further, that the
Representatives from the State of Ohio do not
admit the right of the Representatives from the
•State of Arkansas to put. them upon the witness
stand.
Mr. HINDMAN. Then I will resume what
I was swing before 1 was interrupted. I alleged
that the Legislature, of the. State of Ohio instructed
her Senators and requested her Representatives
t.) oppose (he admission of any new slaveholding
State into the Union under any circumstances.
Gentlemen of the Republican party state to nie
that that information is incorrect; that no such
resolutions were ever passed. My informants
reiterate the statement.
Mr. BLAKE. I think the gentleman's inform-
ants must be mistaken. I have no recollection
>;' any such resolutions.
Mr. HINDMAN. I am not in possession of
it,c resolutions; but they have been sent for, and
£ I hope we shall be able to produce them.
Mr. BLAKE. Listen to me for one moment,
admit that the Legislature of Ohio passed reso-
Miions instructing her Senators and requesting
her Representatives to apply the principles of the
ordnance of 1787 to all territory that might be
acquired.
Mr. EDGERTON. A Democratic Legislature.
Mr. BLAKE. X will admit further, that the
Democrats and Whigs who then occupied seats
in that Legislature voted for that resolution nearly
unanimously.
Mr. HINDMAN. Any such admission comcs
in the shape of a charge against them from you.
You may make any admission you choose for the
Whigs. The Democrats ask you to make none
for them.
A Member. There was no such thing as a
Republican party at that time.
Mr. BLAKE. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I thought he was referring to 1847.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will find the reso-
lutions of the Republican Legislature " joint res-
olutions in relation to slavery and the extension
thereof," published in the General Laws of Ohio,
page 298.
Mr. EDGERTON. What date ?
Mr. COX. The 17th day of April, 1857—a Re-
publican Legislature. The third resolution reads
thus:
"Revived, That our Senators and Representatives in
Congress are hereby requested to vote against the admission
of any State into the Union unless slavery oi involuntary
servitude, except for crime, be excluded by the constitu-
tion thereof."
[Great laughter and applause on the floor and
in the galleries.]
Mr. BLAKE. One word. I thought the gen-
tleman referred to 1847. That was the reason of
my making the remark.
Mr. HINDMAN. Of course I will take no ad-
vantage of the gentleman's mistake.
Mr. CAREY. 1 am from Ohio, and I am th^
oldest man in Congress from that State. I have
no delicacy or hesitation in saying to the House
and to the "world that I adopt fully that resolution.
Mr. HINDMAN. I thank you, sir, for that
confession; and now I ask the other members of
the Ohio delegation to evince equal nerve and man-
liness, and say what position they occupy. I ap-
peal to the candidate of the Republican party to
follow this example, nnd to say whether he, in
like manner with his colleague, will obey the in-
structions of the Legislature of Ohio3 What po-
sition does he occupy on that subject?
Mr. EDGERTON" sought the iloor.
Mr. HINDMAN. Wait for one moment, until
this gentleman answers.
Mr, SHERMAN, (m Ins seat.) T decline to
answer.
Mr. EDGERTON. While I do not admit the
right. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Wait one moment. I sim-
ply desire, to make a note of the fact, that the
Republican candidate for Speaker refuses, posi-
tively, to respond to the inquiry I addressed to
him.
Mr. EDGERTON. While I do not admit the
right of Arkansas to interrogate the great Stat<-
of Oluo, yet I have no hesitation m giving my
opinion. 1 will read my opinion. It is already
in Inngua^''.
Mr. HINDMAN. I intend to act justly by
the gentleman. 1 intend to act fairly by him. He
must act fairly with me. 1 ask him to give his
own opinion, and not to interpolate along docu-
ment into my remarks. [Cries from the Repub-
Mr. EDGERTON. My opinion is expressed
liean benches, "Rend!'']
k
here
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 ask you for your opinion.
What do you intend to do ? Will you obey the
request of your State Legislature ? Answer yes
or no, if you arc disposed to give an answer. To
do that 1 will yield; but otherwise I will not.
Mr. EDGERTON. If 1 answer at all, 1 will
say to the gentleman from Arkansas, I must an-
swer in my own way and in my own language,
and not under the gentleman's dictation.
Mr. HINDMAN. If the gentleman declines
to answer, he cannot have the floor.
Mr. T HEARER. I for one, sir, say that I
object to being interrogated, and then have an at-
tempt made to put words in my mouth as to how
I shall make my answer. I am one of the Rep-
resentatives of Ohio upon this floor, and at the
proper time, and in a proper manner, I will tell
the gentleman and the House all of the opinions
I entertain on this vexed question of slavery; but
I want that side of the House to understand that
I am not to be interrogated, and then have words
put into my mouth as to how Htm to answer.
Mr. McKEAN.- I move that the delegation
upon this floor from the great State of Ohio be
committed for contempt for not answering all the
questions the gentleman from Arkansas can ask
them. [Great laughter and applause upon the floor
and in the galleries.] It ought not to be toler-
ated that they should dare do such a thing.
Mr. HINDMAN. I second t&e motion that
they be committed, not for contempt of myself,
but for a contempt of the country and of the Con-
stitution they arc bound to support. [Great ap-
plause on Democratic benches and in the galleries,
with hisses on Republican side.] And, sir, I call
upon their Black Republican compeers to sustain
the motion.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 desire to draw the gentle-
man's attention to the fact, and I want the country
to understand it, that when you have put forward
Democratic candidates for Speaker, the gentlemen
from Virginia, [Messrs. Bocouk and Millson,"]
gentlemen on this side, in their speeches, asked
them questions, and these candidates remained
dumb, and opened not their mouths. We con-
ceded the right to them to sit here and to main-
tain silence. [Applause.]
Mr. HINDMAN took the floor.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
The CLERK. Gentlemen will suspend until
order is restored m the Hall.
There was much confusion in the Hall; members
had crowded into the eirea and the main aisle, and
just previously, members upon the Democratic
benches, and the galleries, had broken out into
cheers of applause on Mr. Hindman's seconding
Mr. MoKean's motion. When members had re-
turned to their seats and order was restored,
The CLERK said: The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will state his point of order.
Mr. GROW. I call the attention of the Clerk
to the resolution passed by this House, that order
and. decorum should be preserved in the House
and in the galleries. I have a right to call atten-
tion to it at all times. That resolution provides
that the Clerk shall not only preserve the parlia-
mentary order and decorum in this House, but
m the galleries. I join the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mii.i.son,] in asking that the House
observe proper order and decorum, at all times,
while we are in our present disorganized condition.
I ask that it be made the duty of the Clerk to en-
force that order and decorum, not only upon this
floor, but in the galleries.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to the gentlemen that on the day before yester-
day lie made an appeal to members to maintain
the order and decorum of the House, and he is
sorry that appeal has been so soon forgotten. So
lorn? as the decorum of the House is preserved upon
the floor, we have little difficulty in maintaining
order and decorum m the galleries. So long as or-
der and decorum arc preserved upon the floor,the
officers of the House, with all their power, will
insist that order and decorum must be preserved
in the galleries. The Clerk docs not feel author-
ized to call upon the officers of the House to clear
the galleries, or that order shall be maintained
there, while gentlemen upon the floor manifest
disregard for the decorum and order of the House.
[Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. GARNETT. Does the Clerk consider that
the galleries have the same rights in this Hall that
members upon the floor have ?
The CLERK. The Cleik docs not consider
that the galleries have the same rights as mem-
bers upon the floor have, but the Clerk feels that
he cannot enforce order in the galleries unless he
is seconded by the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives upon the floor.
Mr. HINDMAN. I cordially concur with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania who has raised the
point of order, as to the propriety and the neces-
sity of enforcing order in this House. Nothing
can be more right, nothing more obligatory upon
us all, as members of the American Congress. I
am glad to hear the gentleman indicate the dispo-
sition he has by raising his point of order; but it
occurs to me, at the same time, that it would have
come with more grace from him if made while
his candidate for Speaker was addressing the
House, and was so uproariously applauded by
Republicans upon the floor and in the galleries.
It would have been in still better taste if he had
raised the point of order just now, when Repub-
licans honored me in. the only way possible for
