1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
SIRS. ANN P. DERRICK.
The bill (S. No. 185) for the relief of Mrs. Ann
P. Derrick, widow of W. S. Derrick, deceased,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. Its object is to direct
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
account with and allow to the widow and children
of W. S. Derrick, late chief clerk in the Depart-
mentof State,forthe time he performed the duties
of acting Secretary of the Department of State,
by appointment of the President of the United
States, the same compensation as was then al-
lowed by law to the head of that Department, de-
ducting therefroBS the compensation received by
him as chief clerk of the Department during the
same time.
The bill was reported Jo the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand this bill, so far
as it relates to Mr. Derrick, repeals the law of
1842. Is that so ?
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know. I think these
services were rendered before that.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask whether they were ren-
dered prior to the law of 1842, just read by the
Senator from Georgia, or since?
Mr. IVERSON. It was prior to 1842. The
present chief clerk has been in the Department
since before that time. These were services ren-
dered prior to the passage of the law of 1842.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
JAMES MACCABOY.
The bill (S. No. 51) for the relief of James
Maccaboy was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment of $500 to
James Maecaboy, for losses and injuries suffered
by him while engaged in the performance of his
duty in the public service.
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case ?
Mr. SIMMONS. This bill was passed at the
last session, and is on the same principle as two
or three other bills which have been passed this
morning.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I will not object.
The bill was reported to the Senato, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MILLS JUDSON.
The bill (S. No. 18G) for the relief of Mills Jud-
son, surety on the official bond of the late Purser
Andrew D. Crosby, was read a second time,and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to readjust the accounts of the
late Purser Andrew D. Crosby, and to allow
credits therein for sundry suspended or rejected
items to the aggregate amount of $1,196 87; which
sum, together with interest thereon, at the rate of
six per cent, per annum, from the 95th of June,
1855, to the date of payment, is to be reimbursed
to Mills Judson, being so much of the amount paid
by him upon a judgment obtained against him
as one of the sureties on the official bond of Purser
Crosby.
Mr BINGHAM. Read the report.
Mr. IVERSON. I think it is hardly necessary
to read the report. I will state, in a few words,
the character of the case. This man was surety
of Mr. Crosby, while he was purser in the Navy.
Crosby fell from the mast, and died on board the
vessel, and in settling his accounts at the Treas-
ury Department they fell deficient. An action
was brought on his bond against this surety, Jud-
son, and judgment rendered against him for the
amount of deficiency, which lie has paid with in-
terest; but since the death of Mr. Crosby some
original vouchers have been discovered*, which
were not brought into the case when the account
was settled; and this is to allow the Secretary to pay
him back the amount shown by these vouchers.
Mr. BINGHAM. Where are the vouchers?
Mr. IVERSON. They are among the papers.
The committee had them under investigation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not insist on the call
for the reading of the report.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
CURTIS GRUBB.
The bill (S. No. 187) for the relief of Henry
G. Carson, administrator of Curtis Grubb, de-
ceased, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
the payment to the legal representatives of Curtis
Grubb, deceased, surviving partner of the firm of
Curtis and Peter Grubb, the amount of a certain
final-settlement certificate, numbered 265, letter
" N,"dated January 5,1784, issued by Benjamin
Stelle, commissioner for settling debts of the Uni-
ted States in the State of Pennsylvania, to Curtis
and Peter Grubb, on account of cannons, shot,
and shells furnished during the revolutionary war,
now "certified by the Register of the Treasury to
be still outstanding and unpaid, which certificate
amounts to the sum of §4,180 56, and upon which
interest will accrue from December 16,1844, the
time of making the first application to Congress
for relief, until the time of payment.
Mr. HALE. I should like to know something
about this case.
Mr. CAMERON. This is one of those claims
that ought to have been paid long ago. Mr. Peter
Grubb was the owner of one of the only two fur-
naces in Pennsylvania, at the time of the Revo-
lution, and the only place where cannon could be
cast at that time. He fulfilled the demands of the
Government during the war. He took whatever
he could get." He took sometimes -continental
money; sometimes something a little better; and
I recollect, on looking over the account, in the
State of Pennsylvania, I found that he once took in
payment a number of Hessian prisoners. [Laugh-
ter.] The Government would send him some
prisoners, and charge him six pounds apiece,
Pennsylvania currency, for the prisoners; and I
remember reading amongst the papers that the old
gentleman sent back six of those Hessians, and
said they were unfit for duty. He paid six pounds
apiece for them, and never got a cent in return.
He was a man of great patriotism and large wealth;
and ho, or his son, never made any demand to
have the amount settled; but in the course of time
the family became reduced in circumstances, and
looking over the accounts, they found this sum
due. Everybody in Pennsylvania who remem-
bers old Peter Grubb and knows his descendants
is satisfied that the claim ought to have been paid
a long time ago. I think there ought to be an
amendment, to pay him back the amount he paid
for the six Hessians who were returned. [Laugh-
ter.] But I will not insist on that.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
COLONEL WILLIAM THOMPSON.
The bill (S. No. 188) for the relief of the sur-
viving grandchildren of Colonel William Thomp-
son, of the revolutionary army of South Carolina,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
and adjust the account of William Thompson, late
a colonel of the third regiment of South Carolina
continental troops in the revolutionary war, and
pay to his surviving grandchildren, William E.
Haskell, Charles T. Haskell, Charlotte Rhett,
widow of James S. Rhett, Mary E. Darby, widow
of A. B. Darby, Caroline Lewis, widow of Dr.
John B. Lewis, and Charlotte A. Goodwyn, wife
of Robert H. Goodwyn, the sum of $5,625, being
his five years' full pay as a colonel of cavalry,
according to the resolve of Congress of March 22,
1783. Italso proposes to direct the Commissioner
of Pensions to issue, in the names of the grand-
children of Colonel William Thompson, a war-
rant for such an amount of bounty land as was
provided for a colonel under the resolve of Con-
gress of September 16, 177G.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will inquire, from the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, if this bill is based
on the principle of the general bill allowing com-
mutation of revolutionary half pay, which the
Senate refused to pass upon full discussion?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not hear the bill
read. My attention was not directed to it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The question is, whether
this is one of those claims for commutation of half
pay which were included in the general bill that
the Senate refused to pass?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let the bill be read
again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is a claim founded
on the resolutions of Congress, and as such would
have been embraced in any general law, such as
was proposed by Mr. Evans, for instance, when
he was here. There is no law providing for the
case except this one which we are passing for the
payment of this claim. It is one which the com-
mittee supposed to be due under the resolution of
Congress to which it refers, and that it has not
been paid. The only hesitation the committee
had was whether it was proper for them to report
bills in individual eases, while the Senate and
Congress seemed to be unwilling to pass any gen-
eral bill on the subject. This case appeared to be
plainly and clearly made out, and we did not feel
at liberty to reject it.
Mr. COLLAMER I do not understand this
case as the gentleman does. I understand the
general law which we proposed in relation to the
officers of the Army was a law to make up to those
who had received their commutation the half pay
for life. Now, this bill is for the commutation,
not for half pay. The resolutions of Congress
of 1778 were, that those who remained in the ser-
vice until the close of the war should have half
pay for life. By the resolution of 1783, they were
to have five years'full pay in lieu of it. The gen-
eral bill which has been reported is to make up
the deficiency of those who took their commuta-
tion and make it equal to the half pay for life,
which they say they were constrained into from
the necessity of the case. I understand this to
be a case in which the officer has not had his com-
mutation at all.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. I see no reason in the
world why the man should not have his commuta-
tion, if he has not had it. It would not come
within the general bill at all.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It would come within
a general bill, if we chose to provide by general
bill for the payment of all such cases; but we have
provided by no law for the payment of any such
case, and therefore it becomes necessary to pass
these special acts.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to postpone this bill
until next Friday. It is one of those cases which,
if passed, will be a precedent for thousands of
others; and of course, it will give rise to the pass-
age of a law for the payment of all revolutionary
claims. I want it postponed simply because I
think it involves too great a principle to be de-
cided by a thin SeDate. Besides, I know my col-
league would be very glad to take part in the
discussion of this bill. He did take part in the
discussion of the general bill; and the„Senate,upon
full discussion and consideration, rejected that
general bill. That general bill was based pre-
cisely on the same principle With this bill, as I
understand it. I think it had better be postponed,
and I move to postpono it until next Friday.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator from Geor-
gia is mistaken. The resolution of 1780—I be-
lieve that is the date of it—at all events, that res-
olution about which we have had so much contro-
versy, provided that all officers who would remain
in the service from that date until the disbanding
of the Army, should be entitled to half pay for
life. Afterwards, on petition of the officers, Con-
gress commuted that to five years' full pay. Now
if this gentleman was within that resolution—that
is the question I ask my friend from Kentucky—
if he was within the contract, it is simply a bill
to make good the contract. The opposition which
was offered to the general law by the Senator from
Georgia, not now present, and myself, as well
as many other Senators, was that it purported to
set asitle the contract, and remit them back to the
half pay for life. Therefore this bill, so far from
carrying out the principles of the general bill
which was defeated in the Senate, is simply mak-
ing good to the party what we then acknowledged
due to him. They did, in nearly all the cases,
receive commutation. If this gentleman did not,
it is for some exceptional reason which probably
my friend from Kentucky can state. If he did
not receive it, undoubtedly it is due to him; and
I am sure that the argument of the Senator from
Georgia, not present, would notbe directed against
such a case. That case is within the resolution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg leave to read the
report. It states the facts more clearly and dis-
tinctly than they remain in my recollection:
"The evidence submitted shows that there is no doubt
that William Thompson was colonel of the third South
Carolina continental regiment of mounted troops, from the
'24th day of July, 1776"—
