1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2515
that which they naturally bear, a much stronger
argument could bo mode from the context m fa-
vor of limiting it to all black men of the African
race, than in defense of the attempt to twist it ex-
clusively for the benefit of the whites. But when
Mr. Jefferson appeals to the comprehensive term
of44 human nature," as possessing these rights,
it is plain enough that he> at least, was for cover-
ing all of every race equally under the shelter of
this beneficent national proclamation.
But the question now is not what Mr. Jefferson
or his compeers intended. The fact is beyond
contradiction, that the Judiciary and the Execu-
tive head of the Federal Government have prac-
tically adopted the opposite construction, and a
very large number of people are prepared to con-
firm it. The reason for this remarkable revolu-
tion of opinion leads us at once to the source of
our present divisions. Passing ovor all secondary
disputes about Wilmot provisoes or squatter sov-
ereignty, about fugitive slave laws oY protection
of the rights of so-called property, as the mere in-
cidents, let us look the real issue calmly in the
face. The construction put upon the Declaration
of Independence for the first half century of our
career is favorable to the liberty of human nature
throughout the world. The construction now put
upon the same language is designed to overthrow
it, by setting up one poi tion of man kind so far above
another as to justify the former in compelling the
latter to perpetual subjection to its will. Hence,
though it may be affirmed that the white race are
created equal, and possessed of certain inalien-
able rights, this affirmation must be understood
as made by themselves, exclusively for their own
benefit, and with the deliberate intent to deny to
every other class on earth any privilege which
shall avail them against a successful attempt to
enslave them, whether by force or fiaud. If it
be once assumed by the white that the black man
of Africa has no rights which he is bound to re-
spect, by parity of reasoning it inevitably follows
that a resort to the same processes of violence and
crime which brought him to this mournful con-
dition may be had by him in his turn, wherever
he can get the power, towards the white. And
the same remark will apply to any and every
other race of mankind which chooses to set itself
up as the arbiter of the rights of the creation.
There is then, by this theory, no such thing on
earth as liberty guarantied to any one. This de-
cision strips us ail alike of any rights but such as
we may maintain by our own right arms. It is
the American sanctification of the sovereignty of
force, under the old argument of prescupUon. it
is the tyrant's plea of necessity, varnished over
with the thin gilding of modern politico-judicial
Democracy.
If 1 am right in my deductions, then the case
stands thus at this moment: a great and power-
ful combination in the United States has been able
so far to control political opinion as to carry the
Government clean away from the acknowledg-
ment of the soundness of doctrines of hbei ty uni-
versally recognizedm the first half century of our
career; and, furthermore, to make that Govern-
ment justify and defend, for certain purposes, a
law founded originally on nothing but fraud and
force. Surely, if this be admitted, it can be no
further cause of surprise that those among the
people who still remain attached to the old and
cherished principles of the better days oi the Re-
public, who yet believe that the mission of the
Government is to promote the law of liberty, and
to resist oppression, and who mean to make it such,
if honest efforts will effect it, should associate in an
organization having for its object the restoration
of the ancient and true idea, and the overthrow
of the false one. If anything is to be done with
effect, it is high time to set about it. Nearly all
the avenues to power are guarded by opponents.
The strongest political organization known in out-
history has been made subservient to its will.
Nothing will avail against the omnipotence of the
Eower acquired " by virtue of the negro," as I
ave already described it, but union,energy, and
ceaseless vigilance in resisting its further progress,
Here stand m antagonism once more the old ene 
mies—liberty and authority. Here is renewed in
a modified shape the "irrepressible conflict" that
is as ancient, at least, as the days when Moses
struck the Egyptian. Are we, then, to be told
that the organization must be dissolved, because
it is a standing menace to the slaveholding States t
What! the doctrines of liberty a menace to the
slave States ! Your fathers did not think so, when
they proclaimed them years ago; and we are doing
no more now, than your fathers did t&en !
It must be admitted that in this, as in all sharp
contests for the right, the respective antagonists
often rush into extremes of opinion, mix up their
feelings with their reasoning, and perpetually
criminate each other as guilty of aggressions,
just as if either side could resist the force of the
circumstances that surround them. No doubt
many errors have .been, are, and will be, com-
mitted on both sides, which calm and judicious
patriots are ready to deplore. They, in the main,
spring from the nature of a popular Government,
which breeds classes of men whose disposition it
is to distinguish themselves by stimulating the
prevailing passion of the moment. Nowhere is
this more likely to be the case than in the treat-
ment of the slave question, iirwhich the foais for
the safety of a pecuniary interest greatly aggravate
the customary irritation attending purely political
conflicts. This is one reason why changes in the
doctrines of the slaveholding party from time to
time have so rapidly taken place. The most ma-
terial of these, and that which made the present po-
sition of parties inevitable, happened about thirty
years ago, when the old revolutionary dogma that
slavery was an evil imposed upon one portion of the
country, against its will, which it tolerated only
from the necessity of the case, gave place to the
modern dictum that slavery was a benefit to the
African, and a positive blessing to the master, and
that the social system evolved from tins relation
could justly boast of being the highest type of
civilization. I have no manner of doubt that this
novel and, to me, shocking doctrine, always has
been and is yet repudiated by many of the wisest
and the best of the citizens of the slaveholding
States, just as it was rejected by Washington and
Jefferson, by Madison and Mason, (Virginia can
boast of no greater names,) in the early, and by
Henry Clay m the later, days of the Republic. Rut
they find themselves powerless against the prog-
ress of an idea that seems to relieve people from
the necessity of excusing a wrong'which they are
at all events determined to commit. It is much
easier to turn the doubtful act into a positive merit,
and claim credit as a virtue for steady perseverance
in what they desire to do.
Be this as it may, it is this change which has
brought the country into its present difficult sit-
uation: for just so long as slavery was conceded
to be an eviiin the social system, just so long was
it unreasonable to demand its establishment in re-
gions whore it had never existed. The law of
liberty as an acknowledged blessing was then the
rule, and slavery was only tolerated as an excep-
tion, from the necessity of the case, in countries
from which it could not be safely ciadicated. But
so soon as this theory was exploded, and the no-
tion that slavery was a positive advantage, not
only to both master and slave but to all the mem-
bers of a civilized community, became prevalent
m Us place, another set of duties immediately de-
volved upon the conscientious believersof the new
faith. The right to expand became no less clear
than the obligation grew imperative. The ques-
tion iio longer remains confined within the borders
of actual slaveholding States. it spreads itself
abroad, not merely over the plains yet untrodden
by I he foot of the settler, but into long-establish'd
and populous communities which do not yet see
theliqhtof conviction on tins point. If,indeed,the
proposition be once admitted as sound, 1 cannot,
for my part, understand why it does not legiti-
mately follow that evety free State in the Union—
nay, every free State m the world—is not doing it-
self a positive injury by refusing to haibor the
blessed institution jn its bosom. If slavery be a
p-ood in itself, why not diffuse il everywhere r
then, we see the practical consequence of
the abandonment of the fundamental principles of
the Declaiation of independence* and here we
see the absolute necessity for the establishment
of a great associated organization which shall be
potent enough to overthrow this false doctrine,
and to resist every practical form of its develop-
ment, I say it not in any spuit of menace or of
unkmdness to those who disagree with me on this
matter, but because I feei it to be a solemn duty
incumbent upon me as a Representative of a
State pledged by all its past history to maintain
the cause of freedom and free institutions. There
can be no compromise ivhatever on this issue  So
long as it remains undetermined—and that is
equivalent to saying so long as the people of these
States remain themselves free—so long an organ-
ized party will continue in the field, having for its
main object the restoration, as a cardinal princr-
pie of the Federal Government, of the ancient
doctrine of the inalienable lights of man. If this
be a standing menaec to the people of the slave-
holding States, so be it. We may regret that they
so regard it, and love them too, but we must love
liberty more. So said Brutus and Cassius in their
hour of peril, to Mark Antony, when he was de-
serting the sacred cause they had sworn to sup-
port: 44 Vocemus te ad nxdlas inimicitias; sed tamen
pluris nostrum libertatem quam tuam amicitiam as-
timemus."
The party thus associated has no purposes which
it seeks to conceal. It harbors no hostile designs
against the rights of any of the States. Its load-
ing idea is reform, total and fundamental, in the
spirit in which the Government has of late years
been administered—reform, also, in the details,
which appear of late to have been suffered to
run into many grave abuses. It is not to be
concealed that all over the country there is a well-
defined impression that, for the sake of retaining
power, corruption has been tolerated, if not act-
ively encouraged, in high places; and the vari-
ous efforts at investigation made within a few
years, so far from removing that uneasiness, have
gone far to increase it. Without undertaking to
judge of the truth or the error at the bottom of
the feeling, I do yet maintain that, for the honor
of the country, and of all who may be concerned
in the administration of the Government, there is
aw overruling necessity for a complete change
of the persons now responsible for its direction.
The reform must be wide enough to restore free-
dom as the guide of the Federal policy, and to
set aside the new idol which has usurped her
throne. It must be deep enough to reinstate hon-
esty above suspicion m the dispensation of the
pecuniary contracts incident to the possession of
great place. If the execution of such a policy as
this constitutes good ground for a resort to ex-
treme measures of resistance by any portion of
the people of these States, then is there no hope
of further harmony in America; for the evils
which would ensue to us, if we were deterred from
action by such considerations, would be far more
fatal to the public peace and prosperity, in the
ultimate result, than any which could grow out
of perseverance against unreasonable demands.
Once more may the words of the great Roman
patriots be appealed to: "Nulla enim minantis
aucloritas apud liberos est,"
And the remedy is secession, or, in plainer
words, a dissolution of the Union and a disrup-
i tion of the Constitution! So we are told. In a
I word, the people who defy us to put the negro
I out of this Hall; who claim that, by virtue of that
1 negro, twenty of their number stand upon this
: floor; who hold a majority of the scats on the
I bench of the Supreme Court; who have time out
! of mind wielded m their own favor the executive
, influence of theFederal Government,imagine that,
j they are about to better their condition by aban-
| doning all these enormous privileges,and by set-
j ting up another Government, withoutany similar
i advantages, among themselves. Perhaps there
; might be some plausibility in this idea if you
' could fence yourselves all round with a high wail,
and proclaim a complete non-intercourse with the
i world outside. But the day for these fancies is
j passing off, even with the Chinese and the Jopan-
! ese, who have held to them the longest, lour
slaves will not be made safer at home, or less ag-
' gressivo when abroad, by the wimdrawal of the
! power of reclamation; neither will your internal
! condition be less an object of anxiety to your
neighbors than it is now. The mere fact of the
I existence or the non-existence of a common bond
of government may modify, but it cannot mato-
: riafiy change, the conditions of your great social
i problem. If the Constitution were expunged by
- agreement to-morrow, its difficulties might, in-
| deed, be aggravated, but none would be removed.
Whatever we may choose to think or say of
I one another, ei ther for good < r evil, a higher Power
; above us has raised up on this continent a people,
; who, whether uuited or divided, whether praying
I or cursing, whether loving or fighting? are dus-
i tined to remain, in all the essential features of
