I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Coxg. ... 1st Sess.
Free Homes for Free Men—Mr. Grow-.
Ho. of Reps.
The paths of glory no longer lead oversmoking
towns and crimsoned fields, but along the lanes
and by-ways of human misery and woe, where
the bones and sinews of men are struggling with
the elements, with the unrelenting obstacles of
nature, and the not less unmerciful obstacles of a
false civilization. The noblest achievement in
this worlds's pilgrimage is to raise the fallen from
their degradation; sooUie the broken-hearted,dry
the tears of woe, and alleviate the sufferings of the
unfortunate in their pathway to the tomb.
" Go say to the raging sea, be still;
Bid the wild, lawless winds obey thy will;
Preach to the storm, and reason with despair;
But tell not misery's son that life is fair."
If you would lead the erring back from the paths
of vicc and crimc to virtue and to honor, give him
a home—give him a hearthstone, and he will sur-
round it with household gods. If you would make
men wiser and better, relieve your almshouses,
close the doors of your penitentiaries, and break
in pieces your gallows; purify the influences of the
domestic fireside, for mat is the school in which
hutoan charactcr is formed, and there its destiny
is shaped; there the soul receives its first impress,
and man ins first lesson, and they go with him for i
weal or for'woe through life. For purifying the
sentiments, elevating the thoughts, and developing
thenoblcstimpulscsofman'snature, the influences
of a rural fireside and an agricultural life are the no-
blest and the best. In the obscurity of the cottagc,
far removed from the seductive influences of rank
and affluence, are nourished the virtues that coun- I
teract the decay of human institutions, the courage
that defends the national independence, and the
industry that supports all classes of the State.
It was said by Lord Chatham, in his appeal to
the House of Commons, in 1775, to withdraw the
British troops from Boston, that "trade, indeed,
increases the glory and wealth of a country; but
its true strength and stamina are to be looked for
in the cultivators of the land. In the simplicity
of their lives is found the simpleness of virtue, the
integrity and courage of freedom. These true,
genuine sons of the soil are invincible."
The history of American prowess has recorded
these words as prophetic. Man, in defense of his
hearthstone and fireside, is invincible against a
world of mercenaries.
Let us adopt the policy cherished by Jackson,
and indicated in his annual message to Congress
in 1832, in which ho says:
" Itoannot be doubted that the speedy settlementof those
lands constitutes the true interest of the Republic. The
wealth and sticngth of a country are its population, and the
best part of the population are the cftltivatois of the soil.
Independent fanners are ever> wheie the bases of society,
and true friends of hbei ty." * * * " To put an end for-
ever to all partial and interested legislation on this subject,
and to afford to every American citizen of entei prise the
opportunity of securing an independent freehold, it seems
to me, therefore, best to abandon the idea of raising a futuie
revenue out of the public lands."
This advice, by one of the country's noblest pa-
triots, though unheeded at the time, is among the
richest legacies he has bequeathed to his country, i
Why should the Government hold the public
domain longer as a source of revenue, when it
has already more than paid all costs and expenses
incurred m its acquisition and management? Even
if the Government had a right, based in the na-
ture of things thus to hold "these lands, it would
be adverse to a sound national policy to do so; for
the real wealth of a country consists not in the
sums of money paid into its treasury, but in its
. flocks, herds, and cultivated fieldw. Nor does its
real strength consist in fleets and armies, but in the
bonesandsinews of an mdependentyeomanry and
the comfort of its laboring classes. Its ical glory
consists not in the splendid palace, lofty spire, or
towering dome; but m the intelligence, comfort,
and happiness of the fireside of its citizens.
What constitutes a State f
Not high-raised battlement or labored mound,
Thick wall or moated gate ;
Not cities proud, with spires and turrets crowned ;
Not bajs and broad-aimed poits,
Where, laughing at the storm, lieh navies ride ;
Not staned and spangled courts,
Where low-browed baseness wafts perfume to pride.
No: men, high-minded men.
**-******
Men, who their duties know,
But know their right.-,, and knowing, dare maintain;
Prevent the long-aimed blow,
And crush the tyrant while they rend the cham:
These constitute a State."
New Series—No. 9.
The prosperity of States depc'nds not on the
mass of wealth, but its distribution. That coun-
try is greatest and most glorious in which there
is the greatest number of happy firesides. And if
you would make the fireside happy, raise the fallen
from their degradation, elevate the servile from
their groveling pursuits to the rights and dignity
of men, you must first place withm their reach the
meansfor supplying theirpressingphysical wants,
so that religion can exert its influence on the soul
and soothe the weary pilgrim in his pathway to
the tomb.
But as a question of revenue, merely, it would
be to the advantage of the Government "to grant
these lands in homesteads to actual cultivators,
if thereby it was to induce the settlement of the
wilderness, instead of selling them to the specu-
lator without settlement, The revenue to the Gov-
ernment from the lands, if considered annual, is
the interest on the purchase money; which would
be on a quarter section, at one dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre, the interest on two hundred
dollars, equal, at six per cent., to twelve dollars
per year.
But as the revenue of the General Government
(with the exception of the sales of the lands) is
derived almost wholly from duties on imported
articles consumed m the country, the amount cnl-
[ lected depends upon the quantity consumed. On
j an average each individual consumes of imported
I articles about eleven dollars' worth per year, (see
j statementof Register of the Treasury, appended,)
i and calling seven the average number of a family,
j then each family consumes annually seventy-five
1 dollars'worth of imported articles, upon which a
| duty of not less than twenty dollars was paid,
i So the Government would be the gainer of eight
! dollars per year on each quarter section, by giving
[ it away to a settler in preference to selling it witlf-
| out settlement. In audition, as you cheapen the
! necessaries and comforts of life, or increase men's
! means to pay for them,you increase their consump-
1 tion; and in the same proportion as you increase
the means to pay for imports, you increase the
consumption of home products and manufactures;
so that the settlementof the wilderness by a thriv-
ing population is as much the interest of the old
States as of the new. The amount now received
by the Go vcrnment of the settler for the land, would
enable him to furnish himself with the necessary
stock and implements to commence its cultiva-
tion.
For the purposes of education, building rail-
roads, opening all the avenues of trade, and of sub-
duing the wilderness, the best disposition to be
made of those lands is to grant them in limited
quantities to the settler, and thus secure him in his
earnings, by which he would have the means to
surround himself with comfort and make his fire-
sidehappy; to erect the school house, the church,
and all the other ornaments of a higher civiliza-
tion, and rear his children educated and respected
members of society. This policy will not only add
to the revenues of the General Government and
the taxable property of the new States, but will
increase the productive industry and commerce of
the whole country, while strengthening all the ele-
ments of national greatness.
The first step in the decline of empires is the
neglect of their agricultural interest, and with its
decay crumbles national power, it is the great
fact stamped on all the rums that strew the path-
way of civilization. When the worlds unwritten
history shall be correctly deciphered, the record
of the rise, progress, and fall of empires will be
but the history of the rise, development, and de-
cline of agriculture. Hooke, in describing the
condition of agriculture among the Romans more
than two thousand years ago, the process of
absorption of the lands by the rich, and their con-
sequent cultivation by slaves, furnishes the stu-
dent of history with the secret causes that under-
mined the empire and destroyed its liberties. I
read from book six, chapter seven, of his History
of Rome, volume two, page 522:
a Fiom the earliest times of Rome, it had been the cus-
tom of the Romans, when they subdued any of the nations
in Italy, to depuvc them of a part of then territory. A poi-
tion of these lands waj sold, and the rest given to the poorer
citizens; on conditions, says Jlpjnan* of their paying annu-
ally a tenth of the com and a tilth of the fiuiu of titles, be-
sides a certain number of gieat and small cattle. In process
of time, the rich, by various means, got possession of the
lands destined for the subsistence of the poor." * -*
" The rich and the mighty contrived to possess themselves
of the lands of their poor neighbors. At first they held these
acquisitions under borrowed names; alterwards openly in
their own. To cultivate the farms they employed foreign"
slaves; ?>o that Italy was in danger of losing its inhabitants
of fiee condition, (who had no encouragement to marry.no
means to educate children,) and of being overrun with
slaves and barbarian*, that had neither affection for "the
Republic nor interest in her preservation. •**
" Tiberius Gracchus, now a Tribune of the people, under-
took to remedy these disordcis." * * * *
" Never, says Plutarch, was proposed a law more miid
and gentle against iniquity and oppression; yet the rich
made a mighty clamor about the hardship of being sfript of
their hou es, their lands, their inheritances, the burial-
places of then ancestor." * * h * The
poor, on the other hand, complained of the extreme indi-
gence to which they were reduced, and of their inability to
bring up children. They enumerated the many battles
where thej hadtought in defense of the llepublic; notwith-
standing which 4 they were allowed no share of the public
lands; nay, the u&uiper^to cultivate them, chose rather to
employ foreigners and «.Javc  than citizensof Rome.' Grac-
chusy$ view was not to make pooi men rich, but to strengthen
the Republic, by an increase of usclul members, upon which
he thought the safety and wclfaic of Italy depended. The
indirection and war of the slaves in Sicilyt who were not
yet quelled, tunu&hed him with eufficientargnment for ex-
patiating on the danger of filling Italy with slaves." * *
" lie atked the rich whether "they prefertetl a slave to a
citizen; a man unqualified to servo in war to a tohlicr; an
alien to a member of the Republic; and which they thought
would be more zealous for its interest? Then, as to the
misery of the poor: 1 The wild beasts of Italy have caves
and dens to shelter them; but the people, who expose their
lives for the defense of Italy, are allowed nothing but the
light and air; they wander up and down with their wives"
and children, without house and without habitation. Our
generals mock the soldiers; when, in battle, they exhoit
them to fight for their sepulchers and theii household gods;
lor, among>t all that great numbei of ilo7naiw, there is not
one who has either a domestic altar, or a sepulcher of his
ancestors. They light and die, M)lciv to maintain the riches
and luxury of others; and are stiled the lords of the uni-
verse, while they have not a single foot of ground in their
possession."'
Smith, in the second volume, page 291, of liis
Greek and Roman Biographical Dictionary, speak-
ing of Tiberius Gracchus, and the reasons for his
proposed legislation, says:
"His brother Cams related, in some of hi-? works; that
Tiberius, on htsnnaieh to Spain, in (B. C.) 137, as he was
passing through Emma, observed with grief and indigna-
tion the duseited state ot that fertile country; thoufa'nds
of foreign slaves in chains were employed m cultivating the
land and tending the flocks upon the immense estates of
the wealthy, while the pooiei classes of itoinan citizens,
who were thus thrown out of q/nployment, hud scareclv
their daily bread, or a clod of earth to call their own.' He
is said to have been loused through that circumstance to
exert himself in endeavoiing to remedy this evil."
Had the policy advocated by Gracchus, of dis-
tributing the public'lands among the landless citi-
zens of the nation, been adopted, the Roman fields
would have been cultivated by free men instead
of slaves, and there would have been a race of
men to stay the ravages of the barbarian. The
eternal city would not then have fallen an easy
prey to the Goth and Vandal; but the star of her
empire might have waved in triumph long after
the ivy twined her broken columns.
With homes and firesides to defend, the arms
and hearts of an independent yeomanry are a
surer and more impregnable defense than battle-
ment, wall, or tower. While the population of a
country are the proprietors of the land which they
till, they have an interest to surround their fire-
sides with comfort and make their homes happy
—the great incentive to industry, frugality, and
sobriety. It is such habits alone thutgive secuiity
to a government and form tlio real elements of
national greatness and power.
National disasters are not the growth of a day,
but the fruit of long years of injustice and wrong.
The seeds planted by false, pernicious legislation,
often require ages to germinate and iipen mto
their harvests of ruin and death. The most per-
nicious of all the baleful seeds of national exist-
ence, is a policy that degrades its labor. When-
ever agricultural labor becomes dishonorable, it
will, of course, be confined to those who have no
interest in the soil they till; and when the laborer
ceases to have any interest in the land lie culti-
vates, he ceases to have a stake in the advance-
ment and good order of society, for he has noth-
ing to lose, nothing to defena, nothing to hope
for. The associations of an independent freehold
are eminently calculated to ennoble and elevate
the possessor. It is the life-spring of a manly na-
tional character, and of a generous patriotism; a
patriotism that rushes to the defense of the coun-
