1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
States, inasmuch as the guarantee had been given
previously as against foreign nations.
If any further authority is necessary to show
that such is the true construction of the Constitu-
tion, it may be found in the forty-third number
of the Federalist, written by James Madison. Mr.
Madison quotes the clause of the Constitution
which I have read, giving these three guarantees;
and, after discussing the one guarantying to each
State a republican form of government, proceeds to
consider the sccond, which makes it the duty of
the United States to protect each of'the States
against invasion. Here is what Mr. Madison says
upon that subject:
" A protection against invasion is due from cucry socidy
to the farts composing it. The latitude of the expression
here used seems to secure cach State, not only agamat for-
eign hostility, but against ambitious or vindictive enter-
prises of its more powerful neighbors. Tlio history both of
ancient and modern confederacies pioves that the weaker
members of the Union ought not to bo insensible to the
policy of this article."
This number of the Federalist, like all the oth-
ers of that celebrated work, was written after the
Constitution was made, and before it was ratified
by the States, and with a view to securing its rat-
ification; hence the people of the several States,
when they ratified this instrument, knew that this
clauso was intended to bear the construction which
I now place upon it. It was intended to make it
the duty of every society to protect each of its
parts; the duty of the Federal Government to pro-
tect each of the States; and, he says, the smaller
States ought not to bo insensible to the policy of
this article of the Constitution.
Then, sir, if it be made the imperative duty of
the Federal Government, by the express provision
of the Constitution, to protect each of the States
against invasion or violence from the other States,
or from combinations of desperadoes within then-
limits, it necessarily follows that it is the duty of
Congress to pass all laws necessary and proper to
render that guarantee effectual. "While Congress,
in the early history of the Government, did pro-
vide legislation which is supposed to be ample to
protect the United States against invasion from
foreign countries and the Indian tribes, they have
failed, up to this time, to make any law for the
protection of each of the States against invasion
from within the limits of the Union. I am unable
to account for this omission; but I presume the
reason is to be found in the fact that no Congress
ever dreamed that such legislation would ever be-
come necessary for the protection of one State of
this Union against invasion and violence from her
sister Skates. Who, until the Harper's Ferry out-
rage, ever conceived that American citizens could
be so forgetful of their duties to themselves, to
their country, to the Constitution, as to plan an
invasion of another State, with the view of inciting-
servile insurrection, murder, treason, and every
other crime that disgraces humanity? While,
therefore, 110 blame can justly be attached to our
predecessors in failing to provide the legislation
necessary to render this guarantee of the Consti-
tution effectual; still, since the experience of last
year, wo cannot stand justified in omitting longer
to perform this imperative duty.
The question then remaining is, what legislation
is necessary and proper to render this guarantee
of the Constitution effectual ? I presume there
will be very little difference of opinion that it will
be necessary to place the whole military power of
the Government at the disposal of tlfb President,
underproperguardsandrestiictions against abuse,
to repel and suppress invasion when the hostile
force shall be actually in the field. But, sir, that
is not sufficient. Such legislation would not lie
a full compliance with this guarantee of the Con-
stitution. The framers of that instrument meant
more when they gave the guarantee. Mark the
difference in language between the provision for
protecting the United States against invasion and
thatfor protecting the States. When it provided for
protecting the United States,it said Congiess shall
have power to "repel invasion." When it came
to make this guarantee to the States it changed
the language and said the United States shall
"protect " each of the States against invasion. In
the one instance, the duty of the Government is to
repel; in the other, the guarantee is that they will
protect. In other words, the United States are
not permitted to wait until the enemy shall be
upon your borders; until the invading army shall
have been organized and drilled and placed in
march with a view to the invasion; but they must
pass all laws necessary and proper to insure pro-
tection and domestic tranquillity to each State and
Territory of this Union against invasion or hos-
tilities from other States and Territories.
Then, sir, I hold that it is not only necessary
to use the military power when the actual case of
invasion shall occur, but to authorize the judicial
department of the Government to suppress all con-
spiracies and combinations in the several States
with intent to invade a State, or molest or disturb
its government, its peace, its citizens, its prop-
erty, or its institutions. You must punish the
conspiracy, the combination with intent to do the
act, and then you will suppress it in advance.
There is 110 principle more familiar to the legal
profession than that wherever it is proper to de-
clare an act to be a crime, it is proper to punish
a conspiracy or combination with intent to per-
petrate the act. Look upon your statute-books,
and I presume you will find an enactment to pun-
ish the counterfeiting of the com of the United
States; and then another section to punish a man
for having counterfeit coin 111 his possession with
intent to pass it; and another section to punish
him for having the molds or dies 01- instruments
for counterfeiting, Kith intent to use them. This
is a familiar principle in legislative and judicial
proceedings,, If the act of invasion is ciiminal,
the conspiracy to invade should also be made crim-
inal . If it be unlawful and illegal to invade a State,
and run off fugitive slaves, why not make it un-
lawful to form conspiracies and combinations in
the several States with intent to do the act? We
have been told that a notorious man who has
recently suffered death for his crimes upon the
gallows, boasted in Cleveland, Ohio, 111 a public
lecture, a year ago, that lie had then a body of
men employed in running away horses from the
slaveholders of Missouri, and pointed to a livery
stable, m Cleveland which was full of the stolen
horses at that time.
1 think it is within our competency, and con-
sequently our duty, to pass a law making every
conspiracy or combination in any State or Ter-
ritory of this Union to invade another with intent
to steal or ran away property of any kind, whether
it be negroes, or horses, or property of any other
description, into another State, a crime, and pun-
ish the conspirators by indictment in the United
States courts and confinement in the prisons or
penitentiaries of the State or Territory where the
conspiracy may be formed and quelled. Sir, I
would carry these provisions of law as far as our
constitutional power will reach. I would make
it a crime to form conspiracies with a view of in-
vading States or Territories to control elections,
whether they be under the garb of Emigrant Aid
Societies of New England or Blue Lodges of Mis-
souri. [Applausem the galleries. J In other words,
this provision of the Constitution means more
than the mere repelling of an invasion when the
invading army shall roach the border of a State.
The language'is, it shall protect the State agonist
invasion; the meaning of which is, lo use the lan-
guage of the preamble to tile Constitution, to
insure to each State domestic tranquillity against
external violence. There can be no peace, there
can be no prosperity, there can be no safety in
any community, unless it is secured against vio-
lence from abroad. Why, sir, it has been a ques-
tion seriously mooted 111 Europe, whether it was
not the duty of England, a Power foreign to
France, to pass laws to punish conspiracies in
England against the lives of the princes of Franco.
I shall notargue the question of comity between
foreign States. I predicate my argument upon
the Constitution by which we are governed, and
which we have sworn to obey, and demand that
the Constitution be executed 111 good faith so as
to punish and suppress every combination, every
conspiracy, cither to invade a State or to molest its
inhabitants, or to disturb its property, or to sub-
vert its institutions and its government. I believe
this can be effectually done by authorizing the
United States courts in the several States to take
jurisdiction of the offense, and punish the viola-
tion of the law with appropriate punishments.
It cannot be said that the time has not yet ar-
rived for such legislation. It cannot be said with
truth that the Harper's Ferry ease will not be re-
peated, or is not in danger of repetition. It is
only necessary to inquire into the causes which
produced the Harper's Ferry outrage, and ascer-
tain whether those causes are yet in active oper-
ation, and then you can determine whether there
is any ground for apprehension that that invasion
will be repeated. Sir, what were the causes which
produced the Harper's Ferry outrage i Without
stopping to adduce evidence in detail, I have no-
hesitation in expressing my firm and deliberate
conviction that the Harper's Ferry crime was tlie
natural, logical, inevitable result of the doctrines
and teachings of the Republican party, as ex-
plained and enforced in their platform, their par-
tisan presses, their pamphlets and books, and
especially in the speeches of their leaders in and
out of Congress. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. MASON. I trust the order of the Senate
will be preserved. I am sure it is only necessary
to suggest to the Presiding Officer the indispens-
able necessity of preserving the order of the Son-
ate; and I give noticcthat, if it is disturbed again,
I shall insist upon the galleries being cleared en-
tirely.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pause for a single moment. It is impossible for
the Chair to preserve order without the concur-
rence of the vast assembly in the galleries. He
trusts that there will be no occasion to make a
reference to this subject again.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that the Presiding Offi-
cer will place officers in the galleries, and put a
stop to this thing. It is a very bad sign of the
times. It is unbecoming this body, or the delib-
erations of any free people.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Presiding Offi-
cer has not the force at his command to place
officers in the gallery.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senate will pardon mc
for a digression an instant, I was about to sug-
gest to the Presiding Officer that I thought it would
be necessary to place officers in different parts of
the gallery, with instructions that if they saw any
person giving any signs of approbation or disap-
probation calculated to disturb our proceedings,
they should instantly put the guilty person out
of the gallery.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has been done.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was remarking that I con-
sidered this outrage at Harper s Ferry as the logi-
cal , natural consequence of the teachings and doc-
trines of the Republican party. I am not making
this statement lor the purpose of crimination or
partisan effect. I desire to call the attention of
members of that party to a reconsideration of the
doctrines that they are in the habit of enforcing,
with a view to a fair judgment whether they do
not lead directly to those consequences on the part
of those deluded persons who think that all they
say is meant in real earnest and ought to be car-
ried out. The great principle that underlies the
organization of the Republican party is violent,
irreconcilable, eternal warfare upon the institu-
tion of American slavery, with the view of its ul-
timate extinction throughout the land; sectional
war is to bo waged until the cotton fields of the
South shall be cultivated by free labor, or the rye
fields of New York and Massachusetts shall be
cultivated by slave labor. In furtherance of this
article oftheir creed, you find their political organ-
ization not only scctional in its location, but one
whose vitality consists in appeals to northern
passion, northern prejudice, northern ambition
against southern States, southern institutions,and
southern people. I have had some experience in
lighting this element within the last few years,
and I find that the source of their power consists
in exciting the prejudices and the passions of the
northern section against those of the southern
section. They not only attempt to excite the
North against the South, butthey invite the South
to assail and abuse and traduce the North. South-
ern abuse, by violent men, of northern statesmen
and the northern people, is essential to the triumph
of the Republican cause. Hence the course of
argument which we have to meet is not only re-
pelling the appeals to northern passion and pre-
judice, but wo ha\e to encounter their appeals to
southern men to assail us, in order that they may
justify their assaults upon the plea of self-defense.
Sir, when I returned home in 1858, for the pur-
pose of canvassing Illinois, with a view to a re-
election, I had to meet this issue of the "irre-
pressible conflict." It is true that the Senator
from New York had not then made his Rochester
! speech, and did not for four months afterwards.
