132
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcli T,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Bwrnham.
Ho. of Reps.
authority, and we do so teach whenever we have
occasion to speak upon this subject. So, gentle-
men, yourfatncrs held, and so yourfathers taught;
and you will excuse us if we choose to follow in
vthe clear light of your fathers' teachings, rather
than to grope in the darkness of yours.
Our opponents demand, sir, that we shall go
home, and stop the discussion of the slavery ques-
tion among our people, and that we shall silence
the utterances of the press on this subject. They
forget that the North is free, and has none but
free men. They regard a free press and free
speech as the surest safeguards of their liberties,
and. will never consent to strike them down. Sla-
very, gentlemen, is your institution, not ours.
We have no responsibility on account of it in your
States, and claim no right to interfere with it
there. But freedom of speech and of the press is
our institution, and not yours, and we shall not
trammel either at your dictation. They demand,
sir, of the people of the North, that they shall dis-
band the " Black Republican party," as they are
pleased to call it. Sir, this demand is too ridicu-
lously extravagant to deserve attention. They
say to the people of the North, '' If you would con-
ciliate the South; if you would restore those fra-
ternal feelings that once existed between the two
sections, turn out these Republican Representa-
tives from their seats in this House, and fill them
with ' conservative' men." Let mc tell the gen-
tlemen who make this demand that those at the
North who will listen to this appeal have not the
power to grant the request.
There has, sir, in the course of this discussion
by members on the other side, appeared to mc to be
a great deal of misapprehension of the real senti-
ments of the North in regard to this question of
slavery. They have carelessly and loosely gath-
ered together oxtracts from the speeches of ex-
treme Abolitionists of one stripe and another, and
from their papers, and placed them alongside of
extracts from the speeches of the most conserva-
tive men of the Republican party, making no dis-
tinction between them, and representing them all
as having a common object, and as entertaining
common sentiments.
Sir, there are various classes of opinion in the
North touching this question of slavery. There
are even two classes of what are termed Aboli-
tionists—the Garrison school, who believe that
the Constitution, recognizing the institution of
slavery, is one so morally imperfect that it im-
poses no obligations upon men to act under it.
There is another class, belonging, I believe, to the
Gerritt Smith school, who believe that the Con-
stitution, so far from recognizing slavery, is, in
fact, an anti-slavery in>trumcnt, and confers upon
Congress power to abolish slavery even in the
States. Hut both of these classes are distinct from
the Republican party. The Garrison Abolition-
ists do not, as I believe, ordinarily vote at all,
holding it to be wrong to act politically under the
Constitution, because, as they say, it tolerates
slavery; whereas the other class have a political
organization of their own, and enter the contest
in some of the northern States against the Repub-
lican party.
Sir, there should be more of the spirit of can-
dor, of fairness, and of justice,in classifyingpub-
lic opinion upon this subject. The Republican
party are not responsible for the extreme opin-
ions of these men. It may be, indeed, as has been
charged, that in some of the elections they, to
some extent, vote with the Republican organiza-
tion; it would be verylikelyto be true; it would be
very likely that they should give their support to
that party; for, though we do not come up to the
extreme of their demands, we are m favor of pre-
venting the extension of slavery, which they so
much loathe, in the Territories of this Republic.
But, because they do sometimes act with us, does
that make us responsible for their extreme opin-
ions?
It may be that, in certain sections of the North,
there are even members of our own organization
who entertain what may be thought extreme
opinions, and which would not be approved by
the great mass of Republicans. Arc we, then, as
a party, to beheld responsible for their views?
Not at all. We are responsible for the principles
which we lay down in our national platforms as
a national organisation; those which we can all
adopt; those to which we do all assent; and it is
from these you are to learn our policy, and from
these alone. There may be measures adopted
and local platforms established, in one section of
the North, which would not be approved by those
in another section; and if there be such, we are
not to be held responsible for them, unless we
incorporate them in the general platform which
we all approve.
And so with our opponents; there are men at
the South, where their party is controlled, who
hold that the laws abolishing or prohibiting the
African slave trade should be*repealed; that the
traffic is right and proper. They hold their con-
ventions at the South, called for the very purpose
of concerting measures to procure the repeal of
those laws. There are men at the South, and
theyin large numbers occupy seats in this House,
who proclaim that, in case of the success of the
Republican party at the next presidential election,
they will rend asunder the ties which bind this
Union together; and none of their party here are
heard rebuking them. They send commission-
ers from one State to another, to concert meas-
ures for ultimate resistance to the Federal author-
ity. They pass laws by which they assume
control of the mails, and rifle them of what they
may deem to be obnoxious matter.
Sir, would the northern Democracy like to be
held responsible for all the extreme views which
some of these gentlemen entertain ? Would you
not ask our attention to the platform which your
national convention shall adopt? Would you not
demand that, as a party, you should bo tried by
that, and not by the views that may be proclaimed
by extreme men in South Carolina or in Missis-
sippi?
Now, sir, I ask the attention of the committee
for a moment to the platform adopted by the Re-
publican party of this country in their last na-
tional convention, and particularly to thatpartof
it which indicates our opinions and policy on this
question of slavery, and to which the otlicr side
have principally objected. And first, is the re-
assertion of the great fundamental truth of the
Declaration of Independence, that " all men are
created equal," &c. This our opponents declare
to bo a fundamental error, and our reassertion of
it high evidence of our sectionalism and spirit of
aggression upon the institutions of the South.
Sir, have we not fallen upon evil times, when men
arc thus denounced for maintaining this grand
truth? Dazzled, it may be. by its "glittering
generalities," we do, indeecT, hold to these great
principles in their broadest sense, without quali-
fication and without exception of classes. We
believe the great, learned, wise, and good man who
penned that Declaration knew full well the proper
phrase to express his meaning; and that when he
declared that all men were created equal; that all
men were endowed by their Creator with the right
to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; and
that these rights were inalienable, he meant pre-
cisely what he said, and nothing less. And we do
most entirely repudiate the doctrine which is now
so common with the Democracy, and which was re-
cently approved by the distinguished Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] in a speech in the Senate,
that this is all to be understood with an exception
against a particular race; and could I reach the
ear of the thousands of free men in this land who,
it may be, are born to a life of labor—a life of
toil—1 would warn them to beware how they tol-
erate, much more encourage, this monstrous doc-
trine, and to consider seriously whether the same
reasoning by which its advocates seek to exclude
one race may not very naturally and very easily
be applied to other classes, when the necessity, or
even the convenience, of the more powerful may
demand it.
Next, sir, the resolution, as follows!
li 3. Resolved, That the Constitution confers upon Con-
gress sovereign power over the Teriitones of the lTnlted
States for their government, and that, in the exercise of this
power, it is both the right and the duty of Congies* to pio-
hibit in its Teriitoucs those twin rehes of barbarism, po-
lygamy and slavery.''
The objection to this resolution of the Repub-
lican platform, identical in substance with the or-
dinance of 1787, (except the polygamy, which was
not then an institution in this cuuntiy,) is that it
claims for Congress the constitutional authority
to legislate upon the question of slavery in the
Territories of the United States; and because, in
addition, it expresses the opinion that Congress
ought so to exercise that constitutional power as
to prohibit the existence of slavery therein. Be-
cause we entertain these views, and because, as
they claim, if our party shall be successful in the
coming presidendial election, we shall proceed
to carry out these views, they declare to us that
they will secede from thisXJnion. Now, I know
that there mayJje many honest people, even at
the North, who, from this constant clamor that is
made and kept up by our opponents against us
on account of our alleged sectionalism—I say I
know that there maybe many honest conserva-
tive people desiring peace, who really believe that
there is something in the policy or platform of
the Republican party which is new, which is dis-
turbing, which is an innovation upon the past
policy of the Government; and it is because I
know this, that I propose, to such extent as I may
be able, to disabuse their minds in regard to our
policy, and in regard to our position. The Re-
publican party in this respect occupies the true
conservative position; they stand where the fathers
stood;, they maintain the doctrines in this respect
that the fathers maintained.
" They regard the institution as a great moral
and political evil, and would that it had no ex-
istence; they are not unaware of the difficulties
which beset it, and. do not intend to promote sec-
tional jealousy and hatred by ill-timed and mis-
placed discussions; they will not listen to the
cry of the fanatic, nor favor the designs of the
political schemer from the North or the South;
nor will they ever distuib or trench upon the com-
promises of the Constitution; they believe the
institution local and domestic—to be established
or abolished by the States themselves, and alone
subject to their control. But being thus the in-
stitution of a local sovereignty, and a franchise
peculiar to itself, they deny that such sovereignty,
or its people, can justly claim the right to regard
it as transj^ory, and to erect it in the Territories
of the United, States, without the authority of
Congress; and they believe that Congress may
prohibit its introduction into the Territories while
they remain such. And further, that its prohibi-
tion in the Territories will, by giving them a fiee
population as they become States, tend ( to form
a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, promote thegeneral welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our posterity.'
u Believing that it is for the * general welfare, *
for the benefit of all the States, and not for any
part of them, that free territory should remain so,
and that it is a legitimate subject of legisla-
tion, they desire, without intending todistmbex-
isting rights,at all propertimes, to discuss, in that
spirit becoming brethren of a common household,
the influences its extension is calculated to exert
upon the human race and the destinies of the coun-
try. And they doubt not that if, upon the whole,
it shall appear that the heaven-born principles for
which this Union was framed will be best pro-
moted by such prohibition, those who believe their
pecuniary interests or political relations will be
thereby prejudiced will yield,in a becoming spirit,
interests so comparatively trivial to < promote the
general welfare.' "
This, sir, is not my own language,but the lan-
guage of Senator Dickinson, then a Democratic
Senator from Now York, uttered in the Senate in
1847, in a speech on the subject of the Wilmot
proviso, which he then spoke as the unanimous
sentiment of the great mass of people at the
North, which was then true, but is now true only
j of the Republican party. He added:
u Shiver}", «>it, is silently and slowly rolling its dark wave
i towards a tropical sun ; and God grant that, in H^ovvn good
! time, its subjects may there find happy institution*, as well
: as a congenial clime."
Sir, I need not go back to a very early period
in the Government to show that the statesmen of
the country approved and adopted the very doc-
trines which the Republican party now maintain
in regard to the power of Congress over slavery
in the Territories, and their duty to exercise it to
the exclusion of that institution.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from what clause in the Constitution he derives
that power?
