2518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
upon the incoming of any Administration, there
are for those intermediate offices, paying five, eight,
ten and up to fifteen lmndrpd dollars, a host of
applicants; arid gentlemen should be willing to
relieve the country of some part of this burden,
and decrease this scramble, by the adoption of
this amendment.
Mr. SljNGLETON, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move to amend by in-
creasing the amount $100.
1 agree with the gentleman from Indiana that
the expenses of the Post Office Department are
enormous); and I admit that there aie complaints
in the country with reference to it; and the com-
plaints are just. But it has never been alleged,
to my knowledge, that the compensation of the
agents of the Department, the postmasters of the
country, was too great. Wo, sir; 1 believe with
my colleague that they are poorly paid. I know
that, in many of the county towns m Mississippi,
with more than one thousand inhabitants, it is
almost impossible to secure the services of com-
petent men to take charge of our offices. Why ?
because the compensation is inadequate.
Now, in reference to this law, 1 have to say
that, from the very nature of things, it is utteily
impossible that a general law can be framed which
will bear justly upon all the offices of the coun-
try. Take, for instance, the office of the geniie-
man from Tennessee, a distributing office at a
small town, requiring a number of clerks to trans-
act the business, and yet the compensation of the
postmaster is almost nothing There is such an
office in Columbia, Alississippi, which is, in point
of fact, a distributing office.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do not the route agents
relieve the postmasters of much of their labor?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Route agents attend to
the mails upon the railroads, and have no con-
nection whatever with the offices,
Mr. MAYNARD. Donottlu'irservices lighten
the labors of the offices?
Mr. BARKSDALE. They have no right to
go into the post offices without the consent of the
postmasters, so far as my knowledge extends. I
t>eheve the law is right as it stands, and that the
Postmaster General ought not to be allowed to
shrink from the performance of his duty un-
der it.
Mr. COLFAX. He does not" shrink "from it;
and it is but justice to lum to say so. He thinks
the provision an unwise one; and hence, as he
has the right to do, he favous its repeal.
Mi. MAYNARD. I would not have my friend
from Mississippi [Mr. L>aiiksdale] misunde •-
stand me. I did not suppose that the route agents
had permission to gr  into the post offices; but 1
ask whether their services upon the lines of the
railroads do not relieve the local postmasters5
Mr. BARKSDALE. I think not. The duty
of the route agents iy merely to hand out the mail
bags to the postmasters along the route.
What docs the gentleman require of the Post-
master General r It authorises him to increase the
compensation of poslmnstets when a case has
been made out to him showing that their compen-
sation ought to be increased I know there is
some trouble connected with the investigation of
that matter, but it is the duty of the Post Office
Department to investigate everything of that sort.
These officers are appointed for that purpose,
among other things; and i repeat that they ought
not to heallowed to shrink from the performance,
of this duty. I have no complaint to make of the
Postmaster General, none whatever, lie is ably,
faithfully, and eiK<-i< ntiy discharging the data s of
his position; but I insist that,he shall he required
to investigate all tlu^e eases when 'hey are pre-
sented, and I belie\e it to he his duty to allow
additional compensation whenever a case is made
out showing that it is proper that additional com-
pensation should be given.
Now, sir, 1 am opposed to the amendment of
thegentieman from Indiana, for the reasons I have
stated, and I hope the committee will vote it down;
because, if ir is passed, you will find that in many
of the western and southern States it will be ut-
terly impossible in the larger towns to procure
competent poisons to discharge the duties of post-
master. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend by adding
to the proviso the words " so far as it may affect
the compensation of postmasters whose commis-
sions may exceed $100 per annum;" so that the
last part of the proviso shall read:
And that the proviso to the act of June 22, 1854, au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to allow extra pay to post-
masters over their regular commissions, is hereby lepealed,
so tar as it may affect the compensation of postmasters
Whose commissions may exceed $100 per annum.
1 rccollect very well when that proviso was
enacted; and I will read it, in order that the com-
mittee may have before them the law which it is
proposed to repeal:
" Provided further^ That to any postmaster of a separat-
ing office, who.-e commis'-ions, allowances, and emolu-
ments, may be found insufficient to provide the extra labor
nece^aiv to a prompt and efficient pei formal ice of the du-
ties of separating and dispatching the muibpasMii^thiough
hi* office, the Po-ima-tcr General may make such quar-
ter! v allowances, out ot the po«-ta<ies collected at such office,
as he may deem sufficient to compensate such cxtia labor."
It was alleged at that time, that, under the rates
of compensation provided for in this law, at of-
fices which weie termed distributing offices, at
offices where several mails concentrated, the com-
missions amounted to so small a sum as to be in-
adequate for the performance of the duty devolv-
ing upon the postmaster, f happen to know one
of the kind to which 1 have referred, within the
State where I reside, wheie the commission al-
lowed the postmaster is inadequate, and no post-
master would have performed the service had it
not been that under this law the Postmaster Gen
eral has allowed, in some instances, the entire re-
ceipt of the office as a compensation for dis( haig-
ing the duties of the office. I recollect the case
of an office where the mails arrived in the night
time, and from which several mails radiated, the
emoluments of which were but about fifty dollars,
and m order to secure the performance of the ser-
vice the Postmaster General allowed, as compen-
sation, the entire amount of postages received at
the office. And then that postmaster was inade-
quately compensated for opening the mails m the
night time—often between midnight and five
o'clock in the morning.
I therefoic desire, by the amendment which I
have submitted, to let the Postmaster General
retain the power to make an additional compen-
sation where the commissions of the postmaster
do not exceed $100 per annum. So far as the
amendmentof thegentleman from Indiana applies
to postmasters whose commissions exceed $100
per year, I have no objection to it.
Mr. COLFAX. As a matter of expediency,
1 have no objection to the amendmentof thegen-
tleman from Missouri. But I want the House to
uncollect that these postages are actually part of
the money of the Treasury of the United States,
and that this would be allowing an executive
officer to take money out of the Treasury and pay
it for extra service according to his discretion.
There is no other branch of the public service in
which Congress authorizes an executive officer
to do this thing. The Postmaster General does
not require it. He does not regard the power as
necessary to the public service; and therefore the
committee,in iheamendmentwhich I have offered,
adopted his suggestion. The amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri has some strong argu-
ments m its favor. I shall not oppose its adop-
tion by the committee any further, although I
shall stand by the principle, and vote against it
myself.
Mr. PHELPS. But I say that in eases where
it might be expedient for him to have the power,
no injury can arise, because the emoluments of
the offices are so small.
Mr. Phelps's amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to offer
an amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE I move to close
all further debate upon the paragraph andamend-
ments thereto.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in or-
der.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask to have the
rule on the subject read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that that motion can only be made in the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I understand that
it can be made in committee also. I make the
motion only for the purpose of saving the time of
the committee. Will the Chair have the rule on
the subject read?
The Clerk read, as follows:
l<Provided Jurther, That the House may, by the vote of a
majority of the members present, at any time after the five
minutes' debate lias taken place upon proposed amend-
ments to any section orpaiagiapliof a bill, close ah debate
upon such section or paragraph, or at their election upon
the pending amendments only."
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I move to amend
the amendment so that it will not effect a reduc-
tion in any case where the compensation of the
postmaster is under two hundred and fifty dollars.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of order.
We have already amended the amendment by
fixing the sum at $100. It is now proposed by
this amendment to change that into §250. ft
seems to me that that is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Then I move to
amend by striking out the provision entirely.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee having
once voted it in, it is not in order to move to strike
it out.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Then I move to
strike out the last line of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The last line of the amend-
ment has just been voted in, and therefore it is
not in order to move to strike it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman can have a
vote upon it m the House by yeas and nays.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want to make a
remark on the subject. It seems to me that the
Postmaster General is becoming very careful
about exercising his discretion. I understand that
the law gives him the discretion to allow just
compensation to postmasters where the duties of
their posts have been increased between the two
sessions of Congress. We all know, Mr. Chair-
man, that in the western States, particularly, the
business of post offices incre^es immensely, and
that the allowance to postmasters furnishes no
just compensation to them.
The general law cannot apply with safety and
justice to the postmasters in the western States;
and I think it better that the Postmaster General
should be vested with discretionary power to ap-
ply a remedy, and give just compensation. Why
the Postmaster General should at this time, and'
in a matter of this sort, want to relieve himself
from this duty and the exercise of this discretion,
I cannot well understand. He has, on other occa-
sions, exercised his discretion in taking away the
pay of postmasters and contractors, without ask-
ing to be relieved from that discretion. But here,
where the discretion vested m him is indispens-
able to the public service and to the just compen-
sation of public officers, he asks to be relieved
from it. 1 am not in favor of clothing any officer
with unnecessary discretion, but I am m favor
of holding all officers to a sound exercise of dis-
cretion, and of clothing them with such discretion
as is necessary to the public service.
The argument of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads is, that a
great many applications accumulate on the Post-
master General. Why, that is an argument in
favor of leaving him this discretion. Why do
these applications accumulate? Because, of course,
of the increase of duties devolved upon postmas-
ters; and the Postmaster General ought to meet
them fairly, and to afford relief where it is just
and necessary. There are hundreds of offices
within my knowledge whore the postmasters re-
ceive no just compensation now; and if this is
taken away it will be impossible to get compe-
tent officers.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the last day on
which we can consider this bill until Wednesday
or Thursday next.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Wc have been in session
for six hours and a quarter, and it seems to me
that that is long enough. I doubt if there is a
quorum here.
The CHAIRMAN, Debate is not in order.
Does the gentleman insist on his motion ?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do, sir.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ruffik* and
Longnecker were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
thiity in the affirmative.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope gentlemen on the
other side will not insist on remaining in session.
