I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2519
It is evident that there is no quorum here, and a
great deal of time will be wasted nnnecessanly in
calling the roll.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will make a proposition
which, if assented to, will obviate all difficulty.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
have three or i'ouramendments to offer, which are
simple in their character, and gentlemen can vote
on them just as well in the House as in Commit-
tee of the "Whole. The Committee of Ways and
Means have also two simple amendments to offer.
If by consent the bill may be reported to the
House, I am perfectly willing that a limited dis-
cussion may be Kad there upon the amendments
—I will not call the previous question—and we can
then pass the bill to-morrow.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my motion
to rise, with the understanding that these amend-
ments are to be voted on in the House.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not understand any-
thing of the kind.
Mr. SPINNEll. I have several amendments
which I intend to offer bona fide, and I desire to
offer them in committee.
Mr. SINGLETON. I object to any arrange-
ment of the sort proposed. This is an important
bill, and it ought to be properly considered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then 1 insist on my mo-
tion that the committee do now rise, and I ask for
tellers upon it.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barksdale
and McKean were ordered.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 33, noes 63; no quorum voting.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The House has now been
in session six hours and a half. It strikes me that
that is long enough. There is no sort of necessity
for insistmgondisposingofthis bill to-day. [Cries
of" Order!" and " Call the roll!"] I hope gen-
tlemen on the other side will consent to an ad-
journment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think we might agree to
let the bill go into the House, and let all the amend-
ments be offered there and voted on,and thus save
two, three, or four hours, that would be wasted
in talking about these little amendments. Let the
bill go into the House, and if gentlemen choose,
we can, by consent, adopt the five-minutes' debate
rule in the House. We can do nothing in com-
mittee this evening, it is evident, except lose time
in calling the roll.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama is agreed to, there will bo
no difficulty.
Mr. BARKSDALE. What is the necessity
for pressing this bill through in thismanner? We
have am pie time to transact all our business. [Cries
of" Call the roll!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I will hear the gentle-
man's proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. What I propose is, that
this bill be reported to the House, and be amended
there. We can have a five minutes'debate, by
general consent, there as well as here.
Mr. MILLSON. If that is the proposition
made to the committee, I have something to say.
Ifit is not, I have nothing.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi witlidfaw his motion f
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not withdraw the
motion, unless the pioposition of the gentleman
from Ohio is agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of order. The committee has divided, and no
quorum is present. Now, I submit that nothing
is in order except a call of the roll.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 do not desire to require
the roll to be called; and although 1 think gen-
tlemen are very unreasonable in requiring the
committee to remain in session at this late hour,
I will, however, withdraw the motion.
Mr. COLFAX. I am willing that this amend-
ment shall go to the House, with the recommend-
ation that it be or be not adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know whether it
is in order to move that this bill be reported to the
House, and that it be there considered under five
minutes' debate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to this amend-
ment going to the House at all,
Mr. LANDRUM, 1 call for tellers upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Spinner and
La\'DRDm were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 43; no quorum voting.
The roll was called, and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. Anderson,
William O. Anderson, Ashley, v\shmore, Avery, Babbitt,
"Barr, Barrett, Beale, Clair, lionham, Boteler, Bouligny,
Boyce. JJiabson, Branch, Brisks, Brown, Burnett, Burn-
ham, Burroughs?, Buttcrfield, Horace F. Clark, Clemens,
Claik B. Coehianc, John Cochrane, Conkling, Cooper, Cox,
James Ciaig. Burton Crai«c, Curtis. Davidson, H. Winter
D.ivU, Reuben Davis, De Jarnettc, Dimmick, Duel!, Ed-
inund-son, Ely, English, Etherid^p, Farnt-woith. Fenton,
Ferry, Foster, Fouke, Froneh, Garnett, Giaham, Gurley,
Hale, Hamilton, Ha&km, Hawkins, Iiickman, IiilUHind-
man, Humphrey, Hutching Jrvme, Jenkins, Keitr;Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, William K< llogg, Kcnyon, JCtlgorc, Kun-
kel, Lamar, Larrabee, Leake, Lee, Loomis, Love, Love-
joy, Maclay, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Mai tin, McCJer-
naml, McPherson, McQueen, Miles, Millward, Montgom-
ery, Laban T. Moore, Edward Joy Morn.-, Morso, Nixon,
Olm, Palmer, Peirv, Pottej, Pottle, Piyoi, Reynolds, Pace,
Riggs, James C.Robin-on, Uu&t, Srott, Scranton, Sedgwick,
Sickles, William Smith, Somes, Spaulding, Stevens", Wil-
liam Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Tavloi,Thayer, Theaker,
Train,Trimble, Underwood, Vance,Waldron,Walton, Cad-
waladerC. Washburn, Ibiacl Washburn, Webster, White-
ley, Wilson, Wins-low, Wood, Woodruff, and Wright.
Dunng the call rtf the roll,
Mr. SHERMAN said: With the consentof the
committee, {will state that I believe the gentle-
man who objected to the proposition I made has
withdrawn his objection. I propose again, for the
purpose of saving time, that this bill and amend-
ment bo reported to the House with no recom-
mendation. The amendment can then be offered
in the House, and the bill considered there.
Mr. MILLSON. I made no objection to the
gentleman's proposition, because, as I stated at
the time, I was nut aware whether any propo-
sition was submitted. If the gentleman from
Ohio now submits his proposition, 1 will say
that I cannot consent that this bill be reported to
the House until I know what amendments are to
be submitted.
Mr. COBB stated that he had paired with Mr.
Ashley.
The CHAIRMAN. Nothing is in order except
a call of the roll.
The call was then completed.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Post Office appropriation bill; and having
found itself without a quorum, had caused the
roll to be called; and had directed him to report
the facts to the House, with the names of the
absentees.
The SPEAKER stated that a quorum had not
answered to their names.
The House then, 011 motion of Mr. BUR-
NETT, (at twenty minutes before six o'clock,
p. m.,) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 1, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. KING. I am gratified to find, upon the
reading of the Journal, that my intentions are
there entered as to the views I submitted yes-
terday, being a minority report from the special
committee on printing. I intended to submit the
motion at the proper time, to make the views I
submitted a minority report; but it will be remem-
bered that the subject went over. The Journal
states that I "submitted the views of a minor-
ity." I do not know that I made it in that form;
but as it is entered, I accept it. I mention this
because, although I submitted my views, I did not
submit them in the form of a report from the com-
mittee, but I intended to move that they be so con-
sidered when the subject came up this morning.
It will he remembered that it went over. Iam
much gratified to find it entered on the Journal as
it is.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of
Thomas H. Burley, praying that the right to use
a machine for dove-tailing wood, invented and
patented by him, may be purchased by the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of George
W. Earhart, praying tp be allowed an
paid for transportation while5 employed: as-an
agent in the quartermaster's department; whieft
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of California in favo? of the
prompt settlement of land titles in that State; and
as a basis thereof, the segregation of the private
land claims from tho public domain, and the sub-
division of the public land contiguous to the'pri-
vate ranchos^and urging their Representatives in
Congress to obtain a sufficient appropriation to
meet the immediate wants of the State in this re-
gard as the paramount interest thereof; which
were referred to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
bills introduced.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
486) to authorize and direct the Postmaster Gen-
oral to contract with tho Overland and Pike's
Peak Express Company; which was read twicc
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
He also asked, and by unanimous conscnt ob-
ained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 487)"to
authorize and facilitate mining operations in the
Statesof California and Oregon,and in the Terri-
tories of the United States; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Harriet Crocker, widow of Edward Crocker, late
a boatswain in the Navy, prayingapension, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
485) for the relief of Harriet Crocker. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and tho
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military*
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 130) to pay to the State of Mis-
souri the amount expended by that State in repell-
ing the invasion of the Osage Indians, reported it
wuhout amendment, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 419) recognizing the survey of the Grand
Chcmerc Island, State of Louisiana, as approved
Jjy tho surveyor general, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
dk. evans's geological report.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
the UMial number of copies of the report of Di. John Evans,
United States geologist, on the geology of Oregon and
Washington Territories, and the country en route to the
Pacific,"hear the forty-seventh parallel north latitude; and
that one hundred copies of said report be placed at the dis-
posal of the geologist for distribution.
NAVAL DEPOT AT BRUNSWICK.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to;
Raolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire what proceedings have been had under
the act of January 28, 1807, " authorizing the establishing
of a navy depot on Blythe Inland, at Brunswick, on the
coast of Geoigia, and for other puipo«?e*;" how much of
the appropriation was expended for purchasing a site, and
to whom paid; how many were the owners 01' whom the
Government puieha?ed; who were they, and how long
had thev been owners, and what did they pay for the land
sold to the Government; \\ hat isthe present market value
of the land, and what was us value upon which taxes were
paid before its sale to th > United States; and what pecu-
liar fitness it possesses above other contiguous points tor a
naval depot or navy->ard; and that said committee have
power to send for persons and papers.
william medill.
Mr. GREEN. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution in lieu of the one 1 offered the other
day:
Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed
by the President of the Senate, to inquire whether the sixth
section of the act entitled k' An act making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the ilOth of June, has been exe-
cuted by the Fin>t Comptroller ofthe Treasury; and whether
any further legislation is necessary to-carry into effect said
act; and to report by bill or otherwise.
