2520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what the act alluded to is, or what it is about ?
Mr. GREEN. This is a mere matter of in-
quiry.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It provides for the ap-
pointment of a select committee.
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what the matter is that is to be referred to them.
Mr. GREEN. It is the same matter about
which I introduced a former resolution that some
supposed implied censure on the First Comp-
troller. I did not press that, because I do not
wish to cast censure on him. The section to
which this resolution refers is one directing the
First Comptroller to ascertain what damages cer-
tain parties had sustained—Carmick & Ramsey.
The object of this resolution is to see whether
any further legislation is necessary or not. It is
a mere matter of inquiry.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Does the Senator from Maine object
to the consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. YULEE. I understand this resolution
proposes a select committee. The Senator from
Ohio, who is not in his seat, [Mr. Pugh,] mani-
fested some interest in the question; and I sug-
gest to the Senator from Missouri the propriety
of allowing it to lie on the table until he is in his
seat, and then it can be taken up for action.
Mr. GREEN. If he desires it, I will move to
reconsider it when he comes in.
The resolution was adopted; and the Vice
President appointed Mr. Green, Mr. Pugii, Mr.
Latham, Mr. Foster, and Mr. Doolittle as
the committee.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
Amessage from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
S3) in relation to the public printing.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 656) to grant a p ension to
Mary J. Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas L.
Harris, deceased.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(H. R. No. 65G) to grant a pension to Mary J.
Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas L. Harris,
deceased; and it was signed by the Vice President.
'BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 49) to grant the right of preemp-
tion to a certain tract of land in the State of Mis-
souri to the heirs and legal representatives of
Thomas Maddin, deceased;
An act (S. No. 52) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast;
An act (S. No. 65) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
McCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, assistant quartermaster United States
Army;
An act (S. No. 106) authorizing the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protest-
ant Episcopal Church in the United States to
enter a certain tract of land in the State of Wis-
consin;
An act (S. No. 253) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Wetonsaw,son of James Con-
ner;
An act (S. No. 260) for the relief of Mrs.
Agatha O'Brieri, widow of Brevet Major J. P. J.
O'Brien, late of the Army;
An act (S. No. 373) for the relief of William
P. Bowhay;
An act (S. No. 468) to amend an act entitled
"An act to organize an institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy and of the District of
Columbia, in the said District; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 8) relating to the
claim of George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased.
JOINT RESOLUTION REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 22) in relation
to the public printing was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Printing.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
339) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861, re-
ported it with amendments.
LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Ml'. President, we had up,
a week or two ago, a bill in which the Senators
from California feel a deep interest, and which
was partially concluded; but upon an amendment
offered by me, the Senator from Maine [Mr.Fr.s-
| senden] asked that the bill should lie over, for
j the purpose of allowing him to examine it. I
I understand from him that he has since examined
| it, and is satisfied that it is right. I move that the
j bill be now taken up. It is Senate bill No. 168.
! The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
| in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
! eration of the bill (S. No. 168) to amend an act
' entitled "An act to ascertain and settle private
land claims in the State of California," passed
March 3, 1851.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The pending question was
on the amendment I offered. I understood the
Senator from Maine to say that he was satisfied
the amendment was right, and would withdraw
his objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely wished to ex-
amine it. I have examined it, and I have noth-
ing further to say about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Louisiana, to
strike out in section six, from lines nine to sev-
enteen, the following words:
"And all approved surveys and locations which have not
been letumed to tlu; said district coin ts, or culler of them,
or in which no pioceedin^s are pending in said district
conits, or either of tllem, for the purpose of contesting or
reforming the same, aie hereby appioved, and the land
therein surveyed continued to the claimants, or their as-
signs, respectively, in the same manner as if the same iiad
been acted on by the said district courts as hercmbefoic
provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out the seventh
section of the bill.
Mr. LATIIAM. 1 should like to hear the
Senator give some reason why that section should
be stricken out.
Mr. GRIMES. The amendment can be re-
ported, and then I will state my reason.
The Secretary read the section proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further cnactcd. That for the perform-
ance of the duties imposed by this act, and the act to which
this is an amendment, there shall be. allowed to the judges
of the nouhem and southern districts of California, as fol-
lows : to the judge of the northern district such a sum as
will, when added to his fixed and permanent salary allowed
by law and received by him, make Ins compensation amount
to the sum of $6,000 per Annum, and such additional com-
pensation to be computed from the 1st day of January,
and to the judge of the southern district such sum as will,
when added to In* fixed and permanent salary allowed by
law and received by him. make his compensation amount
to the .sum of JP$,500, such compensation to be computed
and allowed fioni the date of his appointment to paid office,
and to continue each for two years from and after the pas-
sage of this act.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from California
desires to know why I have made this motion. It
is simply because I am unwilling to acquiesce in
the establishment of such a principle as would be
established by the passage of this section; and that
is, to pass an act increasing the salaries of judges,
retrospective in its operation. According to the
provisions of this section, it declares that one of
these judges shall receive a compensation for per-
forming his duties at the rate of §6,000 a year,
going back, commencing at 1852. If wo establish
this principle m this instance, I do not know why
we should not in every instance in the country;
and not only in relation to judges, but other pub-
lic officers. As to this allegation that new duties
have been imposed upon them, thesame argument
can be urged in relation to every public officer in
the country. Hardly a session of Congress passes
in which some new incidental duty may not be
imposed, or is imposed, on various public officers.
Instead of those officers resigning, they continue
to perform their old duties, and the additional
duties, and then, by this bill, you establish a prin-
ciple by which you will encourage them to come
here and ask to be indemnified by an increase of
salary.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is known to the Senate
thatl have upon all occasions opposed the allow-
ance of any sum of money to the judges for any
past duties. I have made strenuous opposition
to it in the Senate; but this case is so very pecu-
liar one, that, notwithstanding my fixed opposi-
tion to that principle, I was forced in committee
to yield my objections. The case is this: these
two California judges were ap^inted at a time
when everything was at an excessively high rate
in California. They were sent out there upon a
scale of salaries equal to that on the Atlantic
coast. At the time they were sent out, objection
was made by almost every person to whom those
appointments were offered, to going out upon that
rate of salary. The judges actually went out at
a rate of salary which would hardly pay the
wages of their household servants. With a prom-
ise of persons possessing influence with the Gov-
ernment, that immediate efforts would be made to
raise their salaries, they went out there and under
these circumstances ran themselves into debt of
necessity; they could not help it, while waiting
for some relief from Congress.
In the mean time, there was brought before
them a mass of litigation of hundreds of millions
of dollars, requiring all their time, all their atten-
tion,and a degree of labor and care, that is rarely
bestowed by judges upon the performance of their
judicial duties. In a new State, with an incon-
gruous population of people, gathered from all
parts of the civilized world, money a perfect drug,
immense amounts before them for adjudication
every day, they held the even tenor of their way.
Not one syllabic has ever been breathed in re-
proach against cither of them. At a time when
the slightest deflection from moral rectitude would
have given them lar c fortunes, they remained
honorably poor, and in debt.
I will say, in relation to a single point, that the
Senate may perceive to what extent money was
made all around them by their own subordinates,
and some officials appointed by them, and which
they refused to touch or share in; that an ofTer was
made to the judges by different banking houses
to allow them two or "three per rent, per month
upon the balances in the registry of the court, if
he would only put the money in deposit in those
banking houses, because the bankers rouId make
five per cent, a month by loaning it. The judges
sternly refused all such approaches: icfused to
reccive a solitary cent of emolument of any kind
except their salary; and they have remained with
reputations intact, honorable models of judicial
rectitude. Their labors have been very severe.
They have not been adequately paid. We arc
now imposing further labors upon them, in ihc
settlement of the entire land titles and the loca-
tion of land claims in California. Under these
circumstances, the object of the committee was
to pay them such a sum of money, in relation to
their past services, as would relieve them from
debt, absolutely, necessarily incurred, in conse-
quence of their position when they fust went
out, closing this extra allowance in twenty-four
months from the date of the passage of this act,
when this extra service will have been concluded.
They will then return to their regular salaries. I
think it is eminently due to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I wish to
say to the Senate, particularly to my friend from
Iowa, that we arc a little apt sometimes to bo
misled by words. There is a great deal of differ-
ence between a principle and a precedent, and
my friend from Iowa seems to mistake one for the
other. The precedent in this case might be ob-
jectionable, wercit not that the circumstances wero
so peculiar that there is no danger of its being
drawn into a precedent, in my judgment; or, if a
like case should come again, I should be in favor
of acting precisely the same way.
Now, sir, it is true,as the Senator from Louis*
iana said in regard to one of these judges particu-
larly, that he received only the salary nxed by
law, $3,500. No man of established reputation
and age would or could afford to take the office at
the time. No man who was doing a good busi-
ness could afford to take the office at the time.
This young man, as he was, who took the office,
was then doing a business Which would have
