134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Spealter—Mr. Gorioin,
Ho. of Reps.
of slavery in the Dew Territories—does exist in Congress;
and I think there is this important distinction between
slavery outside of the States and slavery inside of the States:
that all outside of the States is debatable, and all inside of
the States is not debatable. The Government has no right
to attack the instuution~witbin the States; but whether
she has, and to what extent she has or has not, the right to
attack slavery outside of the States, is a debatable question
—one upon which men may honorably and fairly differ;
and, however it may be decided, furnishes, I trust, no juist
occasion tor breaking up this glorious Union of yours."
Now, sir, a word further. I quote largely from
that distinguished man, because I know that his
opinions on this subject are deemed of value by
the country. At the same session he is repelling
an attack from Senator Foote, of Mississippi, on
account of ajetter which he had then recently
written to a convention in Ohio, proposing to cele-
brate the adoption of the ordinance of 1787. On
that question he says:
Ci I was invited to attend the celebration of the anniver-
sary of the passage of the ordinance of 1787; and I think I
gave a very delicatc rebuke to the parties sending me an
invitation to the celebration of any such day. T said it was
the first time the day had been celebrated* although sixty
years have elapsed since the passage of that ordinance. I
added, and I add here and everywhere, that not one of
them, that no man in the United State?, was more opposed
than I was to the introduction ol slaveiy into any of the
new Territories of this country by positive enactments of
law, and that 1 did not believe there existed, under the
present state of what I conceive to be the laws ofMexico,
any right on the part of any individual to cariy slaves tiicie.
That is what was in the letter."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am ready, so far as all
the purposes, all the designs, all the wishes of the
Republican party of the country with regard to
the institution of slavery in the 1 erritorics is con-
cerned, to rely on the doctrines announced in
these three particulars, by the Senator from whom
I have quoted, if they shall'be carried out: in the
first place, declaring that by law slavery did not
exist in the Territories when we had acquired
thorn fromMcxico; in the nextplace, repudiating
this modern doctrine of Democracy, that eo in-
stanti the Constitution spread itself over the Ter-
ritories acquired, and carried with it slavery; and
then adding that no man was more opposed than
he to introducing slavery there by positive enact-
ment. I say that, with these three positions main-
tained, there is no way in which slavery can ever
find a legal foothold in any of the Territories of
the Government. And yet we are defamed be-
cause we advocate the doctrine of the power of
Congress to exclude it. Go tarnish, if you can,
with the breath of your calumny, the bright lus-
ter of his fame. If it was right in him, it cannot
be treason in us
Again he says, on another point:
"I have made no change. From the earliest moment
when I could consider the institution of slavery, [ have held,
and f have said,fioin that day down to the ptesent, again
ami again, and I bhali go down tothegiave with t lie opinion,
that it i** an evil, a social and political evil, and that it is a
wrong a*t it respects tho>e who are subject }o the institution
of slavery. Thc^e arc in\ opinions I quarief with no man
ior holding contrary opinions; and it is perfectly true lhat
in my own State, about this tunc Ja*t year, I addicted a
letter to a friend, in which i suggested these opinions, and
.sketched out what appeared to me might be a practical plan
for the gradual emancipation of slavery m Kentucky. That
letter I cho- e to put on record. I knew at the moment when
J wiote that letter at New Oilcans, as well as I know it
tins moment, that a majority of the people of Kentucky
would not adopt my scheme, or probably any project what-
ever of gradual emancipation. Perfectly well did! know
it; but, sir. I was anxious that if any one of my posterjty,
or any human hem? who comes alter me, should have oc-
casion to look into my sentiments and ascertain what they
were on thi'great institution of slavi-ry, they should find
themonrocoid there. And, ineffectual a-. J saw the pro-
ject would be, I felt it was a duty which I owed to myself,
to tiuth. to my country, and to my God, to record mv sen-
111x1™^.'"' *■#•«*****
u Cut. sir, T desire the empathy of no man, the foibear-
ance of no man. I dcurc to cscape from no responsibility
of iny public conduct on account of m\ age, or fiom any
other eau--e. 1 a-k lor none I am in a peeultarsituation,
Mr. President, if jou will allow me to sa> to, withoutany
earthly object of ambition before me; scp.uated, toagicat
extent, /ioin afi the earthly tic.-* winch connect a mortal
with his being dining this, transitoiy state. 1 am hcie, ex-
pecting; soon to go hence ; and owing no responsibility but
that which I owe to my own conscience and to God. Ready
to express my opinions upon ail and every subject, f am
determined to do so; and no imputation, no threat, no men-
ace, no application of awe or terror to me, will be avail-
ing In restraining me from expie^mg them. None : none
whatever. The honorable Senator, if he choose^, may
deem me au Abolitionist. Be it so.1'
Sir, that was*indeed a sublime spectacle. The
great Senator, standing in his place in the Sen-
ate-—a place which he had so long occupied, and
which no living man can fill—his head silvered
by the frosts of age, and his frame enfeebled by
gathering infirmities; yet his eye undimmed, his
proud spirit unbroken, his patriotism uncor-
rupted, thrusting all earthly temptations behind
him, desirous only to speak wise words of coun-
sel to the living, and to record them for posterity.
Never did his sun shine with more surpassing
brilliancy, not even when it rode proudly at its
zenith, than now, as in its unclouded and tran-
quil setting, it threw back its level beams upon
these transpiring events in his country's history.
One more extract, Mr. Chairman, and I have
done with them. Daniel Webster, in a speech in
the Senate, in 1848, on the Oregon bill, said:
" 1 rest on these propositions: 1. That when this Consti-
tution was adopted, nobody looked for any new acquisition
of territoiy to be formed into slaveholding States; 2. That
the principles of the Constitution prohibited, and were in-
tended to prohibit, all iaterferencc of the General Govern-
ment with slavery as it existed, and as it still exists, in the
States. And then, looking to the operation of these new
acquisitions, which have in this great degree had the effect
of strengthening that interest in the South by the addition
of these five States, I feel that there is nothing unjust, noth-
ing of winch any honest man can complain, if he is intelli-
gent ; and I feel that there is nothing with which the civil-
ized world, if they take noticc of so humble a person as
myself, will icproach me, when I say, as I said the other
day, that I have made up my mind, foi one, that under no
eircuwsianecs will J consent to the farther extension of the
area of slavery in the United States, or to the further increase
of slave representation in the House of Representatives.'*
Now, sir, I have shown the committee that
such was the position of all parties at the North,
both Whigs and Democrats, at the time when
this proposition was introduced into the Congress
of the United States; and also of Clay thereafter,
in the great discussions of the Senate on the com-
promise measures of 1850; and that they sustain
most completely the position of the Republican
party to-day, and as completely condemn the
doctrines of our opponents. I had intended, sir,
to follow this subject down through the various
changes of the Democracy on this question to their
present unfortunate position, but time will not
permit.  
Sir, it has been customary here, with many
members on the other side, to close their speeches
with a distinct avowal of the purpose of the South
in the event of the election of a Republican Pres-
ident in the rowing contest, which they seem to
anticipate. And we are told in vi\ id language that
she will forbeamolonger*, thatshe will then strike
the blow which will shatter the Union; that she
will then draw the sword and throw away the
scabbard; that her sons will then light the fires
on all her hill-tops; that they will then rush to
battle with flaming torches and gleaming daggers.
All this I regard as simply a picture of the ima-
gination. Wiser counsels will prevail.
The Republican party will puisue a better
course. If by the voice of the people it shall be
called to power, it will take possession of the Gov-
ernment, and administer it with strict regard to the
constitutional rights of all; but whether in pros-
perity or adversity, whether in victory or defeat,
it wifl be true and steadfast to the Constitution
and the Union; and its members, in whatever po-
sition, will not be unmindful of the great trust
committed to them by their fathers; but, as faith-
ful stewards, will endeavor so to manage it that
they may pass it down to posterity an unimpaired
inheritance.
ELECTION OP SPEAKER.
SPEECH OF HON. THOS. OORWIN,
of oiiio,
In tiie House of Representatives,
January 23 and 24, 1860.
Mr. CORWIN. I rise to inquire what is the
subject, under discussion at this time? [Laughter.]
The CLERK. The question before the IIouso
is the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Curtis] on Thursday last.
Mr. CORWIN. Then the speech of the gen-
tleman [Mr. Bakksdale] to which we have all
listened with a good deal of interest, has been
made, I understand, upon the point of order. If
that is the subject before the House, I have no
reply. No speech could be made in reply to that
we have just listened to, which would be in order,
according to my understanding of the subject,
upon the matter which is before the House. I
think that it would be well enough to make as
near an approximation as can possibly be made
in our unorganized condition to the rules of par-
liamentary law, for the present. Though I should
like to have the liberty to reply to some of the
propositions discussed by the gentleman from
Mississippi, I must consider myself deprived of
that right.
And now that the Clerk has been kind enough
to recall to us the lost memory of the fact that
there are numerous points of order pending, I
think it would be well to make some motion upon
that subject. I have abstained from making any
of these motions heretofore, though I have felt, as
much as any gentleman, the difficulty under which
we labor by reason of having no rules laid down
since our coming together in December, by which
anybody could determine what was in order. I
was about to move, under those circumstances,
that we proceed to a ballot. We have done such
things before [laughter] with very little success,
I admit, but I believe it is understood that if we
ever do organize the House, it must be by voting.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Barks-
dale] wants to get rid of this cumbrous business,
and I will say to the gentleman that the only way
to accomplish it is by voting; and I say further
to him, that if he should be elected, I will pledge
him that the State of Ohio will not dissolve the
Union on that account. Now, this is a very seri-
ous matter, though, at the same time, it so happens
that almostevery goodor grave subject discussed
by men will have something ludicrous about it.
This farce wc have been enacting lor seven weeks,
very much to our amusement, is, as we hear it
very frequently remarked, and sometimes much
to the disturbance of some gentlemen here, be-
ginning to be, in the minds of the people of this
country, a serious matter. If every gentleman
here who has a duty to discharge, and who was
sent here to do the business of this great Republic,
would put this matter to his conscience as he
does other subjects^which involve questions of
conscientious duty, surely we would begin to think
seriously what wc have to do.
I know that there are some very plausible argu-
ments—and to me they are difficult to get over—in
favor of electing a Speaker of the House by the
majority of votes of members. I was reminded
the other day by one ofmyfriends,residentin tins
city, with whom 1 have long had most agreeable
ana friendly intercourse—a gentleman in good
standing with the present Administration, and
therefore I do not wish to give his name, lest it
might bring him into disrepute, [laughter,]—that
there was something in the election of Speaker
more than I had supposed; that in a certain event
he might become President of the United States.
I confess that puzzled me a little. It may be so;
bxjt I do not think it important that we should in-
corporate that idea into o)ir purposes, as one of
the contingencies that may arise. It is hardly
possible that any two gentlemen who are elected
President and Vice President will be amiable
enough to die for the benefit of the Speaker of the
House. I do not know what God in his provi-
dence may have in store for us. But such a contin-
gency never lias happened; and therefore I think
we should not give it a marked place in our con-
siderations of the question of the Speakership of
this House. Something has been said by the gen-
tleman [Mr. Barksdale] touching this very sub-
ject; and I, reserving my rights under such rules
of order as we may come to establish between this
and the next century, desire to say something oil
the general propositions that have been so ably
presented to the House by the gentleman from
Mississippi. ' This Helper book ! I do not know
what we shall be driven to in this course of dis-
cussion and in this line of thought. It may come
to pass, according to the opinion of some, that
that liberty of the press which has been called, in
the classical language of almost every body in the
country, the palladium of our rights, (I confess
it is a palladium which we do not respect very
much just at this time,) shall have to be restricted.
There it is, however, baptized by that name; and,
in truth, if we could come to the right considera-
tion of it, I believe it would be found that no free
Government m the world has yet existed with-
out a free press as its consequence, or a free press
