1576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Military Affairs, reported back House bill No.
336, for the relief of John Randolph, of Warren
county, Tennessee, with the recommendation that
it do not pass; which was laid upon the table,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
FREDERICK. F. BROESE.
Mr. POTTLE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Frederick F. Broese, deceased;
which was'read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
SARAH BRASHEAR.
Mr. POTTLE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Sarah Bfa-
shear; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
GEORGE P. HARSII. - .
Mr. ROYCE, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported back House bill No. 8, for the
relief of George P. Marsh; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
ANTON L. C. PORTMAN.
Mr. HUMPHREY, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Anton L. C. Port-
man; which was read a first and sccond time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
SAMUEL N. ELLIOTT.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of Samuel N. Elliott and others, children of Na-
than Elliott; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
REBECCA DAVIS.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Rebecca Davis,
widow of Jesse Davis; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
WILLIAM HAYES.
Mr.DELANO, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of William
Hayes, administrator of Colley ltuckcr; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CATHARINE COJIPTON.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Catharine
Compton, only child of Joel Callahan; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
ESTHER COLE.
On motion of Mr. DELANO, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Esther
Cole, and the same was referred to tl'io Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
CHILDREN OP WILLIAM HUMPHREY.
Mr. BABBITT, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of the children of William Humphrey, a soldier
of the Revolution; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
ALICE HUNT.
Mr. FENTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to report back to
the House Senate bill No. 233 for the relief of
Alice Hunt, widow of Thomas Hunt, with the
recommendation that it do pass: I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that it be put upon
its passage at this time. It is a case of great
merit. It passed the Senate without a dissenting
voice, as I am informed. Mrs. Hunt, provided
for in this bill—the widow of Captain Hunt, a
brave soldier in the war of 1812, and a faithful
and meritorious officer in the regular service to
1838, the year of his death—is worthy, and in
pressing want of the relief which this bill will
afford. I hope there will be no objection from
any quarter.
Several Members. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Alice Hunt,
widow of Captain Thomas Hunt, on the pension
roll, and to pay her at the rate of thirty-five dol-
lars per month from the 5th day of January, 1860,
for life or widowhood.
Mr. FENTON. I call the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and tinder the
operation thereof, the bill received its several read-
ings, and was passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KATE D. TAYLOR.
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 250) for the relief of Kate
D. Taylor, widow of the late Brevet Captain
Oliver H. P. Taylor; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
bo printed.
.ARCHIBALD MERRYMAN.
Mr. FENTON also, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Archibald
Merryman; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
CAROLINE E. CLARK.
Mr. FENTON also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Caroline E. Clark;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
HENRY SANFOIID.
Mr. FENTON also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Henry Sanford;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
MOSES GROOMS.
Mr. FENTON also, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Moses
Grooms; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Wholellonse, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FENTON also, from the same committee,
made adverse reports in the several cases of James
H. Bradford, praying for arrears of a pension;
Hector St. John Beally, asking for an invalid
pension for serviccsin the war of 1812; and Henry
Miller, asking for an increase of an invalid pen-
sion; which were severally laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
JUDITH NOTT.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Judith
Nott, widow of John Nott, late of the United
States Navy; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
JAMES TAN PELT.
Mr. FOSTER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of James Van Pelt;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM W. DEIIIL.
Mr. FOSTER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill to increase the pension of William
W.Deihl; which was read u first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
DANIEL LUCAS.
Mr. FOSTER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Daniel Lucas;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
KATE D. TAYLOR.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill for the relief of
Kate D, Taylor, widow of the late Brevet Cap-
tain Oliver H.P.Taylor, was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House. I ask to have the
motion entered.
The motion was Entered.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports in the several
cases of the petitions of C. Melville Reeves,
praying for a pension; Thomas Satterlee, pray-
ing for an invalid pension; Ezekiel Darling,ask-
ing for a pension; Silas Stevens, of Virginia, pray-
ing for an invalid pension; Charlotte Butler, widow
of John Butler, praying for a pension on account
of services and disabilities of her husband during
the war of 1812; Nathaniel Wilbur, asking for a
pension; John R. Tucker, asking for a pension
on account of his father being killed at the battle
of Fort Meigs, in 1813; Daniel Doland, praying
for an increase of pension; Antoine Robedoux,
asking for an increase of pension; James S. Row-
land, a private in the war with Mexico, asking to
be allowed a pension; Samuel Jannay, asking for '
a pension; Edward Hardesty, asoldierofthe war
of 1812, praying for a pension; Isaac Allen, ask-
ing for an increase of pension; and Margaret Cow-
ard, widow of Thomas Coward, asking for an
invalid pension.
SAMUEL REMICK.
Mr. FOSTER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions to ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Samuel Remick, and that the same be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EDMUND MAYO.
Mr. BRABSON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report in the case of Edmund
Mayo; which was laid on the table, and ordered
-to be pririted.
LEOPOLD SCHNEIDER.
Mr. BRABSON also, from the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Leopold
Schneider; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY'S HEIRS.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of the children and heirs of Alexander Montgom-
ery; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. POTTER. In this case I ask for the read-
ing of the report. It is a peculiar case, in which
a certificate of pension was granted, but the pen-
sioner died before the delivery of the certificate.
I desire to put the bill upon its passage.
Mr. McQUEEN. I hope the bill will be passed.
I am acquainted with the facts in this ease. The
agent of the parties sent the papers to me. They
prosecuted their claim for a number of years.
Finally they sent on the testimony, and the cer-
tificate issued; but after I sent it home, 1 learned
that the party had died some five days before the
certificate was received. I ask for the reading of
the bill.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to pay to the child or children and
heirs at Jaw of Alexander Montgomery, late pri-
vate in the involutional y war, the amount duo
said Montgomery on the pension certificate which
has not been paid to said child or children or
heirs at law, by reason of the death of said Mont-
gomery.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was subse-
quently read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McQUEEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT PURCHASE.
Mr. POTTER also,fr®m the same committee,
reported a bill granting a pension to Robert Pur-
