1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEL
given him a very much larger income; but the
pride and character of being; the first United States
judge appointed west of the mountains induced
'him, being an unmarried man, to take the place,
under the promise that steps should be imme-
diately taken to bring the salary up to what would
enable him barely to live; and he asks no more.
Well, sir, it is a fact, that he has spent years in
that office when he was obliged, in order to meet
his expenses and not run in debt, to live, sleep,
and almost board in his own office that he occu-
pied. During that period he has done more busi-
ness, I will venture to say, in amount and labor,
than almost any other half dozen district judges,
if you strike out the city of New York, in the
United States. The amount of business that he
has done is enormous; and during that period,
when he received that salary, he was suffering for
want of means; obliged to live in a way in which
a gentleman can hardly afford to live and keep
his reputation. He has gone through with a most
enormous amount of labor with a reputation un-
sullied, with opportunities, in a way that many
men would consider justifiable, even with his office,
to make a large fortune; but holding most strictly
to the purity of the judicial ermine, and suffering
nothing to touch it in any way, for the purpose
of preserving that reputation and doing all his
duty by his country.
Well, sir, some three or four years after he held
the office in this way, the salary was increased
to $5,000, which was considered, at the time, to
bo sufficient, and perhaps is sufficient. At any
rate, he is satisfied with it, if you leave it at that
amount without imposing additional duties upon
him. Now comes the question whether, when
we impose very large additionaldutiesupon him—
and there is no question they are so—it is to be
made up to him by a reasonable compensation
for the time, carrying it simply two years ahead,
a period when this additional labor will probably
be completed. It is objectionable in one shape.
1 agree with my friend from Iowa that, as a gen-
eral rule, it would be; as a precedent to be fol-
lowed, it would be; but, under the circumstances
of the case, I, with all my objections to it, in
looking at the matter, supposed that nothing more
than strict justice from man to man, from the Gov-
ernment to its servant, required that this should
be done; and I gave my assent to it, after a thor-
ough examination of the circumstances, cheer-
fully and cordially. I think it should be done.
Why, sir, the judge of the circuit court, who re-
sides in the same place with this judge of whom I
speak, receives $6,000. I am not familiar with the
facts as to the other district judge; but his duties
are less, and his salary is less. The judge of the
circuit court receives a salary of $6,000, right
alongside of the judge of this district court, and
his duties are not half, I suppose not one third,
of the duties which the district judge, at a fixed
salary of $5,000, has to discharge. Sir, I think
we owe something to public servants as individ-
uals, as well as to the great public that we serve.
I do not believe that we do any wrong by the
Government, by the Treasury, by the people, in
saying that faithful and upright servants who
distinguish themselves in the discharge of their
duties for a scries of years at low, incompetent,
miserable, insufficient pay, should be decently
remunerated for the time they are occupied. That
is my judgment, and I am willing to vote for the
bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, it may be 
Mr. FITCH. If I am not mistaken, there was
a special order for half past eleven o'clock to-day,
which I should like to have disposed of.
Several Senators. Let us finish this bill.
Mr. FITCII. I understand there will be no
debate on the special order. The gentleman who
had it made a special order for to-day. does not
design to debate it.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will not call up that subject while this is
pending. I am persuaded that we shall have a
vote m a very short period on this bill. It will
not take long.
Mr. FITCH. Very well; I shall not interfere.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the bill in reference to theHou-
mas claim. That has been debated and post-
poned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
Rick in the chair.) The Senator from Georgia is
not in order, the Chair having awarded the floor
to the Senator from Iowa, unless the Senator from
Iowa yields the floor.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not ask the Senator to
yield the floor. I did not know that there was
any gentleman on the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very possible, Mr. Pres-
ident, and indeed probable, that the Senator from
Maine is correct in supposing that I am not able
to understand the difference between a precedent
and a principle; but it certainly does occur to me,
at any rate it did occur to me before 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will yield
to me a moment, I beg leave to explain. I did not
say he was incapable of discriminating, but that
he did not discriminate.
Mr. GRIMES. It certainly occurs to me that
it is a violation of sound legislative principle when
you allow a man to come to Congress and say
that some one, without any authority of law,
promised that he should have an increase of com-
pensation, and therefore we ought to give it to
him. It seems to me that it is a violation of sound
principle in politics and in legislation to allow a
man to come before Congress and say that some
person connected with the Government, without
any authority of law, advised him to accept some
distinguished judicial position, upon the promise,
the individual promise, that although the salary
connected with the office was too small, yet that,
at some future time, he would interpose, or Con-
gress would interpose, for the purpose of fixinga
larger salary than was already affixed to the per-
formance of the duties of the office. Now, let us
look at this case. Here was n young man, ac-
cording to the statement of the Senator from
Maine, residing on the eastern slope of the Al-
leghany mountains, who was induced to go to
California with this appointment as judge of the
district court.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I said no such
thing. I said he was in California doing a large
and profitable business at the time.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I was mistaken in sup-
posing the Senator said so. I think the Senator
from Louisiana said so; but it does not make any
difference about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He was not an applicant
for the office at all.
Mr. GRIMES. Here a young gentleman con-
sented to accept this position; he accepted it with
the salary that was then attached to it. He has
discharged the duties of that position acceptably
to everybody, I admit; he is a good judge; he is
a worthy man. Now, after having performed the
duties of that position for some ten or a dozen
years, lie comes before Congress, and asks that
we shall pass a law which shall be retrospective
in its effect, and go back eight years, and give
him a salary of $6,000 a year.
I say there is not a single argument urged by
the Senator from Louisiana or the Senator from
Maine that is not applicable to every other judg-
m the country. It is applicable in my own State.
The business in my State has increased perhaps
a hundred fold since the man accepted the office.
The same argument might, therefore, be applied
to him that is applied to this judge in California;
and if we establish this principle, or set this pre-
cedent—if the Senator likes that name better—I
know no reason why the judge in my State would
not be justified in coming here next year and
asking that his salary be increased to $2,500, or
$3,000, or $4,000 a year.
I am not willing to recognize, either, the author-
ity of any man to commit Congress; for it has
been stated by both the Senators here that this
gentleman accepted this office and retained it upon
the promise of somebody conncctcd with the Gov-
ernment that the salary should be increased. We
have another case before us of some Indian agent
who, several years ago, accepted an office in Ore-
gon under the promise, as it is alleged, on the
part of somebody, that the salary was to be in-
creased, and now we are asked to appropriate
him a certain amount of money in compliance
with that promise. Who authorized this man to
make this promise? What justification is there
on the part of anybody to accept any such prom-
ise? If we justify it in one instance; if we say to
the judge in California, or to the Indian agent in
Oregon, that he is justified in going and fulfilling
the duties of an office on the promise of some in-
dividual connected with the Government, why
shall we not justify also every other man in the
country who will accept an office upon the indi-
vidual promise of some man connected with the.
Government?
IIOUMA8 LAIW GRANT.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to postpone the prior
orders, and take up the bill to which I have re-'
ferred.
Mr. FITCH. Perhaps the Senator will per-
mit the previous special order, the resolutions
from the select committee in relation to the public
printing, to be voted upon first. I presume there
will be no debate on them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will tell my honorable friend
my objection. There was some arrangement
about the order of business, to which I was a
party. The bill which I want to take up was
the unfinished business the day before yesterday,
but it was pushed aside in violation of the agree-
ment to which I was a party.
Mr. FITCH. I would, not press it if I sup-
posed the special order to which I allude wo.uld
lead to any debate; but I really know of no in-
tention to debate the resolutions. If a debate arises
on the subject, it will probably arise on the re-
port of the Committee on Printing. My object
now is simply to have the resolutions adopted,
so that the subject may be referred to that com-
mittee.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should think that the bill
which I propose to take up is an important mat-
ter, as it concerns the homes of five hundred fam-
ilies. I am simply doing my duty in calling at-
tention to it. It is the business of the Senate as
much as mine.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senate willgo on
and finish the bill that is under discussion. The
very argument which the Senator from Georgia
uses applies with equal force to it. It has been
pending here as the unfinished business for six
weeks; we have had two or three scattering de-
bates about it, and now it is to be postponed again.
We shall get through with it in a few minutes
now, and then I will vote for the proposition of
the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no doubt the Senator
can succeed in this body with a bill to raise sal-
aries and beat down an act of justiee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Clingman, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
lirtle, Durkee, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Green, Grimes, Hale,
Hemphill, Iverson, King, Pearce, Rice, Saulsbury, Sim-
mons, Toombs, Wilkinson, and Ynlee—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Biglcr,
Bragg, Bright, Chandler, Clark, CoIIaraer, Fessenden,
Pitch, Foster, Gwin, Kennedy, Latham, Mallory, Nichol-
son, Polk, Seward, Sumner, Thomson, Wade, Wigfall,
and Wilson—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTING. *
Mr. FITCH. I now ask a vote on the adop-
tion of the resolutions reported yesterday.
The PRESIDINC OFFICER. These resolu-
tions are the first business in order, and the Sec-
retary will read them.
The Secretary read the resolutions yesterday
reported byMr.SLiDELL from the select commit-
tee, as follows:
Resolved, That the laws regulating the prices and mode
of public printing, and the abuses necessarily growing out
of the expenditure thereof, require reform.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Printing be in-
structed to inquire into theexpcdioncyot providing by law
for executing the public printing and binding by contract
to tiie lowest bidder, who shall give security for executing
the work, or in such other mode as they may deem most
expedient.
Mr. FOSTER. I would ask if the bill which
was under discussion is not still before the Sen-
atThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair an-
nounced the spccial order; but it was postponed
informally, at the suggestion of the gentleman
who has control of it. He now insists on the
special order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suppose there will be no
debate on that. We can take a vote, and then go
on and finish this other bill, and get through with
it. Let us do one thing at a time.
Mr. TCING. In the committee there was a dif-
! ferent resolution proposed from the first one now
' offered, which I should prefer. This resolution.
