1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
chasc, a soldier of the revolutionary war; which
was read a first and sccond time, referred to a
Committee, of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
MARGARET PERRY.
Mr. POTTER also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of John
Perry, for himself and surviving children of Mar-
garet Perry; which was laid jon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
r COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
Mr. POTTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions to ask that they
may be discharged from the further consideration
of the several petitions of Mary Douglas, Mrs.
Marshall, heir of Thomas Hoyt, and Martha
Garrows and others; and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. I
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made adverse reports on the petitions
of Andrew J. Tuck and Ebenezer Hitchcock;
which were severally laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the petitions of William W alter,
Catharine Welding,and Ellen Bowie;which were
severally laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of William
A. Johnson and J. L. Har-Jcer; which were sever-
ally laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
HENRY F. BOWERS.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
reported a bill gran tingan in valid pension to Henry
F. Bowers; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
UNITED STATES ART COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. TRAIN, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill to define the
power and duties, and fix the salaries of the United
States art commissioners; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanyingreport,
ordered to be printed.
MAIL FACILITIES TO PIKE'S PEAK.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 ask to have a letter from the
Postmaster General read.  
The letter was read, as follows:
Post Office Department, Jlpril 6, 1860.
Sir : Iletemng to our communication of tills morning in
regard to l:iek of mail facilities in the Pike's Teak region,
I would stale that thcie never having been any post loutes
in that region till the act of March 27, 1860, it has been
impos.-ibje lor the Department to supply that section with
mails. Nor is it possible now, until Congress furnishes
an appiopriation forthat purpose. If, however, your com-
mittee should recomincml that the appropriation foi this
service, now incorporated in the general Post Office appro-
priation lnl], should be passed at once, as the post routes
foi that region were in a special Mil, and if Congiess should
see tit to concur therein, the Department would at once
furnish temporary service under the act of 1836, if it can be
obtained on reasonable terms, and advertise for regular
contracts there, to take effect in July next.
Respectfullv, your obedient servant,
HORATIO KING,
Jlctinv Postmaster General.
Hon. Schuyt.er Colfax, Chairman Committee onthe Post
O ffice and Pat Roads, House of Representatives.
Mr. COLFAX. I would state that Congress
unanimously passed a bill establishing five post
routes in the Pike's Peak gold region. During
the entire of last year the people there had no mail
routes at ail, and had to depend on private ex-
presses, paying from twenty-five cents to a dollar
for their letters. The same state of affairs would ex-
ist this year, unless Congress granted relief. The
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads have
instructed me unanimously, in accordance with
the suggestion of the Post Office Department, to
report a bill, and ask for its passage. It does not
appropriate one single dollar that is not now esti-
mated for andreportedby the Committee of Ways
and Means. There is simply this difficulty: the
Committee of Ways and Means have reported an
appropriation of $25,000 for this service in the
general Post Office appropriation bill, which it is
certain will not pass till the last day of the session.
The Post Office Department say that, if that be
the case, they will not be able to furnish mail fa-
cilities there this season; but that if this sum of
§25,000 for mails in that region be put in a special
bill, and that hill be passed at once, they can fur-
nish these mail facilities under the act of 1836.
There are people there by thousands. They have
no army to protect them, no Government officers,
and do not cost the General Governmentanything
at all. I do think that we should at least give
them mail facilities.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to discuss this
question whenever the bill is to be put upon its
passage; and I give notice to the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Tappan,] as well as the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] that I
shall ask the attention of the House in opposition
to the passage of the bill.
Mr. TAPPAN. Then I cannot give way.
Mr. COLFAX. Then I give notice that I shall
on Monday endeavor to have substantial justice
done to these people.
Mr. CRAWFORD. And I give notice that I
shall on Monday resist it with all the influence
that I can have on this side of the House.
EXECUTIVE INTERFERENCE WITH CONGRESS.
Mr. COYODE. Before a motion is put to go
into Committee of the Whole House, I desire to
submit a privileged question. I am directed by
the special committee appointed to investigate
charges of Executive interference with the legis-
lation of Congress, to present a report. There
will also be a minority report presented. I ask
to have them printed and referred back to the
special committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to
know what that report is.
The SPEAKER. The report is presented, with
leave to the minority of the committee to present
a minority report.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had better withhold his report until
the minority of the committee are ready to report.
Mr. COVODE. The minority have agreed that
this report should be presented.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, let the minority pre-
sent their report.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask leave of the House to
introduce a minority report.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
two reports will bo referred backtto the special
committee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand the pol-
icy of that course.
Mr. WINSLOW. If the House will take up
this question to-day it will suit me just as well as
at any other time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to know from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania when he pro-
poses to take up this matter?
Mr. COVODE. Let the report be referred back
to the committee, and we will bring it up when we
are ready. The reason why we determined not
to have it acted on to-day was, that this is pri-
vate bill day, and wo did not want to take up the
time of the House with it.
Mr. TAPPAN. I only gave way to allow the
report to come in and be ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. The reports had better be
printed and set down for some particular day.
Then we will all know when it is to come up.
Otherwise we would not know when thisicom-
mittee might come in with their report.
Mr. WINSLOW. Very well; let it be sot
down for Monday next.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, say Monday, then.
Mr. WINSLOW. I understand that the Ju-
diciary Committee will present their report on
Monday, and move to have it printed. I suggest,
therefore, that this report be received and printed,
and made the order of the day for Monday next.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to that
proposition ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to its being made
a special order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Probablythegentlemanfrom
Pennsylvania has not heard what the report is. I
take it for granted that he has not, or he would
not object.
Mr. WINSLOW. It strikes me that this is &
matter of vast importance.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understood that this was
the final report of the committee. I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Ma^ne. What is this?
The SPEAKER. The report pf a special com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will object
to making it a special order. I do not know what
it is.
Mr. WINSLOW. I will state that the whole
question- is one of privilege, and cah be taken up
now, or at any time.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh,no, noton private bill
day.
The reports were postponed until Monday, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAPPAN. I now insist on my motion.
UNITED STATES ART COMMISSIONERS—AGAIN.
Mr. TRAIN. I desire to enter a motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill fixing the sal-
aries of the art commissioners was referred to a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to know if that
bill was brought in by unanimous consent, or was
reported from a committee?
The SPEAKER. No objection was made to
its reception.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, I raise the point of
order that bills brought in by unanimous consent,
for reference only, cannot be brought back by
motions to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The bill was not brought in
for reference. It was brought in as a'reportfrom
a committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I slmll interpose another
objection at this point. It is a bill of a public
character, and was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar. I in-
tended to have interposed an objection at the time.
If I understand the bill, it fixes the salaries of cer-
tain United States commissioners. It is", there-
fore, a general bill, and should go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and not
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar; and I give notice that, when the
motion to reconsider is called up, 1 shall discuss
that point.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. TAPPAN. I now insist on my motion,
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Branch in
the chair,) and proceeded to consider the business
on the Private Calendar.
This being " objection day," the bills to which
no objection was made were laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
they do pass.
The committee considered the bills,&c., in their
order on' the Calendar, commencing where they
left off on the last objection day.
REPRESENTATIVES OF PIERRE AYOTT.
A bill (H. R. No. 256) for the relief" of the legal
representatives of Captain Pierre Ayott.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to that bill. I
want to discuss it.
IIEIR3 OF NEIIEMIAH STOKELY.
A bill (H. R. No. 257) for the relief of Nehe-
miah Stokely, a revolutionary officer.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like, if
convenient, to have the statute of limitation read,
that is referred to in that report.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Of course not; my
objcct is to aid in the dispatch of business.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
and the gentleman will furnish the statute to the
Clerk, it will be read.
Mr. BURNETT. I am opposed to this whole
class of cases; and I object to the bill withoutany
qualification.
Mr. COVODE. I move that the committeedo
now rise. It is no use sitting here having the bills
read and objected to. This is as plain a case as
you can possibly find.'
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, in reply
