I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
■ 36th Cong. .. .1st Sbss.
Election of Speaker—Mr. (hrwin.
Ho. op Reps.
as its cause. So that we must be content to take
this freedom of the press as it has been given to
us, as we now have it, with all its uses and its
abuses; and, like wise men, we endeavor to tram-
mel up the evil consequences that follow from its
licentiousness, seeing that we enjoy all the great
blessings that follow from its proper use.
Now, the gentleman read, as the bitterest drop
in the cup, some paragraphs from the Helper
book, advising that the free laboring population of
the South, not holding slaves, shall abstain from
communication with those who do own slaves.
Now, I wish to ask gentlemen of the South what
they suppose would be the result of placing this
book in the hands of the non-slaveholding people
of the South? The question would simply be
submitted by those non-slaveholding men of the
South to the whole State, whether slavery should
be abolished or not; and if it should be determined
to abolish slavery, would anybody have a right
to complain of thatStateabolishingslavcry, more
than to complain of her for adopting it? Gentle-
men have greatly overrated the consequences of
that little book. I know you say, or you have
said, that it shows the disposition of the North to
interfere with slavery in the South. How does
it show that disposition ? It was written, as every-
body knows, by a man who had his citizenship
or habitation -in North Carolina until he left there
to go to the city of New York. Who is to blame,
then, if we may trace back effect to cause ? You
say that Mr. Seward made a speech in Rochester,
some time in the year of grace 1858, and that from
that has come the invasion of Virginia , by twenty-
three men, headed by John Brown. Sir, if North
Carolina had not brought up this man among her
own slave institutions, we nevershouUl have luul
the Helper book. No northern man has written
such a book as that; and if ho had written such a
book, is it possible that any institution existing
in a Christian and enlightened community like the
South can be overthrown by a pamphlet? In a
congregation of children of the same family, I
should avoid a subject which might disturb our
relations. I would not like to throw into the face
of my brother one of his evil habits; nor would
you, my friends.
If we had met on the 5th of December, all of us
interested in some great joint-stock company, with
a capital of ^100,000,000, and all of us desiring
to fix the dividend to the stockholders, and if wo
could not proceed to our business till we had ap-
pointed some chairman, does anybody believe that
the question of slavery would have entered into
our deliberations at all? It never would have
been heard of in the case I have supposed. The
questions would have been about the dividend.
We would say, " Let us look to the books; that
is our business." That is precisely the condi-
tion, constitutionally considered, of the two hun-
dred and thirty-seven respectable gentlemen as-
sembled here. I say that in no ironical sense at
all, because we have a certificate that we arc re-
spectable men.
Let us consider how we are to meet the diffi-
culty. I hope that no man in this Republic has
yet adopted that despa^ing idea of not being able \
to protect the civil liberties which we enjoy in j
this great Empire of ours. Suppose, then, we had j
come here on the 5th of December with tha{de- |
termination to take care of the estate which had <
been committed to our peculiar care, and which ;
has been so often spoken of as the priceless inher- j
itance purchased by our fathers. If anything is !
meant by that language—if it be beyond price— ;
then I say it is too precious to be weighed against i
Black Republicanism, as you call it; then I say i
it is too valuable to be thrown away in the wild I
turmoil of political stiifc. Now, we represent the
stockholders; and I think, in justice to'theni, we
cannot but elect a chairman to preside at this
meeting, so that we may proceed todfo the proper
business for the performance of vwmeh we have
come together. v/
Mr. Clerk, history will shov^that Mr. Sew-
ard, if he is the great leader of the Republican
party—and I have almost given up all pretensions
to their leadership since I have been loudly and pos-
itively repudiated by one side of the House, arid
some on this side have said pretty much the same
thing—I say thatMr. Seward has never uttered a
ssntmicnl, ;.nd th:.l one sz-aao'. be cited in all the
extracts which have begn quoted from his speeches
or his arguments, more offensive to the South than
Thomas Jefferson, the apostle of Democracy, did
utter. I know that my friends from the South are
too well acquainted with the history of that great
man, not to know, as 1 know, that neither Mr.
Seward, nor any other Republican—I except the
Abolitionists, for they are not Republicans, but,
on'the contrary, generally hold the Republican
party in utter scorn—I say that in Helper's book
nothing is to be found, so far as I know, more
offensive than utterances long since found in writ-
ings and speeches of the elder men of the South.
George Washington himself always said while he
lived that he should wish, if it were possible, to
see slavery abolished in the United States. I
know that Mr. Seward, whose election as Pres-
identofthe United States itis said will be the sig-
nal for civil war in this great Confederacy, has
never said anything more offensive to the South
than has been said by your embassador whom
you have lately commissioned to France, (Mr.
Faulkner, of*Virginia,) taking it for granted that
the extracts which I have seenQuoted from his
speeches are true extracts.
The eloquent gentleman wlo has just taken his
seat [Mr. Barksdale] was very much afraid of
the establishment, by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Burlingame,] of an anti-slavery
Bible. Sir, that Bible is a book without which, in
my judgment, no society can very well exist and
hope to advance in morals or otherwise. And yet
I warn gentlemen, North and South, that it is a
book which will not do for us to look to alone to
guide us in the organization of political society of
the present day. We find m the historical parts of
that book, brief sketches of the laws, usages, and
doings of (he people of the Old World, which, if
not read and pondered more carefully than such
as we are apt to do, may lead to great errors in
legislation in this age and country. We find there
enacted very much such scenes, thousands and
thousands of years ago, as we have been en-
deavoring to enact in this little sphere of ours—*
about a tenth part, I suppose, of this habitable
globe—which of itself, to the mind of Isaac New-
ton, or Hcrschell, or La Place, if they had not
been born and lived here, would seem to be a very
insignificant portion of the universe. And yet
one would suppose, from the debates we have had
here, that we really believed the happiness of all
worlds, and certainly of untold generations, de-
pended upon the election of A, or B, to stand up
there in that chair, like a " woodpecker tapping a
hollow beach tree." [Great laughter.] That tap-
ping, sir, has been to us, so far, the only exhibi-
tion of power or influence belonging to that office,
about which we have been in angry contest for
the last six weeks. We become so accustomed
to the sound that we do not think we arc in order
unless we hear that tapping. We do not think we
are in Congress unless somebody is calling us to
order, accompanied, too, by that continuous ever-
recurring tapping. But, sir, I was referring to
the allusion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts wanting an anti-slavery Bible How is this,
sir' One wants an anti-slavery Bible, and he is
sure he has it in our present version. Another
wants a pro-slavery Bible, and he is equally certain
he has it in the same sacred book. Let each be
content with his belief, and not interfere here with
that of his brother; let us not dissolve the Union
upon conflicting constructions of tho Bible. I
think it is certain that those patriarchs held slaves,
and that they transmitted them to their children;
but they did not make slaves of their own people;
and some other things are very certain. This fugi-
tive slave law that we hear so much about: I will
not pretend to go into particulars, but I think it j
will appear that it, or a rule something like it, ]
had its constructions and repeals in the Bible
time.
I think, when the bondwoman Hagar left Abra-
ham, with her master's consent—there being some
disturbance in his domestic relations, [much laugh-
ter,] the boy Ishmael, not being the child of prom-
ise, and being in the habit of making impertinent
remarks about the conduct of family affairs,
[laughter,] was sent off with his mother into the
wilderness, with a loaf of bread and a b'ottle of
water. We are told that Hagar, being exhausted
and fami.;hod by huii£c,r. laid ih-j boy down to
die, and that the Angel of the Lord came there.
If I remember aright, it is so written in that Book;
and what advice did he give to this bondwoman
and her son ? The Angel told this woman that she
was in very bad circumstances, but not to be dis-
couraged; to pick up the boy and hold him in her
hands, for he would become a great filibuster.
[Roars of laughter.] That is the English of what
the Angel said, when you use our present word for
expressing the idea conveyed by the record of this
remarkable historical fact. His hand would be
against every man, and every man's hand would
be against him. That declaration has been liter-
ally fulfilled in the progeny of that boy up to this
very hour; and the only nation that has made any
impression upon his posterity has been the French
in Algiers. The French killed off these filibus-
ters, until they have got them into some very im-
perfect kind of obedience. From the day that the
Angel of God made that prophecy in reference to
this slave boy, his progeny have gone on filibus-
tering, fighting, and robbing. This good quality
they have had, I believe, in all their history: if
you broke their bread and tasted their salt they
would die by you. I would that some of our
southern friends would treat some of our Yankee
gentlemen as well, when they go amongst them.
[Laughter.] The Angel told this mother that she
had better go back into slavery. If that Angel
hud been an agent of the underground railway,
then this mother would have been advised to take
herself and son off to Canada. [Laughter.]
So much for the historical fact. That very able
man who was the father of that boy had another
family, and they, in a generation or two after this,
were sold into slavery, and so they remained, we
are told, for four hunared and seventy years. At
the end of that time, God abolished that servitude
and repealed the fugitive slave law, very much to
the dismay and astonishment of the pursuing mas-
ters, and greatly to the gratification of those owing
labor and service to them. Then he allowed them
to go home—to their Africa, frr to speak without
figure, to the home of their fathers. That repeal
of the Egyptian fugitive slave bill, on the shore
of the Red sea, with all its incidents, is worthy of
somcaioticenow, and at all times. Wc hear much
said of women taking part in politics now-a-days.
Something very like it occurred on the occasion
to which I refer. Just as the bubbling Ueath-
groan of the Egyptian host had risen to the sur-
face of the sea, and was borne away upon the hot
breath of the winds, a woman, a notable woman,
then and there broke forth in a very remarkable
triumphal song. Miriam,thesisterof Aaron,with
all the dark-eyed daughters of the fugitive Hebrew
slaves, shouted out, " Sing ye to the Lord, for
gloriously hath He triumphed; the horse and his
rider hatn He cast into the sea." That was their
" Hail Columbia." Sir, that song of the proph-
etess has rung in my cars in day, and often in
night timej too. In my dreams of the ultimate
destiny of man, I have supposed it would ring in
the ears and agitate the souls of men, till the words
" kings and subjects, rulers and ruled," should be
lost in two words, " brothers—sisters." I warn
my brethren from the North and my brethren from
the So.uth, that they will scarcely agree as to what
are the general teachings of the Bible on this sub-
ject of slavery as practiced in our times. I think
parts of that Book very clearly inculcate the doc-
trine, which in our republican form of government
is held very sacred by us, that the laws of the coun-
try as they were established should be obeyed by
all good citizens. Certainly Christ and the Apos-
tles taught that they did not come to overturn gov-
ernments, but to search into the wicked hearts of
men, and subvert the kingdom of Satan therein.
Mr. Burlingame, I dare say, can find some au-
thority satisfactory to him for his doctrine, and
Mr. Barksdale for his; but both should draw the
true moral as philosophical Christian historians
would do, jpid agree that that Book teaches us
one lesson, at least, which in substance is, that
in a country like ours, where every man has an
agency in the making of the laws, ail should ren-
der to them obedience, until they shall be made
better or be repealed. For unless the laws are
generally obeyed, we will have nothing but an-
archy organized, which cannot be a condition
pleasing to Him who is the common father of all
Ilcnc, tho Rc publican do
that the
