1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mti
assort it, and the men who assert it, should know
better; and if they do know better, they arc guilty
of a calumny on the great majority of their fehow-
citizens.
Do not impute it to us, sir; do not say that we
endeavor to inflame the minds of the people of the
South. The object of the northern Democracy,
in my judgment, is just what it has always been
since this matter has been a matter of contest, as
I understand it, and that is, to inflame the South
against all the North but themselves, in order that
they may get political power by the aid of the
South. 1 am not in the habit of making profes-
sions; I have; no professions to make of friendship
for this part of the country or for that; but I have
listened Ions; enough to this attempt entirely to
pervert all that we profess, entirely to misrepre-
sent all that we do. I am not disposed to detract
one single iota, or to retract any profession that
the Republican party has made. That we are op-
posed to slavery in the abstract, as an actual ex-
istence, or that 1 am, (for I cannot answer for any-
body but myself,) is true. I am so. I believe it to
be a deleterious institution, opposed to the rights
of man. That I am disposed to interfere with sla-
very in this country, as it exists in the States of
this Union, is not true; and why? Because, in the
first place, I have no right to do it; and m the next
place, I have no assurance that I should be doing
any good if I did; and, as I said before, having no
right to do it directly, I have no disposition to do
it indirectly.
That I am disposed, and determined, to the
utmost of my power, by all the means that the
Constitution will allow me to exercise, and by all
the power that I can exert within the bounds of
law, as an individual, to prevent its extension into
free territory, and thus prevent the spread of its
power, is true. In that faith I have lived, and in
that, probably, I shall die. So far, I have nothing
to take back. But, sir, when you go further, and
say that in that matter we are all warring against
your lights, 1 deny it. The States of this Union
have no rights in the Territories; and the institu-
tions of the States of this Union have no rights in
the Territories. The rights of the Territories are
in the people of the United States. 1 have a right
to go there; you have a right to go there, as you
please, when you please, to take possession of that
land under the law; but your States have no rights
there; the institutions of your States have no rights
there. The Territories are the property of the
people, and of the whole people; but not of the
States, as such, or of any peculiar institutions
which may exist m any or all of them.
Mr. President, the Republican party is charged
now by gentlemen on the other side of this Sen-
ate, and by the Senator from Illinois himself,
with warring upon the South. Gentlemen here,
have admitted that we hold the doctrines that were
the received doctrines of the fathers of this coun-
try, that have been the received doctrines of the
South itself down to withm a very few years.
The honorable Senators from Virginia have ad-
mitted that public feeling and public opinion had
changed in tlie South upon that subject. Was it
not originally opposed to the institution of sla-
very in the abstract? Was it not opposed to the
extension of slavery? Did it not hold precisely
the same doctrines in regard to it anil with regard
to congressional power, that we hold to-day;
Gentlemen have admitted it. How, then, are we
warring against the institutions of the South, by
advocating the same doctrines ?
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator refers to me,
I will say that I have never admitted that we held
different opinions in regard to congressional power
from those entertained by our fathers. We may
find exceptions on the abstract question of sla-
very, but that there were exceptions in regard to
the "question of power, I made no admission. As
far as I know, our forefathers at the South did
not hold the doctrines which he holds in regard to
the territorial question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I may have misappre-
hended the Senator, then, so for as that is con-
cerned; but their opinions on slavery itself, the
Senator admits, have, changed from what they
were originally. He admits that the opinions of
many southern men at the present day, perhaps
of th(! great majority, are different from what .
they were formerly; that it is only of late days j
that they have received new light; and I think :
that the honorable Senator on my left [Mr. Ma- !
son] observed the other clay that they, knowing
the opinions of the fathers better than we did,
knew that if they lived in these days they prob-
ably would have changed theirs.
Mr. MASON. I will explain to the Senator,
if I do not interrupt him inconveniently.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. MASON. What I meant to say the other
day, and what 1 think I did say, was this: that
because of the agitation by one portion of this
Union on the question of the abolition of slavery,
the mind of the South had been brought more
deeply and considerately to ponder upon it; the
mind of the South had been brought by that agi-
tation to look further into the condition of sla-
very, and into the consequences that resulted from
it; and I was satisfied that the mind of the South
had undergone a change to this great extent; that
it was now almost the universal belief in the
South, not only that the condition of African
bondage in their midst was the best condition to
which the African race had ever been subjected,
but that it had the effect of ennobling both races,
the white and the black. Now, sir, so far as
concerns our ancestry, I am satisfied of this—and
I believe it can be maintained by the facts of his-
tory—they were not Abolitionists; they were not
for abolishing slavery. I do not know an instance
in which there was a project, before the Revolu-
tion, or following the Revolution, by the men of
that day, that it was considered wise, or expe-
dient, or practicable to abolish slavery. On the
contrary, I believe this was their opinion: their
prejudice was aimed against the foreign slave
trade, the African slave trade, and their belief
was, that by cutting that off slavery would die
out of jtself, without any act of aboKtion. I at-
tempted at one time to show, by the recorded
opinions of Mr. Madison, that the famous ordi-
nance of 1787, so far as it prohibited slavery m
the territory northwest of the Oluo, was aimed
at the African slave trade, and aimed at that alone;
the idea being that if they could restrict the area
into which slaves could be introduced from abroad,
they would, to that extent, prevent the importa-
tion of slaves; and that when it was altogether
prevented, the condition of slavery would die out
of itself; but they were not Abolitionists, far less
within the meaning and spirit of the Abolitionists
of the present day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir; the Sen-
ator admits that the feeling of the early men, the
men of the Revolution, and the great men who
immediately succeeded it, was that by restricting
slavery and the slave trade, they would so hem
it in that it would die of itself. Of course they
wanted it to die; they thought it ought to die; they
desired that it should perish. And, sir, because
the Republican party of the present day are ac-
cused by the Senator from Illinois and others of
wishing to hem in slavery so that it may die out—
as our ancestors desired and intended it should
die—it seems they are guiityof warring upon the
institutions of the South! The Senator from
Virginia has admitted all that I stated, and he has
■gone further. No one doubts—it has been proved
over and over again—that all the history of this
country down to within a very few years has
been a history, so far as the General Government
had the power, of preventing the spread of sla-
very. In later years, new doctrines have prevailed;
you have come to a time when you wish to ex-
tend it. The honorable Senator from Illinois has
not got to that position where he wishes to extend
it, but he has to that where it is a matter of abso-
lute indifference to him, as he has stated, I think,
in one of his speeches, whether slave institutions
or free institutions were chosen by a State; lie
cares nothing so that the choice is left free.
Sir, I confess that I do care. Born and bred in
a free State, I choose free institutions. I have a
love for them; and although I have no more desire
to interfere with the institutions of the slave States
than the honorable Senator from Illinois himself,
yet I cannot plead that, bred as I have been, my
heart is entirely indifferent to the question whether
a portion of my fellow—yes, I was about to say
of my fellow-citizens, but the Supreme Court has
decided that blacks are not citizcns—whether a
portion of the human race are held in bondage and
made to serve others, or not. But, sir, what T
was saying is this: the. Republican party of this
country, although I dislike to speak of parties in
this Chamber, have, as has been demonstrated,
laid down no doctrine, expressed no views, no
desire, attempted nothing, thought of nothing,
said nothing, that the men of the Revolution of the
slave States did not say; that the men who suc-
ceeded them did not say; that the people, of those
States did not say, with regard to this institution
of slavery. We hold the same doctrines now
that they held formerly; and yet we are charged
on this floor, and off it, with desiring to overturn
the institutions of our country and make war upon
our fellow-men, to carry fire-brands, arrows, and
death into the bosoms of the families of our fellow-
citizens of the South.
Sir, what further arc we told ? If we shall have
the courage, the temerity, the boldness to exercise
our constitutional rights in this Government and
elect a President of the people, on our platform,
with our views, we have been told here in this
Senate Chamber, that in such an event this Union,
which gentlemen profess so to love, was to be dis-
solved. Did it not occur to the Senator that while
he was providing against incursions from one
State into another, he might do something towards
providing for an armed opposition to a regularly-
constituted Government of the people of the Uni-
ted States? something to carry out the will of the
majority, the will, perhaps, of the people of his
own State, the will of the people of his own sec-
tion, constitutionally expressed, when, under the
provisions of the Constitution and the laws, a
President shall be elected by the great majority
of the people of this country ? When open threats
are made here and in the other House of Congress
that, in such an event, open, violent opposition
shall be made to it, it would perhaps be well to
inquire whether the legislation of this Govern-
ment ought not to be exerted to prevent that evil.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not deem it necessary
last year to introduce a bill to prevent invasions,
because I did not suppose it was possible they
would occur. I do not now deem it necessary to
put in a section in view of the election of a Re-
publican President, for it never occurred to me
that that was possible to happen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that the Senator
from Illinois is a very sanguine gentleman, and
probably h e knows his own force much better than
anybody's else, and it is very possible that he has
a higher opinion of it than anybody else. I will
not express an opinion on that subject. I do not
know what may happen; but it is very strange that
if there is no danger of it, we should be continu-
ally threatened with what will be done in case it
ever should happen. Why are gentlemen all over
this country, in this Senate Chamber, in the House
of Representatives, and elsewhere, thrown into a
flame, driven from their propriety, by a mere pos-
sibility of a thing of which there seems to be very
little chance ? Sir, the inference I should draw
from all this fire and fury is, that gentlemen were
rather apprehensive that such an event might
occur. I do not prophesy that it will; I do not
know that it will; I sincerely hope it may; but I
will say to gentlemen one thing, that if that event
should take place, I trust we shall have placed in
the presidential chair a man who will see that the
threatened consequence does not. I confess that
I should have no very great fears of it in the hands
of the Senator who has been so often alluded to—
my friend from New York.
I regard these threats, sir,as a mere electioneer-
ing trick. I have no belief in them. These dis-
eases are periodical. The threat of dissolution is
a disorder that comes about once in four years,
just before a presidential election. It has appeared
about that time for some considerable period. It
seems to have taken just about the same period
that, if I recollect my classics aright, were pre-
scribed for the recurrence of the Olympic games.
The play is to be played out once m four years,
for a certain purpose. I so understand it; the
people of the free States so understand it. Let
me tell you that they care very little about it; and
let me tell you another thing on my own account,
with reference to my own opinions: that if it is
to happen, if the election of a President of the
United States, by the people of the United States,
through the forms of the Constitution, under the
provisions of the Constitution and of the laws of
the land, by a majority, is to be considered cause
for a dissolution of the Union, then, all I have to
say is, that the sooner the question is settled the
better; because, if that alone is to produce a disso-
lution of the Union, the sooner we know it the
