2522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
it will be noticed by those who read it, assumes
that the abases which have grown out of the ad-
ministration of the laws for the public printing
have been necessary abuses. I do not think that
is so. I think these abuses have been in viola-
tion of law, and without any necessity for their
practice. I therefore prefer that the resolution
originally offered by me in committee should be
adopted. I ask that the journal of the committee,
containing that resolution, should be read; and 1
move that as a suhsfitute in the Senate for the
first resolution now reported. The resolution to
which I refer, which I desire to offer as a substi-
tute, declares that reform is required, without un-
dertaking to assume that these abuses have been
necessary.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Secretary has the jour-
nal.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will not be insisted
that the whole journal of the committee shall be
read. At twelve o'clock I want to take up the
appropriation hill. I will make the motion now
in anticipation, as it only wants live minutes of
twelve, to postpone the prior orders and take up
the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from New
York will permit me, I will renew a suggestion I
made to him yesterday. This matter of the re-
port can be kept before the Senate, but there is
urgent necessity for immediate action on the res-
olution referring the subject to the Committee on
Printing. I desire, at some future day, to have
an opportunity of answering something that has
been said by the Senator from New York. 1 think
he has assumed facts which he cannot establish
by the testimony, and I should be sorry if there
were not some further discussion on the subject.
If the Senator will consent to the passing of the
one resolution, referring this matter to the Com-
mittee on Printing, we can allow the other to stand.
Mr. KING. I should prefer that the whole
subject should be disposed of at once. I do not
think there is any necessity for this reference.
This is a subject upon which these committees
and the members composing them have conferred
freely during the whole period of the investiga-
tion; and the Committee on Printing, it has been
cxpectcd, would consider and would present to
the Senate some bill. I apprehend there will be
no difference of opinion anywhere in the Senate
that that is expected from that committee. The
testimony was printed, partly for their accommo-
dation and partly to accommodate the Pi inter,
who had the matter in type, and did not desire to
wait, a month ago, when Senators were to be ab-
sent; and all the facts are before that committee
just as well as if there were a formal reference. I
would prefer that we should dispose of the entire
subject at the same time. 1 differ distinctly from
the Senator from Louisiana, in supposing that we
ought to assume that these abuses have necessa-
rily grown out of the system. That is an ex-
pression of opinion that I do not desire to make,
and I prefer a'vote of the Senate upon it. I do
not think any inconvenience as to the business of
the Senate can result from postponing this matter
until some time when it can be taken up and dis-
posed of entirely.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Post Office
appropriation bill. It wants but two minutes of
twelve o'clock, and it is manifest that this subject
will lead to debate. 1 submit that motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from New
York consent to an order to print?
Mr. KING. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. The committee propose that
the report he printed, and two thousand extra
copies, as the same number has been printed of
the testimony.
Mr. KING. I should like to have the views
presented by the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Anthony] printed, as well as those presented by
the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot give way for this.
I hope my motion will be put.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
postpone all previous orders, and to take up the
bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OJmCK DEFICIENCY BILL.
So the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
503) making further appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department during the fis-
cal year ending the 30th of June, I860. The
Committee on Finance moved to strike out the
following proviso to the clause making an ap-
propriation for mail transportation:
"Provided, That tho Postmaster General is hereby directed
to restore the inland service on all the routes under con-
tract on the 4th of March, 1851), unless the same have ex-
pired by their own limitation, or where improved scrvice
over said routes has been furnished by railroads or other-
wise ; also, route 6042, by steamer Isabel,shall be restored, at
the rate of .$50,000 per year, from Charleston to Savannah,
via Key West, till 30th of June, 1863; and where the ser-
vice has been actually peiforined by the contractors^ not-
withstanding such discontinuance, the Postmaster General
shall pay the contiactorsas if no change had been ordered ;
but the Postmaster General shall not be required to restore
the scrvice on any of said routes beyond one daily mail
each way, nor to interfere with any changes ot service that
may have been made without reduction ot' price : Pioi ided
further, That the appropriation herein made shall be so
construed as to embrace those made by the joint resolution
£ for the relief of the contractor's of the Post Office Uepait-
mcnt,' approved 28th of March, 1860 : Jlnd provided fur-
ther, That nothing herein contained shall be construed s>o
as to renew the mail service on the Cumberland river
above Clarksvilio, in the State of Tennessee."
Mr. HALE moved to amend the amendment
of the committee, by adding after the word " Ten-
nessee, " the words "or from Kansas City to
Stockton, or from Neosho to Albuquerque," so
that the clause will read:
And provided further, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed so as to renew the mail service on the
Cumbeiland nvei above Claiksvillc, in the State of Ten-
nessee, or fiom Kansas City to Stockton, or from Neoaho
to Albuqueique.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on Mr. Hale's amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my amendment, for
tho purpose of enabling the Senator from Ver-
mont to offer one which he has prepared.
Mr. COLLAMER. I propose,after the word
" Tennessee," to insert:
Nor to restore the service on route numbered 10615
(Neosho, Missouri, to Albuquerque, New Mexico,) nor to
restore the service on route numbeied 15030 from Kansas,
Missouri, via Same Fo, New Mexico, to Stockton, Califor-
nia. No service hereby restored shall be put in operation
unices by assent of the contractors therefor, or by advertis-
ing the same in case of their rolusal. Nothing in this act
shall be taken to deprive the Postmaster General of the
power to discontinue 01 curtail any mail service, including
that hereby icstorod, whenever in Ins opinion the interest
of the public will be theicby promoted.
Mr. YULEE. I should like to hear from the
Senator from Vermont, some explanation of the
effect of his proposed amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. Befoie the question is
taken on striking out the provision of the House
bill for the restoration of mail service, I propose
to amend it by saying, that it is not to restore
those lines across the continent to the Pacific
which have been discontinued. They aie that
from Kansas to Stockton, and the one from Ne-
osho to Albuquerque. These arc the most im-
portant contained in the list of discontinued routes,
and probably they ought to be discontinued, and
1 do not know that anybody really desires to re-
store them. I therefore wish to have them ex-
cepted out of the restoration, so that, if the provis-
ion be amended in this way, and the clause, as
amended, be not stricken out by the Senate alto-
gether, the routes will be restored with these ex-
ceptions. I presume no gentleman will seriously
insist that, if the clausc is retained, these excep-
tions ought not to be made.
There are two other provisions in my amend-
ment. One is, that in restoring any service it
shall not be restored without the assent of the con-
tractor. I think that will hardly be objected to.
If a contractor has been discharged from the ser-
vice, and has had a month's pay in consequence
I' of it, he should not be compelled, after selling
out all his stock, and being dismissed from ser-
vice, to go on to that service again without his
consent; and therefore I provide that, in those
cases where servicc has been discontinued, it shall
not be put into operation again, except by the con-
sent of the contractor, or in case of his refusal by
advertising over again.
There is another provision in my amendment.
It has been insisted by some gentlemen that if,
in fact, this scrvice is restored by law, a question
will arise as to whether the Postmaster General
has power again to discontinue or reduce it. In
order to explain that, and remove all doubt upon
that point, and to exclude any such conclusion, I
have inserted in the amendment a provision that
nothing in this act shall be taken or deemed to
deprive the Postmaster General of the right to
discontinue any scrvice, whether set up by this
act or otherwise, when, in his opinion, the public
service requires that that should be done.
Mr. YULEE. The objection that I see to this
amendment, and which will oblige me to vote
against it, is, that it seems really (certainly not
intentionally on the part of my friend from Ver-
mont) to have been prepared wholly in the inter-
est of the contractors, without regard at all to the
interest of the Government. At least, such, it
seems to me, will be its practical effect. It pro-
poses to distinguish two routes as specially ob-
jectionable from all others, and to deprive the
Postmaster General of any power in respect to
them; at least, to deprive the contractors on those
routes from any benefit of the provision now pend-
ing. To that extent it is well enough, because
the Senator from Maryland has shown that these
routes ought not to have been continued; but
he, at the same time, showed several other routes
which for the same reason ought not to be con-
tinued, and I cannot understand why a distinction
should be made between these and others.
That, however, is not the point to which I pro-
posed to draw attention. His amendment has
one effect which I do not suppose was in his con-
templation. By it, the Government is to be sub-
jected to the cost and injury of the absolute and
peremptory restoration of all the service that has
been discontinued during the past year; and, in-
asmuch as there is an aspect m which it will
operate hard on the contractors, to wit: where
they do not want the service, where it is not prof-
itable for them to resume it, it is provided that
they shall not be compelled to it; and they are
released from it. Thus the Government is obliged
to put in operation whatever service the con-
tractors think will be profitable to them; and the
contractors are relieved from being obliged to re-
stock their roads in the cases in which they think
itwillnotbe profitable to them. And, then, what
further? Although the postmaster is allowed to
exercise a discretion, which is nothing more than
he would exercise at any rate, nothing more than
he has now—nothing more is broadly given to him
than he would have by your merely passing the
$300,000 appropriation, or whatever additional
appropriation may be considered necessary, with-
out any other direction to him—the effect of this
provision is to be, that where you give the Post-
master General a discretion, you oblige the Gov-
ernment, whatever may be the result of that
discretion—however certain the Postmaster Gen-
eral may be, upon review, that he had properly
discontinued, and may immediately direct to be
continued, the order of a curtailment or discon-
tinuance—theGovernmentwill bo obliged to give
to the contractors one month's additional pay.
The effect is to give a gratuity, a bounty of one
month's pay, to every contractor who has been
curtailed or discontinued in the past year, when
the Senator's only apparent object is to invest the
Department with a discretion which they can ex-
ercise just as well without investing these con-
tractors with the right to that bounty.
I have no hesitation in saying—because I have sat-
isfied myself upon that point—that the Department
will feel itself entirely at liberty to review cases of
curtailment and discontinuance, and to reinstate
service wherever they are satisfied, upon examina-
tion of the case, that it should be, if the means of
doing so is placed within their reach by the pro-
visions of this bill. I certainly cannot see how we
can escape the duty to pay, upon all curtailed ser-
vice and upon all reinstated servicc, a month's
contribution without any benefit to the Govern-
ment, whether we consider it proper to discon-
tinue or not; nnd it will be remembered that the
parties have already received, in every instance,
their month's compensation. That was the con-
dition upon which the right of curtailment was
reserved to the Government, it was the assessed
damage. The parties have received that already,
and the effect of this restoration of service will be
simply to give them a right to demand another
month's bonus from the Government, whether it
were proper to reinstate their service or not. I
cannot see how that conclusion can be escaped.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest-
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Florida
