1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that, as I
understood this case—and listened attentively to
the. reading of the jeport—there is not a particle
of evidence that this claimant ever enlisted for the
last three years of the war. The report is, that
there is no record evidence of his service daring
the last three years of the war. But, even admit-
ting that there is such evidence, I desire to say
that these officers themselves came to Congress,
and got five years' full pay; and now, when the
youngest children they can have had must be more
than fifty years old, their representatives come
here to Congress for relief.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his motion.
Mr. COVODE. No, sir; I insist on it.
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to rise.
IIEIRS or JOSEPH TRAVERSIE.
Abill (H. R. No. 258) for the reliefof the heirs
of Joseph Traversie, a captain in the revolution-
ary war. [Objected to by Mr. Covode.]
ORPHAN CHILDREN OF JOSEPH JEWETT.
A bill (H. R. No. 259) for the relief of the or-
phan children of Joseph Jewett, a revolutionary
officer, who was slain in battle. [Objected to by
Mr. Covode.]
' C. 0. DUCLOSEL.
A bill (H. R. No. 260) for the relief of Charles
Olivier Duclosel, of the parish of St. Martin, Lou-
isiana.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope gentlemen will not
object to bills in this way. They are unconscious
of the great wrong they are doing to claimants
here. I hope they will not interpose objections,
at least until they hear the bills read.
Mr. .COVODE. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CURRY. I object to debate.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the member from
Pennsylvania may be permitted to say what he
was going to say about me.
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky says that he is opposed to all those claims,
and I see no use in our sitting here.
Mr. BURNETT. I said that I was opposed to
this class of claims. 1 repeat it. They arc wrong
upon principle. I have a right, as a member of
this House, to object to any claim which I believe
to be wrong, ami I will not permit any comment
by the member from Pennsylvania on my exer-
cise of that right.
Mr. COVODE. I can object also.
Mr. BURNETT. You have no right to com-
ment on my course.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Any member of the committee has a right to ob-
ject to a bill; and when objection is made, the bill
must be passed over. >
K. K. DOEBLER.
A bill (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of R. IC.
Doebler.
The bill legalizes and makes valid the assign-
ment made by Samuel IX. Dill on land warrant
No. 10117, for one hundred and sixty acres of
land, issued 4th November, 185], which assign-
ment was made oil the 28th of November, 1851,
to R. K. Doebler.
The report states that on the 4th of November,
1851, a bounty land warrant No. ]0] 17 was issued
for one hundred and sixty acres of land to Sam-
uel XI. Dill, lieutenant in Captain Taylor's com-
pany, first regiment Mississippi volunteers, Mex-
ican war; and that on the 28th November, 1851,
the warrant was assigned to R. K. Doebler by
Dill; but that the assignment was made prior to
the passage of the act making land warrants as-
signable, and was therefore declared void by the
Commissioner of the General Land Ofiice, who
recommends, as the only remedy of the assignee,
the passage of an act of Congress legalizing said
assignment.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
VALERY LANDRY.
A bill (H. R. No. 261) for the relief of Valery
Landry, of the parish of Ascension, Louisiana.
[Objected to by Mr. Duell.]
FRANCjOIS GUILLORY.
A bill (H. R. No. 262) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of Francois Guillory.
The bill confirms the heirs or legal representa-
tives of Francis Guillory, deceased, late of the
parish of St. Landry, in the State of Louisiana,
in their claim to that tract or parcel of lands known
on the public surveys of the southwestern .dis-
trict of Louisiana as section one hundred and
eight, in township four south, range three east,
and section seventy-eight, in township four south,
of range four east, containing about one hundred
and ninety-five acres, and that a patent shall issue
therefor, as in ordinary cases: provided that
this act shall only be construed as a relinquish-
ment of whatever title may now be vested m the
United States of America, and shall in nowise in-
terfere with any valid adverse claim of other or
third parties.
It appears, from the report, that Nicholas La-
mathe, in 1797, transferred to Jacques Deshotels a
tract of land of six arpents front by forty arpents
back, containing about one hundred and ninety-
five acres, which tract was sold by Deshotels to
Franjois Guillory in 1810, through whom it is
now claimed. This six by forty arpent tract ap-
pears to be part of a tract of twenty-five by forty
arpents acquired by Lamathe from one " Pinal,
under the Spanish Government, though the title
from that Government is not in evidence, and is
said to have been destroyed in some great fire;
but all of which has, at different periods, been
confirmed to claimants under Lamathe, except
the tract now in question. Ten by forty arpents
were confirmed to Helen Soilcau, by the landcom-
missioncrsfortliatdistrictofcountry, in 1811. Un-
der the acts of Congress of 1812 and 1813 the land
commissioners divided the claims reported on into
eleven classes, placing the claims of Louis Guil-
lory for nine by forty arpents, and of Franjois
Guillory for six by forty arpents, in the seventh
class, the first six being confirmed. These two
claims by the Guillory s for fifteen by forty arpents
covered the balance of the original twenty-five by
forty arpents tract—only ten by forty of which
had been confirmed up to that time. Louis Guil-
lory afterwards made a new application for the
confirmation of his claim to the nine by forty ar-
pents tract, under the act of May 11, 1820; and
being rcported-favorably by the commissioners,
was confirmed by Congress in 1826, leaving un-
confirmed only the six by forty arpents of the
original tract now claimed by the memorialists, as
the representativesofFranyoisGuillory,deceased.
In view of the fact that there has been uninter-
rupted possession and cultivation of this tract by
the claimants and their ancestors since 1797, and
that the other parties, whose claims were upon
the same basis, have been quieted in their titles,
it is deemed that it will be but just and right to do
the same in this case, at least to the extent of re-
linquishing whatever title the Government may
have thereto, and preserving the rights of third
parties, if any such there be.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a iccomrneiidation that it do pass.
W. Y. ItANSELL AND OTHERS.
A bill for the reliefof W. Y. TIansell, the heirs
of W. H. Underwood, and the representatives of
Samuel Rockwell.
Tlie bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to W. Y. Hansell, and the heirs of W. H.
Underwood, and tin1 legal representatives of Sam-
uel Rockwell, $30,000; being the balance of the
sum of $60,000, reserved in the treaty between the
United States and the Cherokee nation, (negoti-
ated on the 29th of December, 1835,) for the pay-
ment of said claims, and misapplied by the com-
missioners of the United States to the payment
of other claims; the said sum to be distributed in
the following manner: To "VV. Y. Hansell, §11,146;
to the heirs of W. H. Underwood, §9,035; and to
the legal'representatives of Samuel Rockwell,
$10,144.
It appears, from the report, that the memorial-
ists were the counsel of the Cherokee nation, at-
tending for the spaee of three years to a great
multitude of cases in different circuits of the State
of Georgia; that they were solicited by the com-
missioner who negotiated the treaty of 1835 to aid
in the negotiation, with the assurance that their
claims should beprovidedforin the said treaty ;that
these assurances were given by the commissioner,
Mr. Schermerhorn, and the then President of the
United States, General Jackson, and the sum of
§60,000 was stipulated in the treaty to be applicable
to their claims alone. This fact is acknowledged
by the commissioners; and the fact that the treaty
could not have been negotiated without the aid of
the memorialists is also stated by Mr. Schermer-
horn, the commissioner who negotiated the treaty.
The claims of the memorialists were presented to
the commissioners appointed to carry the treaty t
into effect, and were by them referred to a com-
mittee of Indians, appointed under the twelfth
article of the treaty, for the purposes thereinspeci-
fied, who made a report allowing §21,000 for three
years' service of three gentlemen of high profes-
sional standing. Against this report the memo-
rialists protested; but it was finally agreed that
this sum should be received as an advance, the
commissioners expressly reserving to themselves
the right to review the case and do what justice
might require. Subsequent commissioners were
appointed, who disagreed in opinion upon the
claim; and ultimately, on the suggestion of the
Secretary of War, the commissioners referred the
account to seven professional gentlemen of Geor-
gia, with power to any three to act, five of whom
united in an award, which was laid before the
comtaissioners. In the-mean time, the commis-
sioners had divertcd a portion of the fund reserved
for the payment of these claims to others, leaving •
only some eight thousand dollars of that fund un-
expended, which sum the last board of commis-
sioneis, acting under the award, directed to be
paid to the memorialists, it being the whole amount
of the reserved fund which remained under their
control. The memorialists now claim that the
balance of that fund, which was created for then-
benefit alone, and which has been applied by the •
commissioners of the United States to other pur-
poses, shall be paid to them.
• The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOHN JOHNSTON.
A bill (H. R. No. 263) for the relief of John
Johnston.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think that claim
is founded upon mischievous principles. The
idea that Mr. Calhoun would have employed a
gentleman for five years, and never paid him
when he was entitled to be paid, is preposterous.
I must object.
CHARLES STII/LMAN.
A bill (H. R. No, 264) for the relief of Charles
Stillman.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Charles Stillman, the
sum of §500, m full compensation for a chaland,
or ferry-boat, used and appropriated to the public
service by the officers of the Army of the United
States, in the late war with Mexico, as a ferry-
boat for the transportation of troops andAimy
stores across the Rio Grande, at Matamoras, dur-
ing said war.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not like to
object; but it is well known that all services of
this character are paid by the proper officers. If
this man has not received his pay, there must be
some reason for it. I object.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will hear
the report read, he will see why this man did not
get Ins pay.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well; I will
withdraw my objection until 1 hear the report.
The report was read. It shows that at the com-
mencement of the war with Mexico the petitioner
was a resident of Matamoras, in the Republic of
Mexico, and the lessee of the ferry across the
Rio Grande at that place, and the owner of a cha-
land or ferry-boat, used in the transportation of
passengers and freight across the river. That a
few days before the capture of that place by the
American troops under General Taylor, in 1846,
the petitioner, as well as all other American citi-
zens, was expelled from that place by virtue of a
proclamation of General Ampudia, the Mexican
general in command of that department. That
during his absence his boat was seized by the
officers in command of the army of the United
States, and used in the transportation of troops
