558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
sooner shall we be prepared to meet the conse-
quences. I do not like to live under such a Gov-
ernment as this would be if that were the fact.
What are we, sir, if the Republican party should
prove to be a majority of the people, and elect a
President, and we are to elcct at the hazard of
"having the Union torn to pieces in that event?
Is this urged as an argument to inducc us to sub-
mit to change our policy; to abandon our ground;
to shrink before the faces of men and the threats
of men? I« that the design ? Sir, if I could yield
to it for one instant, I should be worthy to have
heavier bonds placed on me than ever were placed
on an African, and the word " slave" branded on
my forehead; and so would every man every-
where, in my judgment, who would submit to be
influenced for an instant by any such considera-
tion as that. If the day has come in this country
when we cannot exercise the constitutional rights
we have, except at the hazard of losing all the
benefits of this union of the States, which I ap-
preciate as highly as any one—if that time has
come, then, sir, a dissolution of the Union is
imminent; it is present; it exists now; for the
time has come when certain men will not submit
to the Constitution which was formed to govern
the country, and when, I trust, other men will
not submit to see it broken and themselves de-
prived of their constitutional rights. It may not
be so, sir; I may mistake entirely the nature of
the people I represent; but I shall require abso-
lute conviction before entertaining for one instant
a belief so derogatory to their character as men
and freemen.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I shall not
follow the Senator from Maine through his entire
speech, but simply notice such points as demand
of me some reply. He does not know why 1
introduced my resolution; he cannot conceive
any good motiw for it; he thinks there must be
some other motive besides the one that has been
avowed. There are some men, I know, who can-
not conceive that a man can be governed by a
patriotic or proper motive; but it is not among
that class of men that I look for those who are
governed by motives of propriety. I huu> no
impeachment to make of his motives. 1 brought
in this resolution because 1 thought the time had
arrived when we should have a measure ofpiae-
ucal legislation. I had seen expressions of opinion
against the power from authorities ho high that 1
felt it my duty to bring it to the attention of the
Senate. I had heard that the Senator from Vir-
ginia had intimated some doubt on the question
of power, as well as of policy. Other Senators
discussed the question here for weeks when i was
confined to my sick bed. Was there anything
unreasonable in my coming before the Senate at
this time, expiessmg my own opinion and con-
fining1 myselfto the practical legislation indicated
in the resolution > Nor, sir, have 1 in my remarks
gone outside of the legitimate argument pertaining
to the necessity for this legislation. I first showed
that there had been a great outrage; I showed
what I believed to be the causes that luid produced
the outrage, and that the causes which produced
it were still in operation; and argued that, so long
as the party to which the gentleman belong remains
f-mbottied m full force, those causes will still
threaten the country. That was all.
The Senator from Maine thinks he will vote for
the bill that will be proposed to carry out the ob-
jects referred to in my resolution. Sir, whenever
that Senator and his associates on the other side
of the Chamber will record their votes for a bill
of the character described in my resolution and
speech, I shall congratulate the country upon the
progress they are making towards sound princi-
ples. Whenever ho and his associates will make
it a felony for two or more men to conspire to run
off fugitive slaves, and punish the conspirators bv
confinemcnt in the penitentiary, I shall consider
that wonderful changes have taken place m this
country. 1 tell the Senator that it is the general tone
of .sentiment in all those sections of the countrv
whore the Republican party predominate, so far
as f know, not only nottodeenuta crime to rescue
a fugitive slave, but to raise mobs to aid in the
rescue. He talks about slandering the Republi-
can party when we intimate that they are making
a warfare upon the rights guarantied by the Con-
stitution. Sir, where, in the towns and cities with
Republican majorities, can you execute the fugitive
slave law5 Is it in the town where the Senator
from New York resides ? Do you not remember
the Jerry rescuers? Is it at Oberlin, where the
mob was raised that made the rescue last year and
produced the riot?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I stated, and I believe it
was all I said on that matter, that I was disposed
to agree with the Senator in his views ns to the
question of power; and that, with my views, I
should go very far—far enough to accomplish the
purpose—to prevent the forming of conspiracies
m one State to attack another, I did not under-
stand the Senator to say anything about conspir-
acies to run away with slaves; nor did I under-
stand him to say anything about the fugitive slave
law. How I should act in reference to that mat-
ter I do not know; I will meet it when it comes;
but I ask the Senator whether that was a part
of his first speech, or whether it is a part of his
reply?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator will find it several
times repeated in my first speech and the question
asked: Why not make it a crime to form con-
spiracies and combinations to run off fugitive
slaves, as well as to run off horses, or any other
property ? I am talking about conspiracies which
are so common m all our northern States, to in-
vade and enter, through their agents, the slave
States, and seduce away slaves and run them off
by the underground railroad, in order to send them
to Canada. It is these conspiracies to perpetrate
crime with impunity, that keep up the irritation.
John "Brown could boast, in a public lecture in
Cleveland, that he and his band had been engaged
all the winter in stealing horses and running them
off from the slaveholders m Missouri, and that the
livery stables were then filled with stolen horses,
and yet the conspiracy to do it could not be pun-
ished.
Sir, I desire a law that will make it a crime,
punishable by imprisonment in the penitentiary,
after conviction in the United States court, to make
a conspiracy in one State, against the people,
property, government, or institutions, of another.
Then we shall get at the root of the evil, I have
no doubt that gentlemen on the other side will
vote for a law which pretends to comply with the
guarantees of the Constitution, without carrying
any forte or efficiency in iU provisions. 1 have
heaul men abuse the fugitive slave law, and ex-
pivs.j their willingness to vote for amendments;
but when you came to the amendments which
they desired to adopt, you found they were such
as would never return a fugitive to his master.
They would go for any fugitive slave law that
had a hole, m it big enough to let the negro drop
through and escape; but none that would comply
with the obligations of the Constitution. So we
shall find that side of the Chamber voting for a law
that will, in terms, disapprove of unlawful expe-
du ions against neighboring States, without being
efficient in affoiding protection.
Mut the Senator says it is a part of the policy
of the northern Democracy to represent the Re-
publicans as being hostile to southern institutions.
Sir, it is a part of the policy of the northern De-
mocracy, as well as their duty, to speak the truth
on that subject. I did not suppose that any man
would have the audacity to arraign a biother Sen-
ator here for representing the Republican party as
dealing in denunciation and insult of the institu-
tions of the South. Look to your Philadelphia
platform, where you assert the sovereign power
of Congress over the Territories for their govern-
ment, and demand that it shall be exerted against
those twin relics of barbarism—polygamy and
slavery.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me suggest to the
Senator that he is entirely changing the issue be-
tween him and me. I did not desire to say, and
I did not say, that the Republicans of the North
wore not unfriendly to the institution of slavery.
1 admitted m3rself that I wax; I trust they all are.
It is not in that respect that I accuse the Democ-
racy of the North of misrepresenting the position
of the Republican party, it. was in representing
that they desired to interfere with the institution
in the southern States. That is the ground—that
they wen; opposed to southern rights. That they
do not think well of slavery as it exists in this
country, I do not undertake to deny. I do not
know that southern gentlemen expect us to be
friendly to it. I apprehend that they would not
think very well of us if we pretended tobefriendly
to it. If we were friendly to the institution, wc
should try to adopt, we certainly should not op-
pose it; but what I charged upon the northern
Uemocracy was, that they misrepresented our po-
sition. That we were opposed to the extension
of slavery over free territory, that we called it a
relic of barbarism, I admit; but I do deny that
the Republican party, or the Republicans gener-
ally, have ever exhibited a desire ormade amove-
ment towards interfering with the right of south-
ern men, the States, or any constitutional lights
that they have anywhere. That is the charge I
made.
Mr DOUGLAS. Mr. President, for what pur-
pose docs the Republican party appeal to northern
passions and northern prejudices against southern
institutions and the southern people, unless it is
to operate upon those institutions? They repre-
sent southern institutions as no better than polyg-
amy; the slaveholder as no better than the polyg-
amist; and complain that we should intimate that
they did not like to associate with the slaveholder
any better than with the polygamist. I can see
a monstrous lowering of the flag in the Senator's
speech and explanation. I would respect the con-
cession, if the fact was acknowledged. This thing
of shrinking from positions that every northern
man knows to be true, and arraigning men for
slander for telling the truth to them 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know it not to be true.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You may know it down in
Maine, but you do not know it m Illinois. I have
always noted that those men who were so far off
from the slave States that they did notknow any-
thing about them, are most anxious for the fate
of the poor slave. Those men who are so far off that
thry do not know what a negro is, are distressed
to death about the condition of the poor negro.
[Laughter.] But, sir, go into the border States,
where we associate across the line, where the
civilities of society arc constantly interchanged;
where we trade with each other, and have social
and commercial intercourse, and there you will find
them standing by each other like a band of broth-
ers. Take southern Illinois, southern Indiana,
southern Ohio, and that part of Pennsylvania
boidering on Maryland, and there you will find
social intercourse, commercial intercourse, good
feeling; because those people know the condition
of the slave on the opposite side of the line; but just
in proportion as you recede from the slave States,
just in proportion as the people are ignorant of
the facts, just in that proportion party leaders can
impose on their sympathies and honestprejudices.
Sir, I know it is the habit of the Republican
party, as a party, wherever I have met them, to
make the warfare in such a way as to try to rally
the whole North on sectional grounds against the
South. I know that is to be the issue, and it is
proven by the speech of the Senator from New
York, which I quoted before, and that of Mr.
Lincoln, so far as they are authority. I happen
to have those speeches before me. The Senator
from Maine has said that neither of these speeches
justified the conclusion that they asserted that the
free States and the slave States cannot cooxist
permanently in the same Republic. Let us see
whether they do or not. Mr. Lincoln says:
A house divided aeiam^t itself cannot stand I believe
thte Government cannot ciidun: pcimanc tly,half slave and
halt tiee.''
Then he goes on to say they must all be one
thing or all the other, or else the Union cannot
endure. What is the meaning of that language,
unless it is that the Union cannot permanently
exist, half slave and half free—that it must all be-
come one thing or all bccome the other? That m
the declaration. The declaration is that the North
j must combine as a sectional party, and carry on
j the agitation so fiercely, up to the very borders
| of the slaveholding States, that the master dare
I not sleep at night for fear that the robbers, the
I John Browns, will come and set his house on fire,
and murder the women and children, before morn-
ing. It is to surround the slaveholding States by
a cordon of free States, to use the language of the
Senator; to hem them in, in order that you may
smother them out. The Senator avowed, in his
speech to-day, their object to be to hem in the
slave States, in order that slavery may die out.
How die out? Confine it to its present limits; let
the ratio of increase go on by the laws of nature;
and just in proportion as the lands in the slave-
holding States wear out, the negroes increase,
and you will soon reach that point where the soil
