1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151$
and army stores at the capture of Matamoras,
and detained and used as a ferry-boat during the
occupancy of that place by the army of the Uni-
ted States until it was worn out. A letter from'the
Third Auditor of the Treasury, however, states
that the proof before him, on the application of
the petitioner to that office, shows that the boat
was first captured by the Mexican army, and re-
captured by our troops from the Mexicans, and
that for that reason the claim was disallowed by
that office. Although the Government is not
bound to indemnify or make compensation to a
citizen for property captured or destroyed by an
enemy in time of war, yet, if it is recaptured by
our Government, the title of the owner is revived,
and he may reclaim it; or, if it is retained for pub-
lic use, compensation must be made to the owner.
Two witnesses and the petitioner testify that the
boat was .worth $800. But the builder of the boat,
whose testimony is taken by the petitioner, testi-
fies that it was worth $500, and that he sold it to
the petitioner for that sum.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
FREDERICK STEPHENS.
A bill (H. R. No. 265) for the relief of Fred-
erick Stephens.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Frederick Stephens, of the county of
Kane, and State of Illinois, the sum of fifty dol-
lars, in full satisfaction for all claims on account
of services rendered as a private in the company
commanded by Captain James Sulich, in the regi-
ment of New York militia commanded by Colo-
nel Billinger, in the war of 1812; and of all claims
on account of loss of time, and expenses incurred
by reason of siekness contracted m the service.
It appears, from the evidence submitted in this
case, that the petitioner was drafted for the term
of six months, at Bainbridge, in the county of
Chenango, and State of New York, about the 1st
of September, 1814, as a private in the company
of Captain James Sulich, in the regiment of New
York militia commanded by Colonel Billinger.
That he served m said company about one month
in the wai of 1812, when he wos taken sick, and
with the pei mission of his captain retired from
the lines to a place where he could be taken care
of by his friends, and where he remained sick
until some time after the company was discharged.
That owing to some negligence or mistake, his
name is not borne upon the rolls of said company,
and for that reason he never drew any pay, even
for the time that he was in actual service. Owing
to the death of his captain soon after, the com-
pany was discharged. He was never able to get
the omission of his name upon the rolls rectified.
The facts above set forth are proved by the affi-
davit of William Piccr, who was a soldier in the
same company, and who conveycd the petitioner
from the army to his friends after he was taken
sick, at the request of his captain. The petitioner
has proved his service of one month to the satis-
faction of the Commissioner of Pensions, and
been allowed one hundred and sixty acres of
bounty land therefor. The petitioner prays to be
paid not only for the actual service of one month
which he performed, but for the loss of time and
expenses incurred during some six months of
sickness, contracted in the service.
The bill was laid aside, to bo reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MISSOURI OSAGE HOSTILITIES.
A bill (H. R. No. 130) to pay the State of Mis- i
souri the amount expended by said State in repel-
ling the invasion of the Osage Indians.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the State of Missouri the sum of
$13,084 08, being the amount of money expended
by that State in repelling the invasion of the Osage |
Indians in 1837. !
It is stated in the memorial of the Legislature
of the State of Missouri, that the policy of the
General Government has, during a course of many
years, placed upon the borders of Missouri and j
Arkansas an immense number of Indians, nearly |
equal, by .actual computation, to the effective pop- '
ulation of the two States. This policy, which
yearly receives the sanction and adoption on the
part of the Federal Government, has exposed that
frontier to great and imminent peril—a peril from
which the few forces of thfe United States upon j
that line are utterly unable to protect the citizens.
Whenever a year of scant occurs among the In-
dians, the settlements of the whites become the
theaters^ of their predatory excursions, and the
retaliation which is thus provoked leads toamur-
dcrous warfare. In 1837, an incursion was made
of this character, on the part of the Osages, into
the southwestern portion of Missouri, which it
became necessary for the military authorities of
that State to repel. Under the known rule of In-
dian warfare—which consists of a sudden and
unexpected inroad, an exterminating massacre,
and a precipitate retreat—the military force of the
United States at that period in Missouri could not
be summoned in time to meet the danger, and the
only resource for defense.and repulsion was in
the State militia. A portion of them was ordered
into the field, and the incursion was'repelled, hap-
pily without much injury. In the prosecution,
however, of this expedition, the State of Missouri
was compelled to sustain and liquidate all the
costs of the forces thus raised to defend its fron-
tier and protect its citizens, which costs amounted
to the sum of $21,146 90.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARTIN BURK AND CHARLES S. WINDER.
A bill (H. R. No, 266) for the relief of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain
Charles S. Winder, of the United States Army.
The bill directs the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury to credit the accounts of Brevet Lieu-
tenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain Charles
S. Winder, of the United States Army, with the
sum of $100 each, it being the sum they each had
in their possession on board of the steamer San
Francisco during the month of December, 1853,
at which time the steamer was lost, and which sum
now stands charged against Brevet LieutenantCol-
onel Burke and Captain Winder upon the books
of the Treasury, it having belonged to the recruit-
ing fund of the United States Army.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MRS. A. W. ANGUS.
A bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of Mrs. A.
W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Anne W. Angus, widow of Captain
Samuel Angus, of the United States Navy, de-
ceased, the amount of pay which he would have
received if he had remained in the Navy from the
date of his dismissal to the date of his death, at
the same rate he was drawing when dismissed;
and that she be placed in all respects as to pension
as she would have been had her husband not been
dismissed the service; said allowance to be in full
of all claims of said widow.
It appears from the report that Mrs. Angus is
the widow of Captain Samuel Angus, late of the
United States Navy, who entered the service in
1799, became a lieutenant in 1807, a commander
in 1813, and a captain in 1816. During ^'connec-
tion with the service he served with distinguished
bravery, and his name and deeds have received
honorable mention in our naval history. This
history states that he was wounded in several en-
gagements with the enemy in the war of 1812,
one of these wounds a severe one upon the head.
The medical testimony submitted proves that this
wound produced temporary fits of insanity, but
he was not entirely incapacitated for duty, for sub-
sequent to some of his attacks he performed a
cruise during which " his mind was rational."
During one of his mental abberrations fie wrote to
the Secretary of the Navy a rude and insulting
letter, for which he was summarily dismissed the
service by President Monroe towards the close of
his administration. A.s soon as he became aware
of the injustice he had unintentionally committed
in dismissing an officer for an act for which he
was not responsible, he wrote to his successor,
Mr. Adams, urging the restoration of Captain An-
gus to the naval service, saying, I am satisfied
that it comports with justice, as well as human-
ity,-to reinstate him." He was not, however,
reinstated, but was allowed a pension during life,
which, had he not been dismissed, he would have
been entitled to as an invalid pensioner, in ad-
dition to his pay. In consequence of his dying
out of service, his widow was deprived of right to
a pension for life'or widowhood under the exist-
ing laws, and was obliged to apply to Congress
for the passage of a special act, which she did, but
was not successful until nearly nine years after
his death, when a five years' pension was granted
her, which was renewed for a further period of
five years, andexpired on the 4th of March, 1859.
The petitioner asserts that her pension was n^t
adequate to meet the expensesofhcrselfandfam-
ily, and compelled by her necessities and the rep-
aration which she thinks is due for the wrongs
inflicted on her husband and family, she asks to be
placed in all respects as to the pay of a pension,
as she would have been if her husband had not
been dismissed the service.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not object to this bill;
but I desire to inquire of the gentleman who re-
ported this bill, how much, or how many years'
pay, does this bill provide for?
Mr. DUELL. I will state that my colleague
[Mr. Sedgwick] reported this bill. He is not at
this moment present.
Mr. CURRY. This bill provides for an appro-
priation of about sixteen thousand dollars; and I
will say to the gentleman from Kentucky that, in
my judgment, it is a very meritorious case. The
gentleman who reported the bill examined the case
with great care, and the allegations contained in
the memorial arc fully sustained by the proof.
This is a very peculiar case. When the insolent
letter was wi-itten by Captain Angus, he was la-
boring under a mental aberration. This bill sim-
ply gives his widow the pay which he would have
received if he had not been dismissed from the
service.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MARTHA SWILLING.
A bill (H. R. No. 268) to pay to the surviving
children of the late Martha Swilling, widow of
George Swilling, the pension that was due her to
the period of her death under the act of 7th of
July, 1838. [Objected to by Mr. Burnett.]
JAMES LACJSY, OF TENNESSEE.
A hill (H. R. No. 269) granting a pension to
James Lacey, of Grainger county, Tennessee.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of James Lacey, of
Grainger county, Tennessee, upon the invalid
pension roll, at eight dollars per month, begin-
ning on the 1st of January, 1860, and to continue
during the existence of his present disability.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that James Lacey was mustered into service the
5th of January, 1814, under Captain Adam Min-
sell, of Carter county, Tennessee, and on the 18th
day of May following was transferred to Captain
Everet's company, the former being discharged;
and that on the march from Fort Strother to the
Horseshoe Bend, the said Lacey took the measles,
and, from being greatly exposed in various ways,
the disease fell into his limbs, and he was confined
to his bed for two months, and has never been well
since, as the proof shows, and cannot at this time
eat his meals without assistance. He lay sick
nine weeks after^ he returned home. The proof
shows that he was an able-bodied man before en-
tering the service. The proof further shows that
there have been several pieces of bone extracted
from his hip. The said Lacey has applied to the
Pension Office for assistance; but for the want of
some proof that it was impossible for him to get,
owing to deaths^and removals of witnesses, he
was refused aid.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
JOHN MADDEN.
A bill (H. R. No. 270) granting a pension to
John Madden, of Claiborne county, Tennessee.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of John Madden,
of Claiborne county, Tennessee, upon the invalid
pension roll, at eleven dollars per month, begin-
ning on the 1st of January, 1860, and to continue
during the existence of his present disability.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that John Madden enlisted under Captain Tay-
lor, Pendleton district, South Carolina, in July,
1812; served five years, was discharged at Fort
Crawford,and paid off at Montgomery, Alabama;
then volunteered under Captain Byles, detached by
General Jackson to Florida and Pensacola; was*
