1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
will not produce enough to feed the slaves; then
hem them in, and let them starve out—let them
die out by starvation. That is the policy—hem
them in, and starve them out. Do as the French
did in Algeria, when the Arabs took to the cav-
erns—smoke them out, by making fires at the
mouths of the caverns, and keep them burning
until they die. The policy is, to keep up this agi-
tation along the line; make slave property insecure
in the border States; keep the master constantly
in apprehension of assault, till he will consent to
abandon his native country, leaving his slaves
behind him, or to remove them further South. If
you can force Kentucky thus to abolish slavery,
you make Tennessee the border State, and begin
the same operation upon her.
But, sir, let us see whether the Senator from
New York did not proclaim the doctrine that free
States and slave States cannot permanently exist
in the same Republic. He said:.
"It is an iirepvessible conflict between opposing ariden-
'luruig forces; and it means that tile United States must
and will, sooner 01 later, become «nthe  entirely a slavc-
holdmg nation or entirely a free-laboi nation."
The opposing conflict is between the States; the
Union cannot remain as it now is, part free and
part slave. The conflict between free States and
slave States must go on until there is not a slave
State left, or until they arc all slave States. That
is the declaration of the Senator from New York.
The Senator from Maine tried to make the Senate
believe that I had misrepresented the Senator from
New York and Mr. Lincoln, of Illinois, in stating
that they referred to a conflict between States. He
said that all they meant was that it was a conflict
between free labor and slave labor in the same
State. Now, sir, let mo submit to that man's can-
dor whether he will insist on that position. They
both say the contest will go on until the States be-
come ail free or all slave. Then, when is the con-
test going to end? When they become all slave J
Will there not be the same conflict between free
labor and slave labor, after every State has become
a slave State, that there is now ? If that was the
meaning, would the conflict between slave labor
and free labor cease even when every State had
becomo slaveholding ? Have not all the slavehold-
ing States a large number of free laborers within
their limits; and if there is an irrepressible con-
flict between free labor and slave labor, will you
remove thatconflictby making the States all slave?
Yet, the Senator from New York says they must
oecomc all slave or all free before the conflict
ceases. Sir, that shows that the Senator from
New Y ork meant what I represented him as mean-
ing. It shows that a man who knows the mean-
ing of words, and has the heart to express them
as they read, cannot fail to know that that was the
meaning of those Senators. The boldness with
which a charge of misrepresentation may be made
in this body will not give character to it when it
is contradicted by the facts. I dislike to have to
repel these charges of unfairness and misrepre-
sentation; yet the Senator began with a series of
innuendoes, with a scries of complaints of misrep-
resentation, showing that he was afraid to meet
the real issues of his party, and would make up for
that by personal assaults and innuendoes against
the opposite party.
He goes back to a speech of mine in opposition
to the Lecompton constitution in which I said
that if you would send that constitution back and
let the people of Kansas vote for or against it, if
they voted for a free State or a slave State I would
go for it without caring whether they voted slavery
up or down. He thinks it is a great charge
against me that I do not care .whether the people
vote it up or vote it down.
Mr. FESSENDEN". The Senator is mistaken
as to the speech to which I referred. It was one
of his speeches made on his southern tour that I
referred to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The idea is taken from a
speech in the Senate—the first speech I made
against theLecompton constitution. It was quoted
all over Illinois by Mr. Lincoln in the canvass,
and 1 repeated the sentiment each time it was
quoted against me, and repeated it in the South
ns well as the North. 1 say this: iftlie people
of Kansas want a slave State, it is their business I
andnotmine; if they want a free State, theyhave j
a right to have it; and hence, I do notcare, so far j
as regards my action, whether they make it a free j
State or not; it is none of my business. But the '
Senator says he does care, he has a preference
between freedom and slavery. How long would
this preference last if he was a sugar planter in
Louisiana residing on his estate, instead of living
in Maine? Sir, I hold the doctrine that a wise states-
man will adapt his laws to the wants, conditions,
and interests of the people to be governed by them.
Slavery maybe very essential in one climate and
totally useless in another. If I were a citizen
of Louisiana I would vote for retaining and main-
taining slavery, because I believe the good ofthat
people would require it. As a citizen of Illinois
1 am utterly opposed to it, because our interests
would not be promoted by it. I should like to
see the Abolitionist who would go and live in a
southern country that would not get over his scru-
ples very soon and have a plantation as quickly
as he could get the money to buy it.
I have said and repeat that this question of sla-
very is one of climate, of political economy, of
self-interest, not a question of legislation. Where
ever the climate, the soil, the health of the coun-
try are such that it cannot be cultivated by white
labor, you will have African labor, and compul-
sory labor at that. Wherever white labor can be
employed cheapest and most profitably, there
African labor will retire and white labor will take
its place.
You cannot force slavery by all the acts of Con-
gress you may make on one inch of territory
against the will of the people, and you cannot by
any law you can make keep it out from one inch of
American territory where the people want it. You
tried it in Illinois. By the ordinance of 1787, sla-
very was prohibited, and yet our people, believ-
ing that slavery would be profitable to them, es-
tablished hereditary servitude in the Territory by
territorial legislation, in defiance of your Federal
ordinance. We maintained slavery there just so
long as Congress said we should not have it, and
wc abolished it at just the moment you recognized
us as a State, with the right to do as we pleased.
When wc established it, it was on the supposi-
tion that it was for our interest to do so. when
we abolished it, we did so because experience
proved that it was not our interest to liav^it. I
hold that slavery is a question of political econ-
omy to be determined by climate, by soil, by
production, by self-interest, and hence the people
to be affected by it arc the most impartial jury to
try the fact whether their interest requires them
to have it or not.
But the Senator thinks it is a great crime for
me to say that I do not care whether they have it
or not. I care just this far: I want every people
to have that kind of government, that system of
laws, that class of institutions, which will best
promote their welfare, and I want them to decide
for themselves; and so that they decide it to suit
Themselves, I am satisfied, without stopping to
inquire or caring which way they decide it. That
is what I mean by that declaration, and I am ready
to stand by it.
The Senator has made the discovery—I sup-
pose it is very new, for he would not repeat any-
thing that was old, after calling me to account for
cxpiessmg an idea that had been heard of befoic
—that I reopened the agitation by bringing in the
Nebraska bill m 1854; and he tries to put the re-
sponsibility of the crimes perpetrated by his polit-
ical friends, and in violation of the law, upon the
provisions of the law itself. We passed a bill to
allow the people of Kansas to form and regulate
their own institutions to suit themselves. No
sooner had we placed that law on the statute-
book, than his political friends formed conspira-
cies and combinations in the different New Eng-
land States to import a set of desperadoes into
Kansas to control the elcctionsand the institutions
of that country in fraud of the law of Congress.
Sir, I desire to make the legislation broadenough
to reach conspiracies and combinations of that
kind; and I would also include combinations and
conspiracies on the other side. My object is to
establish firmly the doctrine that each State is to
do its own voting, establish its own institutions, !'
make its own laws without interference, directly j;
or indirectly, from any outside power. The gen- \<
tleman says that is squatter sovereignty. Call it [I
squatter sovereignty, call it popular sovereignty, jj
call it what you please; it is the great principle of \\
self-government on which this Union was formed, i|
and by the preservation of which alone can it be \<
maintained. It is the right of the people of every 1
State to govern themselves and make their own
laws, and be protected from outside violence or
interference, directly or indirectly. Sir, I con-
fess the object of the legislation I contemplate is
to put down this outside interference; it is to re-
press this " irrepressible conflict;" it is to bring
the Government back to the true principles of the
Constitution, and let each people in this Union
rest secure in the enjoyment of domestic tran-
quillity without apprehension from neighboring
States. I will not occupy further time.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this resolution until to-morrow
at half past one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. #
Monday, January 23,1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William D. Haley.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
TIIE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK announced as the business first
in order the question of order raised by Mr. Cur-
tis on Thursday last, on which the gentleman
from Virginia [IVIr. Leake] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BARKSDALE. As the gentleman from
Virginia is not here, I will occupy the floor.
Air. CRAWFORD. I move that there be a
i call of the House before the gentleman proceeds.
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 rise to a question of
privilege.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I rose for the purpose
of making an explanation in reference to some
remarks which fell from my colleague from the
Chicago district, [Mr. Farnsworth,] the other
day; but as I perceive that he is not in his place,
I will defer for the present the remarks I pur-
posed to make.
Mr. BARKSDALE then addressed the House
for two hours. [His speech will be published m
the Aj^pendix.]
Mr. CORWIN followed, and spoke for about
the same length of time, without concluding his
remarks. [His speech when completed will be
published m the Appendix.]
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes after four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 24, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guiiley.
The Journal of yesterday wasread and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
State, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 12th instant, calling for copies of any
correspondence now on the files of the Depart-
ment of State, by Mr. Stockton, the Minister of
the United States at Rome, relating to a reported
outrage on an American family at Perugia, in the
Pontifical States, and the measures taken to pro-
cure redress therefor; which, on motion of Mr.
Sumner, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Alfred
Dunham and others, praying that pensions may
be granted to the militia who served in the war of
1812, and to the widows of those who have died
or may hereafter die; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. THOMSON presented the petition of Cath-
arine Shepherd, widow of George Shepherd, a
soldier of the war of the Revolution, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Peter Van
