I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Conu. ... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Corwin.
Ho. or "Reps.
in no period of their livesarc they so well situated
for cool reason or calm reflection as immediately
after such an event. They were Americans. They
wore republicans; I do not use the terms in a party
sense. They called themselves Republicans. We
call ourselves so now; and wc do believe we are
following' in our principles this day right after
them. What I beg anybody to convince me of
is, that I am mistaken in that. When so con-
vinced, if that be possible, I shall surely acknowl-
edge my mjstake, and abandon my. present con-
victions. The great, the good as well as great
men of 1787 ordained by law that there never
should be any slavery in that part*bf Virginia
which had been ceded to the United States by the
deed of 1784. Would they nave done so if they
had considered slavery to be a good institution? 1
think not. There was no overruling necessity
for such a prohibition arising outof circumstances
unconnected with slavery. It was their belief that
thegreatest blessing they could bestow upon these
five new States was the prohibition of negro sla-
very. They thought that an industrious, intelli-
gent community of free white men, having no de-
graded labor among them, was the best commu-
nity that could be established. ,1 suppose they
had read Montesquieu, and believed with him that
without virtue, honesty, and intelligence, a Re-
public is impossible. 1 suppose that is a maxim
on which everybody agrees. They believed that
sort of system would be best promoted in a conn-
try where white men can work, by saying that
there should be no forced labor there.
1 am not considering now whether or not these
great men were mistaken. 1 only wish, at this
point, to say, that this much-abused Republican
party, so much misunderstood to-day, is acting
exactly as these men acted m 1787, who, whether
under the Constitution or under the Articles of
Confederation, forbade slavery m all the north-
western country, and forbade it because they
thought it, as all their declarations at that time
prove, a gieat evil.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The question was
then one to be settled and adjudicated, and there
is no analogy between those gentlemen and the
gentlemen of the present day.
Mr. CORWIN. I am only showing what those
men thought.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. They had a right
to think so, because it was an u-nadjustcd ques-
tion then. Now, it is a res adjiulicata.
Mr. CORWIN. I am not now treating of the
constitutional power; I am speaking of the pol-
icy; the power I shall touch presently. You de-
nounce Republicans because they think that negro
slavery is an evil. I am showing, from our well-
authenticated history, that Republicans have the
same opinions, as to slavery and its evils, as those
held by the men who founded our Government.
I prove this by what they did and said.
[Here Mr. Corwin was interrupteU by a ques-
tion from the other side.]
Mr. CURTIS. I beg gentlemen to allow the
honorable gentleman to go on with his remarks;
for, if he enters into conversational discussion
with those around him, only a very small portion
of the members can hear him.
Mr. CORWIN. It is not of much account to any-
body but myself. What I mean to say now—and
I hope all sides of this House will understand me to
say—is, that if the men of 1787 had believed that
slavery was not only a benign institution, but one
that was friendly to the white man in that climate,
they would not have prohibited it. They were not
the kind of men to do anything for party expe-
diency. They were not contending as to who
should hammer this House to order. They were
laying deep the foundations of this mighty Em-
pire; and they acted under the profound respons-
ibility which such a condition of things imposed.
They spoke with sincerity; they acted with sin-
cerity, in the presence of that God who they be-
lieved, and I believe, had most manifestly bared
his right arm in every battle-field of the Revolution
in favor of our right of self-government and in-
dependence. They, then, seeing that there was a
territory not yet comprehended within the limits
of any State, "having no power to do anything as
a @tate, prohibited the existence of slavery therein.
That is what they did; and such men must have
done that act for the reason that they believed it
right, and thought, as we Republicans think, that
slavery is a great evil, at least m any climate where
white men and free laborers can live and work.
That territory of Virginia, which she claimed
under a very old charter, was no longer the terri-
tory of Virginia. It was regarded as territory ac-
quired by the common blood and treasure of the
people of the Confederacy, just as your territories
won from Mexico; ana, under these circum-
stances, they then declared: " We will, under this
Confederation, agree that there shall be no slavery
in this territory, thus won by the common blood
and treasure of us ail." They so ordained; and
they made it a matter of compact forever between
the existing Government that every State formed
outof that territory should always exclude sla-
very. I do not say what effect that would have
under our modern notions about compacts. Per-
haps, in modern times, we might believe that a
State, after it came into the Union, no matter what
bargain it made to get in, was such a mysterious
and omnipotent sovereign that all obligations
! passed from it, and ceased to have binding effect,
i lie this as it may, my purpose is now to show
| what were the views of those men, the founders
j of our Government, respecting slavery. That is
I the fact I* wish to show.
j Now, then, suppose another Territory tp be
I acquired by the common blood and the common
! treasure of the United States, in a latitude like
that of the Northwestern Territory. The Repub-
lican party say, "We will exclude slavery from
that Territory as the framers'of the Constitution
under the Confederation did exclude it from just
such territory as that." And if we do that, are
we to be charged with an attempt willfully to
subvert the institutions of this country and to do
wrong to the South? If those old fathers of the
Revolution—our fathers, the fathers of our nation,
the authors of all that we boast of and all that is
around us—if they acted in this way, may you
not pardon us for doing just as they did? Are
we not, at least, excusable for entertaining the
opinion that it would be better to confine the in-
stitution to its present limits, or certainly to ex-
clude it from a new Territory, as they did? If
you*thmk they acted well and wisely upon this
subject, it is your duty, under like circumstances,
to imitate their example, not calculating too curi-
ously, as they did not, about a few dollars' worth
of slave property, which you may not be able
to sell, or carry with you into each Territory;
but considering,as4heydid,andponderingdeeply
and profoundly, what is to be the effect upon the
people who are to live in the Territories, from
generation to generation and from time to time,
during the whole period of man's history in the
world. Well, you will say, they may have been
wrong. Admit that irreverent, preposterous sup-
Eosition, and answer me, boastful, self-sufficient,
democracy, do you blame us for having an affec-
tionate regard for the memory of those old men,
and a fixed belief that their acts were wisely and
well done, and might be safely imitated by the
Democratic sages of 1860? 1 hope you will not
say that 1 am out of order, on either side of the
House, when I declarc, in the presence of God,
that I do believe, that if we had twenty of these
very men in this House, this question would not
even be mooted, and we should have organized
in one day. Wc do not work as they worked;
we do not talk like them; and, worst of all, we
do not think as they thought.
Why are we, 1 ask again, to be denounced as
bad men for desiring to act as our fathers acted?
We wish to do just what they did under similar
circumstances. We desire, if the country gives us
j the power, to do all things rightly; and in doing so,
i we turn to the bright examples of better days for
I our guide. Unhappily for us, the North and the
j South have no confidence in each other, and mad-
I ness rules the hour. You think you have diverse
i and opposing interests. This is all a mistake, a
| great mistake. Whatever promotes the interest
of Alabama and Mississippi is, in a national point
! of view, equally favorable to the interest of the
State of Ohio. One gentleman has spoken of Ohio
as an empire State. If she be such a State, is not
Alabama made stronger by her connection with
a strong rather than a weak State ? In any na-
tional conflict Alabama has a powerful ally. In
this view, it is too plain for argument that every
State is interested in the prosperity of every other,
and each in the prosperity and happiness of all.
We are not rivals, we are brothers. And here I
may ask, without egotism, why is young Ohio so
powerful? Kentucky is older by many years;
whilst, with a climate and soil unsurpassed by few,
perhaps none, in the Union; with a people sur~
passed by no community for enterprise, for cour-
age, for constancy, for ail the qualities which give
character and influence and just pride to States,
Ohio certainly, from some cause, has very far
exceeded her elder sister in developing1 wealth,
population, and all that constitutes a strong and
powerful State. Why is this so ? The cause, I
think, will be found in facts which giv-e Ohio no
cause to boast of herself, but in that very insti-
tution which forms the topic of all this debate.
Kentucky is my native State. I knew her well;
I knew her great men, and love them and honor
them; but Ohio and her, side by side, joined in
heart as well as neighborhood—look at them, and
rou wiH see the difference between them to which
refer.
I referred to our unnatural alienation of friendly
feeling, as exhibted here, both North and South.
How often has my eloquent young friend from-
Massachusetts been quoted with the most wither-
ing severity of comment? If Mr. Burlingame has
spoken, m a fervid oiation, of an anti-slavory Bi~
ble, cannot you indulge that ardent, honest, gifted
younggentleman in a little rhetoric ? [Laughter.]
Do you suppose that he wants to bring up a new
Bible or a new God ? He conies from a Chris-
tian community; he sprang from an old race of 0
Christians. He thought he had found in the *
Bible something that is contrary to the relation
between master and slave; and so he did; and he
formed his speech accordingly. Treat him kindly;
show him his error, if you deem it error; this is
your duty. Both of you are mistaken, allow me
to say, m supposing that you are to get out of
the Bible any very specific authority for your re-
spective dogmas. You had better lake the Con-
stitution for your basis, at least. Reason with
him and with us. Persuade us, if you can; but
let me tell you that whatever opinion you may
have of northern men, you should know you can-
not drive them. If northern men conceive there
is occasion to stake their lives, they do not hold
back from doing so. There is history, that may
be studied with profit, touching this matter.
My colleague, Mr. Cox, spoke of a meeting
up n the western reserve in Ohio. He is a young
gentleman, a rising man, and, if he does not get
bad habits upon the Democratic side of the House,
may come to somethingsome day hence. [Laugh-
ter.] He amused himself with the comic power
he possesses in imitating the nasal twang of the
Yankees of that reserve. It sounded strange to
you, as it did to him; and so it did to the army of
Prince Rupert at Marston Moor, when the an-
cestors of these men rushed into battle against
the mailed chivalry and curled darlings of the
court of Charles I. What happened then ? Some-
thing worthy to be noted, and not forgotten.
Stout Cromwell and his unconquerable Ironsides,
when the day was well nigh lost, charged with
resistless fury upon the proud columns of that
host of gentlemen, as they were boastfully de-
nominated, an(J lo! Prince Rupert and his host
were no longer there. They were scattered as the
dried leaves of autumn are before the storm-blast
of the coming winter. That same nasal twang
rang out, on that day, their well-known war cry,
*(the sword of the Lord and Gideon.These Yan-
kees arc a peculiar people; they are an industri-
ous, thriving, pains-taking race of men. The frail-
ties of these men grow out of their very virtues,
those stern virtues which founded liberty in Eng-
land, and baptized it in their own blood upon
Bunker Hill, in America. They will do so again
if there is a necessity for it. It is a hard matter
to deal with men who do verily believe that God
Almighty and his angels encamp round about
them. What do they care for earthly things or
earthly power? What do they care for kings, and
lords, and presidents? They fully believe they
are heirs of the King of Kings. In the hour of
battle they seem to themselves to stand, like the
great Hebrew leader, in the cleft of the rock; the
glory of the most high God passes by them, and
they catch a gleam of its brightness. If you come
