560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24.
Buskirk, praying to be allowed a pension as com-
missary during the war of the Revolution; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLINGMAN presented a paper in favor
of the enactment of a law to extend the jurisdic-
tion of the district courts of the United States in
the State of North Carolina, and to compensate
the clerks; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of Mrs. Perry, widow of
Commodore M. C. Perry, to a pension; which,
with the papers in relation to the claim on the files
of the Senate, were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of Jonas P.
Levy, in relation to liis claim against the Mexican
Government; which, with the petition and papers
on the files of the Senate, relating to the claim,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of West-
field, Morrow county, Ohio, praying that the mili-
tia who served in the Indian wars, and in that of
1812, may be placed on the same footing in regard
to bounty land as those who served in the war
with Mexico; which was referred to tlio Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of Henry Car-
roll and others, citizens of Minnesota, praying
the establishment of a mail route from New Ulm,
via Leavenworth, to Fort Ridgely, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of Charles
McCloskey, praying that the pension now re-
ceived by him may be increased; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of
Buffalo, New York, praying the establishment of
a harbor of refuge at the mouth of Grand river,
oil Lake Michigan; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Alice Hunt, widow of Thomas Hunt, formerly a
captain in the Army, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee 011
Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Amherst
Crane and others, praying that pensions may be
granted to the militia who served ill the war of
1812, and to the widows of those who have died
or may hereafter die; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr, POWELL presented the petition of Flo-
rian Kern, praying the reimbursement of expenses
incurred in raising a company of volunteers for
the Mexican war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented the
petition of Laura Ilumber, widow of Captain
Charles H. Humber, of the Army, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to (he
Committee 011 Pensions.
Mr. DAVIrf presented the petition of Henry
Lace and others, praying that the militia of the
Indian wars, and of 1812, may be placed upon the
same footing, m regard to bounty land, as those
ivho served in the war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
He also presented a letter of Rev. T. II. Mitch-
ell, a chaplain in the United States Army, asking
that chaplains in the Army may be allowed ser-
vice rations and a servant, like commissioned of-
ficers; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
He also presented the petition of Alfred Dun-
ham and others, praying that the militia of the
Indian wars, and of that of 1812, may bo placed
on (lie same footing, in regard to bounty lands,
as those who served in the war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of
Thomas M. Newell, praying to be allowed the
same rate of damages tor the detention of money
due lum, as was exacted and paid by him to the
United States under similar circumstances; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims,
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the petition of
Keziah Pritchett, formerly the widow of David
Moore, praying to be allowed a pension; which
■Syas referred to the Committee 011 Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John C. Carter, a lieutenant
in the Navy, piaying to be allowed the balance of an appro-
priation made by tile act for his iclief, passed February 13,
1855, on the files of the Senate, be referred to tile Commit-
tee on Naval Affaiis.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Lieutenant T. A.M. Cra-
ven, praying additional compensation during the time he
was in command of the expedition to make an exploration
and verification of the surveys made for a ship canal near
the Isthmus of Danen, to connect the waters ot the Atlantic
and Pacific by the Atrato and Truando rivers, 011 the files
of the Senate, be leferted to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
On motion of Mr. DURKEE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the Domestic ami Foreign
Missionary Society of the Piotestant Episcopal Chuich, at
Green Kay, Wisconsin, on the files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to tiie Committee 011 Private Land Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
102) to secure the wages of seamen in eases of
wreck; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. IVERSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 9) in relation to the pay of dropped or
retired officers of the Navy, who have been re-
stored to their original positions on the active list;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Oliice, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 10) in addition to " An act to promote
the progress of the useful arts," reported it with
amendments.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the report
of the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the
House of Representatives, in relation to the con-
tinuation of the compilation of the American State
Panoup, reported in favor of printing- the same;
and the report was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred amotion to print Ihe report of the
Secretary of the Senate, showing the names and
compensation of the persons employed 111 Ins
office during the year 1859, reported in favor of
printing the same; and the repoit was agreed to.
lie also, lYom the same committee, to whom
was referred amotion to print the report of the
Secretary of War, communicating Major Bar-
nard's essay on the dangers and defenses of New
York, reported in favor of printing the same; and
the report was agreed to.
PRINTING 0V REPORTS.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Committee on Pensions
on the petition of Maiy Kveits bo printed.
On motion of Mr. SAULSRURY, it was
Ordered;, That the report of the Committee on Pensions
on the petition of William Alien be printed.
On motion of Mr. SAULSBURY, it was
Ordered^ That the report of the Committee on Pensions
on the petition of John Pickell be printed.
TERRITORY OF DAKOTA.
Mr. RICE. I offer the following resolution;
and, if there be no objection, I ask for its present
consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories he in-
st 1 neted to i eport u bi 11 for tin1 organ i/ation of Dakota, which
shall include all of that portion of the former Terntory of
Minnesota not embraced within the limits of the State of
Minnesota, or such other boundaries a* said committee may
deem best for the public interest.
Mr. CLAY. I object to the consideration of
that resolution at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 103) to provide for the public printing, bind-
ing, engraving, and lithographing; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say, before I move
the reference of that bill, that, in the preparation
of it, I have been greatly indebted to the labors of
Mr. George Taylor, formerly a member of the
House of Representatives. He prepared a bill
two years ago with a great deal of care, and I
have borrowed largely from it. With that ex-
planation, 1 move the reference of the bill to the
Committee on Printing.
The bill was so referred.
PUBLIC PRINTING INVESTIGATION.
Mr. KING. I ask the Senate now to consider
a resolution which I offered the other day, in re-
gard to an investigation of certain matters con-
nected with the public printing. I suppose that
it will not occupy much of the time of the Sen-
ate.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution, submitted by
Mr. King, on the 19th instant:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to in-
i)uue and icpoittothc Senate whether $11,000, or any other
f.um or sums, were paid by the Public Printer, or any paity
who executed piintmg or binding for the last Congress or
the Executive Departments, tor the use oi benefit of any
poison or party conducting a newspaper, or to aid in the
support of any newspaper establishment, and especially
whether any such payment was made to or tor the benefit
of the person or party interested in the publication of the
Washington Constitution, lately called the Union, the
Pennsylvaman, or the Philadelphia Argus; whether any
contract was made, or any understanding hud, at any time
during the last Congress, or since tho 3d of March last, be-
tween Mr. Bowman, late Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, who was on the 17th instant elected Piinter to the
Senate, and the Printer for the Senate or the Executive
Depaitments, during the lo«?t Congress, by which the said
Bowman was to receive £20.000 oi other sum a year from
such Printer while such Printer should have the piintmg
and binding of Congress or the Executive Departments,
payment oi said $20,000 or other sum a year to cease when-
ever such printing and binding should in whole or in part
be withheld lioin such Pnntei oi paity contracting to pay ;
whether anything was paid by such Puntei or party to said
Bowman, and if anything, how much ; whethei any, and
if any, what other amount, was levied for any newspaper
or other puipose upon the Public Punter or any paity or
parties who executed public printing, or was paid by such
Printer or party, or withheld out of the pi ice fixed by law
for punting fioin anv party who executed public punting
for Congress or the Executive Depaitments ; and whether
any membei of the Cabinet, or any officer of the Govern-
ment, was abetting or privy to any such contract, under -
standing, levy, or payment, or the withholding any putt of
the pi ico fixod by law tor printing from anv person oi paity
who e.veuted the panting. And the said committee are
instructed to inquire and report what reduction ought to
be made in the pi ices now paid lor public printing For
the purpovs ot tins resolution, the said committee are
authoiucd to examine witnesses, and to send for persons
and pupcis.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. KING. There is no number designated
in the resolution for tho committee. I do not
know whether there is any fixed number by the
rules; but I will move that the committee consist
of five members, to be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
TJEIUUTOKI AX POLICY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no fur-
ther petitions or reports, tho business next in order
will be tho resolution offered by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pugh.] It may give rise to some de-
bate; and as it is within five minutes of the time
appointed to call up the special order, the Chair
will call it up, if there be no objection.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 hope the special order
will be called up by common consent.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the consideration
of the resolution of the Senator from Ohio be as-
signed for to-morrow, at half past one o'clock.
'The VICE PRESI DENT. As a special order ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the resolution offered by the Senator from Ohio,
in relation to the expediency ofrepealing so much
of the acts organizing the Territories of New
Mexico and Utah, as requires the laws passed by
said Territories to be submitted to Congress for
approval or rejection, be made the special order
for to-morrow, at half past one o'clock.
Mr. GW1N. I suppose, if the Senator wishes
to address the Senate on that occasion, there will
be no objection; but I do not think it is well to
accumulate special orders m this way on the Cal-
endar. It will embarrass legislation. 1 take it
for granted the Senator wishes to address the Sen-
ate; and I do not think there will be any difficulty
in the way by general consent, without making
it as a special order. Let him withdraw the
motion.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
INVASION OF STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
