188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Corwin.
Ho. op Reps.
ill conflict with the purposes of such men, they will
regard duty as everything, life as nothing. So it
appeared in our war of the Revolution. The gen-
tleman from Mississippi said that the North got
more revolutionary pensions than the South. I
do not know how that is. How did it happen ?
Gentlemen teil me they would not have pensions
in the South. I am glad if it be so.
I happen to know professionally something of
revolutionary claims for lands. Virginia, when she
ceded the Northwestern Territory to the United
States, reserved all the lands lying between the
Little Miami and Scioto rivers, to satisfy the claims
of her troops in the Virginia line on continental
establishment. A large district in Kentucky had
been taken up to satisfy the same class of claims.
All the reservation in Ohio has been absorbed,
and still land warrants come, and scrip has been
granted; and the Virginia line on continental
establishment is not yet satisfied. Sir, it has
seemed to us that the army of Xerxes might have
all claimed and been satisfied before this time.
But this is all aside and apart from the proper
subject before us. I am not now, never have been,
and never will be, one to so far violate history
and good taste as to draw invidious distinctions
between this or that State or colony, who, by their
combined valor, won the independence of all the
States. While I must always venerate the men
of New England of that day, I still turn with un-
abated admiration to those of the South, especially
to Virginia—glorious "Old Dominion," illustri-
ous alike for her heroes in war and her sages in
peace; and if it depend on vote or effort of mine,
* the last land warrant of the last descendant of her
revolutionary heroes shall be located on lands, if
such can be found, rich as the delta of the Nile;
in a climate, if it be possible, healthful as was
Eden ere yet sin had brought death into the home
of the first family of man.
Mr. Clerk, it is my wish to show that the Repub-
lican party, which proposes to prohibit slavery in
Territories, is, in that principle, following the ex-
ample of the men of the revolutionary period, both
before and after the adoption of the Constitution.
The ordinance of 1787, prior to, or rather eotem-
porary with, the Constitution, shows thatthe men
who, under the Confederation,enacted that ordi-
nance, thought it most wise and beneficial towards
slave arid free States both to prohibit sluveiy in
the Northwestern Territory. Now, if these men
were wise men—if they were patriots—then what
is the Republican party? It proposes to con-
tinue their policy; to imitate their example; to fol-
low in their footsteps; and this is all on the sub-
ject of slavery which we propose to do. Were
the men of 1787 wrong, then indeed in this par-
ticular is the Republican party wrong. If they
were right in the policy which dictated the ordi-
nance of 1787, then is the Republican party right,
and the Democratic party wrong—totally, entirely
wrong. But you say this ordinance was not en-
acted under the Constitution, but prior to it; and
that under and by virtue of the Constitution, we
have no power to prohibit slavery in Territories by
acts of Congress. Let us now sec whatthe fathers
said on that subject; and, particularly, let us ob-
serve what they did. I must insist on the point
of examining into what the elder men of the Re-
public did,for this reason: these men made, pon-
dered, studied, adopted the Constitution. Ihey
had great veneration for it; and all of them who
acted under it, whether in legislative, executive,
or judicial capacity, took a solemn oath to sup-
port and not to violate it. If they were honest,
(and I think that we will scarcely dispute it,)
then, if they did violate the Constitution, they
were ignorant men, and did not understand their
own work as well as we sages here assembled. I
think the characteristic modesty of this House
will scarcely assert the latter proposition !
Passing by many facta in our political history
which thiew some light on the subject before, let
us pause a moment at the year 18:20. Not long
before this time we had passed through our second
war with Great Britain. At that time, I began to
look out upon the political affairs of the world
with that interest which both novelty and import-
ance would inspire m all young: minds. I read
the arguments in the Missouri case with a great
deal of care. Although the sentiment of the coun-
try was generally against m<\ I then formed the
opinion that Missouri had bright to come into the
Union with slavery. I thought that right was
founded upon the treaty stipulations by which
that Territory was acquired. The treaty, rati-
fied as it was by the Senate, two thirds of that
body conaurring, became, in the language of the
Constitution, "the supreme law of the land."
What was Louisiana when we acquired her ?
Anybody who knows the history of the times,
will know what she was. A little settlement, old,
it is true, but so small in population that it would
be made by the Yankees of this day in a very few
months. What was the reason of that acquisi-
tion ? All who have looked into the current his-
tory of the West, from 1790 up to about ^803,
know that western men, the ancestors of those
who. now boast so much of our loyalty to the
Union, were threatening to break off from those
now living east of the Alleghanies, and to make
an independent confederation west of it, and to
forcc free trade to the sea through the mouth of
the Mississippi. Jefferson was alarmed, and the
whole country was alarmed, as you will see if you
read the debates of 1802 and 1803, in and out of
Congress, while this matter was going on. Every-
body West demanded that we should go into war
with Spain, because she would not let us trade
through the mouth of the Mississippi; and most
eloquent and impressive speeches were made, en-
forcing the idea that there was danger of a west-
ern secession, unless trade was made easy to the
Gulf of Mexico through the Mississippi River.
Mr. Jefferson, without any constitutional author-
ity whatever, as he himself thought and openly
avowed, authorized our ministers m France to ne-
gotiate for the purchase of Louisiana, which had
then but recently fallen into the hands of France.
It was to avoid war that it was done. That was
the motive. Itseems,by the subsequentpurchases
of Florida, and more recently of California and
New Mexico, that there was authority for acqui-
sition all the while lurking in the treaty-making
and war-making powers.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I merely stated the fact
that the crowning achievement of Mr. Jefferson's
administration was the acquisition of slave terri-
tory. I did not say how much slavery there was
in the Territory. 1 asserted the fact, which the
gentleman from Ohio will not undertake to deny,
that it was slaveholding tcriitory; that slaves in
the territory were recognized as property; and ;
that the Government pledged itself by the treaty
to protect all species of property recognized as
such in the territory. I stated the fact in reply
to the remark the gentleman from Ohio had made,
in a speech delivered very soon after the com-
mencement of this session, that the policy of the
fathers of the Republic was to restrict slavery,
and not to allow its extension.
Mr. CORWIN. I stated that it was not in-
tended to augment slavery; that they had no mo-
tive of thai kind. I have shown what their motive
was in acquiring that territory; and while it was
their policy to purchase Louisiana for the reasons
I have stated, I think Mr. Jefferson's then well-
known opinions of slavery render it certain that
he desired to restrict, and not increase, slavery.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman admits
that there were a few slaves in the territory. If
it had been the policy of Air. Jefferson to restrict
the institution of slavery, would it not have been
done in the treaty > The fact that it was not done, :
shows that Mr. Jefferson did not intend to re- i
strict it. ;
Mr. CORWIN. I admit the full force of the ,
gentleman's remark; but does the gentleman be- ,
j lie ye that, m the exigency which pressed upon Mr. i
S Jefferson with such force that he was willing to
j violate the Constitution, as he believed, which he
| had sworn to mam lain, he would stop to consider
whether he abolished slavery there or not?
Mr. BARKSDALE. One word. Toshowthat
this subject was considered by Mr. Jefferson, and
by the Senate, the treaty-making power, slave
property was expressly protected by the terms of
i the treaty. Slaves were held there as property,
j and the gentleman from Ohio admitsitjand, if they
| had been hostile to the institution of slavery, would
it not have been abolished in the territory, or, at
least, provided against by the treaty under which
we acquired the territory?
Mr CORWIN 1 p-'.-vj that if an Abolition-
ist, such, for example, as Mr. Giddings, had made
that treaty, he would have abolished slavery there,
or tried very hard to do it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. We are not discussing
Mr. Giddings's views; we are discussing the views
of the fathers of the Republic.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi will allow the gentleman from Ohio to go
on with his argument. He has stated these things
over three times already.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I take it that the gentle-
man from Ohio can take care of himself, and will
not undertake to shield himself behind you.
My remark this morning was, that such was
not the principle of the fathers of the Republic;
and to show that, I stated the fa<5t that Louisiana
Territory had been acquired by Mr. Jefferson;
and that, by the terms of the treaty, made by the
President and the Senate—the fathers of the Re-
public—slave property was protected If they had
desired to restrict it, it could have been done ia
the treaty by which we had acquired the Terri-
tory. And I desire to say, that so fttr as I am
concerned, I deny the authority of the treaty-
making power, under the Constitution, to restrict
slavery;and—but I am arguing the question from
the stand-point of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GROW. I now object to any further in-
terruption.
Mr. CORWIN. I doubt very much whether
thatPirstConsul,thatLittleCorporal who was in
command in France at that time, would have ever
signed a treaty which abrogated any right that
any of the people ceded away had at that time.
We know that when the treaty was completed, it
has been always said, and 1 believe it, thatNa
polcon refused to put his signature to it, unless
we agreed to admit the people of Louisiana into
our confederacy of States, with all the rights en-
joyed by those who were already in the Union.
He was in arms for liberty then; he proclaimed
himself then " the armed soldier of freedom,"
and would not have given up that colony, as he
called it, for all you could have offered him, but
that he had no navy to protect it. He was at war
with England, and he knew that England with
her navy would take his colonies from him. He
was therefore glad to get rid of them. ThatTer-
ntory would have been a point of weakness to
France then, just as Canada would be a point of
weakness to England now, if she were in a war
with us. That was Napoleon's idea, and that ar-
ticle ii) the treaty which secured to Louisiana the
right to enter into the Confederacy was inserted
at the request of Napoleon, and, no doubt, at that
time, it showed his sincere admiration of our Gov-
ernment. He would not sign the treaty till that
was put in, in such terms as (treaties being the
supreme law of the land) must prevail over any
of our notions of slavery. And Louisiana and
Missouri would not have teen admitted at that day
without that clause in the treaty,although I think,
without such treaty, they would m time have been
admitted without it.
Now, I do not say that it was the policy or the
wish of the founders of the Republic to disturb
the relations of property that existed when they
acquired any territory. They left Louisiana just
as it was; so they did with Florida, in 1819.
Slaves were property there when we acquired that
territory, and they remained property; and Flor-
ida came into the Union with slavery. Arkansas
was admitted in the same way. Hut in that part
of the country comprehended within the Louis-
iana purchase lying north of latitude 36° 30',
covered by what is called the Missouri compro-
mise line, there was no population—no white men,
no slaves, no property to be affected; and there-
fore slavery could properly be prohibited there.
That was the view which the men of 1820 took
of that subject. That has been called a compro-
mise; and the legislation of 1850 has been called a
compromise. Why, I know not. I apprehend that
none of the men of that day voted for a law which
they believed compromised away or violated the
Constitution of the United States. Certainly, no
Congress should be lightly charged with such hor-
rible infidelity to themselves then, and their pos-
terity. They never thought they were violating
the Constitution, and compromising away a piece
of it, when they passed the Missouri restriction.
1 hi \ maintained Jh ir pooitivji. of justice aiwl fidol-
