2524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
volvingareconnoissance and careful scrutiny of eight thou-
sand seven hunercd and twenty-three post route?, with
respect to many of which, including all those so cheum-
stanced as to admit at all the idea of a reduction being prac-
ticable, a laborious examination was made of the postage
yield of ail the offices dependent on them for their mail
supplies, and their connections and dependencies, as asso-
ciated with other routes, were diligently weighed—a work
which, requiring a much larget expenditure of time than
the usual office hours would allow, was nevertheless
promptly and faithfully pursued to its completion by those
officers of the Departmentto whose hands it was committed.
"Jt is proper to ooscrve that, besides the failure of the
appropriation bill,-of which these curtailment were the
' more immediate result, there were other considerations
which would have induced the Department to scrutinize
the condition of the postal service of the country, and to
institute such refoims as a sense of duty and justice might
appear to demand, hi the lapse. of years since any such
general examination had been made, abuses had unavoid-
ably crept into the service, so that in many places much
more expensive arrangements existed than were justified
either by the i pioductiveness of the loutes,' or any of
those ' other cncum^tances' to which the act of 1805 re-
quires the Postma&lei General to have icgaul in providing
for the transportation of the mails; while in others, the
comparatively inferior provision made to meet the postal
wants of the communities interested might have furnished
ground for complaint, when contrasted with that enjoyed
by the more favored localities. If, therefore, the appropti-
ation bill had not failed, it would, nevcitheless, have been
eminently proper, as tune and opportunity might have
served, to have revised the service with a view to the dis-
continuance of useless and unjustifiable expendituies, arid
the extension to neglected ncighboihoodsoi suchnnpioml
facilities as the means thus saved would have rendered
practicable, and their just claim to equal consideration
would have entitled them to demand.
"I avail myself of the occasion to say that the action
of the Depaitment in making the, reforms alluded to in the
annual report, has never been icgarded as conclusive and
irreversible. On the contraiy, it has been held as open to
reexamination; and when a ca>e has been presented in <
which it was insisted that injustice had been done, it has 1
been careiully levised under all the lights which could be '
brought to bear upon the question; and vaiious orders foi
discontinuance and cmtailment have been thus icvokcd
and modified. The same course will be pur.-ued hereatter,
and if, in view of the means which Confess may place at
the disposal of the Depaitment, a t-ouiul p< lic> foi its ad-
ministration •shall seem to justify the ie-tniation of any
mail seruce which has been discontinued, in whole or in
part, such restoration will be oidered."
This being tin* principle which the Postmaster
General says will govern his action in regard to
all those discontinued and reduced services, it
seems to mc altogether unnecessary to pass a pro-
vision of the character of that which the commit-
tee propose to strike out.
Mr. OOLLAMKR. I take it the gentleman
does not object to my amendment if that provision
is not stricken out.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not see the necessity of
the amendment if we strike out the whole sec-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose yon do not5
Mr. PEARCE. I propose, in the mean time,
as ho desires to amend it, to |< t the amendment
go. Still, I shall vote for striking out the whole !
of it, believing it can be best left to the enlightened ,
discretion of the head of the Department, who has j
shown by this letter,that he isdisposed to restore j
ihe service upon proper principles. I have no j
doubt that many of the routes discontinued or re- !
duced,otherthan thosewhich have been especially !
named in the bill, oughtto have been discontinued 1
or reduced; and I know the Postmaster General |
is so much better acquainted with the facts and j
circumstances attending all this service, than we ;
are, that he is far better qualified to judge about I
it than we can be, and his own letter shows we |
need have no apprehension of a failure to restore j
service either discontinued or curtailed, if the facts :
will justify him in doing it. I
Mr. HEMPHILL. I wish to hear that por-1
tion of the amendment read relating to route ;
8076. !
The Secretary read it, as follows: j
Not to restore the service on route 8070, fiom San An- !
tonio to San Diego. '
Mr.COLLAMER. Ifynuwill mad thatamend- j
ment in connection with the bill, the bill only re- J
stores the service which lias been discontinued, i
That part of the original service from San Antonio 1
to Ei Paso has not been discontinued at all, and ,
of course this has nothing to do with that. It is '
only the other piece, the other end, that has been j
discontinued. We say that that shall not be j
restored over the San Diego loute. j
Mr. HEMPHILL The honorable Senator is i
mistaken. The route has been discontinued. It j
was discontinued at first between El Paso and i
Fort Yuma, and thus the line was left cut in two j
parts. The lino that ran from San Antonio to i
El Paso was not discontinued, nut eight hundred
miles, from El Paso to Fort Yuma, which left
the portion from Fort Yuma to San Diego, about
two hundred and thirty miles, still continuing and
belonging to the same contractor. That latter
portion of about two hundred and thirty miles,
from Fort Yumato San Diego, has since that time
been discontinued; and there has been about two
hundred and seventy miles of the route from San
Antonio to El Paso also discontinued. That from
El Paso back to Camanche Springs is the portion
curtailed.
Mr.COLLAMER. When?
Mr. HEMPHILL. About two or three months
ago—I do not recollcct exactly when—to com-
mence on the 1st of this month. Whether the
Butterfield line, as it is called, has been put upon
that route since the 1st of May, which was in-
tended, I do not know. Some proposition, I un-
derstand, had been made to the contractors for
route 8076 to continue the service from Camanche
Springs to El Paso, or some proposition to have
the service continued by them, and not put the
Butterfield line upon it, which is nothing but a
letter mail.
Something has been said about this route from
San Antonio to San Diego not producing more
than $601 as revenue through the year. I wish
to have read a report from the Postmaster of San
Antonio, and a letter from the Post Office Depart-
ment, showing that that statement must be incor-
rect; that it is not possible but what there must
be a greater amount; and that this amount of $.601
must really have been taken from the military
posts. Itccrtainly could not have been taken from
the main offices at the end of the line, from San
Antonio or El Paso.
Mr. COLLAMEU. I did not state that.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I know the Senator did
not state it; but it was .stated by tiie Postmaster
General, and referred to by the honorable Senator
from Maryland, and this route has been com-
mented upon heie as being a useless line on that
account. I will show, by a letter from the Post
Offic.o Department, as \vTell as by a letter from the
postmaster at San Antonio, that the main letter-
bag from San Francisco to New Orleans and from
New Orleans to San Francisco, could not have
been counted in. I beg the Secretary to read the
letter from the postmasteratSan Antomo,to show
what this line is,and how much mail matter it
carries.
The Secretary read,as follows:
Post Omer, San Antonio, Thxas,
Fein urn y 13, 1K>0.
Sir: In answer to yours of the 11th ultimo, I herewith
be<; to repoit—as tegauU the mail matter which leaves this
othee by loute No. N<)/G, fiom San Antomo,via Forts
Cbu kc, Lanca^tci, Da\ i->, Quitman, Camp* Hudson, Stock-
ton, Van Camp, San Elizario, and IMetn, to El Paso, it is of
pe.it impedance, not only to citizens of the above places
and San Antonio, hut to the eighth military department,
wIkm- he.idquaitois are stationed at this point. Forrefei-
enee, £ will relet jou to a communication fiom Genetal
Twiggs, commanding this department, to the Postmaster
(ienei.il, hieh is on file at the I>< pnitment.
The weight of the last mail, which left this office, Feb-
ruary 3, was • letter-bag for El Paso, the whole of New
Mexico, Arizona, and this side of I>os Angeles, California,
win twenty-live pounds ; the paper mail to the above place*,
was two canvas imps, which weighed one bundled and
twenty pounds; the thiough letter mail-bag to San Fian- i
n- co, California, w a-> twenty-three pound*, lx ing neatly all
letteis. \Va> mail letter- bap: between iiere and El Paso, fur- !
iti-hmg the above-named mihtaiy po<>t-, was forty pounds, i
and two canvas hag*, weighing one hundred and fifty-three j
pounds, making hi all three hundred and sixty one pounds ;
which is not an average, for 1 can say of the mail, that
theic is near live hundred poumb\mail matter that goes up
tins toute each tup, with a constant increase of both let-
ters and papers; and if it was changed to a weekly line,
the increase would still he laigrr. which fact showed it&elf
befot c this route was cut down to a semi-monthly line ; tor
the mails that wont up, and were made up at this office,
wete nearly as latgc as now.
The mail bag coming down weekly trips weighed thirty-
one pounds, being neaily all letters, and for this point and
ea-tem poition nfthts State and New Orleans. The above
we,ght was exclusive of the through New Orleans letter-
bag iiom San Piancisco, Califot ma, which vanes in weight,
irom littcen to forty pounds, and which is nearly an
average weight of said mail.
Amount of mail mattei >ent from this office varies from
e g!u TOMXteen dollars, the last mail of the yd instant being
£ir> "-2"). paid by , tamp*., and to points as per h«t inclosed.
And, in conclusion to the above statement, I would make
one mote suggestion, to show the impoitatice ol the mail
route from here to Atir.oua. That Territory being covered
with mine-, a gieat many of which are in active working,
and all the tmneial wealth being hauled thiough San An-
tonia to the Gull coast, which brings the owners of these
mines, or those mteiestod, in direct communication with
San Antonio; ami whereas, by all appearances, ihat Ter-
ritory is fast being settled up, and the miners drawing their
supplies to a great extent from San Antonio and New Or-
leans, a weekly or semi-weekly mail becomes evidently
indispensable, not merely to San Antonio, but in every re-
lation to the Federal Government.
Respectfully yours,
HENRY L. KADAZ, Postmaster.
To William If. Dundas, Esq.,
Second Assistant Postmaster General.
P. S.—I would like to be instructed fromtheDepartrnent
if £ should retain the through New Orleans expie?-s mail
bag, which is brought up by Giddings's* (contractor) expi ess
for the icgular day of departure of the El Paso route, No.
8076; or am J at libeity to tend it, and whatever mail mat-
ter I have in my office, with said cxpiesa mail weekly?
An early answer is solicited.
Respectfully, your obedient servant.
HENRY L. KADAZ, Postmaster.
Mr. HEMPHILL. The amount of that let-
ter 
Mr. PEARCE. I was about to say what the
gentleman does not seem to understand, that this
route has not been wholly discontinued^tliat the
service is still performed under a curtailment by
order of the Postmaster General, between San
Antonio and El Paso. It is now semi-monthly.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I said a few minutes ago
that there was a mistake. It has been discon-
tinued two hundred and thirty miles this side from
El Paso to Camanche Springs.
Mr. YULEE. Because the same service is
done 
Mr. PEARCE. By another route that runs
over the same contract.
Mr. YULEE. There were two lines running
over the same contract.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I beg leave to correct the
honorable Senator. The same service wasnotper-
formed, and could not be performed, because the
route through on the San Antonio route—the But-
terfiold line—only carries letters—nothing olso.
Mr. YULEE. It ran two hundred and thirty
miles on the same route on which Buttcrfield's
line rati, at all events, from Camanche Springs to
El Paso.
Mr. HEMPHILL. The Butterfield line was
thrown in on'that route two hundred and thirty
miles further back than it ought to have been.
Mr. YULEE. They do not require coachcs to
carry newspapers.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I suppose the people of
El Paso would like to have a newspaper. Some
of the officers certify, from some of the posts upon
that route, that they would like to have a news-
paper at least once a week. The information con-
tained in that letter from the postmaster at San
A ntonio is condensed by the First Assistant Post-
master General about as follows.
u I am informed by the Second Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, that he ha* received but one report, and that is from
the postmaster of San Antonio, under date of 13th Feb-
ruaiy, 1S60, relative to the weight of the mails conveycd
by the oveiland route, via F-l Paso. Jn that report the post-
master states that the weight of maiN £oing out from his
office average* about five hundred pounds por trip; and the
weight of the local mails comin« into his office by that loute
about thirty-one pound.s per tup, in addition to a thiough
bag fiom San Francisco to New Orleans, weighing lrom
fifteen to forty pounds."
. And I take it this through bag consists of let-
ters. The mail from San Francisco, being the
Butterficld route, carries nothing but letters; but
that carries letters from San Francisco to Fort
Yuma, and then to El Paso, where it joins with
this line. Perhaps I had better explain about the
line from San Antonio to San Diego. It was cut
off, after the Butterficld route was put on, first
from El Paso to Fort Yuma. Then, some months
afterwards, the line from Fort Yuma to San Diego
was cutoff; and in the mean time the service from
San Antonio to El Paso was incieased from a
semi-monthly service to a weekly scr\ice. In
April last, after the failure of the passage of the
bill by Congress making appropriations for the
Post Office Department, this line was cut down
again by the Postmaster General from a weekly
service, from El Paso to San Antonio, to a semi-
monthly service. In Consequence of the great
weight of the mails, being too heavy to be car-
ried m a semi -monthly service, without taking two
coaches, instead of one, the contractor, foi a poi-
tion of the time, has run the stages weekly, as it
was before it was cut down to a semi-monthly
service. It was upon this route, No. 8076, on
which the Postmaster General ordered the post-
masters on the route to give the contractor the
mails weekly, provided he came under an obliga*
tion not to demand any other compensation, and
