1580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
an orderly sergeant, and in loading his pistol, as
ordered, it accidentally fired, and bursting, caused
liim to lose his middle finger and part of the fore
finger, disabling him in that hand ever since.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move a clerical amend-
ment to the bill. I know Mr. Madden. He is a
constituent of mine, and lives in Campbell, and
"not in Claiborne county. I move that " Camp-
bell" be substituted for " Claiborne," wherever
it occurs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,] who made
the report, what reason there is for this bill, and
why it is that the name of this party cannot be
placed upon the pension roll at the Department
without special act of Congress?
Mr. STOKES. The case has not been before
the Department at all. From the facts and proofs
in the case, it was clear to the minds of the com-
mittee that Mr. Madden was entitled to relief,
having served in his country's service, and hav-
ing received a wound.
Mr. STANTON. I do not propose to object
to the bill. It is a small matter. The proofs
show that lie is entitled to it under the general law;
and I do not see the necessity for the passage of
this bill.
Mr. STOKES. It is as clear a case as ever was
presented to this House. The rules at the De-
partment are so stringent, that the Commissioner
of Pensions is m the habit of rejecting claims
upon mere technical objections. Because some
surgeon was not living who saw this soldier
woiuidrd, and because such proof was not pre-
sented, this claimant was refused to have his claim
acknowledged at the Pension Office. The com-
mittee was of the impression that the case was a
good one; that the proofs were clear; and they,
therefore, upon the grounds of equity and justice,
have recommended that this bill ought to pass.
This claimant received a wound in the discharge
of his duty. [Cries of " Let it pass !"]
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am opposed to extend-
ing the law; and I object. ,
The CHAIRMAN. Then the bill must be passed
over.
CYKENUS C. BLACK-MAN.
A bill (H. R. No. 271) granting a pension to
Cyrenus C. Blackman, of St. Helena parish,
Louisiana.
Mr. STANTON. Precisely the same objec-
tion applies to this bill that was made to the last
bill.
JAMIiS MADDUX AGAIN.
Mr. CRAWFOIID. Upon an explanation
whie.h my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes)
gives me, I withdraw my objection to the bill
granting a pension to James Madden, if 1 have
the general consent to do so.
Mr. WASHBURNli, of Illinois. I hope that
all objections will be withdrawn to these pension
bills.
Mr. STANTON. I objected to the other ease
upon the ground that I thought it was a case
which ought to come m under the general law. 1
think it is right. I shall withdnlw my objection,
if the gentleman from Georgia withdraws his.
Mr. BURNETT. We cannot get along if gen-
tlemen are permitted to withdraw their objections.
1 do not object to these cases, however.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clmir hears no ob-
jection to the case of James Madden.
There was no objection; and the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
CYRENUS C. BLACKMAN—AOAIN.
A bill (H. R. No. 271) granting a pension to
Cyrenus C. Blackman.
The CHAIRMAN. Is objection withdrawn
to this bill? ,
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my objection.
Let the bill and report be read.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Cyrenus C.
Blackmail, of St. Helena parish, Louisiana, upon
the invalid pension roll, at $22 50 pcrmonth, be-
ginning on the 1st of January, 1860, and to con-
tinue during the existence of luspresentdisability.
It appears from the report, which was read, that
Cyremis C. Blackman wasalieiitenantin Captain
, Hardin's company in the war of 1812, discharged
at New York, wounded by a cut on the hand by
an Indian, and has been disabled ever since. The
proof shows that he is disabled three fourths
of his time. His middle finger was amputated,
affecting his shoulder very much. He was in the
battle ofLundy's Lane.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
ADELAIDE ADAMS.
A bill (I-I. R. No. 272) granting a pension to
Adelaide Adams, widow of Commander George
Adams, United States Navy.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Adelaide Adams,
widow of the late Comjnander George Adams, of
the United States Navy, on the pension roll, at
the rate of thirty dollars per month, and to pay
her a pension at that rate from the 9th of June
1858; and continue during her widowhood.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that the claimant, Mrs. Adelaide Adams, is the
widow of Captain George Adams, of the United
States Navy, who entered the Navy in the year
1818, and died on the 19th of April, 1856, at Balti-
more, Maryland, of a disease contracted in the
service. It appears that the only objection to
allowance of her claim at the Pension Office was
owing to the construction of the phrase " line of
duty." From the evidence submitted there can
be no doubt that the disease of which Captain
Adams died was contracted whilst he was in the
line of his duty. Doctor James C. Palmer, a
surgeon in the United States Navy, certifies " that
the late Commander George Adams, before being
detached from the receiving ship Ontario, at Bal-
timore, called my attention to the fact that he had
a cough. He was soon after relieved from com-
mand of the Ontario, and passed out of my pro-
fessional observation; but I learned,after the lapse
of many months, that he had a constant cough,
with other symptoms of pulmonary consumption.
When next I had opportunity to observe, he was
in an advanced stage of the said disease, of which
he certainly died. I do believe, fiom what I heard
of his history, that he had a continuous cough
after leaving the Ontario, and it is my opinion that
the disease of which he died probably originated
with that cough; in which case, it seems to me a
reasonable conclusion that he died in consequence
of exposure incurred d uring a period when he was
engaged in continuous acts of duty." Dr. G. W.
Miltenbergcr, of Baltimore, who attended Com-
mander Ailams afler he was detached from the On-
tario, cei tijirs, under oath, that the disease of which
he died " commcnced its ravages while he had
charge of ihe Ontario." Lieutenant Henry Ro-
lando, who served with Commander Adams on the
Ontario in the year 1851, states that he remembers
distinctly the sufferings of Commander Adams
from " an inflammatory disease, accompanied with
a cough, which I have no doubt was the develop-
ment of the disease of which he subsequently
died." Mrs. Adams has five infant children de-
pending upon her personal exertions for support,
end she is in very indigent circumstances.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
MICAJAH IIAYTKUS.
A bill (II. .R. No. 273) for the relief of Micajah
Hawlces.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Micajah Hawkcs,
of Eastport, in the State of Maine, on the roll of
invalid pensioners, and to cause him to be paid
a pension, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month,
being half*>of his pay proper, to commence with
the 1st day of January, 1859, and to continue
during his natural life.
It appears from the report, which was read, that
j Micajah Hawkins was an assistant surgeon in the
' navai service of the United States in the-war of
1812, and was acting in that capacity on board
the Hornet at the time of the celebrated engage-
ment of that ship with the British sloop-ol'-war
Peacock. He was honorably discharged May 10,
1813. It is equally clear that he is now totally
disabled, at the age of seventy-four years, is des-
tituto as well as helpless. Three physicians and
; surgeons of high standing in his vicinity give it
11 as their decided opinion that his disability, which
jj has been of longstanding, is entirely in conse-
ii quenco of the accident which, as he alleges, befell
him while in the line of his duty on board the
Hornet. The chief point of difficulty in his case
is with regard to the proof of the original injury.
His own statement is, that soon after the Hornet
arrived at New York he was called on to visit a
sick man at one or two o'clock in the morning;
the vessel at that time being under repair, and ev-
erything about her being in confusion and disor-
der. In passing to the patient he fell into the hold
of the vessel; and that the result was an injury of
the small of the back, less serious at first, but
which has constantly increased, until he has long
been unable to move without help.
As to this original injury, Mr. Hawkes fur-
nishes no statement but his own; nor can he do
so. He continued to serve as assistant surgeon
until honorably discharged, and the rolls furnish
no proof of his disability. It further appears that
there is but one other survivor of this^cruise of
the Hornet, namely, Commodore Forrest, now
absent in command, of the Brazilian squadron.
His testimony cannot, therefore, be obtained at
present; nor is it certain that it would avail the
applicant anything if procured. The narrative of
the applicant is consistent with itself, and with
the opinions of the medical gentlemen on file. He
produces the certificates of the best men of his
vicinity in favor of his application, and his integ-
rity and honorable standing are heartily indorsed
by Hon. Stephen C. Foster, of this House,
and by Hon. T. J. D. Fuller. The applicant
has given a truthful statement of his injury, and
of its effects. The reason of the great delay in
asking for a pension has been, that by his practice
of medicine he was enabled to support himself
without calling upon the Government for that as-
sistance which long since liewas justlyentitledto.
The bill was laid aside, to bo reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
TIMOTHY OA VAN.
A bill (II. R. No. 274) for the relief of Tim-
othy Cavan, an invalid pensioner.
The bill was read.
Mr. BURNETT. When does the pension
commence ?
TheCHAIRJMAN. Accordingto the bill, from
the date when he was discharged for disability to
the time he commenced to receive a pension un-
der a special act of Congress in 1849.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is not allow-
able at all.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
NATHANIEL SMITH.
A bill (H. R. No. 275) for the relief of the chil-
dren of Lieutenant Nathaniel .Smith, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Ccrry.]
HANNAH M'DOWELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 276) for the relief of Han-
nah McDowell.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Mrs. Hannah
McDowell, widow of James McDowell, late a
lieutenant in the third regiment United States ri-
fles, war of 1812, upon the pension roll, under
the act of February 3, 1853, at the rate of $12 50
per month, commencing on tlie 29tli of May,
1854, and terminating on the 4th of July, 1859.
From the report, it appears that Hannah Mc-
Dowell, the widow of Lieutenant James Mc-
Dowell, applied for the benefit of the act of Con-
gress passed the 3d of February, 1853, on account
of the services of her said husband, who was a
lieutenant in Captain Robert Campbell's compa-
ny, third regiment United States ritles, in the war
of 1812, and who was an invalid pensioner at the
rate of fifteen dollars per month, commencing on
the 1st of March, 1852, and terminating on the
29th of May, 1854, when he died. The said Han-
nah McDowell was granted a pension under the
said act of February 3, 1853, at the rate of $12 50
per month, commencingon the 4th of July, 1859,
the date of the completion of her proofs, the custom
of the Pension bureau. She now claims that her
pension should commence at her husband's death
—say May 29, 1854; and adduces, in suppoit of
her claim, the decision of Hon. Attorney General
Black in the case of Mrs. Sarah Hunt, of Alabama,
who decided, on appeal, that her pension should
commence from the date of the act, say February,
1853, or from the date of her husband's death;
and upon said decision, the Commissioner of
Pensions did pay several cases; but in hers, as in
