1-800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
m%5
that ever performed service from the Gulf to the
Pacific. It appears, however, from the report of
not to ask Congress for any other compensation,
or the compensation for weekly scrvice.
I will say to the Senate that this route, No. 8076,
is one of the most important, if not the most im-
portant, route in Texas, disconnected even from
its being one of the great overland routes. It was
the first overland route that was ever established
in the United States. It*is the first mail route
it ever per;
cific. It a_
the Postmaster General, that this route is not
considered as of any special value, 1 should take
it. He states in ins report:
"Tina semi-monthly was, on the 29th day of October,
1858, jmptovtd tu a week!} service between San Antonia
and El Pas>o, arid El Paso and Fort Yuma; and the com-
pensation wad hxed at$196,000. The product of the route
dunng the year, as already shown, was but §601—a loss
to the Department, at the rate ol ^193,399 per annum. With
this conclusive indication of it-; want of importance and
value for postal purposes, I directed that the sei vice should,
on the l&t of July last, be put on its original footing of a
semi-monthly mail, and reduced tins allowance to the con-
tractors to ^120,000. Whatevei objects political or oth-
erwise, may have been contemplated by the Government
In establishing this route through an almo>t unbroken wil-
derness and desert, it is clear that its continuance, at the
present rate ot compensation, is an injustice to the Depart-
ment. It may be convenient for the very few passengeis
that pass between Texas and San Dic^o; but, a-> a mad
accommodation, it is not required in the diieetion of the
Pacific, since the people of Texas have aheady securcd to
them a regular postal communication with that coast,
through New Orleans, and also by the great oveiland mail.
But it would be better that this mail—one of the highest
known to the Department—should be sent even by the way
of New York toCdhfornia than that the correspondence ol
the whole country should be oppressed by this enormous
exaction for the benefit of a few contractors.''
Now, I will state to the Senate that this is the
only line of communication from the capital of
Texas to its frontiers on the Rio Grande to Ei
Paso. It is the only line of communication from
all the coast of Texas to our frontiers upon the
Itio Grande. As one very important portion of
the collection district of Galveston is on the Rio
Grande, this is the only line of communication
from the collector at Galveston to his deputy col-
lector at El Paso. It seems to me to be extremely
cool on the part of the Postmaster General to rec-
ommend us to send the mail which we are obliged
to send from the capital of Texas, and from the
coast of Texas, to ou^fronticrson the Rio Grande,
by overland mail, o rby New Orleans. For in-
stance, if the collector at Galveston wished to send
a letter to his deputy collector at El Paso, he is
recommended to send his letter to New Orleans,
to go up the river a thousand miles, or go around
by the Pacific coast, I do not know how many
thousand miles, eight or ton thousand, and then
let that letter land on the Pacific coast at a greater
distance from the deputy collector at El Paso than
it was when it started fiom Galveston. Pie says
it might be sent even from New York to Califor-
nia at a cheaper rate than it could be sent by this
route.
This route,Mr. President, accommodates all the
post offices between San Antonio and the Rio
Grande. It accommodates all the military posts
on that route, which military posts would neces-
sarily have to be supplied by express from the mil-
itary department, and 1 will read a letter from the
commanding general of that department, which
shows the value that he places upon this route.
This is a letter from General Twiggs, the com-
mander of the department, to Colonel S. Cooper,
the Adjutant General of the United States Army:
"Headquarters Department or Texas,
San Antonio, May 2,1859.
" Colonel : Mr. Geoige Gidding^, one ot the contractors
for carrying the mail thiough lrom San Antonio, Texan, via
El Pa^o, New Mexico, to San Diego, California, informs
me that mstiuction's have been issued fiom the Post UlTicc
Depaitmcnt cutimgdowu his mail service fiom weekly to
semi-monthly trips after the 1st proximo. I write to say,
that 1 uust tins order may be suspended. On tins mail, we
are dependent for the rapid transmission of all military a*
well as civil correspondence with the western posts of
Forts Inge, Clark,Lancaster, Davis, Quitman, to say noth-
ing of the iuipoitantexpeditions under Captain Stoneman,
second cavalry, and Lieutenant Echols, topographical en-
gineers.
"This mail service has been rendered tor nearly or quite
two years, and lias never, duting this whole time, been an
hour behind the schedule tune, and most generally lias been
irom twenty-four to forty-eight hours in advance of it."
I will state in relation to this that the schedule
time from El Paso to San Antonio is thirteen days;
but the service has always been performed in
about five days and a few hours.
Then tliero is a petition signed by officers of the
Army and citizens of El Paso and Rio Grande
valley.
To the Postmaster General of the United States:
The undersigned citizens of the town of Ei Paso, Texas,
would most respectfully and earnestly beg that an order
lately issuedirom your Department, reducing the service on
the San Antonio and San Diego mail line to semi-monthly
in lieu of weekly trips, as heretofore, be countermanded.
Said weekly mail from this point to San Antonio is of the
greatest importance to this valley, as also to the interme-
diate country between this and San Antonia, and to the
people of New Mexico ; that our commercial relations and
dealings are almost exclusively with San Antonio; that
our only dependence lor news-paper intelligence and for
communication with our State government is through the
medium of said line, as by the terms of the Butterfield con-
tract, neither newspapers nor periodicals are carried.
We, as supporters of the Administration, deeply deplore
the present condition otyour Department, yet we feel that
sheer justice and an equality oi political rights and privi-
leges with our fellow-citizens of other sections of the
Union should entitle a community so large as that in whose
bchalfwe petition, to atlcait one newspaper mail perweck.
Very respectfully subminittud.
Signed by Lieutenant VV. II. Jackson, Albert Rhett,and
otheis.
I will ask the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads if he
knows that, since the curtailment of this line from
El Paso to Fort Yuma, the post offices on the
line have been supplied with newspapers by the
Butterfield contract?
Mr. YULEE I am not able to inform the
Senator. I have had no occasion to make an in-
quiry on the subject. I take it for granted that
the Department has provided for the transporta-
tion of printed matter.
Mr. GWIN. I will say to the Senator from
Texas, that I was informed by the Assistant
Postmaster General that they have agreed to do
it temporarily, until the Postmaster General could
provide for permanent service; and that he had
applied to the piescnt contiactors, Giddings &
Co., and to others, for that permanent service.
Mr. HEMPHILL. 13ut from El Paso to Fort
Y uma'
Mr. COLLAMER. From El Paso to Fort
Yuma is part of the Butterlield route.
Mr. HEMPHILL. It was part of this line
originally, and this line carried newspapers. Now,
1 wish to know whether the Butterlield line car-
ries newspapers on that part of its loutc? I think
not.
Mr. GWIN. I have been told that the con-
tractors on the Butterfield route have earned all
the mail matter from Ei Paso to Fort Yuma.
Mr. HEMPHILL. My information is the re-
verse of that, although I have not got it in a sat-
isfactory way. The reduction of this route from
a weekly to a semi-monthly service, has been a
serious injury to Texas. The whole of the com-
mercial transactions of the people in that portion
of the country, and those on the other side of the
river, in the town of El Paso, and in the State of
Chihuahua, aie with Lavacca, in Texas, or with
Galveston. The large merchants there buy their
goods m Now York,and they tire aentfrom there
to Lavac-ca, and from there they aie taken over-
land to El Paso. The effect of the discontinu-
ance of thisroutefromaweeklytoasemi-monthly
service, while the Butterfield route was continu-
ing to run from El Paso to St. Louis semi-weekly,
was to throw all communication from our own
coast to the north, to St. Louis, to alienate the
people of our own counties, on our own territory,
from their own capital, and to direct all their com-
merce, and all their interests, and all their feel-
ings towards the northern line. It seems to me
that would strike every Senator as being unjust to
Texas, as being very seriously detrimental to her
interests, and I should suppose it would be re-
garded as unjust to the people of Louisiana, and
all the southern States, as this is a line that runs
directly from New Orleans to San Antonio, and
from there to El Paso, and so on, by the Butter-
field route, now, to San Francisco.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I do not think
the Senator can fairly complain of any injustice
to Texas, or any disregard of her interests in this
particular. I have not before me the table which
shows the expenditures in the different States ot
the Union; but if my memory serves me aright,
something like seven hundred thousand dollars^
year has been expended for postal service in
Texas. Now, sir, this route produces, as the
Postmaster General says, in two different places
in his report—for he mentions it in the general
summary of thes,e mails in the West—and also in
his special statement—and he mentions its product
in each place at the same sum*—$601; and I rather
think if we come to an estimate of the amount of
the mails as reported, not the time this weekly
service was in operation, but now, when the semt-
monthly service is what is performed, we sh.afr
find that about twenty-five pounds of mail matter
twice a month, and the other amount of printed
matter stated by the gentleman, would not give
much more than §601; but go to double that
amount, and what motive is there for keeping up
a service at the rate of $200,000 a year that yields
so little?
Mr. WIGFALL. With the permission of the
Senator from Maryland 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 will give way for a brief ex-
planation, but I do not want a speech interjected.
Mr. WIGFALL. I only wish to furnish a
fact, in order that the Senator may comment on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland yield the floor?
Mr. PEARCE, For that purpose, certainly.
Mr. WIGFALL. Fools, you know, give facts,
and philosophers give reasons. I do not propose
to interfere further than that. On the 2d of May,
1859, General Twiggs wrote the following letter
to Colonel Cooper, Adjutant General of the United
States Army:
" Headquarters, Department of Texas,
"San Antonio, May 2, J859.
" Cot.onft, : Mr. George Giddings, one of the contractors
for carrying the mail through from San Antonio, Texas, via
El Paso, New Mexico, to San Diego, California, informs
me thut instructions have been issued from the Post Office
Department, cutting down his mail feervice fiom weekly to
semi-monthly trips, after 1st pioximo."
Mr. PEARCE. If the gentleman will pardon
me, that was just read by his colleague.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then there are two others,
One is from Mr. Dundas. Was that read by my
colleague?
Mr. PEARCE. I cannot tell until I hear it.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then I will read it:
Washington, November 29,1859.
Tlease make up the letter mail once a week for New Or-
leans, Louisiana, and put in a separate bag, and forward
the same, properly labeled, by the overland route to El
Paso, where it is to'be delivered immediately to the express
rider of the contractor, Mr. Giddings, for San Antonio,
Texas.
This arrangement is to commence January 1, 1860.
\VM. H. DUNDAS,
Second Assistant Postmaster General.
Postmaster at San Francisco, California.
And on the 29th of November the same instruc-
tions precisely were given to the postmaster at
New Orleans. Now I refer to these letters, the
one from General Twiggs and one from Mr.
Dundas to the postmasters at San Francisco and
New Orleans, to show what the estimate of the
commanding general of the military department ,
in Texas was, and what was the view of the Post
Office Department here as to the necessity of that
service. I desiie not to take up the time of the
Senator in making any comments.
Mr. PEARCE. The scrvice has been reduccd
by the amount of ^7G,000 per annum: and it is
now continued semi-monthly at a cost of§120,000.
That is not a very small item in the estimate of
postal expenditures, where the routes are so nu-
merous and these estimates have to be repeated
so many thousand times. One hundred and
twenty thousand dollars is a very considerable
sum of money for a single route. It is nearly
three times as much as the whole postal service in
the State of Maryland, which has a population of
nearly seven hundred thousand people. What
population there is on this route is but very small.
San Antonio is a city of some eight or ten thou-
sand people. El Paso, as it is called, (the settle-
ment on the Texasside opposite the El Paso,) is
very small. It had no existence at all as a set-
tlement until the acquisition of that country by
us. I do not know what intermediate points
there are; but this I know: there must be, there
can be, but a very small population, indued, to be
supplied by the route; and, if the Postmaster Gen-
eral is not most grossly and egregiously mistaken
—which I cannot think he is—as to the annual
product of the route, even if it was double what
it is—and I dare say it may have been increased
since 1859, for that sum the Postmaster General
states is the product for that year, during a large
part of whicn they had a weekly mail—suppose
