THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
 —       9
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 26, 1860.
New Series....tNo. 36.
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Douglas
on the 16th instant:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to report a biii for the protection of each State and
Territory of the Union against invasion bv the authorities
or inhabitants of any other State or Territory; and for the
suppression and punishment of conspiracies or combina-
tions many State orTerutoiy with intent to invade, assail,
or molest the government, inhabitants, property, or institu-
tions. oi any other State or Territory of the Union.
Mr. TOOMBS addressed the Senate for an hour
and a half. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, the question
that I asked the honorable Senator from Georgia
was not at all for the purpose of interruption. It
was for the honest purpose of having him refer
the Senate to those acts of the Legislature of the
State of Connecticut to which he had called, in
general, the attention of the Senate, which he had
claimed to be unconstitutional. 1 did so, I say,
for an honest purpose; because I have not been
able myself to lay my hand upon the* acts of the
State to which he referred so generally. I under-
stood him, however, to allude to the act of 1844,
the act of 1848, and the act of 1854. He read no
section at length, and I have neither of the sec-
tions of either of those years before me; hut, Mr.
President, from my recollection of the legislation
of my own State, 1 choose to reply to this charge,
here and now. As to the act of 1844, to which
the Senator from Georgia first called the attention
of the Senate, there is nothing m that act which
impinges or violates, in the slightest degree, any
provision of the Constitution of the UmudStat.es.
The act, it is true, makes any process issued by
any magistrate of the State of Connecticut to
arrest a fugitive slave void. It does that; and it
may do that in conformity with the Constitution.
Indeed, sir, taking the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, made in the year 1842,
two years before the legislation of which the hon-
orable Senator complains, all legislation pertain-
ing to the restoration of fugitive slaves belongs,
not to the States of this Confederacy, but to the
Congress of the United States; and, therefore,
any legislation by any State of this Confederacy
upon that subject is beyond their proper jurisdic-
tion. It belongs, in the judgment of the Supreme
Court in the case of Prigg ys. the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, to the Congress of the United
States; and when the Congress of the United States
legislates upon a subject which, by the Constitu-
tion, belongs to it, all legislation by any State on
that subject is necessarily repealed, for the time
being—made null and void by the legislation of
Congress even without any lepcalmg act of the
State Legislature.
Now, sir,all that is in that act of 1844, to which
the honorable Senator called attention, is simply
doing what, in effect, the Supreme Court of the
United States did do when they decided that le-
gislation upon that subject belonged to Congress
and not to the States. If there was any doubt as
to the meaning of the Legislature of the State of
Connecticut in passing that act, if the honorable
Senator would have troubled himself to read the
proviso, it would have put the matter beyond all
possible doubt or contingency; it would have
shown that the Legislature had no design to in-
terfere at all with the right of citizens of the slave-
holding States under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States to reclaim fugitive slaves from the State
of Connecticut, because the proviso to that act
contains, in express terms, a saving of the right
of all persons claiming an interest in the labor of
fugitives from service, and saves the right of all
officers appointed by the authority of the United
States, either judicial or ministerial, to issue and
to execute process to arrest fugitives from service
within the State of Connecticut. It saves, 1 say,
all these rights in express terms; the Senator
from Georgia himself could not have made it more
complete had he proposed to protect the rights of
the citizens of the slaveholding States in the full-
est and amplest manner. That is all there is in
the act of 1844.
As to the act of 1848, the honorable Senator
36
read a portion, but not the whole of either section
of that act; that act does provide against bring-
ing slaves within the State for certain purposes;
it makes it penal for any person to bring or to im-
port, either over sea or by land, into the State of
Connecticut, any Indian, negro, or mulatto slave,
for the purpose of selling or disposing of, or of
leaving within the State, any such slave; subjecting
the person so doing to a forfeiture of some §300;
and that is all that there is to that act; and 1 beg
to know if, with the honorable Senator's views
of State rights, it is not competent to a State be-
longing to this Confederacy to make such a law,
to provide that no slaves shall be brought within
the limits of a State for the purpose of being sold
or disposed of, or left within the State? Have not
the States of this Confederacy a right to make a
law of that description without violating the Con-
stitution of the United States? I call attention to
the fact that this act, of which the gentleman com-
plains, does not even prohibit a citizen of Georgia
from coming into the State of Connecticut and
bringing his slave with him and taking him back
again. It does not even make that slave free if
the master brings him within the State of Con-
necticut, himself, voluntarily. It does no such
thing ns that. Tt provides, as my colleague sug-
gests, expressly to the contrary. It is in no sense
obnoxious to the charge that it interferes at all be-
tween the relation of master and slave. All that it
does, as 1 have before said, is to prohibit the bring-
ing of slaves, either to be sold or to be left, in the
State. Now, sir, 1 put it to any gentleman on the
other side of the Chamber, whether that is not
within the constitutional prerogative of every State
in this Union, and whether southern States, slave-
holding States, have not passed laws of a like
character. It is no violation of any constitutional
provision for a State to make a latv of that kind.
The other act to which he referred was the act
of 1854. I have not the act before me, and the
gentleman, if he had it, did not think proper to read
it; but, sir, I am able to state from my own rec-
ollection, that in respect to that act there is not,
as I believe, a provision in it which the Supreme
Court of the United States, if called to adjudicate
upon it, would pronounce to be unconstitutional.
There is nothing in thntnel which, looked at with
the utmost judicial scrutiny, can, as I believe,
be tortured into a violation of the Constitution of
the United States. It docs provide penalties, and
severe penalties, against ekunnhg a lreeman to be
a slave; and I apprehend that is not wholly new
or peculiar to the State of Connecticut. 1 appre-
hend it is a crime in Georgia to undertake to
enslave a freeman. I apprehend the gentleman
would not say that in any State the laws author-
ized the enslaving of a freeman, or that n law
which punished such«an act was unconstitutional.
The act of the State of Connecticut, of 1854, to
which the gentleman alluded, provides penalties
for endeavoring to enslave a freeman. Claiming
a man to be a slave willfully and maliciously,
who is a freeman, is made penal. Seizing a ftee-
manand endeavoring to transport him without the
State, falsely and maliciously claiming him to be a
slave, is made penal by that act: and I beg to know
what provision of the Constitution of the United
States is violated by provisions like those m a
State law? That is the whole, so far as this ques-
tion is concerned. I do not mean it is the whole
of the act, for there arc some five, six, or seven
short sections in it; but the penalties provided arc
penalties for seizing freemen and falsely and ma-
liciously claiming them to be slaves. In effect it
is an act against kidnapping. That is the act of
which the gentleman complains, and that is the
whole of the act; and if that U unconstitutional,
it is unconstitutional to protect freemen.
These, sir, are the acts, aiyl all the acts, which,
so far as I could understand the honorable Senator
from Georgia, he made reference to as hating
l been passed on this subject by the State of Con-
necticut, which were obnoxious to him. Now, 1
submit to honorable Senators on both sides of the
Chamber, whether acts of this sort are fairly sub-
ject to the censure and the opprobrium which the
gentleman imposed upon this legislation of my
State. He was pleased to say that this legisla-
tion was mean, fraudulent. The honorable Sen-
ator has been a member of this body and of tlie
other House of Congress much longer than I have
had the honor of a seat here; the rights and priv-
ileges of a member are no doubt much better known
to him than to me; and it may be among the priv-
ileges of a member of this boay thus to stigmatize
the legislation of one of the confederate States of
this Union. It may, sir, I say, be one of the priv-
ileges of a member of this body. If it be, it will
be a long time before I shall exercise the privilege;
and while I would say nothing, certainly, to the
Senator from Georgia, either in regard to himself
or his State, which would not be proper, deco-
rous, and courteous, I must be permitted to say
that, so far as the legislation of the State of Con-
necticut is concerned, I am quite willing that it
should be compared with the legislation of the
State of Georgia. I am quite willing that the State
of Connecticut, as a State, should be compared
with the State of Georgia; and, sir, if Georgia be
the proudest and fairest State of this Qonfedcracy,
I shrink not from the comparison of the State of
Connecticut with her then. In all that constitutes
a State, in all that makes a State great, nobl§,
glorious, I point to the State of Connecticut as
shrinking not at ail from comparison with the
State of Georgia, or with the proudest of her sis-
ters. Iier character belongs to the history of the
country. The fame, the reputation of the State
of Connecticut, is not, 1 apprehend, to be injured
by any attacks of this kind, especially when the
charges made and the foundation on which they rest
will not bear examination for a moment. I repeat,
I mean no disrespect to the State of Georgia. It
was the land of Oglethorpe Mr. President. I only
say Connecticut shrinks not from any compari-
son, and she feels not at all as though her name
would be soiled because the honorable Senator
thinks best to use the epithet he has chosen in
regard to her legislation.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the Senator from
Connecticut sits down, let me ask him—I pre-
sume he will answer frankly—whether he him-
self is in favor of carrying out, in good faith, that
constitutional provision which provides for the re-
turn of fugitives from labor?
Mr. FOSTER. I am perfectly free to answer
the honorable Senator from Florida; and I say to
him, with the utmost frankness, that I believe in
carrying out every provision of the Constitution
of the United States as its makers intended that it
should be carried out. I would make not one ex-
ception. The gentleman may state the most ob-
noxious clause or the most attractive one; and I
will say to him, in entire frankness, I believe in
carrying out each and all.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Connec-
ticut doubtless intends to be frank and candid, but
he has not answered the question.
Mr. FOSTER. Then, the gentleman will allow
me to say that I did not understand it.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator does not in-
tend to be evasive, I know.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly do not.
Mr. MALLORY. Is he in favor of returning
fugitive slaves from Georgia, when claimed by
that State, to their owners?
Mr. FOSTER. According to the provisions of
the Constitution, I am. I trust that is sufficiently
frank, if the gentleman desires it, I will be more
specific if I can find any words in the English
language to make myself so.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Connec-
ticut is a good, sound lawyer; he knows that the
fugitive slave law has been pronounced constitu-
tional by every court which has had jurisdiction
of it. Now, I ask him if he is in favor of carry-
ing out that law so declared by the courts to t>e
constitutional ?
Mr. FOSTER. I am in favor of carrying it
out just so far as it is constitutional, to the utmost
extent of its constitutionality.
Mr.MALLORY. That is the Senator's "frank
answer." It is precisely the answer I expected.
