1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
the Pension Office indorse this claim; but I do not
understand it. Still, I am willing to do anything
reasonable.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the passage of House bill No. 312?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is necessary to
settle principles in disposing of these cases, and
therefore I must make the objection.
PRIVATE BILLS PASSED.
Mr. BOCOCK. - This is Good Friday; and,as
it is understood we are to meet again to-morrow
for the purpose of attending to private business,
I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair,Mr. Branch reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had had un-
der consideration the Private Calendar, and had
instructed him-to report back, with a recommend-
ation that they do pass, the following bills, (two
of them with amendments:)'
A bill (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of R. It.
Doebler;
A bill (H.R. No. 262) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Francois Guillory, deceased;
A bill -(H. R. No. 224) for the relief of "W. Y.
Hansel!, the heirs of W. H. Underwood, and the
representatives of Samuel Rockwell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2G4) for the relief of Charles
Stillman;
A bill (H. R. No. 265) for the relief of Freder-
ick Stephens;
A bill (H. R. No. 130) to pay to the State of
Missouri the amount expended by said State in
repelling the invasion of the Osage Indians;
A bill (H. R. No. 2GG) for the relief for Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain
Charles S. Winder, of the United States Army;
A bill (H.R. No. 267) for the relief of Mrs. A.
W. Angus, widow of the lute Captain Samuel
Angus,United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 2t>9) granting a pension to
James Lacoy, of Grainger county, Tennessee;
A bill (H. It. No. 270) granting a pension to
John Madden, of Campbell county, Tennessee,
with an amendment;
A bill (H. 11. No. 271) granting a pension to
Cyrcnus C. Blackman, of St. Helena parish,
Louisiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 272) granting a pension to
Adelaide Adams, widow of Commander George
Adams, United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 273) for the relief of Mica-
jah Ilawkes; "
A bill (H. R. No. 27G) for the relief of Mrs.
Iianmth McDowell;
A bill (tl. 11. No. 277) for the relief of Web-
ster S. Steele, with an amendment; and
A bill (II. R. No. 284) for the relief of John
W. Taylor, and certain other assignees of pre-
emption land location*.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bills will be voted on en masse.
There was no objection.
The amendments to bills (II. R. Nos. 270 and
277) were agreed to; and all the bills were en-
grossed, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bills were passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. We have passed a great
number of bills to-day. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. TAPPAN. I desire to appeal to the House
to vote down that motion. When we adjourned
over last week, it was with the understandingthat
as Friday and Saturday of this week were to be
objection days, the House would sit both these
days.
The SPEAKER. No debate is allowable. The
question is on the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. FLORENCE. Ifthegentlemanunderstood
why it is desired that the House should sit to-
morrow, I apprehend there would be no objection
to doing so. Under the new rules, to-morrow will
be objection day. We can continue on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and if the gentlemen do not choose
to corr>e here, we^can still go on and do business,
if there be only a quorum.
Mr. BURNET1. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GARTRELL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Reagan and
Bufffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 61, noes 68.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day* it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. TAPPAN. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays. It was understood last week that
we should sit on Saturday of this week.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn over.
Mr. ADRAIN. I renew it.
Mr. TAPPAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It is indispens-
able to the committees of the House that they
should have to-morrow to transact business.
Mr. TAPPAN. I would say to the gentleman
and the House, that I am perfectly willing the
House should adjourn over Saturday of next
week.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ad rain, Barks.dale, Biair, Boteler,
Bureh, Burnett, John IL Clark, Olopton, John Cochrane,
Conkling, Crawfoid, Ciury, Curtis, II. Winter Davis Fen-
ton, Gartrell, Giaham, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hughes,
Jones, Kent, William Kellogg, Lamar, Logan, M.illoiy,
ElbcitS. Martin, MeClernnnd, MeRae,.Montgomery, Sjd-
enham Moore, Moml!, Nelson, Potter, Reagan James C.
Robinson, William Smith, Stallwoith, Stanton, Stevens,
Stevenson, James A. St<;\v;ut, Stout, Thayer, Thomas,
Vallanriigham, Vance, Ellihu 13. Washburne, Webstei,
and Wlutcloy—f>l.
NAYS—Messrs. Ch.ules F. Adams, Allen, Alley, Ash-
ley, Achmore, Babbitt, Rarr, Blake, Boeock, Biabson,
Branch, Drayton, Bristow, Bufhnton, Dutterfield, Carey,
Carter, Cobb, Colfax, Cox, James Craig, Dawes, Delano,
Rucll, Dunn,Edgci ton, Edwaids, Eliot, Elheridge, Ferry,
Florence, Foster, Frank, Goooh, Giow, Hale, Hardeman,
John T. Harris, Helmiek, Hoard, Holman, Howard, Hum-
phrey, Hutchms, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Maynard, Mc-
Knight, Millson, Moorhead, Morse, Nixon, Noel!, Olui,
Pendleton, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Pottle, Pryor, Uuarles,
Rice, Christopher Kobinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scranton,
Sheiman, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stokes, Tappan, Theaker,
Tompkins, Tiain, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree,
Waldion, Walton, Windoin, and Woodruft—b7.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The question then recurred on the motion that
the House adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are several members
present who desire to make speeches to-night in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. 1 ask the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire to withdraw the motion to adjourn, with a
view of going into committee.
Mr. TAPPAN. I will withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BURNETT. After the occurrences of yes-
terday, I hope the gentleman will not make that
motion. **
Mr. SHERMAN. Those speeches have to be
made at some time, and they might as well be
made now as at any tune.
Mr. BURNETI. 1 move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the House will
vote that motion down-
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call for tellers on
the motion.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Vali.an-
digjiam and Buffinton were appointed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will state to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that my colleague [Mr. Harde-
man] is entitled to the floor in committee; and I
think he is not present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have consulted the gen-
tleman's colleague, and this motion is perfectly
agreeable to him. He is present.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty in the affirmative—a further count not be-
ing demanded.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Sherman to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
SHELDON M'KNIGIIT.
Mr. COLFAX. I was not in my seat to-day
when the Committee on the Post Olfice and Post'
Roads was called. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report back Senate bill (No.
30) for the relief of Sheldon McKnight.
No objection being made, the bill was received,
referred to a Committee'of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanyh. / 'eport, ordered to be
printed.
CAROT BILL.
Mr. BURNKTT. I now call the yeas and nays
upon the motion of the gentleman from Ohio. I
am opposed to these debating societies. '
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. Sherman's motion was then agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pettit in the
chair.)
Mr. BRANCH. I ask what is the business be-
fore the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the bill of the House
(No. 338) to provide for the payment of outstand-
ing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regu-
late and fix the duties on imports, and for other
purposes.
Mr. BRANCH. This being Friday, I make
the point of order that, under the 30th rule of the
House, the Private Calendar is under considera-
tion in committee; and I submit that that Calen-
dar must now be taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. This committee is subor-
dinate to the House. The House has resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. If the gentleman will examine the
Calendar of this committee, he will find that there
is no private bill upon it. It is therefore too late
for the gentleman to make his question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The House is now in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and it is not competent for the Chair to take into
consideration what are the rules of the House in
relation to private business. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Hardeman] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand the Chair then
to overrule my question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
gentleman's question of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will state that it was the
understanding that the House should adjourn at
four o'clock to-day. The clerks of the House
arc overburdened with business, and it will be
impossible for them to get through with it unless
the House does no more business to-day. I move
that the committee rise.
_ The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WELLS. I understand the gentleman
from Georgia does not wish to go on with his re-
marks to-night. I appeal to him to yield me the
floor to submit a few remarks which I have pre-
pared. If gentlemen donotwish to hear me they
can retire from the Hall. I should, of course, be
very happy to have them remain and hear me;
but as this is about the hour when most of the
gentlemen here are in the habit of dining, I am
perfectly content for them not to remain to listen
to me.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I am willing to yield to
the gentleman from New York, with the under-
standing that I shall be entitled to the floor when
the House shall again go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The CHAIRMAN. That arrangement will be
made, if there be no objection.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I must object.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouii. I certainly object.
I insist that when a gentleman obtains the iloor
he shall go on with his remarks, or else yield the
floor altogether. If the gentleman from Georgia
yields the floor unconditionally, I have nothing to
say.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman from
Georgia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman from
Georgia yield for a motion that the committee
rise?
Mr. HARDEMAN. I will.
