2526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
it has doubled since that time: it requires a great
degree of allowance now for a postage of $1,200
a year, to expend §200,000 for carrying the mail
to accommodate settlements that do notinclude, I
suppose, twenty-five thousand people—certainly
do not exceed that.
I say the Congress of the United States cannot
allowexpenditures ofthis sort, unless they intend
to bankrupt the Government by the enormity of
its postal expenses. I showed the other day that
the estimates were §15,000,000 already for the ser-
vice of the coming year; that what we have added
for new routes, including the supply of Pike 's
Peak, if we include, also, the restoration of this
service, which the Postmaster General has stricken
off, will add §2,000,000 more, making $17,000,000;
and. how much more we shall expend in conse-
quence of the improvements of service which the
■Wants of the community in different parts of the
country may require, it is impossible to tell; but
this I know: that we shall inevitably, in the course
of the next year, if we do not strike out these
provisions, and continue these reductions and cur-
tailments, have an annual expense of the Post
Office Department of this country exceeding, by
$5,000,000, the whole expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, in every branch of it, during the admin-
istration of .Tolm Q,uincy Adams—that adminis-
tration which was denounced as corrupt because
ofits extravagance. In this single branch—the Post
Office Department—we shall exceed the sum of
$17,000,000, and I am not sure that it will not go
up to $20,000,000.
If the Senators do not intend to beggar the fisc
of the Government; if they do not intend to mul-
tiply the expenditures of the Government, until
neither tariffs nor excises shall be sufficient to
support it, and we shall have to come to direct
taxes, we must look to curtailment as a thing ab-
solutely necessary to be done. And surely this
is not a hard thing. One hundred and twenty
thousand dollars a year allowed for this route, I
think, should be considered liberal under the cir-
cumstances. If it were a densely peopled coun-
try, filled with towns and villages on the route,
and teeming with population, and with a vast va-
riety of business, there mightbe some complaint,
perhaps, of a reduction of the service. Under
such circumstances, we should get the service at
a very reduced rate. Certainly, considering all
the facts which I have mentioned, I hope the Sen-
ate will come to the conclusion that it is not jus-
tifiable in us to increase any expenditure, or to
endeavor to restore that service which the Post-
master General has reduced, as I have stated.
This was a semi-monthly mail before October,
1858. Then it was a weekly mail until the pres-
ent Postmaster General came in; and, in July,
1850, he reduced it, and he has not curtailed it
pro rata, as I understand, but considering the dif-
ficulty of the service, has made an allowance be-
yond the pro rata. He has only cut off $76,000,
and left $120,000 for a semi-monthly mail. How-
ever agreeable it may be to the few people on that
line of route, and to the officers of the Army at
these stations, to receive their mails weekly—and
I dare say they would like to have them daily, if
they could get them—still the exigencies of the
Department and of the Treasury of the United
States will not allow of a liberality so excessive
as to justify, I think, the term extravagance which
is applied to it.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I did not expect
to have anything to say on this subject; but, as
my State suffered more than any other State in
the Union, according to population, by the reduc-
tion, I feel that I shall be pardoned for making a
few remarks. The service m my State was cut
down $73,000, and I think there weie but three
other States m the Union in which the icduction
was so great as that.
It appears to me, however, that the Senate docs
not fully comprehend this subject. If the clause
of the House bill, which the finance Committee
ask to have stricken out, shall be retained, let us
look at the effect it will have. At the time the
reduction was made, the Postmaster General,
clearly within the limits of the lav/, curtailed some
routes, discontinued others, and in order to meet
the wants of the people, he extended some, and
in many instances changed the terminus of a route.
He did it with a view of giving as great an ac-
commodation to the people as the limited means
of the Department would warrant. For all the
routes that he discontinued, he allowed to the
contractors one month's extra pay, and they have
received the money. Now, unless the amendment
offered by the Finance Committee shall prevail,
the Postmaster General, in my opinion, will be
compelled to reinstate every route that he has dis-
continued. Now, here is the point to which I
wish to call the attention of Senators: by rein-
stating those routes, he must remodel and change
all of his former proceedings; because, where he
lengthened a route, or where he curtailed it to
meet the exigencies of the service, he must now
go and put all the discontinued routes into opera-
tion; and in many instances they will run over
the very lines that are now in existence. Then,
what is the next step? He mustdiscontinue those
that are now in operation on the same lines, and
give those contractors one month's extra pay.
After putting these routes into operation under
the law, he hnds that they are improper, he dis-
continues these again, and gives them a month's
extra pay; virtually giving a bonus of three
months'pay to mail contractors where no service
has been performed. Not only that, but he puts,
especially in the new countries, the whole service
into confusion; and it will take him months again
to straighten it out.
I do not think that the best interests of my con-
stituents require that this provision of the bill
shall be retained, because, to my certain knowl-
edge, there were many unnecessary routes in op-
eration. I mentioned on the floor of the Senate,
two years ago, one where the Department was
paying $4,000a year when thuie was nota human
being living on the route from one end of it to
the other, and the entire postal receipts did not
amount to one dollar for the season. "Will you
compel him to put this in operation again ? Will
you compel him to putin operation routes that arc
not required > What will be the result if you do ?
There certainly must be some limit to the expend-
itures of the Post Office Department; and if you
compel him to put routes in operation that are
not necessary, he cannot give service to those
sections th.it require it, for he will not have the
means.
If we are going to regulate all these little loutes,
to control the internal system of the Post Office
Department, why do we want a Postmaster Gen-
eral ? why do we want AssistantPostmaatersGen-
era! ? I believe sincerely that the interests of the
country require that the amendmentofiered by the
Finance Committee shall be adopted. 1 then be-
lieve it will be necessary to make a small appropri-
ation of a few hundred thousand dollars, to enable
the Postmaster General to reinstate such routes as
the wants of the community and of the Treasury
will permit. I can see only confusion ahead, to
say nothing of the expense, unless that amend-
ment shall prevail; and in saying this, I think I
have a right to speak, when my own State has
suffered so severely; but we do not want routes
there for the purpose of putting money into the
pockets of mail contractors, although they are a
very worthy class of citizens; but we want them
for the accommodation of the people; and how
can we get the necessary routes if we compel the
Postmaster General to keep up the thousand and
one routes that never should have been in opera-
tion, that were perfectly useless, and that the rec-
ords of the Department show have not paid into
the Treasury one dollar for every thousand that
has been expended ? Let us leave the matter to the
Postmaster General, who is furnished with all the
data, and let him regulate the service. If he is
not competent to do that, he is not worthy of oc-
cupying his position; but I must say, that he has
exhibited a care and a judgment that have exceeded
my anticipations. 1 do not knowofa more worthy
officer under this Government, or a man who has
gone further to do equal justice to all sections
than he has. The course that he has pursued in
this matter I approved at the time, and do now. I
know that the interests of my State require that
matters should be left in his hands, for him to say
what service is necessary and what is not. We
here know nothing about it. We have no docu-
ments showing the receipts upon the different
routes; no documents showing the expenditures
upon the different routes. We cannot regulate
the subject. I believe that, in the position i have
taken, my constituents will sustain me.
Mr. YULEE. 1 should not have interfered in
the discussion upon this particular route, if my
friend from Texas had not deemed it necessary to
arraign the action of the Department in a partic-
ular in which I think he has done it great injus-
tice. It is right enough thatgentlemcn from States,
the interests of which are, directly or indirectly,
affected by amendments pending before the Senate,
should endeavor to represent, to the best of their
ability, and with the best reasons which they can
present to the Senate, such views as may retain
for their State all the benefits which they may
properly derive from the legislation of the Govern-
ment. But it is, I think, due to the Department,
it is due to the interests of the postal service, it
is due to the support of the Finance Committee,
in the recommendation they have made here, that
I should bring to the notice of the Senate the very
extraordinary facts which belong to this particu-
lar case in Texas—I mean the service between San
Antonio and San Diego.
How does that matter stand? I propose to
show that the Post Office Department has not
really done all that it owes to the public to do.
Yet, upon this route—and I am sure that the Sen-
ator himself, when he comes to understand the
facts pertinent to the ease, will hardly be able to
say that either the discontinued service ought to
be restored, or that even the existing service ought
to be continued.
The facts in this case are very extraordinary,
and they are illustrative of the great danger of at-
tempting, by indiscriminate legislation, to rein-
state all the service. ITow was it? Shortly before
the establishment of the overland service to Cal-
ifornia, and, I think, even after the law had passed
which authorized advertisements to be made for
it, the Postmaster General, by way of testing a
route across, put in operation a service from San
Antonio to San Diego, on horseback, for a very
large sum. The contractor was allowed to per-
form the service at his discretion, and he can per-
form it now on horseback. That is the contract
now; but what did that contract contain? It
contained a piovision, which I will read, in con-
templation of the possibility that, under the op-
eration of the existing law, service would be
put, by a new route and a new contract, upon
the same line. The contract contained this pro-
vision, in the transfer to Mr. Cook from Mr.
Birch, who was drowned before the service went
into operation:
u With the express understanding that if any other route
should be put under contract that shall cover this in whole
or in part, the Postmaster General reserves the power to
cuitaii or discontinue the service on this route at his dis-
cretion."
That was the provision.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him? I will read a portion of the con-
tract, to show whether this is a horseback route or
not.
Mr. YULEE. What contract are you alluding
to :
Mr. HEMPHILL. The contract on route 8076,
from San Antonio to San Diego.
Mr. YULEE. What is the date? What is the
Senator reading from, 1 will ask him?
Mr. HEMPHILL. Iam reading from the con-
tract of March 9, 1858.
Mr. YULEE. I am speaking of the original ser-
vice in 1857 at present. I shall come to the other
presently. However, I will hear the extract.
Mr. HEMPHILL read, as follows:
"Whereas George H. Giddings has been ncccpted ac-
cording to law as contractor for transporting the mail on
route fto. 8076, fiom San Antonio, Texas, by Franklin,
New Mexico, Mcsllla. Jue&on. Arizona, and Colorado City
to San Diego, California, and back, twice a month, (with
the express understanding that if' any othenoute should be
put under contract, that ^hall cover tins, in whole or in
part, the Postmaster General reserves the power to curtail
or discontinue the service on this route at his discretion,)
with ' eeitainty, celerity, and security,' using therefor such
means as may "be necessaiy to transport the whole of said
mail, whatever may be its size or weight, at $149,800 per
veai,for duimg the term commencing: the 1ft day of Jan-
uary, m the year 1858, and ending with the 30th day of June,
in the year 1861."
Mr. YULEE. That sustains what I said. It
was a star bid.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Is that on horseback ?
Mr. YULEE. On horseback or on foot. They
may carry it on their own backs, if they please.
All they have to do, is to carry the mail. Ana
now I am going to show the Senator that he is
