562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
Mr. FOSTER. I am glad the Senator expected
a frank one.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the honorable
^Senator from Florida whether the reply of the hon-
orable Senator from Connecticut does not carry
out this provision of the Constitution as far as
the, Senator from Florida wants it carried out ?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not understand the
purport of the question. My object in making
the inquiry I did of the Senator from Connecticut
I will state: I presume he is opposed to rendering
up fugitive slaves; and I presume that ho thinks
the fugitive slave law is unconstitutional, and is
opposed to it; and I presume he knows that his
State has taken no steps to obey the Constitution
in that respect. I thought I would get a frank
answer from him; and as he spoke of the State of
Georgia, I asked him whether she could or could
not recover a fugitive slave from the State of Con-
necticut?
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. FOSTER. Allow me 
Mr. HALE. No—not now. This matter
about the fugitive slave law opens a new chapter.
The honorable Senator from Florida asks whether
the State of Connecticut has taken any nieasur.es
to carry out the fugitive slave law? I ask him if
Florida has?
Mr. MALLORY. I did not ask the question.
X say he knows Connecticut has not done so.
Mr. HALE. Do you not know that Florida
has not? [Laughter.]
Mr. FOSTER. I understood the honorable
Senator from Florida to say that he supposed Jthe
State of Connecticut was opposed to carrying out
that provision of the Constitution, and would
oppose it. i would ask, with entire frankness,
as ne asks me, whether he can give any evidence,
or knows of any fact, which goes to show that
the State of Connecticut has ever shown such
a disposition at any time. If so, when and
where ?
Mr. MALLORY. "Why., sir, I understood
from the facts read by the Senator from Georgia
this morning, and la  more convinced of it now
• than ever, that the State of Connecticut has passed
a law which is violative of the Constitution. The
honorable Senator from Connecticut knows the
law. Ho has practiced under it, perhaps, ever
since he has been at the bar, and he could have
produced i! and read it there if he chose.
Mr. FOSTER. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
I could not.
Mr. MALLORY. He has given his own con-
struction of a law of his own State, when I have
not the slightest doubt that he is not only opposed
to the spirit of the Constitution in that respect,
but would use his own individual exertions to
prevent the return of a fugitive slave from the
State of Connecticut to the'State of Georgia. I
have no doubt all his party in that Slate would
do the same thing. But, sir, I do not wish to in-
terpolate into the gentleman'  argument or speech
a maun- of this kind.
Mr. FOSTER. I was making no speech.
Mr. MALLORY. It is not thus always that
the State of Connecticut has acted. The honor-
able Senator ought to recollect that in the consti-
tutional convention, the language of one of his
greatest men—not Sherman of the present day,
but Roger Sherman of that day—was, that he
was in favor of allowing the States to import
whatever they pleased ratner than part with them;
and the language of his peer, also from the State
of Connecticut, Oliver Ellsworth, one of the great-
est men New England ever produced, was, that
he also was in favor of allowing the States to im-
port slaves directly, as long as they pleased; that
the morality of the question was with the States
concerned, not with others. The Senator ought
to know, also, that m his own State, down as
late, I think, as 1H32, slaves were there regarded
as chattels by the decisions of his own courts.
They were spoken of as chattels, and decided so
in the judicial decrees; but since the rise of the
Republican party in that State, I repeat again, I
should regard it as utterly futile and impossible,
as long as the Republicans have the power in
that State, to return a fugitive slave from Con-
necticut to the State of Georgia. Now, sir, the
Senator from Connecticut, as a lawyer, knows
that every clause of the fugitive slave law has
been adjudicated and unanimously pronounced
constitutional; and I asked him the question,
"whether, under that law, as adjudicated by the
highest tribunal thnt could be brought to bear on
if, he. would be in favor of rendering a fugitive
slave back, and he gives me an answer from which
nobody can know anything; he does not say
yes or no; whether he would or not; but he gives
along and evasive answer.
Mr. FOSTER. The gentleman is pleased to
refer to the past history of my State. I am glad
if he is familiar with it. He has referred to two
names held in reverence in Connecticut and in
the country—Oliver Ellsworth and Roger Sher-
man. Those men 1 am very proud to claim as
citizens of Connecticut. Perhaps no two men
rendered more valuable service in organizing and
establishing our Government and its Constitution.
The spirit of those men, 1 believe, still remains in
the State of Connecticut. What they, the fathers,
established, wo, their sons, will upholdand defend.
If Lhe gentleman could point to an act, or to a case
where any law of the United States, even touch-
ing this question of the rendition of fugitive slaves,
had been resisted for one moment, it would be far
more convincing than any doubts which the gen-
tleman expresses as to the fidelity of the State of
Connecticut to the provisions of the Constitution.
1 ask the gentleman to point to a case where legal
process from the United States has ever been ob-
structed in the State of Connecticut in regard to
this subject. I know it is peifectly easy for gen-
tlemen to say they suppose it would be obstructed,
and that the State would not abide by the law;
that may be said of any State, or of any commu-
nity; butunlil some evidence isshown tliata com-
munity is disposed to shrink from the perform-
ance of its duty, and to violate the provisions of
the Constitution, 1 deem any remarks of this sort
quite gratuitous, at least.
Mr!" BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senator from
Connecticut, as he has asked for the evidence, if
he will permit me to icad that law of his State to
which reference has been made ? I have it before
me.
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly, if the gentleman
wishes to read any law of my State, I am perfectly
willing to hear it. The gentleman, however, will
pardon me for saying one word further before I
yield to him for that purpose. The honorable
Senator from Florida asked me a question, to whu h
ho said he expected a frank answer; but he is not
apparently satisfied with my answer, although 1
assured him, and i assured the Senate, that I meant
to answer frankly. 1 suggested to the gentleman
that if he would point out wherein I had not done
so, I would endeavor to do so. I still repeat the
offer. Now, ti the Senator fiom Louisiana wishes
to read the law, I will hear it, certainly. I have
not been able to get it myself.
Mr. LJENJAMIN. I sent down to the Library
for this act of the State of Conneetieut, having
my curiosity excited by the language m which it
had been denounced by the Senator from Georgia.
It is not a long law. It speaks for itself. It is
entitled "An act for the defense of liberty in this
State," and on its face professes to be pointed at
the crime of kidnapping fn;c persons. The true
meaning is evident from the provisions. The first
section is:
<c Every person who shall falsely and maliciously declare,
ropiesent, ot pretend, that any fiee pei-on omith-d to I'toe-
dom n a -lave, or owes s-ervic-u oi iaboi to any poison or
peisons, with intent to procure, or to aid or a-^ist m pio-
curing, the forcible removal of Mich free peri-son lrom iliis
State as a slave, hhal! pay a line of jgo.OOO, and be impris-
oned live years m the Connecticut State prison."
The second section provides for the evidence
that is to be received; and tlieio is another subse-
quent section that does the same:
a Sre. 9. in all under thii act, the truth
of any decimation, icpreseHfation, or pMense, rhaf anj*
person bcnitf or 1m vi'i™ been m tiin State is oj was a slave,
oi owes or did owe -crvice oi laboi to any otliei person or
persons, shall not be deemed pioved except by the testi-
mony of at lea-jt two credible witnesses tcstilym? to (acta
dnectly tending to establish the tiutii of such declaiation,
pretence, oi lcpresentation, or by legal evidence equivalent
thereto."
The fourth section is:
"Upon the tiial of ajiy prosecution ansing under tiiH
act, no deposition shall ne admitted a: evidence of the truth
ot any statement in such deposition contained.''
And then, in order to show clearly that the act
was pointed at fugitive slaves, the seventh section
declares:
uNo dcelaration, pretense, or representation, that any
pei>on is or was an apprentice for a fixed tonn ©f years, or
owes or did owe service merely as such an apprentice for
Mich fixed tcrm^shall be deemed prohibited by this act; and
no Mich declaration, pretense, or representation, that any
person is or was such an apprentice for such fixed tei m, or
owes or did owe service merely as such an apprentice for
Mich fixed term, shall be liable to any penalty under this
aet."
So that, if a party claims his fugitive slave in
the State of Connecticut, he cannot prove his title
by any deposition, nor in any other way than by
two credible witnesses, that shall appear before
the committing magistrate; and if he shall fail to
establish the fact of the slavery of the person so
claimed, and shall fail to succeed m recovering his
slave, he shall pay a fine of $5,000 and be impris-
oned five years in the Connecticut State prison.
Mr. FOSTER. If the honorable gentleman will
allow me,.I will state to him that he is entirely
mistaken. That is not the act. If he, as a lawyer,
will look at the section again, he will see that no
such penalties are imposed on a man who under-
takes to prove that his slave is a fugitive slave.
It is not said that he cannot prove it except by oral
testimony, cannot prove it by deposition, &c.
That section has nothing to do with that at all.
It is when a man is prosecuted under this act for
violating its provisions, and it is then for his bene-
fit that he should have the witnesses face to face
to him in court. That is the provision in regard
to depositions, not in regard to a man claiming a
fugitive slave at all.
Mr. TOOMBS. My friend from Louisiana will
allow me to say, that I read tin; act carefully be-
fore I designated it as I did when I was up, and
every word I will indorse, and I will submit it to
the judgment of candid men everywhere who tell
the truth.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will read again to the
Senate the provisions of these sections, one after
the other.
Mr. FOSTER. It is only the last section to
which called I attention, on which the Senator was
commenting. "When he read without comment,
I was willing for it to stand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The last section is the one
in regard to apprentices, excluding them, and
thereby pointing clearly to slaves.
Mr. FOSTER. That is not the one to which
I alluded. I understood the Senator to say that
when a man claimed a fugitive slave under this
law, depositions would not be received in evidence
to prove his claim, and that if he did not prove it
in another mode, the fact of his having attempted
to prove it, subjected him to a fine of $5,000 and
imprisonment for five years. I say there is no
such provision in the act.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman will permit
me to tell him that the provision is a great deal
worse
Mr. FOSTER. All I say now is, that it is not
that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It isa^reatdeal worse,ac-
cording to las interpretation, lor this reason: if, as
he says, this section of the act is only intended to
apply to cases of criminal prosecution against a
master who makes an unfortunate attempt to arrest
a fugitive slave, then this law provides that, m the
prosecution of that master, he shall not have the
power of proving his bona fides m the claim by
presenting depositions from his own State, show-
ing that he was really the owner of the slave, and
that his claim is in good faith. It makes it neces-
sary for him, then, to bring from home witnesses
to prove his good faith, on failure to do which he
is treated by the county of the State of Connecti-
cut, for the exercise of a constitutional right, to
a penalty of $5,000 and five years' imprisonment
in her State prison. The third section of this
act is:
"Every poison who shall wiongfnllv and maliciously
seizes orpioeure to he seized, any free person eimtled to
freedom, with intent to have tuch free person held m sla-
very, shall pay a line of $'o,000 and be imprisoned five ycairf
in the Connecticut State prison."
Now,first, when the owner has sought his slave,
and offers that evidence which under the act of
Congress he has a right to offer for the purpose
of reclaiming linn as a fugitive slave, the Stale of
Connecticut provides that no evidence shall be
received except the testimony of two credible wit-
nesses to be produced before the committing magis-
trate. When he is afterwards prosecuted under
this lav/ for making a false claim, he is not allowed
to prove by depositions that the slave belonged to
him> and really did escape from his home. Every
possible enactment that the ingenuity of the most
