140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Election of Speaker-—Mr. Corioin.
Ho. oi Reps.
was thus acquired, and all then supposed our ter-
ritory complete. But after the war of 1812 was
ended wc found, or thought we found, another
necessity. Florida was a Spanish colony. She
was our neighbor, our too near neighbor. Our
race, our rapacious race, will not submit to a close
proximity with any other race. Many apologies
and some reasons, were soon found why we
should own Florida. Indians abounded there;
slaves were property there. It was said, and I oe-
lieve with truth, that these Indians would some-
times steal or spirit away the slaves of our adjoin-
ing States, or that slaves would run away into
Florida, and fugitive slave bills, as we knew, could
not be enforced there. Florida was purchased to
adjust this difficulty. Slavery was lawful there,
and the Government received it, kept it, and to
this day does not pretend to disturb slavery in
Florida.
It may be remembered that the legislative po^
er of Congress over Territories came before the
Supreme Court of the United States as a question
directly or incidentally involved in a case which
was brought from that Territory, I think in the
year 1828. The whole court then agreed that
Congress alone could legislate for Territories. It
should be borne in mind that this was the same
court, but not the same judges which decided the
famous case of Dred Scott. What did Mexico
say when she ceded territory to us? She ceded
it to the United States; not to South Carolina, or
to Georgia, or Massachusetts; but to the United
States. She said that the right to make laws for
this people, is now transferred to the United States.
The local laws and regulations in all such cases
remain in full force, except where they conflict
with the Constitution of the United States. The
deed of cession was made to the Government of
the United States, and that Government, by conse-
quence, has, by virtue of treaty, the power to con-
trol the territory. I have given you the opinion
of Chief Justice Marshall. There arc other de-
cisions of the Supreme Court, which I may here-
after refer to, recognizing Congress as the only
legislative power which can rightfully make laws
for aTerritory, until that Territory becomes a State.
Now, let mo look a little to our opinions—the
opinions of learned gentlemen elected to represent
the people. It was observed by the gentleman
from Mississippi that, in the " compromise" of
1850, as he will continue to call it, the power to
make laws for the Territories was abandoned.
Now, if any one will look into the laws of 1850,
organizing the Territories of New Mexico and
Utah, they will find that, while they organized a
Legislative Council and a lower House of Rep-
resentatives, in each of those organic laws they
£rovido that the laws made by the Territorial
legislature should be returned to Congress, and
if disapproved by Congress, should be null and
void. So far from surrendering this great prin-
ciple, now become established by judicial decis-
ion, as well as by the laws of Congress, Con-
gress expressly retained the power to annul the
laws of the Territory. Sir, I listened to the debates
upon those measures of 1850 for many months.
Mr. Webster was, I think, very unjustly con-
demned by a portion of the people of his own
State, because, they said, he surrendered this great
right. I have lived too long to be much amazed
at anything; but I have been utterly astonished
that it should have been asserted by any one that
either of the illustrious men who figured in that
discussion—Clay or Webster—ever surrendered
the power of Congress to prohibit slavery in the
Territories of the United States. They declared,
in their speeches, that they believed they had that
power; but that the territory coming from Mex-
ico was free, and that no power on earth, except
Congress, could take slavery there, unless the
law-making power,of that territory had planted
it there before wc acquired it. All the courts,
State and Federal, up to 1854, had determined that
slavery is the creature of local law, or long local
usage recognized as lawful, which was but another
formula for the expression of that principle.
[At this point Mr. Corwin gave way for a mo-
tion to adjourn.]
Tuesday, January 24, 1860.
Mr. CORWIN. Mr. Clerk, in my own mind,
I find no objection whatever to personal expla-
nations, although they da interrupt very much
the ordinary business of the House. At the same
time, I think it might be well (if I may be allowed
to give counsel to honorable gentlemen' on this
floor) for them not to attach quite as much im-
portance as they do to what appears in the news-
papers. There is scarcely any gentleman who
does anything in the world, in or out of this
House, that is worth remembering for an hour,
who will not have his conduct canvassed and crit-
icised in the newspaper press of the country, at-
tended with encomium or condemnation, as the
humor of the writer at the moment happens to be.
As to the question that we hav$ before us at
this time, I ought to apologize to the House and
to myself for suffering myself to be beguiled into
this debate without any preparation whatever. 1
ought not to have been drawn into this discus-
sion without some preparation. When Sir Wal-
ter Scott was inquired of why he did not write
the life of Napoleon in one volume, instead of
three, he replied that he had not the time. If I
had known that I should have been brought to
discuss the very questions that have been in my
mind since I took the floor yesterday, or that 1
should have said anything to the House, except
merely call its attention to the necessity of elect-
ing a Speaker, I certainly would have said in one
hour what required two hours to accomplish
yesterday.
I wish now, before I proceed, having collected
myself somewhat during the intervening time
since the adjournment, to ask the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Garnett] whether I understood
him yesterday to say that Mr. Jefferson, at some
time in his life, had expressed the opinion that
the Missouri restriction was unconstitutional, or
only that it was inexpedient.
Mr. GARNETT. Both.
Mr. CORWIN. When I conceded that such
was his opinion, I did not mean to say that Mr.
Jefferson had said at anytime that the law passed,
restrictingslavei*y beyond acertain line of latitude,
was unconstitutional. I did know that he had
somewhere expressed the opinion that it was
highly inexpedient. If such an opinion as that
suggested by the gentleman from Virginia was
ever expressed by Mr. Jefferson, I do not know it.
That he declared the acquisition ofthe Territory of
Louisiana to be without warrant of Constitution,
is a matter of such public political history that
none of us are ignorant of it. But I do not mean
to concede the point that Mr. Jefferson had ex-
pressly declared the Missouri actunconstitutional.
In wandering about from point to point, it must
be very obvious that if gentlemen direct me by
finger boards, now here and now there, 1 will
scarcely ever get to the end of my journey.
And another thing follows. There is some con-
fusion of ideas here. The old Persian maxim is
true, that a man seldom loses himself in a straight
roadv I want to pursue that straight road; and
this morning I am almost ready to promise that
I will never ask a question of any man in the
House, or out of the House, in my life, if you
will let me proceed to-day without interruption.
Yet, sir, if I make a statement of a historical fact
which gentlemen do not think is correct, I will
thank them to set me right.
Now, Mr. Clerk, let us recall what I intended
to present to the world—for we always speak to
mankind when we speak in Congiess. and to all
posterity, and to all time back of us, if it can be
made to hear. I have endeavored to apologize to
my friends upon the other side of the House for
the very erroneous opinions,as they call them, of
the so-called Republican party. I only wanttosay
to them now, that we must be excused if we take
the same ground with the fathers of the Revolution
and the fathers of the Constitution; and that what-
ever may be the opinions ofthe men on that side of
the House, we cannot find it in our consciences to
accuse ourselves of treason while we advocate the
doctrines of Washington, of Jefferson, of Madi-
son, and of Monroe. We may be wrong upon
the point of law; we may be wrong about the
power of Congress; but about th a policy of restrict-
ing slavery, we being wrong, those great men were
wrong. If they were right, beyond peradventure
the Democratic party are wrong. That was the
view which I wished to present to my fellow-cit-
i izens assembled here—to my fellow-members—
by way of excusing us from listening hereafter
to charges of treason, murder, robbery, and ar-
son, which have been charged upon the whole
Republican party. Why, the arguments of some
of these gentlemen on the other side would indicate
that, in their opinion, as a matter of criminal law,
every one of the Republicans could be convicted
of being at Harper s Ferry, with a pike in his
hand, pushing it into the bosom of a southern
gentleman. ^Laughter.] Sir, it made me feci a
little unhappy at first, until I found that all this
was said in joke; yet the world, which is listen-
ing to this debate, do not understand this. Gen-
tlemen tell us here that they mean nothing per-
sonal by these remarks. " It is true," say these
gentlemen, " that you do commit treason; you do
commit arson, murder, and all these crimes, but
you do it in the most honorable and honest way."
[Laughter.] That is satisfactory to me. I en-
deavored to show yesterday, by reference to the
general history of the country, that Mr. Seward
had said nothing, that Helper had said nothing,
more offensive than Washington. I do not know
what is in Helper's book, except by report. I
was written to by one of my constituents for a
copy of that new book, about which he had heard
so much. I had been listening to this argument
about treason, and I said to my constituent that
1 had no copy, except one, and that it would be
dangerous for it to go through the post ofnee with
my frank. I should be afraid that it would be
brought up as testimony against me, under an
indictment by some court in Virginia, for being
an accessory after the fact, by sending Helper's
book under my frank to Green county, Ohio.
And that is not all. There would be the evidence
that I nominated Mr. Sherman and voted for him.
I hope gentlemen will see the delicacy of my sit-
uation. I have much feeling on this subject. I
have a wife and children, and they do not want
me hung for voting for Mr. Sherman. [Laugh-
ter.] It would not be agreeable to them. [Re-
newed laughter.]
I think I had shown yesterday, by the refer-
ences which I made, that nothing has been said
by Mr. Seward which could be construed as offen-
sive to the South as these declarations of Jeffer-
son, which are known by heart throughout the
length and breadth of the entire Union. Now I
wish to address to gentlemen on the other side of
the House one or two suggestions upon a ques-
tion of logic and fair reason. They say that Mr.
Seward, being the head and leader of the Repub-
lican party—against my protestations, they con-
stantly deny me that honor, [laughter]—had
Eroclaimed at Rochester, in general terms, that
etween forced labor and free labor there neces-
sarily would be some collision; that some con-
flict would go on between them; and that, in con-
sequence ofthatdoctrine.John Brown determined
to murder somebody at Harper's Ferry. Now,
do they suppose that John Brown had not read
Jefferson's Notes on Virginia, and all other things
which Jefferson had written about slavery? Do
they suppose he had not seen the declaration of
Washington, that if there were any way by which
slavery could be abolished, he would render to it
his cordial cooperation ? Do you suppose he had
not seen that? Do you suppose he had not seen
the debates in the Convention, in which slavery is
denounced as an enormous evil, leading step by
step, as certainly and as steadily as the step of
time, to a consummation as fatal as death ? Do
you suppose John Brown had not read all these
things in his solitudeamongthejnountainsof New
York, where, twenty years ago, he says, he first
conceived the idea of invading one of the southern
States, and carrying off its slaves ? Do you sup-
pose he had not pondered upon these things, and
prayed over them—for he was a praying man, as
all enthusiasts are? He was a brave man, as
all stem enthusiasts are; and it was because he
thought this enterprise, the offspring of his gloomy
imagination, was consecrated by the approbation
of Jefferson and Washington, that, as he some-
times said, he believed the arms of the Almighty
upheld him, he was encompassed about by the
Angel of the Lord.
Is all this to be attributed to a declaration of
Mr. Seward, in reference to a conflict between
slave and free labor? I appeal to gentlemen, if
they could trace back Brown's conduct at Har-
