1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2527
mistaken as to the amount of mail matter; and I
doubt very much whether a man cannot carry
the whole of the mail. It is a star bid. It had
been provided, as is shown by the contract read
by the Senator, that whenever other service was
put on the same route, it should be curtailed by
the Department. They did curtail it between El
Paso and Fort Yuma, because there was abso-
lutely no population there, nobody to be served.
I asked the Senator, a month or two ago, to fur-
nish me with the amount of population between
San Antonio and Camanche Springs. My friend
has not been able to give it to me. I presume
that they are innumerable—they are not to be
counted.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Like some parts of Florida.
Mr. YULEE. True, some parts of Florida
are entirely unpopulated; but now let us see what
the Department are paying at this time. They
continued to pay for double service between Ca-
manche Springs and EI Paso, over two hundred
miles, for a long time. The present Postmaster
General discontinued that. The original contract
was for twice monthly. It was increased, unne-
cessarily, to weekly. He reduced that. When
you are not able to give me a census of the pop-
ulation, it may be supposed that twice a month is
enough; but let us see if the Postmaster General
has not done his duty. He is paying now for
that service, between San Antonio and Camanche
Springs, a distance of three hundred and eighty-
six miles, I believe, §53,276, and that is on horse-
back.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask if that is where it
falls into the Butterfield route ?
Mr. YULEE. Yes; he is paying for that horse-
back service $53,276. How does that compare
with service now existing in the same region of
country and partly upon the same route—a part
of the route that ought to have been discontinued ?
Gentlemen will be astonished to leain that there
is now a service in Texas, from San Antonio by
the way of Neuraldo to Eagle Pass, a distance of
one hundred and forty-five miles, in two-horse
coaches, not twice a month, but twice a week, for
the whole one hundred and forty-five miles, of
which eighty-three miles is on the route of this
service, for §2,000 a year. Actually one hundred
and forty-five miles of two-horse coach service
are performed twice a week for $2,000 a year,
eighty-three miles of which is upon the same
route with this for which we are paying $53,000
upon horseback.
Mr. HEMPHILL. What route is that? ,
Mr. YULEE. Between San Antonio an d Eagle
Pass by way of Neuraldo, and as far as Neu- :
raldo, eighty-three miles on the same route with j
this. I-s not that a fact calling for consideration? ;
Mr. HEMPHILL. Allow me to say that route j
was put on after this was contracted for.
Mr. YULEE. Very well; but it shows what
is the value of the service there, when you can,
for $2,000, get a distance performed, which is half
the distance of that for which you are paying
$54,000, and have it done twice a week, in two-
horse coaches, instead of twice a month, on horse-
back; or on foot, if the party so chooses. Was
not that a ease for reform ? Is this a case where
you propose to reinstate the service, where it was
originally, and give the contractors $120,000 to go
back upon their horse service weekly? Why, sir,
if the Department were to discontinue that service,
for the eighty-three miles between San Antonio,
and Neuraldo, there would be a saving of $11,000
at once, and that is what the Postmaster General
oughtto do. That is what I think I would have
done, or I would have liked to have done, as
probably he would have liked to have done, but
for the persuasive influence of my friend from
Texas; influences so persuasive that I doubt
whether in view of these facts, so remaikable, the
Senate can be induced to vary from what he may
desire.
Now, Mr. President,! have thought it proper to
state these facts, m vindication of the Department;
but what else is there m respect to the weight j
of the mails to which the Senator referred? It J
is true, that the weight he gave there was of the
overland mails, but 1 am sure the Senator will
agree with me that that did not mean altogether
the mails on the San Antonio route. They go by
railroad in a few hours to Memphis, and from
that point, by the way of Fort Smith, starts the
great overland mail, and by that way, doubtless,
the bulk of the overland mail goes; and it is that
to which the weight of the mail, as given by the
postmaster at New Orleans, refers, as well as to
the other, which constitutes only a part of the
whole.
I think the facts belonging to this case afford
an illustration, not only of the necessity for re-
form in the Department—that reform which the
Postmaster General undertook—but of the great
impolicy of attempting that indiscriminate resto-
ration, which the provision of the House pro-
poses. I have no doubt my friend was not ac-
quainted with the fact that there was a service for
$2,000in coaches,one hundred and forty-five miles,
m this very country, from San Antonio 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 was not aware of the
amount of the contract, or the amount at which
they performed the service. I was only aware
that it was made after the other service had been
established; and why it was put on I do not know.
Mr. YULEE. It was established as a route,
and let to the lowest bidder.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Established as a route by
law. But then there was no necessity for the
Postmaster General putting service on the route,
lfthere was anotherroute running there. Itseems
that the Postmaster General has shown a great
deal of celerity and activity in curtailing this route
whenever other routes come over it. But, so far
as the route from San Antonio to Eagle Pass is
concerned, he puts,a new one on.
Mr. YULEE. It was not put on by the pres-
ent Postmaster General.
Mr. HEMPHILL. From San Diego to Fort
Yuma, without any other being putin, he destroys
this; leaving San Diego, I suppose, without any
mail. I do not know whether they got any let-
ters or papers there or not.
Mr. YULEE. It was not put on by the pres-
ent Postmaster General, but nas been in opera-
tion a long time.
Mr. HEMPHILL. It was put out at the reg-
ular lottmijs, after this service commenced.
Mr. YULEE. That was under a former Ad-
ministration, and not the present.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I am notimpugningeither
the present or the former Postmaster General. I
am not making any attack on either one or the
other. 1 will now refer to a letter before me to
show that this could not have been a horseback
route. This is a letter from the Assistant Post-
master General, giving a statemantof the weight
of the mail that passes by San Antonio, although
it is increased afterwards. He says that the
" weight of mails going out" averages "about
live hundred pounds per trip, and the weight of
the local mails coming into his office, b>&that route,
about thirty-one pounds per trip." How could
that be carried on horseback? They mightemploy
those camels which have gone out lately.
Mr. YULEE. The contractor can employ
whatever is needed for the purpose. Pie can take
a buggy, if he pleases; but he uses a stage for the
purpose of carrying passengers.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I inquire of the honorable
Senator whether any mail in the United States
that weighs five hundred pounds is carried on
horseback?
Mr. YULEE. Where is the evidence of that
weight5
Mr. HEMPHILL. From the report of the
postmasters on the route.
Mr. YULEE. Made to whom? To the De-
p<xi tment?
Mr. HEMPHILL. Made to the Department,
and this is an extract from their evidence. Here
is the letter itself. The honorable chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
has intimated that the weight, as given here, of
the letter-bag from New Orleans to San Francisco,
going by the New Orleans route, was really the
weight of the mail which went from New Orleans
to St. Louis or Memphis to join the overland
route. In a letter which the honorable Senator
received from the Post Office Department, stating
the weight of the mails by steamer, that letter, as
well as I rccoliect, states that a large portion of
the correspondence comes by the overland mail;
and the Assistant Postmaster General here ex-
plains that the postmaster at New Orleans must
have meant both the overland mail by San An-
tonio to El Paso and by St. Louis. I do not
know what the postmaster at New Orleans meant,
but I know what he ought to have done by the
orders from the Department. He was ordered by
the Department on the 29th of November, 1859,
to " make up the letter mail once a week for San
?Francisco,and putin aseparate bag, and forward
the same, properly labeled, by railroad ahd Ber-
wick's Bay line of steamers, to IndianoIa,Texras,
where it is to be delivered immediately to the ex-
press rider of the contractor for the San An-
tonio and El Paso route. The service is to com-
mence 15th December, 1859."
That being the case, the postmaster at New
Orleans being ordered to make up a letter-bag
once a week for San Francisco by San Antonio,
I should suppose he would take that as an order
that he should send all the overland mail from
New Orleans by the way of San Antonio, instead
of sending it a thousand miles up the river or
more, and then starting it down again.
The honorable Senator has referred to the rate
of service from San Antonio to Eagle Pass. I do
not' think that that is a fair mode of argument in
relation to these overland routes, because all tho
overland routes costa great deal more than the
local service. I have no doubt that the local ser-
vice from Memphis to Fort Smith costs a great
deal less than the service on the overland route
for the same distance.
Mr. YULEE. I have no doubt ofit either; but
that, it must be recollected, is a legislative con-
tract that allowed $600,000 for that entire ser-
vice.
Mr. HEMPHILL. All the contracts west of
the Mississippi have been at a much greater
amount for the overland mail than for local ser-
vice; and one of the principal reasons, and 1 sup-
pose the most important reason, was that this
local service ran comparatively, or altogether,
through a settled country, where there was no
danger, where supplies could be easily obtained,
whereas the overland service goes almost entirely
through at wilderness, where, as has often been
the case with this company, there are frequently
skirmishes with the Indians. The persons en-
gaged in this line, and on the route previously
from San Antonio to El Paso, and, too, from that
to Santa Fe, have had very frequent skirmishes
with Indians; and by the stations which they have
made on the route, at a very large expenditure,
they have drawn off the Indians who had roamed
formerly particularly on portions of the route.
The Pescalero Indians, and others who roamed
over portions of the route, have been now driven
off in conscquencc of the stations which have
been established by the contractors and the forts
which have been erected, and which this route
serves.
I do not think it is any argument against such
a route that it costs more than a route does in a
thickly-settled country. I think it is important
to the whole of the southern country that we
should maintain this route from El Paso to San
Antonio and New Orleans. It is of as much im-
portance to us of the whole South as it is that the
northern or middle line should be sustained—the
northern line by Minnesota, and the middle line
by St. Joseph. I do not suppose there ever will
be a contract from St. Joseph to California, or
from El Paso to California, or on any of the over-
land lines, at any lower rate, or at a much lower
rate than the line that did exist from San Antonio
to El Paso. That line at best,if restored, is only
weekly; whereas the line from St. Louis is semi-
weekly, and the line from El Paso to Santa Feis
only weekly. There is no discontinuance of these
routes. The route which goes from El Paso to
Santa Fe, and from Santa Fe to St. Louis, has
not been discontinued. The Butterfield route has
not been discontinued.
Mr. YULEE. The Butterfield route could not
be.
Mr. HEMPHILL. But it operates injuriously
on all the southern lines, anu on New Orleans,
whether it was a legislative contract or otherwise.
That is immaterial; the effect is the same.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
Mr. HEMPH ILL. You will find, I think, by
looking over the statements of the Postmaster
General that neither the route from El Paso to
Santa Fc, nor from Santa Fe to Missouri, has
been discontinued or curtailed.
Mr. YULEE. I am not informed as to that.
