I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Corwin.
Ho. of Reps.
that gentlemen on his side of the House have, on
various*occasions, calledother gentlemen to order
for occupying the floor in the time of another mem-
ber.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I mean no disrespect
to the gentleman from Ohio, and he knows it.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I mean no disrespect to
the gentleman from Illinois; but I call him to
order.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I was simply going to
remark [" Order!" " Order !"] that, if the gen-
tleman from Ohio [" Order!"] approved the doc-
trines of the compromise measures of 1850, he dis-
approved the doctrine of non-intervention in the
Territories by Congress. [Shouts of " Order!"
from the Republican side, and confusion.]
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask that the rule shall
be enforced.
Mr. CORWIN. I should be glad to hear the
gentleman. I spoke only of the argument of Mr.
Troup. I have said nothing on this subject more
than to call attention to it.
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I was about to call the
attention of the gentleman to this point. [Shouts
of "Order!"]
Mr. CORWIN. I will explain to the gentle-
man my position in reference to the compromise
measures of 1850 fully before 1 concludc. I give
my word for it. But, sir, I believe I will never
mention "popular sovereignty" again while I
live. It seems to be a very excitable phrase.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I intended no disre-
spect to (he gentleman. If he declines to yield,
of course I will sit down.
Mr. GROW. Has not a gentleman who has
the floor a right to object to interruptions? If so,
I hope the Clerk will cnforce order.
Mr. CORWIN. I will go on. I send to the
Clerk's table, to be read, the tenth section of a
law passed in 1804, to be enforced in the Terri-
tory of Orleans, which was thereby established.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Sec 10. It shall not be* lawful for any person ofpersons
to import or bring into the said Teiritoiy, from any port or
place without the limits of the United States, or cause or
procure to be so imported or brought, or knowingly to aid
or assist in importing or bringing any slave or slaves; and
every person so offending, and being thereof convicted be-
fore any court within said Territory having competent juris-
diction, shall forfeit and pay for each and ever^slave so
imported or brought, the sum of $300, one moiety for the
use of the United States, and the other moiety for the use
of the pei on or persons who shall sue for the same ; and
every slave so imported orbrought shall thereupon become
entitled to and receive his or her freedom. It shall not be
lawful for any person or persons to import or bring into the
said Teiritory, from any port or placc within the limits of
the United States, or to cause or procure to be so imported
or brought, or knowingly to aid or assist in so importing or
biinging, any slave or slaves which shall have been im-
ported since the 1st day of May, 1798, into any port or place
within the limits of the United States, or which inayherc-
after be so imported from any port or place without the lim-
its of the United States; and every person so offending, and
being thereof convicted before any court within said Ter-
ritory having competent jurisdiction, shall forfeit and pay
for each and every slave so imported orbrought from with-
out the United States the sum of $300, one moiety for the
use of the United States, and the other moiety for the use
of the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and
no slave or slaves shall, directly or indirectly, be introduced
into said Territory, except by a citizen of the United States
removing into said Territory for actual settlement, and being
at the time of such removal, hona fide owner ofsiich slave or
slaves; and every slave imported or brought into the said
Territory contrary to the provisions of this act, shall there-
upon be entitled to and receive his or her freedom."
Mr. CORWIN. Now, Mr. Clerk, I do not
have these extracts read from the early legislation
of the Congress of the Umted States, regarding
this matter, with any view now to enter into an
argument showing that they were constitutional.
I only produce them as the opinions of the men of
that day, and who heretofore have been considered
safe counselors on questions of constitutional law.
What they did certainly evinces their belief that
they had power to regulate the question of slavery
in Territories. I wish now to commend to the
consideration of the House on this point, the opin-
ions of another-gentleman, (Mr. LouisM'Lane,)
long known and deservedly honored in the legis-
lative and executive annals of the country; always
considered as cxaltingin his person the executive
offices he occupied; a foreign minister of the very
highest reputation since the old men of the revo-
lutionary time have passed away. His son is
now one of the diplomatic agents of the country.
Mr. Louis M'Lane said what I sendtothe Clerk.
The Clerk read, as follows;
" Mr. Chairman, the people of Missouri cannot be incor-
porated into the Union but as the people of a ' State,' ex-
ercising State government. It is a union of States, not of
people, much les^of Territories. A territorial government
can form no integHfi part of a union of State governments;
neither can the people of a Terutory enjoy any Federal
rights until they have formed a State government and ob-
tained admission into the Union. The most important of
the Federal advantages and immunities consist in the right
of being represented in Congress—as well in the Senate as
in this House—the right of participating in the councils oy
which they are governed. These are emphatically the
'rights, advantages, and immunities of citizens of the
United States.5 The inhabitant of a Territory merely has
no such rights. He is not a citizen of the United States.
He is in a state of disability as it respects hi<? political or
civil rights. Can it be called a 'right' to acquire and hold
property, and have no voice by which its disposition is to
be regulated ? Can it be called an advantage or immunity
of a citizen of the United States to he subjected to a gov-
ernment in whose deliberations he has no share or agency
beyqjul the mere arbitrary pleasure of the Governor—to be
ruled by a power irresponsible (to him, at least) for its con-
duct? Sir, the rights, advantages, and immunities of cit-
izens of the United States, sjnd which are their proudest
boast, are the rights of self-government—first, in their State
constitutions; and secondly, in the Government of the
Union, in which they have an equal participation."
* * k ******
" The right to govern a Territory is clearly incident to
the right of acquiring it. Tt would he absurd to say that
any Government might purchase a Territory with a popu-
lation, and not have the power to give them laws; but,
from whatever source the power is derivable, £ admit it to
be plenary, so long as it remains in a condition of territo-
rial dependence, but no longer. I am willing at any time
to exeici&e this power. I regret that it has not been done
sooner. But, though Congress can give laws to a Territory,
it cannot prescribe them to a State. The condition of the
•people of a Territory is to be governed by others ; of a State
to govern themselves—JUnnals of Sixteenth Congress, first
session, volume 1, pages 1145, U46,1160.
Mr. CORWIN. The general drift of all these
observations of the early men of the country con-
cedes the fact that when a Territory is acquired,
it is, before it becomes a State, to be governed by
the Congress of the United States, whether you
derive that power from the clausc of the Consti-
tution, which says Congress shall have power
to make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory and other property of the United
States, or derive it as an incident to the power to
make war, as some contend, or as incident to the
power to make treaties without qualification, as
others contend. You see that the power to make
laws for a Territory was always considered, un-
der one or the other of these clauses, as belong-
ing to Congress. As that power is without limit-
ation—as there is no possible limitation placed
on it by these views of the subject—1 maintain
that it is just as large a legislative power as the
States have in regulating their State policy.
I hold, and I may differ from some of my Re-
publican friends, that Congress can enact that sla-
very shall be in a Territory, or enact that it shall
not be in a Territory, just as fully and freely as
a State can do the same within its limits. Let us
now glance at the legislation of Congress in that
portion of the Louisiana purchase lying north of
latitude 36° 30'-—that part of the purchase now
known as Kansas and Nebraska. I was endeav-
oring to show that the Cabinet of Mr. Monroe had
all,up<?n mature reflection, in 1821, conceded the
power of Congress to prohibit slavery in a Ter-
ritory, as they did in that Missouri restriction.
When I quoted the opinions of Mr. Calhoun, it
was suggested by the "gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr. Keitt] that Mr. Calhoun did not ap-
prove of it at the time. I have in my hand an
extract from a speech of Mr. Calhoun, delivered
in the Senate in 1838, when that question came
directly before that body. I had, I thought, a very
perfect recollection of it; but I did not like to state
it positively yesterday. It was made in a debate
upon a resolution which he himself had offered,
in which he said that any attempt by Congress to
abolish slavery in *he District of Columbia, upon
the ground that it was sinful, would be a danger-
ous invasion of the rights of the South. He went
further, and said that Congress had no right to
determine whether the institutions of a State were
wicked or righteous. I am very much of that
opinion myself. I think every State has sins
enough to answer for itself, without interfering
with its neighbors. When that subject was under
discussion, Mr. Calhoun said:
"He \va<? glad that the portion of the amendment which
referred to the Missouri compromise had b°en struck out.
He was not a member of Congress when that compromise
was made, but it is due to candor to state that his impres-
sions were in its favor; but it is equally due to it to say that,
with his present experience and knowledge of the spirit
which then, for the first time, began to disclose itself, he
had entirely changed his opinion."
This is from Mr. Calhoun's own speech, made
in 1838. I read from Benton's Thirty Years in
the United States Senate, page 136. It was made
in a very animated discussion, which was con-
ducted with perfect propriety ai)d gentlemanly de-
portment, but with zeal and fervor and great
power, too—all of which contributes to the useful-
ness of every discussion; and which I could wish,
in common with us all, might be more sedulously-
imitated by us all upon this floor, in this present
House of Representatives.
Now, I could read further, if cumulative testi-
mony were wanting to show that Mr. Calhoun
was in favor of that law. I think I have shown
that the whole Cabinet did agree to it; and I only
now wish to show that they agreed to it deliber-
ately and in writing. Mr. Benton, on page 141 of
the same work, has collected, among other proofs,
the following:
«' First, a fac simile copy of an original paper in Mr. Mon-
roe's handwriting, found among his manuscript papers,
dated March 4, 1820, (two days before the approval of the
Missouri compromise act,) and indorsed: 'Interrogate*-,
nes— Missouri—to the Heads of Departments and the At-
torney General,' and containing within two questions:
" 1. Has Congress a right, under the powers vested in it
by the Constitution, to make areguiation prohibiting slavery
in a Territory ?
"2. Is the eighth section of the act which passed both
Houses of Congress on the 3d instant for the admission of
Missouri into the Union consistent with the Constitution
This is a letter in the handwriting o^ Mr. Mon-
roe, and the indorsement, as I have said, is in his
handwriting; and it was made two days before the
act making this restriction was approved by him
as President. The second piece of testimony col-
lected here, is:
" The draft of an original letter in Mr. Monroe's hand-
writing, but without signature, date, or address, hut believed
to have been a copy of a letter addressed to General Jack-
son, in which he says:
" 'The question which lately agitated Congress and the
public lias been settled, as you have seen, by the passage
ol an act for the admission of Missouri as a State, unre-
stricted; and Arkansas also, when it reaches maturity} and
the establishment of the parallel of 36° 30' as a line north
of which slavery is prohibited, and peimitted south of it. X
took the opinion, in writing, of the Administration as to the
constitutionality of restraining Territories, which was ex-
plicit in favor of it, and, as it was, that the eighth section of
the act was applicable to Territories only, and not to States
when they should be admitted ihto the Union.'"
Mr. LAMAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question for information. I desire to know
whether his quotation from the debates of 1838 is
from the Abridgment of the Debates of'Congress
or from Benton's Thirty Years in the United
States Senate ?
Mr. CORWIN. It is quoted here, in Benton's
Thirty Years, as an extract from a speech.
Mr. LAMAR. X have read both; and I am
pretty sure that Mr. Benton recollection of that
debate is rather at fault.' *
Mr. CORWIN. It seems to be quoted here.
Mr. LAMAR. I want it to go upon the record
that you quote it from Benton^ Tnirty Years in
the United States Senate, and not from any au-
thentic debates.
Mr. CORWIN. I will send for the books. It
is quoted here by Benton himself as from the
debates. The third piece of testimony collected
here, is:
" An extract from the diary of Mr. John Quiney Adams,
under date of the 3d of March, 1891, stating that the Presi-
dent on that day assembled his Cabinet to ask their opin-
ions on the two questions mentioned—which the whole
Cabinet immediately answered unanimously, and affirma-
tively; that on the 5tli he sent the question in writing, to
the members of his Cabinet, to receive their written an-
swers to be filed in the Depaitment of State; and that on
the 6th he took his own answer to the President, to be filed
with the rest—all agreeing m the affirmative, and only dif-
fering, some in assigning, others not assigning reason1?, for
their opinions. The diary states that the President signed
his approval of the Missouri act on the 6th [which act
shows he did] and requested Mr. Adams to have all the
opinions filed in the Department of State."
The other day some gentleman upon the other
side of the House read that diary as extracted
from Mr. Adams's journal. Mr.Benton only con-
denses it, and all will agree that it is correctly
stated here.
After that, in 1855, a letter was addressed by
Mr. Benton to Mr. Clayton, who was Secretary
of State in 1849-50, to know what had become of
