1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolutions, I rose and called the attention of the
House to other resolutions in the series, and asked
my colleague if he would have them read. He
replied that I could have them read, when I could
get the floor for that purpose. He continued his
speech, and before he took his seat I again rose,
and called the attention of the House to the fact
that my colleague had not allowed all the resolu-
tions of that convention to be read, but had sup-
pressed a portion of them, or dodged tlic-m, or
skipped them, or whatever the word may have
been. 1 did not intend to impute any dishonesty
to my colleague; but I called the attention of the
House to the fact that he had omitted resolutions
in that scries which I required to be read: and I
used on that occasion the word "suppressed."
When the Globe appeared next day, 1 saw that
that was not properly reported. I went to the
Globe office, but could not find the original manu-
script of the reporter. I did find the manuscript
from which this was set up; but that was in tnc
handwriting of my colleague, as was his entire
speech on the occasion. It was, therefore, impos-
sible for me to bring the manuscript into the House,
and thereby to correct the record; but, as soon as
I had an opportunity, I sought the floor to make
the correction. And then 1 called the attention of
the House to that other resolution which was
adopted by the Douglas Democracy in that con-
vention, wherein they declared—
"That the Democracy ot Illinois, in State convention
assembled, do reassert and affirm the Cincinnati platlorin,
in the words, spirit, and moaning with' which tho Fame \va<
adopted, understood, and ratified by the people in J8.>G. and
do reject and utteily repudiateail such new issues andte^ts
as the revival ot tlv; African slave trade, or a congressional
slave code for the Tcintories, or the doctrine that slavery t?
a Federal institution, deriving its validity in the several
Stales aiul Territories in which it exists from the Constitu-
tion of the United States, instead of banc; a mere municipal
institution. exi;tin% in such Slates or Ternlones - undei the
laics thereof.' "
Now, there is the resolution which, if my col-
league had had read at the Clerk's desk, would
have placed the Douglas Democracy m their
pioper position in reference to the question raised
by the gentleman from New York. They there
declare that they arc opposed to a slave code; that
they are opposed to the revival of the African
slave trade; that they are opposed to any other
idea than that slavery is merely a municipal and
local institution, not deriving any authority from
the Constitution, but deriving its vitality solely
from local and municipal law—the position which
the Republican party has always occupied, and j
now occupies, in reference to this question. That
is all I sought to do. The mert question as to
the particular word used is of no consequence.
My object was only to put the House in posses-
sion of the fact that the Douglas Democracy of
Illinois occupied this position.
I think it due to the House, I think it due to
the country, and especially due to their friends
on the other side of the House, to know how the
Douglas Democracy stand. I do not accuse my
colleague of any dishonesty, but I know there is
a man who lives m my State, standing about five
feet four inches high, who seems to bo rather
anxious for the nomination for the Presidency—
a Mr. Douglas—(I suppose it is unparliament-
ary to allude to a Senator on this floor.) I thought
I had seen evidence of such a desire upon the
part of Mr. Douglas. But yesterday, in a room
not far from this Hall, I heard Mr. Douglas
make a spccch, and I heardliim take ground in
favor of a congressional slave code, directly; I
heard him declare his purpose to introduce, into
the Senate of the United States, a bill making it
a penal, a penitentiary offense for any person to
interfere with the relation between master and
slave, by enticing away the slave, or otherwise
depriving the slaveholder of his property in the
slave, in any State Or Territory in thisUmon; to
establish, in fact, a congressicivd slave code.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a statement?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield for the
gentleman from Illinois to make a statement. If
lie wishes simply to ask me a question, or to sug-
gest anything, 1 will yield to hnn.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to say this, in reference
to the last statement made by my colleague, re-
garding the proposition of Senator Douglas,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am making a state-
ment, myself. The gentleman can have the floor
when I liaw concluded.
5m
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will not allow
me, of course I will not insist.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield to my
colleague.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wish to inform the gen-
tleman, that so far as the Democracy are con-
cerned, they can take core of themselves, and that
if he would attend to his own platform and to his
own business in this House, he would be acting
with a little more propriety. I wish, further, to
inform the gentleman, that there is no such thing
as a slave code for the Territories contemplated
by the proposition of Senator Douglas. He did,
on yesterday, m the Senate, take this position,
that he would introduce a bill, and it will be en-
acted into a law if enough votes can be got to pass
it in this House, opening the doors of the peni-
tentiaries of the different States to such as insti-
gate treason and insurrection, such men as band
themselves together to run away fugitive slaves
from their masters, in violation of the Constitution
and the laws of the country. Not a slave code'
It may be such a law as the gentleman, himself,
would" not desire, for fear that it might apply to
persons living m his vicinity. [Applause m the
galleries.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is the very point
to which I was calling the attention of the House.
The proposition is, that a law shall be passed for
the punishment of crimes against slave property,
and what is that but a code for slavery? 1 am
willing to retirc*for my colleague to answer the
question. When such a bill is introduced into
this House or the Senate, I do not care whether
you may call it a bill to punish treason, or con-
spiracy, or what not—it is a bill to protcct property
in slaves: that is what it is. It is as much for that
purpose, as a bill to punish horse stealing would
be a bill to protect property in horses. It i1? a hill
to protect property in slaves, and, as such, it is a
congressional slave code, and nothing else.
Mr. LOGAN. If the genth 'man wants an
answer, I will give it to him. If the gentleman
wants to know how the Democrats of Illinois
stand, I wjII answer for myself. 1 say that I
indorse to the fullest extent, every sentiment and
every paragraph that is contained in the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Illinois on yester-
day. I further state to the gentleman, T under-
stand this to be true: that the proposition of the
Senator from Illinois is to pass a law by this Con-
gress, for the purpose of suppressing'rebellion,
insurrection, and conspiracies to invade sister
States, violating their domestic peace and tran-
quillity.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. - J cannot give way to
my colleague for discussion.
Mr. LOGAN. I have the floor, and I am not
yet through. My eolleague asked me to make a
statement, which I am proceeding to do. The
slave code he speaks of, as claimed by some gen-
tlemen, is for the protection of slave propei iy in
the Tcrntoiies, prior to their admission as States,
whether held hy authority of local law or not.
The proposition of the Senator from Illinois is,
to make a law which shall be universal in its ap-
plication m this Government, to repress your irre-
pressible conflict; it is for the purpose of taking
hold of men who seek to incite insurrection and
to bring about bloodshed and murder; it is for the
purpose of taking hold of such men as your John
Browns and your Cooks, such men as have per-
petrated and committed treason against the laws
and peace of a sister State: it is lor the purpose of
putting m the penitentiary such men as band them-
selves together for the purpose of tampeung with
their domestic institutions; it is for the purpose of
protecting every right that is guarantied to the peo-
ple living m a sister State hy the Constitution of the
country; it is for that purpose, and for none other.
And so far as 1 am concerned, sir, I am m favor
of carrying out every guarantee which the Consti-
tution gives to any State or Territory, as every
man will do who is a patriot, a good citizen, a
law-abiding and Constitution-loving man. Let
me tell you that this law, if it is passed, will put
in the penitentiary such men as vou have in your
part of the country,.who band Together and con-
spire for the purpose of stealing fugitive slaves;
it will put in the penitentiary such men as you
have who call meetings and there adopt measures
and pledge themselves to go into sister States for
the purpose of inciting servile insurrection; it is
for the purpose of reaching such men as en couraged
your John Brown, and pressed him on in his
treason to the country; it is for the purpose of
reaching your " irrepressible-conflict" men, who
have engaged, if not directly, indirectly, in mur-
der, and everything that is disreputable, dishon-
orable, disgraceful, and shocking to humanity.
I do not know, nor do I intimate, that the gentle-
man himself has been engaged in such things, but
I do believe that some of his constituents have
indorsed the bloody crimcs that are now registered
upon the annals of the country.
I understand, further, that pretended ministers
of God have recently preached sermons upon the
death of John Brown, and have held him up as a
martyr in the great cause of freedom. Further,
I do believe that men in your country, sir, and
throughout the North, have combined for the pur-
pose of destroying property, and otherwise in-
fringing upon the rights of their fellow-men. It
js for that purpose we intend, if we can, to pass
a Jaw of this kind. I do not intend to intimate
that you do these things; but if you or any other
man should engage in such unlawful conauct as
to attempt to deprive our fellow-citizens of their
property, or to infringe upon their rights in an
illegal manner, wc intend that you shall find the
penitentiary doors open for you. [Laughter.]
That is the purpose for which we intend to pass
a law of this kind.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, I hope my
friend is relieved. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. If I am not, I hope you are.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not suppose that
I could have better presented the argument than
my colleague has done for me in reference to
Judge Douglas's position on this question It is
to pass a congressional law bxj which property in
slaves* is to be protected wherever it exists, notwith-
standing the Douglas Democracy have declared
in their State platform that slavery is merely a
local, municipal institution, depending solely upon
local law for its validity and protection. I do not
care by what high-sounding terms and epithets
my colleague may characterize it; I do not care
how much he may talk about Brown, or Cook,
or anybody ulse; it amounts, sir, to nothing more
nor less than a congressional slave codc. It is a
congressional law for the protection and main-
tenance of slave property. That is the position
of the man my colleague worships, taken by him
yesterday in the other wing of the Capitol. We
see by their platform that the Douglas Democ-
racy of Illinois take the position that the people
of the Territories may decide whether they shall
have or shall not have slavery, and in the next
breath they declare that they bow with deference
to the decision of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. Mr. Douglas has declared over and
over again that he admitted the legal right of
slaveholders to take their slaves fiom slave States
into the Territories, and yet he insists that the
people of the Territories, by some kind of hocus
pocus which nobody can understand, may legally
drive out that which may legally go in ! Thus,
sir, you see, and the country sees, the contradic-
tions, the absurdities, and the miserable sophis-
tries of this party and their hader. I simply
wanted to call the attention of the House to the
fact, that (his Douglas Democracy, through their
chief, have now put themselves upon record in
favor of a slave codc.
Mr. LOGAN. That was on record a good
many times in Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It became necessary
for Mr. Douglas to make a bid for southern sup-
port. If possible, he outbids the gentleman from
Oregon, [Air. Lane,] who the other day rolled
himself over in the dirt. Douglas takes another
turn, and he goes down even to the very depth
of a slave code—a congressional slave code.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not like to interfere in
matters of this kind; and I only now rise to sug-
gest that it is unparliamentary for gentlemen to
lefer to each other in disrespectful ierms. It is
not parliamentary to refer to gentlemen in the
other branch of Congress m terms of disrespcct.
I appeal to the propriety and self-rcspect of gen-
tlemen not to violate the parliamentary rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am talking about
political dirt—nothing else. [Laughter.] I do not
intend to be unparliamentary.
Mr. REAGAN. I only appeal to the gentle-
man's idea of propriety.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague, a mo-
