1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
the known "reverence of our people for law is the
wtlnerable point at which the arrow is shot. -The
bended bow is in the hand of the Supreme Court,
and the fatal dart ia feathered from the wing of
our own glorious bird of liberty, whose bosom it
is intended to pierce.
The Father of men gave to them dominion " over
the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and
over every thing that moveth upon the earth."
But our President says that our national Consti-
tution gives to men dominion over men, not as
men, but as property; that our Constitution con-
verts the image and likeness of G-od into a chat-
tel—sinks him to the same level as the ox and the
horse. Because "guilty of a skin not colored like
their own," our Supreme Court, through its chief
justice, declares that such men, though born under
the shadow of Bunker Hill, of fathers who battled
on its heights, had no rights which the white man
was bound to respect. And the northern Democ-
racy here declare, that if the Supreme Court de-
aides that men are property under the Constitu-
tion, and as such their owners are entitled to the
protection guarantied to property by the Consti-
tution—entitled to plant it in the free Territories,
and hold it in the free States—that they stand ready
to sanction such despotism by a slave code, estab-
lished by act of Congress; that they are prepared
to follow the lead of these new constitutional lights,
and strive, by another sanction, to crush out the
free spirit of the people.
"Whatlowu deep,
Wide opeming, thieatensto devour them?"
Man-worship is idolatrous. Its legitimate fruit
is despotism; and despotic power appeals for its
support to the very virtues it tramples under its
iron heel. Loyalty is the term that absolute gov-
ernment gives to its supporters, whilst it enforces
its tyrannies with the point of the bayonet. Peace-
ful, conservative, law-abiding, Union-saving cit-
izens of Republics, are those called, who cringe
the lcnee to republican despotism. Rebels and
traitors are those who lift their voices or their
hands to stay the torrent of corruption, or stem
the tide of iniquitous power. All distinction is
lost between right and wrong, in the blind sub-
serviency to power. Might makes right; and
laws iniquitous and infamous arc clothed with
the attributes of justice and equity, and men, no
longer guided by the dictates of the higher law,
"vote the mantle into majesty," and trample con-
scioncc, right, and humanity under their feet. Such
was not the doctrine of our fathers* nor the teach-
ings of religion, nor the lesson of the law books.
Our fathers said, resist tyranny, watch your
rulers, make them do right. Washington, in his
Farewell Address, in enumerating the great in-
terests which the people were to prize and protect,
says, as first in order:
" Interwoven as H the love of liberty with every liga-
ment of your hearts, no recommendation of mine is neces-
saiy to iortily ot confirm the attachment.''
The word of God says:
" What doth the Lord lequirc of thee, but to do justly,
and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?"
Justinian says " that we should live honestly,
should hurt nobody, and should render to every
one his due;"and "these," Charles O'Conor, in
the Lcmmon case, says, "arc all the precepts of
the moral law." Blackstone says:
uThe law of nature, being eocval with mankind, and
dictated by God himself, i*, of course, superior in obliga-
tion to any other. Uia binding over all the globe, in all
eountnos, and at all tinier; no human laws* are of any va-
lidity if contrary to this."
The absolute rights of individuals, which may
be resolved into the right of personal security, the
right of personal liberty, and the right to acquire
and enjoy property, Chancellor Kent says, "have
been justly considered, and frequently declared
by the people of this country, to be natural, in-
herent,and inalienable." Weall remember what
the hero of New Oileans said m his famous con-
test with the United States Bank, his duty was in
the discharge of his function as President, in re-
gard to a question not resting upon the immutable
principles of the natural rights of man, but upon
expediency only. Chief Justice Marshall said, it
will not be denied that a " bold and daring usurp-
ation might be resisted," even after long acquies-
cence ; and he excepted from the force of precedent
questions "in which the great principles of lib-
erty" are concerned.
The idea that a decision of any supreme court
which tramples on the rights of humanity and the
liberties of {he people should be tamely submitted
to or acquiesced in, may be lit enough for a nation
of slaves, but unworthy of a moment's considera-
tion from o. freeman, with whom the memories of
a glorious ancestry are yet fresh in his mind. The
humblest citizen should not hesitate to set up his
own opinion against all the weight of learning of
all the judiciary on earth, when the question in-
volves the loss of the absolute and natural rights
which his own inbred and inherent consciousness
tells him are his own indefeasible right.
Forty-six years ago, two human souls entered
this world of God's and man's. Under the same
roof, 011 the self-same day, each first drew the
vital breath of heaven; each bore the same name;
over the same floor tottled in infancy; gamboled
on the same lawn, and, until tyrant custom taught
them the difference, were equals and fellows.
Forty-six years have lapsed into eternity, freighted
with their varied history of human hopes and toils,
rewards and punishments. Beneath the same sun,
on the same atom of God's universe, under the
shield of one common Government, one stands
to-day girded by all the blessings of liberty, the
humble and unworthy advocate of the rights of
humanity on this floor; the other drags out to-
day, on some southern cotton or rice field, the
homeless, hopeless, toilsome life which is the fate
of the slave.
God of justice and of mercy! where are Thy
loving, Tliy redeeming, Thy regenerating influ-
ences, foi:-those who would open the flood-gates
of the African slave trade, to deluge the land?
who, under the shadow of our national ensign,
would spread the baleful curse of African slavery
over every foot of free soil ? Shades of Wash-
ington and Madison, of Marshall and of Story,
of Jefferson and of Clay! watch ye now over the
destinies of your long-loved country? From the
senate of the skies, descend once more to rescue
the work of your hands from the threatened des-
ecration; lot not unborn millions, teeming through
the mighty valleys and majestic prairies of this
western world, execrate your memories, as the
men who made and rolled this car of Juggernaut
over the crushed hopes of millions of slaves ! But
as the waves of population from the Pacific and
Atlantic coasts crest the summits of the Rocky
Mountains, let them bear with them, as the price-
less argosies of a nation's wealth, free schools,
free churches, free speech, fiee labor, and free
men, to make free soil to bud and blossom like
the rose. And then they who look back upon the
scenes of to-day will see that, amidst these seem-
ing discords,
<( God plans ; man works; God oversees the work.
The stately fiame of the harmonic world
Rises even now, though men peiceive it not.
Fiom all the quaiiies of the earth are hewn
The stones of that vast fabric. Based on all,
The columned isles and vaulted continents,
Poised in mid an, a golden dome ot light,
Thy crystal firmamen', O Liberty!
Like a new heaven, shall span the coming age,
And all the nations underneath thy arch
Worship in peace together."
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order, which I wish to state: there are pres-
ent in this committee but Mcssis. Hardeman,
Conkling, Blake, Duell, IIowakd, Pendleton,
Gurley, Niblack, Stout, IIolman, Branch,
Thomas, Scott, Allen, Kellogg of Michigan,
Montgomfry, Florcnoe, Noell, Spinner, and
Burnett—something like a dozen members out of
the one hundred and nineteen that constitute a
quorum.
A Member. I do not think that this enumera-
tion of the members who are present is known to
the rules of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This is the point
to which 1 wish to direct the attention of the
Chair, as to a quorum: a majority ofeach House,
according to the Constitution, shall constitute a
quorum to do business; and according to the
Manual, which is adopted as a part of the rules
of this House, a quorum of the Committee of the
Whole is the same as that of the House. I make
the point, that it is not competent to transact
business in the absence of a quorum. And fur-
ther, under the rule, whenever during business a
quorum is not present, any member may call for
the Housetop counted, and being found deficient, j
businessissuspended. Itisverytrue,thespeeches I
which are usually made in this debating society
might very properly be denied to be business;
but, nevertheless, in the parliamentary accepta-
tion of the term, it is understood to be business.
Therefore, I make this point upon the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Conkling,] that it is not
competent for him to proceed to-night, inasmuch
as there is less than a quorum present. I regret
the necessity which impels me to make this point
of order. At the same time, it seems to me that
the dignity of this body as the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States is very much de-
graded by our habit of transacting business, and
discussing every kind of question, under such cir-
cumstances. 1 mean no sort of disrespect or dis-
courtesy to any member of the House; but I feel
obliged, as a member of this body, to make tho
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
it has been repeatedly held, both in the House
and in the committee, that it was not competent
for the Speaker or the Chairman of the commit-
too to determine officially that a quorum was not
present, without a division of the House or com-
mittee.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from New York to yield to a motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Chair overrule the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio ?
The CHAIRMAN. The CItair has overruled
the point of order.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and on that demand a
division of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have the
question taken by tellers; and he appoints Messrs.
Branch and Spinner for that purpose.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. If the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Conkling] desires to go on this
evening, I trust there will be no further objection.
If his speech is a good one, he is willing to be
listened to by a small audicnce; and if it is a bad
one, it will do less harm this evening than at an-
other time.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes IS, noes 5; no quorum voting.
Mr. BRANCH. £ rise to a point of order.
There is no quorum present; and the rule of the
House is imperative, that when it is ascertained
that no quorum is present, the roll shall be called
The CHAIRMAN. The point is well taken;
and the Clerk will call the ioil.
The roll was called; and the absentees noted.
During1 the call,
Mr. NOELL stated that Mr. Anders on, of
Missouri, was paired off with Mr. Kilgore.
Mr. HOLM AN said: Nothing is more ridicu-
lous than this call of the roll. 1 move that the
call be suspended.
Mr. BURNETT That is not in oider.
Mr. STOUT I hope the call will be continued.
I want the record to show that those men who
were opposed to an adjournment have all left the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is no tin order.
The call of the roll being finished, the commit-
tee rose, and Mr. Florence having taken tho
chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Pettit reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 374,
and finding itself without a quorum, had caused
the roll to be called, and directed him to report
the names of the absentees to the House.
The following are the names of the absentees:
Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Admin, Ald-
rieh, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, Wuham C. Andeison,
Ashley, Ashmore, Aveiy, Babbitt, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett,
Beale, Bingham, Blair, Boeoek, Bonham, Botelcr, Bou-
liji-ny, Boyee, Brabson, Biayton, Biigsw, Bnstow, Brown,
Bufiinton, Burch, Burlingame, Burnham, Burroughs, But-
terfield, Campbell, Carey, Caiter, Case, Horace F. Clark,
John B. Ciatk, Clemens, Cloptori, Cobb, Clark B. Coch-
rane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Cooper, Corwm, Covode,
Cox, James Craig Burton Craige, Crawford, Curiy, Curtis,
Davidson, U. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis,
Dawes, Dc Jarnette, Delano, Dimmick, Dunn, Edgeiton,
Edmundson, .Edwards, F.hot, Ely, English, Etheiidge,
Farn*worth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Fouke, Fiench, Gar-
nett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham, Grow, I-Iale, Hall,
Hamilton, J. Moriison Harris, John T. Harris, Haskin,
Hatton, Hawkins, Helmick, Hickman, Hill, llmdman,
Hoaid, Houston, Hughes, Humphrey, Ilutchins,, Irvine,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Junkin, Keitt, William Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilgore, Kiliingcr, Kunkel, Lamar, I,andrum,
Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Leake, Lee,
Longnecker, Loomis, Love, Lovejoy, Maclay, Mallory,
