144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Gorwin.
Ho. of Keps.
these written opinions. Mr. Clayton answered,
under date of July 19, 1855, as follows;
" In reply to your inquiiy, I have to state that I have no
recollection of having ever met with Mr. Calhoun's an-
swer to Mr. Monroe's Cabinet queries as to the constitu-
tionality of the Missouri compromise. It had not been
found while 1 was in the Department of State, as I was
then iaformed; but the archives of the Department disclose
the fact that Mr. Calhoun, and other members of the Cab-
inet, did answer Mr. Monroe s questions. Itappears byan
index that these answers were filed among the archives of
that Department. I was told that they had been abstracted
from the records, and could not be found ; but I did not
make a search for them myself. I have never doubted that
Mr. Calhoun at least acquiesced in the decision of the Cab-
inet of that day. Since I left the Department of State, I
have heard it rumored that Mr. Caihoun's answer to Mr.
Momoe'  queries had been found; but I know not upon
what authority the statement was made."
I think, Mr. Clerk, that if we were m a court
of justice and before a jury, with the fact in dis-
pute whether Mr. Monroe's Cabinet did make
these answers affirmatively, and if I were main-
taining the affirmative of that proposition, I
should be sure to get the unanimous verdict of a
sensible jury on that point, on the evidence. I
shaU, therefore, assume it as true, as a matter of
history, that, in the year 1821, James Monroe,
President of the United States; John Q,uincy
Adams Secretary ofState; William H.Crawford,
Secretary of the Treasury; John C. Calhoun, Sec-
retary of War: Smith Thompson, Secretary of
the Navy; William Wirt, Attorney General, all
agreed, after hearing that debate, going on as it
had been for two years in Congress, with their
minds imbued with all the arguments on both
sides, came to the conclusion that Congress did
possess, always had possessed, and always would
possess, the unqualified power to restrict slavery
in the Territories, or to make any other law they
pleased on the subject.
That is all the sin the Republican party has
committed. I believe that Mr, Monroe did know
something about the Constitution of the country.
I believe that John Quincy Adams did understand
something of the nature of tlus delicate machinery
of ours, as it is now called. The Republican party
is weak enough to believe that there arc some men
in the world who have brains in their heads be-
sides themselves. They behove tho men of 1821,
as well as the great men of 1787 and 3804, all held
the doctrines of the Republican party of 1860;
and this, I think, I have proved.
Need 1 now call from their homes in eternity
the great and good men who, m 1787, declared
that it was not just or politic to permit slavery
in the territory northwest of the Ohio, and so
ordained ? Need I call the shades of Monroe and
his Cabinet from the " abodes of the blessed," to
come here into this Hall and declare again, in the
presence of the world, the same doctrines they
have declared under just such obligations as now
rest upon us ? I could wish that this majesticand
venerated host could pass in review before the
vision of the Democratic members here this day.
Each and all would range themselves on the Re-
publican side of this House; for there, and there
only, in this House, would they find the princi-
ples, policy, and constitutional law which they
proclaimed, acted upon and established, from the
day they broke the yoke of foreign power up to
the day when it pleased God to relieve them from
their earthly trials, and take them to himself. j
Mr. ClerK/tfiiul myself ataloss toundcrstand j
how it is possible for the gentlemen on the other ii
side to rid then* minds of the crushing weight of j;
authority which presses against them, upon this H
subject, either as to the policy of restricting slavery, ' j
ortLepowerofCongresstodo it.*^Will theyassert |j
that the men of '87 wore mistaken in the policy, jj
and that Congress and the executive department, j:
from 1804 to 1821, were mistaken in the point of j!
constitutional power? Where is the enormous j
egotist to be found who will assert that he under- 'j
stands, to-day, the Constitution of the United jj
States better than President Monroe and his en- jj
tire Cabinet did m 1821? j!
Monroe was a patriot and a soldier of the Revo-1 j
lution. He was familiar with all the deliberations of,
the wise men, and all the thoughts and writings of i j
his times which led to the formation of the Union; ; j
and the adoption of the Constitution. He was an j;
anxious participant in the discussions concerning i J
the powers vested in Congress by that Constitu^ jj
tion. He had carefully watched its operations i;
from the time of its adoption up to 1821, when he
was called upon, under the responsibilities resting
on the highest officer of the Government,to decide
whether Congress possessed thepowerto prohibit
slavery in a " TerritoryHe a Virginian,
a slaveholder; and, if biased at all, that bias might
beexpectedtoinclinehim againstthepower. Such
a man, such a President, on full deliberation, de-
cided that such power did exist in, and by virtue
of, that Constitution, and accordingly approved
the act of Congress which exerted that power.
John duincy Adams was his Secretary ofState.
A child of the Revolution, educated in the prin-
ciples which brought that Revolution to its glo-
rious conclusion, thoroughly taught and studied
in the science of jurisprudence, he brought to this
very question all the powers of a mind naturally
strong, strengthened and enriched by all the ap-
pliances of study, while its operations were fi^ed
from all sinister influences, by candor and integ-
rity which even party malignity has never ques-
tioned. Adams was a northern man, and not a
slaveholder. He, too, agreed with Monroe, the '
southern slaveholder. William II. Crawford, of
Georgia, was then the Secretary of the Treasury.
He was a southern man, and a slaveholder. He
was at that, time a most notable man among men
who were indeed worthy of notice—a man of aus-
tere virtues, and yet of kindly and generous na-
ture. But, above almost all men of his time, he
was remarkable and remarked for carrying what
is called "strict construction" to great extremes.
Every power not clearly gtanled, m terms, to the
Federal Government was,by him and his school,
denied to the Government and reserved to the !
States or the people; and this, too, whether such
power were claimed for the executive, or legisla-
tive, or judicial department. In this characteristic
he stood in perfect contrast with his colleague in
the War Department, Mr. Calhoun, who then
held doctrines on this subject condemned by Mr.
Crawford and his school as dangerous, as latitu-
dinarian. Mr. Crawford had been much in public
life; had studied—as men of that day di<l—the
Constitution, and all other forms of civil polity
found in libraries accessible to them. His name
and character will long live in the esteem of all
Georgians, as well as in that of all Americans who
venerate the wise and good. Crawford, strict con-
structionist as he was, slaveholder as he was, ad-
mitted that Congress had power to prohibit sla-
very in a Territory. John C. Calhoun was also
in this Cabinet council of 1821". He was then
Secretary of War. He was a South Carolinian,
and a slaveholder; a man of rare powers of mind,
quick in discerning thapoint of merit in any ques-
tion. His power of " generalization" was greater
and more rapid in its processes than that of any man
with whom I have had the good fortune to be ac-
quainted. All southern as he was, he, too, admitted
this power to subsist in Congress; and, as I think
I have shown, gave his written opinion to that
effect under all the grave responsibilities of a "Cab-
inet minister.Smith Thompson, of New York,
was then Secretary of the Navy. This gentleman
is better known to the world as a judge of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, to which place
he was transferred on account of his accurate and
profound knowledge of law—law as a science—
comprehending all sub jects embraced in what arc
denominated national and municipal law. He was
a northern man, and to the four others I have enu-
merated he added the great weight of his opinion,
concurring with them fully and entirely.
,-lW who was he, the then Attorney (General of
that Cabinet5—he whose entire official duty it was
to advise the President and each ono of the Cab-
inet on questions of law? Mr. Wirt was that At-
torney General—a name known and respected by
all lawyers who know anything of law; a name
equally known and respected by all, of all classes
andprofessions who admiretrue'intellectual great-
ness combined with amenity of manners and amia-
bility of temper that won the affections of all hearts;
a man of such rich and diversified intellect, that
while he toiled in the profoundest depths of the
richest mines of legal learning,he yetfound leisure
and had the taste to gather from the gardens of po-
lite letters some of the richest and rarest of their :
fruits and flowers; and, to crown all, he was gifted
with an eloquence that charmed and enraptured all
who heard him. To this Virginian, this slave- !
holder, this all-accomplished mind, our Republi-
can platform of this day was submitted. *lt was:
not then a great spring-board whenco,some insane
aspirant for presidential power was to leap into
the coveted Executive chair; it was not then a
principle to be used only for the occasion, and to
be announced to the world amid the hoarse clamor
of popular strife, and then abandoned at the end
of four years for some novelty more captivating
to the popular ear. It was argued, considered, and
decided by such men as I have named, at a time
when the old party names, Federalist and Repub-
lican, had ceased to have a meaning; when the
beacon fires of party war were quenched in the
pure waters of a pervading American patriotism.
As the Republican platform (so much derided
and condemned now by learned gentlemen of the
Democratic party) now reads, so did the great
tribunal to whicli I am now referring decide the
law of the Constitution to be then. To this au-
gust court I appeal, from the hasty opinions of
your modern politicians and the teachings and par-
agraphs jut from obscure'newspapcrs. To that
tribunal, I summon, for judgment and sentence of
death, these new notions which teach us that this
same Constitution, which in 1821 permitted Con-
gress to forbid slavery in " Territories," now, in
1860, tramples Congress and its power, scoffs at
all power, Federal or territorial, and bears sla-
very, as the phrase goes, "sito proprio vigore,"
into all Territories; and only pauses to bow with
royal courtesy to the crowned and sceptcred maj-
esty of Slate constitutions. Hither,also,dol sum-
mon that other modoni partisan war-cry, "popu- *.
lar sovereignty," born of the partisan struggles
of 1854. From the heated furnaces of political
strife this fire went forth. It shed its baleful light
over Kansas for three troubled years; blazed up
to noon-tide, and then, like a tropical sun, dashed
down the sky, casta lurid blaze over the chaos it
had created, and sunk, quenched in blood, leaving
behind it only the spectral images of confusion
and war which its brief day had evoked into life.
Mr. Clerk^ in treating this subject of the power
of Congress over Territories, the object'of our
inquiry is to ascertain whether any clause in the
Constitution gives, in terms or by fair implica-
tion, the power in question. In all such cases,
the inquiry is, what is the true intent and mean-
ing of the Constitution? The words employed
are to be carefully criticised; and if they be plainly
such as to give or deny the power, then the mean-
ing is ascertained. If cloubts arise, however, from
an examination of the words employed, it is al-
ways safe to ascertain, in other modes, what they
did mean who wrote and enacted these words.
Hence, the acts of individuals done in perform-
ance of their own written engagements, show what
they understood their own written contracts to
mean. So the conduct of nations, m the execu-
tion of treaties, is always resorted to to show what
each nation understood its treaty-contracts to bind
it to peiform. This plain rule of good sense, when
applied to constitutions or legislative enactments,
is called u contemporaneous construction."
We know that while the convention that formed
the Constitution was in session, in the year 1787,
the old Congress, under the old Articles of Confed-
eration, passed the celebrated ordinance of 1787,
whereby that Congress did enact that there should
be " no slavery or involuntary servitude'' m the
then Northwestern Territory. It is only reasonable
to suppose that the convention then in session,
seeing this power exei-ted by Congress under the
old Government, should conclude that the same
ought to be granted to Congress in the new Con-
stitution, which was to supersede the old " Con-
federation." Accordingly we find a clause in-
serted, which says:
" Congress *ha!l have power to mike all needful tules
and 'regulations,' coneemin<* the territoiy and other prop-
oil) ul' the States.
Nov/, the men who enacted the ordinance of
1787, and those who formed the Constitution, were
many of them the same persons. Is it not an
irresistible conclusion that they did intend, by the
clause I have quoted, to confer the same power
upon Congress by that clause which they hod in
the old Congress, in the same year, themselves
exerted, by virtue of the powers given to Con-
gress by the " Articles of Confederation" under
which they then acted. Let us not be told that the
