I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Corioin.
Ho. oj? Refs.
power '' to make all needful rules and regulations
concerning the territory" was inserted m haste,
or was not well examined and weil understood.
Before the Constitution was adopted, and after
jt was formed, it underwent the closest scrutiny.
The public prints teemed with criticisms upon all
its provisions. State conventions debated it with
all the interest its vast importance naturally elicit-
ed, and with all the power which the greatest
minds, in that age of truly great men, could bring
to the discussion.
They did know thcmcaningandimportof every
word, and the extent and intent of every power
franted to each branch of the new Government.
Tow, we also know that the leading men in the
convention that formed this Constitution were
many of them leading and active men in the legis-
lative, judicial, and executive departments of the
Government under this Constitution. In every
office they may have thus held, they took a sol-
emn oath to "observe the Constitution," it being
the same they themselves had made. We must
admit, therefore, that they did not intend to vio-
late any clause in that Constitution. Even the
Democratic party will not assert that the great
men of that day would be likely to commit per-
jury, and, in doing it, destroy their own great
work; for all of them regarded the Union under
• that Constitution as furnishing the only hope re-
maining to them and their posterity, of realizing
their long-cherished object, rational freedom reg-
ulated by law.
Did not they think they had the constitutional
power 10 do that? They did it m 1798; they did
it in 1804; they did it in 1820. These were fathers
of the Revolution; the apostles were there, making
their own commentary upon their own gospel;
and this was the commentary, that Congress make
laws for the territory, composed as it was of a hete-
rogeneous and discordant population, not likely
to agree among themselves upon any system of
civil polity. We treat them as infants. We, own-
ing the country, are the proper legislative power
to give it laws. That is the way they treated it;
and I never shall believe that they intended that
that power should not be there when they made
the Constitution. If they had not intended it to
be there they never would have exerted it. They
would have asked for an amendment of the Con-
stitution if they had thought it necessary; but they
went right forward, and exerted the power, be-
cause they knew the power to be there. One of
two conclusions you must come to, or admit the
full weight of my authorities: either that these
men violated the Constitution which they had
sworn to support, knowingly and willfully, or that
they, the makers and eotempomrieous exponents
of the Constitution, did conscientiously believe
that it gave them this power. Who knows so
well what he meant to do, what he meant to say,
and what he meant to inculcate, as the author of
the book himself? And if he be honest, he will
always give you the true meaning. Thus we
have -this constitutional gospel delivered to us
by no remote posterity, not acquainted with the
writers; by no commentator or historian at all;
but by the fathers, the very men themselves who
wrote the book.
And we, of the Republican party, arc to be
charged with treason, and with an odious attempt
to disrupt this glorious Union which these very
men made for us; we are to be denounced for
believing these opinions to be right, instead of
believing the doctrines of modern commentators
on that Constitution, who 'have found out that the
authors of it did not know what they meant!
Now we have got through with the legislative
and executive history of this Constitution of ours.
I was stating yesterday what the Supreme Court
had done. A friend of mine has been kind enough
to furnish me with a speech made by agentleman
in the Senate, who lias collected the very author-
ities to which I wanted to refer. From that I shall
read to show what the judiciary think about this
matter. As 1 said yesterday, such is the struc-
ture of our Government, that, if there be any dis-
pute about the constitutional power of Congress
m making a law, and an individual right comes in
question, so as to give the judicial department of
ti^e Government cognizance of it, and theydecide
that the law is unconstitutional, I know of no
relief against that decision, if it shall be wrong.
New Series—No. 10.
Now I wish to show what the judicial depart-
ment of the Government thought of this. There
is a case referred to which I had not before me
yesterday, and I have been unable to get the
book from the Library this morning. I take it
for granted that it is here correctly referred to, and
that the quotations are correct. It is the case of
Sere us. Petot. It occurred in 1610, and is reported
in 6 Cranch,page 336. The Supreme Court of the
United States, without a dissenting voice, in the
most explicit language, then declared "that the
power of governing and legislating for a Territory
is the inevitable consequence of the right to ac-
quire and hold it."
Let me advert to that Supreme Court. Who
were upon the bench of the Supreme Court at
that day? Look at the judicial records of the
country. There was John Marshall, and all of
them like him in great qualities of mind and na-
ture. Virginians know who 1 mean when I refer
to John Marshall. Questions are not brought up
in that court as they are here. Agentleman jumps
up in the morning here to sethimself right before
the country. [Laughter ] To do that, he offers
a resolution. The House votes on it. One gen-
tleman speaks over on that side, and another gen-
tleman speaks on this side, pretty nearly all the
time he has the floor. Fiftygentlemensitbetween
engaged in an earnest colloquy as to what the
speakers arc saying. [Laughter.] It is to be
inferred thatjfo have a fair opportunity of know-
ing the opinions of gentlemen. That is the way
we decide great questions here at this time in our
present unorganized condition. Go into the Su-
preme Court. Not a whisper is heard. The
court is opened, and sits for four hours. You
might, at the time I refer to, have argued a ques-
tion for three weeks, if you had the power to hold
out so long, and every judge would have been
found listening every day and every hour and
every minute.
All the learning of the law, all the history of
the law, all the logic of the law, is laid before that
court; and the court, accustomed to look into the
intricacies of the law, will revolve all that has
been brought before them in their minds, and
pronounce what is and what is not law. They
have soberanddiscreetminds. It is a better court
than this. I do not mean to cast any disparage-
ment upon your court, Mr. Clerk. I wish, if it
could be so, that from the beginning of this ses-
sion the Journal clerk had every night blotted out
the record of our .proceedings, that they might
not be heard of any more among men. When I
entered this Hall a new man the other day, there
was a strange feeling came upon me that I was
not in the Congress of the United States. Over
the chair where the Speaker presided, sat, in the
old time, the Muse of History, with her pen.
The men who built the first Hall of the House of
Representatives thought that this grand inquest
of this great Republic was to make that history
which should illustrate our annals. Clio was
there, emblematical of what was to be submitted
to the dread tribunal of posterity.
Rut to the court. The derision referred to is in
6 Cranch, page 336. There was no dissenting
opinion, ^'lt was in 1810. There was no Demo-
cratic party in those days; but there was a Repub-
lican party. This question was not decided the
year before a presidential election. Time is always
a circumstance to be looked at in referring to a
historical fact. There was then a powerful party
in this country called the Republican party, and
there was a remnant of an old and most respect-
able party called Federalists; and they were dis-
cussing whether we should make war upon Eng-
land or upon France. I have always thought they
were not sure which one of these nations to fight;
and that they were never sure they had hit upon
the right one; for they had quite equal causes of
war against both. They recollected La Fayette
was with us, and that, I believe, turned the scales
against England. Says the court of that day:
" The power of governing and legislating for a Territory
is tiic inevitable consequence of the right to acquire and
hold teiritory. Could tins position bo contested, the Con-
stitution declarer that-Congress bhall have power to dispose
of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory or other property belonging to the United States
accordingly, wo find Congress possessing and exercising the
absolute and undisputed power of governing and legislating
for the Territory of Orleans."
Do you not think, Mr. Clerk, that John Mar-
shall was a man who knew and understood' thfe
subject then before him? If any question could
be submitted to the mind of that man with which
he was more familiar than any other, it was a
question arising undefr the powers of the Govern-
ment as defined in that Constitution. We know-
that the whole court agreed with him in 1810. I
have shown the legislative history of this ques-
tion . Now, it was declared by the Supreme Court
as early as 1810, that the power to govern the
Territories arises under the power to acquire ter-
ritory, or under the clause of the Constitution
authorizing Congress to make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory and other
property of the United States. So much for 1810.
Now,some years have elapsed. In 1 Pcters,pago
511, there isa reference to the same question, and
the law is laid down in the same terms as in 1810.
In the mean time, says Judge Marshall:
" Florida continues to be a Territory of the United States,
governed by that clause of the Constitution which empow-
ers Congress to make nil needful rules and regulations
re&pccung the territory or other property of the United
States."
He goes on:
(C Perhaps the power of governing a Territory belonging
to the United States, which has not, by becoming a State,
acquired the means of self-government, may result neces-
sarily from the facts that it is not within the jurisdiction of
any particular State, and is within the power and juris-
diction of the United States. The right to govern maybe
themevltabie consequence of theright to acquire territory.
Whichever may be the source whence the power may be
derived, tlie possession of it is unquestioned."
These Republican traitors, these dupes, these
insurrectionists, these one hundred and thirteen
men who were, as you say, by intendment, at
Harper's Ferry-with John Brown;these men have
commuted no sin but that of believing with Judge
Marshall, and with the Supremo Court up to the
year 1828, in the opinions they entertain. I shall
show, by and by, that the same doctrine now held
by the Republican party was carried forward b^
an unbroken currcnt of decisions up to the year
1852.
Much is said by the present Democratic party
just now about the sanctity of constitutional law,
as delivered to us by the Supreme Court. I revere
that great court, and will abide its decisrous, when
made upon any question brought fairly on the
record before them; which, I maintain, was not
done, as some suppose, in the famous Dred Scott
case. Gentlemen on the other side would disre-
gard the solemn decisions of that court for half a
century, and cling to an obiter dictum, casually
thrown out in a single case recently. They
remind me of a dispute between two excellent
clergymen. They both regarded the Old and New
Testaments very properly tfs the oracles of God;
but they di/ferei as to their meaning. " Well*
brother,"said the old Methodist, "we agree well
enough about the Adamic Jaw and the Abrahamic
covenant, and the Divine legation of Moses; but
when we come to the Christian dispensation, you
will fork off." Our Democratic brethren here
have a strange disposition to "fork off'1 from us,
and run after the casual remarks of the court, the
" obiter dicta" of the court, to express it in judicial
phrase, while they travel on with us in the well-
paved highway up to 1852.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I know that this long wan-
dering journey among the legislative annals and
judicial Accords of the country, is very tedious;
but truth is a jewel of such precious value that
we are told we must go to the bottom of a deep
well after it, if, perchance, we may find it there.
I wish to let down my pitcher for another draught
of that sort of water from the well of the Su-
preme Court. Two decisions of that court we
have had already. Here is the third in the year
1853. We are coming now close upon the period
of the Democratic Hegira. In 1853, a very few
weeks before the introduction of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, there was an opinion pronounced by
Judge Wayne, at the December term of that court,
in which he said:
"The Territory [speaking of California] had been ceded
as a conquest, and was to be preserved and governed as
such, until tlie sovereignty to which it passed {the United
States] had legislated for it."
He proceeds:
"That sovereignty was the United States, under the Con-
stitution, by which power had been given to Congress 4 to
dispose of and make ail needful rule? and regulations
