1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say a word personal
to myself. [Cries of " Order!"]
A Member on the Republican side. You have
had your personal explanation.
Mr. LOGAN. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to yield me the floor on this ground. This
letter has been presented here and read, in re-
spect to my acts, and desiring that I may bp, hung.
Now, I merely wish to have sent to the Clerk s
desk a paragraph from a newspaper, which I desire
to have read. It is very short, and I wish to make
a statement in regard to it.
Mr. OLIN. I object.
Mr. FENTON. I insist on the gentleman from
Ohio proceeding with his remarks, or yielding ihe
floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to address a remark to
the gentlemen who are objecting. [Calls of " Or-
der !"]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
will not be in order while objection is made.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
from Ohio allow me 
Members on the Republican side. "No!"
"No!" (' No !"
Mi. BINGHAM. I objret to my colleague
being interrupted.
Mr. PETTIT. I call the gentleman from
Illin#is to order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. As it appears to bo
the general desire of gentlemen to hear the gentle-
man from Ohio, I will seek another time to call
the attention of the House to what I desire to say.
Several Members. Any other time.
Mr. CORWIN then resumed the floor, and
concluded his speech. [It will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. KEITT then obtained the iloor;but yielded
it to
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, who moved that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to: and thereupon (at
half pastfour o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 25, 1860.
Prayer by tho Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurl.ey.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of James
Birdsong, administrator of Sally Ellis, deceased,
praying that a pension may be allowed her from
the death of her husband, at the same rate re-
ceived by him in his lifetime; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of John
A. Smith, clerir of the circuit and criminal courts
in the District of Columbia, praying- that the mar-
shal may be authorized and required by law to
collect clerks' fees, as is provided by the laws of
Maryland; and that his accounts may be opened
and settled upon correct principles, and that he be
allowed credit for all Ices returned uncollectable;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I present the memorial
of George G. Barnard, of New York, assignee of
David C. Broderick, deceased, praying that pro-
vision may be made by Congiess by means of
which he, as assignee, may receive the.amount
of mileage or salary, whatever it may be, that
was due to Mr. Broderick at tho time of his death,
with certain papers accompanyingtho same; which
I move to refer to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before that reference is
made, I wish to say that we find in the Judiciary
Committee that we are getting a great many refer-
ences on matters that really ao not belong to us.
We have heretofore not made a point of it in the
Senate; but I desire to inquire of the Senator from
Maine in what way tins is properly referable to
that committee ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because a question of law
arises as to the disposition, growing out of the
statute which has been passed m reference to the
compensation of members of Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does it simply raise the
question of the construction of an existing law ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the first question,
undoubtedly, connected with it, and then how far
the laws that do exist m reference to the subject
re or should be binding upon Congress under the
p"cuhar circumstances of the case.
Mr. BENJAMIN, i withdraw the objection.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I have considered the
question, and thought it appropriate to that com-
mittee.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
_ Mr. PESSENDEN. I also present the memo-
rial of the American Missionary Association,
praying that additional laws may be passed to
restrain the foreign slave trade. They have set
forth that they have long held a mission on the
shores of Africa, and that their operations there
arc seriously interfered with by those who carry
on the slave trade contrary to law; that the effect
of it is to produce a great deal of intemperance and
vice among the natives, leading to wars and diffi-
culties of all descriptions, by which their opera-
tions, with reference to christianizing the natives,
are very much interfered with and prevented. The
memorial is one that is well worth reading, and I
move that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memoi ml of Sallio Eol'i Roneau,pry-
ing an appiopriatton of a portion of unappiopuatcd public
land m the State of Mississippi, for tho piirpot-c of endow-
ing tho State Female College of Mississippi, on the file:* of
the Senate, be re.ieired to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered. That the memorial oi Marshall O. Roberts and
otheio, trustees of A. G. Sloo, contiaclor for cariying the
mail between Now York, New O IJ.ivana, and Cha-
gre**, piaying additional compensation for extra mail facil-
ities on that mute, oil the files ot the Senate, be lelerred to
the Committee on the post Office and Post Road-s.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That the petition ot William 15. iicrrick, a sur-
geon in tho Anny, duimg the war with Mexico, piavini to
be allowed a pension,on the fihsof thoSenate, be refeired
to the Committee on Pensions..
REPORT 01? A COMMITTEE.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
86) to amend the existing laws relative to the com-
pensation of the district attorneys, marshals, and
clerks of the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States, icporled it with an amendment.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 104) for the final adjustment of private land
claims in the States of Florida, Louisiana, Ar-
kansas, and Missouri, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its titl<% and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
REGENCY OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was consideied by unauimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That (he vacancy in the Roaid of Regents oi
the Sinith&omaii Institution, occasioned b} th" expiiation
ot the teim ot Hon. Stephen A. Doi'gl\s, l>e now filled
by the President of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Hon. Ste-
phen A. Douglas to fill the vacancy.
PRINTING INVESTIGATION.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
King, Slidell, Antiiony, Powell, and Ken-
nedy, as the special committee authorized by the
resolution submitted by Mr. King, and adopted
yesterday.
UNION MEETING AT TROY, NEW YORK.
Mr. LANE. I hold m my hand, and have been
requested to lay before the Senate, the report of
the proceedings of a Union meeting held in the
city of Troy, New York, on the evening of the
28th of December last. The meeting seems to have
been attended by a very large number of the most
respectable and influential of the citizens, with
some of whom I am personally acquainted, and
others I know by reputation. The secretary of
the meeting, in his letter to me inclosing the pro-
ceedings, says:
" Our citizen-* are true and faithful to the Union and the
Constitution of the country, <tnd the} desue the fact to be
1 known of all men ' Our meeting was one of the latge^t
and most respectable ever held in the city, combining m
an eminent decree the patiiotism, wealth, and talent ot our
citizens. Wc believe that demonstrations of tin** character
will do some good towards allaying the unfoitumite political
agitations of the day; and oui citizens, ever anxious for the
character of the city of their home, desire that their position
♦should bo sissuidelvknown a** po««ab!e at tins time.55
In performing the duty assigned me, Mr. Presi-
dent, I may be permitted to remark that no one
could be found m this body to whom the task of
presenting these papers would be more acceptable
and agreeable. 1 may not approve every word
uttered at the meeting, as reported; but upon ex-
amination of the resolutions adopted, aiM also the
speeches delivered on the occasion by two dis-
tinguished citizens of the Empire State, I find the-
tone and import of the resolutions and speeches
eminently patriotic and conservative; and such
being the ease, I take great pleasurerln presenting
them to this body as another manifestation of a
sound and healthy state of public sentiment, vhich
in the hour of gloom and distrust and alienation,
cannot fail to have a salutary ctfect in allaying
agitation and restoring those fraternal feelings
which should ever exist among the members of
©ur common Union.
I am aware, sir, that there are those in and out
of Congress who ridicule these Union meetings,
holding that the Union is in no danger, and that
even if it were in danger, such meetings would
not save it. I envy not the man who, whether
these meetings do good or not, make them the
subject of merriment and derision. To adopt the
language of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] on a late occasion, " levity in the presence
of the dangers which surround us, is as ill-timed
and inappropriate as the laugh of the inebriate at
the/bed of death." That dangers do surround us;
that the Union is imperiled by the present posi-
tion and tendency of parties, and the general cur-
rent of political events during the last year, no
one can deny. We have been drifting towards
disunion faster than we permitted ourselves to
believe. If, as we approach the fearful abyss,
some persons should sec fit to sound the alarm,
and, by the only means in their power, endeavor
to save themselves and the country fiom certain
destruction, though they may fail to do so, the
motive which impels them to make the effort is
worthy and commendable; and the men engaged
in suck an undertaking should be treated with the
respect due to integrity of motive and the sincerity
of a proper feehng*of patriotism.
I am gratified that these meetings are held in
the northern States; I hope they will continue to
be held in all the great cities and largw towns and
agricultural districts until the conservative senti-
ment of that section shall have spoken in tones
which cannot be misunderstood, that the Consti-
tution shall be maintained in letter and spirit; that
equality of States and their equal right in the
territory, and all other blessings secured by the
Constitution shall prevail Every such manifest-
ation I hail with the joy of the husbandman, who,
seeing the morning sunlight bursting through the
broken clouds, knows that the tempest has past,
and that a night of storms will be followed by the
calm repose of a day of sunshine and peace. I
believe that these meetings arc indications of a
settled determination on the part of the great and
growing conservative element of the North to put
a stop to our unhappy and worse than unprofit-
able political agitations. The commercial classes,
the mechanics, the farmers of the North and W est,
sec that they have far more interest in this mat-
ter than demagogues and agitators. Let them
speak out, as they haw in this meeting at Tioy.
Our southern friends, I hope, will see that the
spirit of patriotism and devotion to the Constitu-
tion is not yet extinct; that though dangers now
threaten and perilsenviron us on every side, pas-
sion will ere long subside, the clouds which darken
our political firmament pass away, and peacc and
concord once more prevail throughout the coun-
try. Let us not yet " despair of the Republic."
I ask, Mr. President, if it is m order, that the
resolutions be read.
Mr. HALE. I rise formally to object to the
reception of these resolutions. I will state, m a
very few words, my reason, and then leave the
matter to the Senate. My impression is, and if
I am wrong I can be corrected by older members
of the Senate, who know a great deal more of
these things than I do, that the Senate have here-
tofore refused to receive and place on their files
the proceedings of public meetings expressive of
opinion, which do not ask or invoke any action
of the Senate or of the Legislature. This subject
has been before the Senate frequently since I have
had the honor to be a member of it, and my rec-
ollection is that the mere record and expression
