2532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
for agencies of some sort, reducing the amount of
the reductions or curtailments of inland service to
some four hundred thousand dollars, or about
three or four per cent, upon the amount paid for
the entire service, showing but a trifling reduction.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me,
1 will state what I said.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understood the Senator to
say about three or four per cent., or about three
hundred thousand dollars of curtailments. That
is what you said the first day.
Mr. PEARCE. I said this: that the Post-
master General, at the time he made the report on
this subject, or rather wrote a letter to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the House, esti-
mated that $500,000 would be necessary if we
restored all these routes. The House cut ltdown,
however, to about three hundred thousand dol-
lars; and I showed that these inductions were
made up of reductions on the Pacific service, and,
by the discontinuance of river steamboat routes,
left only some four hundred and fifty thousand
dollars for all the rest of the routes of the coun-
try, which was a small portion of the whole
amount of the sum expended.
Mr. SIMMONS. That ^understood to be the
ease. He accounted for this curtailment of ex-
penditures by other means than this reduction of
service for all but about four hundred thousand
dollars. The next day, however, lie had a letter
that said if we restored this service it would take
$1,500,000 to pay for it.
Mr. PEARCE. For the year. I supposed it
would come into the bill for next year. This is
a bill making additional appropriations for the
postal service during the year ending the 30th of
June, 1860. I say, that at the time the Postmas-
ter General addressed the letter to the Committee
of Ways and Means, there was a considerable in-
terval before the termination of the fiscal year.
Of course, the less time there is to operate, the
smaller the sum will be.
Mr. SIMMONS. At any rate, there was to be
a curtailment of expenditures of $1,800,000.
Mr. PEARCE. In the whole year.
Mr. SIMMONS. According to whatever it
was. If it had been six months, $400,000; and
$300,000 for the present year.
Mr. PEARCE. The letter to which I referred
was dated in March, and would be for about three
months' service.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no desire to embarrass
the Senator. 1 have tried to have some repoits
of some of the Departments of this Administration
explained, and found difficulty in ^understanding
them. He will find it somewhat difficult to ex-
plain everything. I can never learn anything
certain by the reports. If they want the Senator
to defend the reduction of the service, it will be
a small curtailment, three or four hundred thou-
sand dollars; but when they want to prevent that
service from being restored, it will be $1,500,000.
1 blame nobody about such discrepancics;peo-
ple look for such things as they want to find.
Last year, when a similar discussion was had
before the Senate, 1 said something of a recom-
mendation that was made to Congress urgingthe
passage of a law requiring the contracts to be let
to the lowest bidder, or requiring the Department
to accept what are called " star bids." 1 stated
that such was the law now, without further legis-
lation; and the Senator from Florida [Mr. Yulee]
rose and said it was easy to make groundless
charges. I was about to correct this by reading
the law, when he crossed the Chamber and said
he was mistaken; and, after an apology, desired
m opportunity of correcting his mistake himself.
I have never heard the correction, but will give
him an opportunity of now correcting what seemed
to impute to me a purpose of making a ground-
less clisrge.
Mr. YULEE. The circumstance has passed
entirely from my mind.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator forgot to make
it, undoubtedly.
Mr. YULEE. Without my reviewing what
was done last year, it would be impossible for
me to make the correction.
Mr. SIMMONS. No matter.
Mr. YULEE. I will correct it, if I find that I
was mistaken. i
Mr. SIMMONS. I will correct it now myself.
Mr. YULEE. Did I say that the law directed
if?
Mr. SIMMONS. No; bxit you said I made a
groundless charge about it.
Mr. YULEE. Well, I will look at what
passed, and see.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator this year, when
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
was speaking of the increase of the receipts on the
low postage, got up and said the Senator from
New Hampshire was mistaken; that there was
ocean postage included in the tables to which he
was alluding. That did not matter. I should like
to know if the ocean service was not included be-
fore the postage was reduced?
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; not before 1850. The
system of foreign mail service was not then in
existence.
Mr. SIMMONS. I happen to know that, when
I went out of the Senate, in 1847, the Cunard line
was running before that, and we reported a bill
for the Collins line, an opposition line, an Amer-
ican line, to compete with them; and that ever
sin&e I can remember having had a ship letter, I
always paid postage for it, before there were mail
steamers.
Mr. YULEE There was no postal treaty at
that time, and we received nothing from the
Cunarders. No provision was made with the
Collins line until 1851 or 1852. But with refer-
ence to the other matter to which the Senator ad-
verted just now, I will say this—whateyer the
practice was before, it is certainly that now: no
bida are accepted by the Post Office Department
but star bids.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I want the Senator to
retract the charge ho made against me. They
have not had any additional law, and then I did
not make a groundless charge.
Mr. YULEE. I will see what charge I made
in that respect, and correct it if I was wrong.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, whatever be the effect
of the postal treaties, and all that, it does not af-
fect this great fact, that we have increased the
revenues of the Post Office Department since this
great reduction, man for man, in the country.
Mr. YULEE. I will say, in respect to the for-
eign and ocean service, that it is so large an item
as this: it amounts to $1,800,000 a year.
Mr. SIMMONS. I take my figures from the
tables. I find another fact that is disclosed m these
tables. In 1853, the end of Mr. Fillmore's admin-
istration, the whole expenses of this postal de-
partment, as carried out m these tables, without
these addenda afterwards, was somewhere about
six and a quarter millions of dollars, and last year
the'same item was put at #13,500,000; in eight
years the yearly expense more than doubled.
This accounts for these great deficiencies.
I shall vote for the House provision, with a
large discretion to the Postmaster General in re-
gard to a reduction of service, and not insist upon
this reduction, which was made from necessity,
he being out of money; but when he reduces, let
it be done because the service justifies it. Let
him keep up a proper postal system, I am very
sorry that the expenses increase so rapidly, but
1 do not intend to hold responsible for them the
present Postmaster General.
Mr. POLK. I am very reluctant to occupy
any of the time of the Senate in protracting this
discussion; but I think a few words are called for
in reference especially to a suggestion made by
the Senator from Maryland, winch was accepted
by the Senator from Vermont and incorporated
into his amendment. I will observe preliminarily
that it seems to me the history of what has taken
place in regard to this amendment shows the im-
policy of it. The Senator from Vermont com-
menced by specifying two land routes, I think,
in his amendment, and one river route. Then a
suggestion was made to him that another land
route ought to be included; and he accepts that
suggestion. A further suggestion is made to him
that still another route ought to be included, and
he excepts that; and wherever a route is suggested
by any Senatoras in his opinion being one upon
which the service ought not to be increased, he
excepts it. Now, it may be that the Postmaster
General, who has this entire field before him; who
knows each route; who knows the entire service
on it; who knows the amount of postages received
on each mail route, and how much is paid for
keeping up each mail route, may know a good
many other instances m which there ought to be
no restoration of service that will not be suggested
to the Senator from Vermont at all; and that
shows the propriety of leaving this reduction on
the one hand and the restoration of service on the
other to the Postmaster General, who is perfectly
familiar with the subject, as I suppose. At all
events, he is getting to be more and more so every
da^, and he is a man who is capable of being
made perfectly familiar with it. It would bo
much better, therefore, not to adopt the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont, for
considerations of that kind.
Then, again, Mr. President, a suggestion was
made by the Senatorfrom Maryland thatexcludes
the restoration of service in one route which 1
think is, of all others, the very one that ought
not to be excluded, and ought not to be embraced
in the exception; and that is the route from St.
Joseph to Placerville, in California. Now, we
know this fact, that the mail matter transported
on that route has been increasing, not merely
yearly, but monthly and daily, weekly certainly "
—I believe it has never run daily—ever since it
was established. Previous to' last July it was
weekly; but on last July there was a reduction
made of the service on that route from weekly to
semi-monthly. The reduction was not tha result
of any diminution of mail matter to be carried;
on the contrary, the mail matter has been increas-
ing on the route. The leduction was made, and
the result of it was that the contractors who had
it prior to the reduction were broken up, ruined,
and compelled to withdraw from the route and
from the service on it, at an enormous pecuniary
sacrifice, that swamped them and their securities
utterly, totally. Another party bought their stock
at an immense sacrifice; and purchasing at an im-
mense sacrifice, they were enabled to run the mail
at the reduced price at which the Postmaster Gen-
eral fixed the compensation; but at the same time
the mail matter was sufficient to load a four-l^orse
post coach or mule coach for one trip every week;
and these contractors,afteritwas reduced to semi-
monthly trips, actually continued to run the ser-
vice weekly, because it was less expensive for
them. If they ran only once every two weeks,
then, instead of going with one coach and four
mules, they wore compelled to go with two coaches
and eight mules. It has been shown—I have seen
it shown, by proof under oath—that the increase
of teams on this route, as the consequence of that
reduction, has been double the amount it was be-
fore: on one section of it upwards of a hundred; a
on another section of it, some fifteen teams of four
mules each; on another section of it, some eighty-
odd, I think; so that there has been an actual in-
crease of the expense of carrying the mail; and if
the bidder were permitted to carry the mail once a
week instead of semi-monthly, he could afford to
carry it at a less rate than he can carry it semi-
monthly; and yet, by this amendment, the Post-
master General is not permitted to restore this
service to a weekly service, but is compelled to
keep it at a semi-monthly service.
Now, Mr. President, I undertake to say that
there is not an instance that is parallel to that in
the country. There may be one in Texas, per-
haps; but aside from these frontier routes, that
communicate between our frontier routes on this
side of the Rocky Mountains with the Pacific
States on the other side of the Rocky Mountains,
there is not a parallel to these cases in the whole
United States; and yet the Senator from Vermont
accepts a suggestion from the Senator from Ma-
ryland that prohibits the increase of service on
this route, when the service, by being increased,
may be reduced in its expenses. The plainest
conclusion that can be made by any man who
understands the state of facts there, and any man
who has seen the proof that has been made m re-
gard to this very route, m fact, in another phase
of it, will see that the reduction of the service to
semi-monthly, instead of weekly, actually is fol-
lowed by an increase of expense.
Mr. President, this shows how important it is
to leave this matter to the discretion of those who
understand the whole subject; and not, on a par-
tial view of it, for us to undertake to legislate so
that the hands of the Postmaster General are tied
up, not only in such a way that he cannot ren-
der efficient and adequate mail facilities to the
great mass of the people who arc accommodated
by this line, but so that he cannot make the very
reforms that you are seeking to have made by this
bill. I think the Senator from California has well
