1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Aldermen, and nine members of the boaid of Common
Council, of the said town, recommended the same thing.
(See Appendix I.)
In the Daily Globe of April 2, Mr. Brown is reported to
have said:
" First, in so much as relates to the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company, we lound that that had been an existing
company for six or seven years ; that it had never, during
ail that time, made one inch of progress towards the con-
struction of its road. It made a call of some slight percent-
age— 1 do not know how much—three, or four, or five per
cent.j it was paid by some subscribers to the stock, but no-
thing was done. The company seemed to be languishing—.
in fa.ct dead, in everything but name." * * * *
"Ft made no progress; it seemed to have no vitality—seemed
indisposed, heretofore, to do anything. Its dii ectors came,
through their agent, and represented to the committee ^hat
if this privilege of constructing a railroad on the avenue
should be given to them, then, out of the profits arisingfrom
it, they were going to construct a railroad fi om Georgetown
to the Point of Rocks—a work that is going to cost three
millions, I think, by the lowest estimate. We did not be-
lieve a word of that; we thought it was a piece of humhug-
gery, and dismissed the whole thing." * * * *
li So Car asthe Metropolitan railroad is concerned, I said be-
fore that J regarded it rather as a myth. There is really
nothing of it, and never has been. It has a charter, and has
had it for six or seven years, but has done nothing under the
charter; has not proceeded to work; has no money; never
hashadany; neverwillhave any." * * * * "If
the Stockholders in thetwocities—such gentlemen as those
whose names I have read—are protesting against it, saying
that those whoare petitioning in their name arc using an au-
thority never delegated to them, I think we had better stop,
especially after the committee have investigated the subject
very closely. I did not speak without investigation. The
committee looked into it very rigidly, and made up their
minds deliberately, that the Metropolitan Railroad Company
was defunct—gone."
In the same paper, Mr. Hamlin is reported to have
said :>
* " Now, sir, looking at all the antecedents of the Metro-
politan road—looking at the fact that its stockholders who
had money have not paid it in; looking at the fact that it has
slumbered all this time, and will slumber always, in hiy
judgment, whether you give it this fianchise or not—I say
it presents no case which commends it to our favorable
judgment. I have my own opinions about this railway. I
have formed them from the best opinions I can gather."
* * * * " And I concur fully with the chairman
[ofthe committee] in raying thai in my judgmcultho Metro-
politan Railroad Company may be rogauled as a defunct
thing, whether they get this charter or not; and 1 think it
is the best illustration, legislatively, that 1 have ever known
of what Virgil describes as binding dead caicassed to liv-
ing bodies. This corporation, 1 say, in my judgment, is to
be' regarded as a defunct corporation. Some &ix or seven
years ago persons subscribed money to it, but they never
paid a dollar, or very few dollars."
' In answer to what has been said by the honorable Sena-
tors, Messrs. Brown and Hamlin, in relation to the Metro-
politan Railroad Company as a dead and defunct concern,
we respectively affirm that the present directors of that com-
pany, and we doubt not, ail of the stockholders, m Wash-
ington and Georgetown, whose names are appended to the
rri'emorlal in the appendix, marked II, do verily believe that
the Metropolitan Railroad Company is a living embodiment,
and \yill, in good faith, and within a reasonable time, con,
struct the Metropolitan railroad, as well as the city roads,
if tho franchise is granted to the said company.
It is true that the Metropolitan Railroad Company has
been in a languishing condition, caused mainly by the veto
of the Mayor of Georgetown of the ordinance of tlie corpo-
ration of said town, pioviding for the payment of the sec-
ond installment upon the stock subscribed for by the said
town.
It appears from the report of J. W. Decide, treasurer of
the said company, of July 1, 1853, that the amount re-
ceived by him as treasurer, on account of the first install-
ment of five dollars per share on the stock Subscribed, and
payment or two shares in full, was $50,01)1,of whicji there
was then in his hands an unexpended balance of $25,286 67.
(See Appendix K.)
The report of William H. Grant, acting chicf engineer of
Raid company, of July 3,1854, shows that preliminary sur-
vey* of four lines were made in order to determine the best
location for the said road from Georgetown to the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad and the city of Frederick, and three lines
from the city of Frederick to Hagerstown. On page 15 of
*ald report, Mr. Grant says:
" Between five and six hundred miles oflines have been
Instrumontally traced and mapped, with the details of to-
pography, profiles, &c."
Mr. Hamlin, during tho same debate, said:
"If it ftheMetropolitan railroad]could connect with nil
the travel from the we&t at the Point of Rocks, and secure
that travel to this placc, it might be of s?me value; cer-
tainly of vastly more value than it can be now, because the
Loudoun and Hampshire road is now constructed some
ninety miles."
Mr. Brown also said:
4<The utility of the road, if it were constructed, has al-
. ready been superseded by the construction of another road
by men of energy, who not only got a charter, but wont to
work under it. The Alexandria, Loudoun, and Hampshiie
load has been constructed a distance of some eighty miles
or more, and is going on rapidly to completion." *
Tho president of the Alexandria, Loudoun, and Hamp-
shire railroad, Lewis McKenzie, in his seventh annual re-
port, of the I5th of November, 1859, near the bottom of page
5, says.
" A few thousand cross-tie* only are wanting for the track
to Leesburg, [thirty-six miles,] which important town we
hope and expect to reach by January next. The board
expects soon to have in active use that portion of the road
which extends from Alexandria to Broad Run." (See Ap-
pendix L.)
The foil
following an extract from a letter dated Alexan-
dria, April 4,1860, and contains information which may be
relied on:
"The Loudoun and Hampshire railroad is finished to Lees- „
burg, Viigima. The cars have been imining on the same
since the 16th day of January, I860, and are now landing
passengers within four miles of said town, connecting with
a line of coaches. Piedmont is distant from Alexandria
one hundred and seventy miles. The country from Win-
chester to Piedmont is mountainous and hilly. The Lou-
doun and Hampshire railroad is graded, say four miles above
Leesburg, and under contract to Winchester. The esti-
mated cost of the road to Piedmont, fully equipped and in
running order, §8,000,000, and to the town of Winchester,
$3,000,000."
In continuation, Mr. Hamlin said:
" I am aware that the amendment submitted by the Sena-
tor fiom Maiyland contains a provision that the road shall
be completed within six months, while the bill reported by
the committee gives to the parties eighteen months. It was
a question well consideied in the committee whether that
should not be i educed to t.weJve ; and I am inclined now
to think it might be reduced to twelve months ; but I think
the clause m the Senator's amendment—I do not mean to
impute it to him—con veys a suspicion upon the whole thing.
1 atlirm that it cannot be done in six months." * *
* * "The time named in the Senator's proposition
is so short, that" instead of commending itself to my judg-
ment as favorable, it creates, I confess, a suspicion. I
have no opinions of my own that I form on my own ex-
perience upon these points; but I speak that which is com-
municated to me by practical men—by men who know ail
about these works—and I lely upon them, as I am bound
to rely on them, for the best information I can have."
In answer to that poition of Mr. Hamlin's speech just
quoted, we will present the letter of Messrs. Hathaway &
Hodgman, who have had much experience m the construc-
tion of city passenger railways. It is as follows :
Washington, March 27,1860.
To the President anADircctors of the Metropolitan Railroad
Company:
Gentlemen : We will agree to build your road in "Wash-
ington and Georgetown at the rate of one mile per week,
and finish the road ready for the cars. We will also agree
to build the road iiom the President's House (Washington)
to the Capitol, and furnish ten (10) oars on the load ready
for use, m .thirty (M) days aftci you give us the order to
commence work.
We have built sonic seventy-five (7o) miles of road in
Philadelphia, twenty-eight (28) miles in St. Louis, and ten
(10) miles in Cincinnati, liefer to John P. Veriee, mem-
ber of Congress, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; J. R. Bairett,
member of Congress, St. Ijouis, Mi^souu ; Uobert F. Tay-
lor, president Second and Third Street laiiroad, Philadel-
phia, rennsylvania; Martain Thomas, president Race and
Vine Streetraihoad,Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; William
Wright, piesideut West Philadelphia laiiroad, Pennsylva-
nia ; Stuckland Kueass, chief engineer city, Philadelphia.
Respectfully yours.
IIATHAWAY &, IIODGMAN.
Mr. Brown, In continuation of the debate, said :
" 1 will state in that conncction, If my colleague on the
committee will allow me, that the city of Georgetown made
a subscription to the Metiopolitan Railroad Company, and
subsequently withdrew the subset iption,and tiansferied the
money to the Loudoun and Hampshiie road—the live one.
" Mr. IIami.in. I was going to make the same icmarlc.
Thoy hubscubed, I think, on papot, about half a million dol-
lars—a nominal sum. Peihaps enough to make the survey
was paid in; and to save their charter, the wotk was com-
menced— ne spadeful of dutdu"."
In answer to the above rcmaiks of ihese honorable Sen-
ators, your mcmoiiatists beg leave to refer to the following
statement Hit.1 cleik of the corporation ot Georgetown :
April 6, I860.
The corporation of Georgetown hnve made no change
whatever in the oiiginal law authouzing a subsciiption to
the Metropolitan railroad stock. They passed a lawauthor-
izinga subscription to the Aiexandiia, Loudoun,and Hamp-
shire raihoad st^ck, under eeitain conditions, but without
any reference to, oi connection with, the subscription to the
Metiopolitan laiiroad stock.
WILLIAM LAIRD,
Clerk Corporation Georgetown.
Your memorialists futthcr represent, that at a meeting of
the stockholders of the Metropolitan Kailroad Companj,
held on the 7th da> of November last, twelve directois of
said company were elected, which will appear from the
following certificate:
Office Metropolitan Railroad Company,
gtorgetown, april 4, 1860.
Thin is to certify that at a meeting of the stockholders of
the Metiopolitan Raihoad Companj, held in puisuance of
a call made in compliance with the chaiter ot said com-
pany, on the 7th November, 1859, the following gentlemen
were elected directors: Daniel Weiscl, 15. (). Tavloe, B.
H. Fieneh. H. S. Davis, W. II. Edes, F. Wr Risque, F. C.
Cloppei, J.G. Beriet, lr. Ward, A.11. Pickrell, I). English,
F. Dodge. J. W. DtttiBLB. '
Secretary Metropolitan Ilailroad Company.
At this election, as appear fiom the above ccitificate,
Colonel James G. Berret was elected one of the directors
of the company. Detoie the day of election, one of the
piesent directors called upon Colonel Beuet to ascertain
whether he would accept if elected. Colonel Berret an-
swered in the affirmative, and we have beeninfoimed that
he seemed to be much gratified at his election, ami declared
that he could be oigreat seivice to the compain before Con-
gress. He became adneetot, as we believe", with a full
knowledge that the Metropolitan Raihoad Company had
applied during the last Congress lot the fianchise of the
city passenger railways m Washington and Geoigetown,
and that the application would be renewed during the pres-
ent session of Congress. About tho 20th or 21st Maich ul-
timo,one of your memorialists (F. W. Risque) called upon
Colonel Berret, and requested him, as astockholder of the
Metiopolitan raihoad, U> sign a memorial praying Congiess
to grant to the said company the fianchise of the city iaii-
vvays.
He declined to do so, however, upon the ground, sub-
stantially, as he then stilted, that as he was Mayor of the
city, he might be called upon for some official action in re-
lation to the matter, and it would therefore be improper for
him to sign. This answer was <o perfectly satistactory to
F. W. Risque, that he spoke of it in terms of high com-
mendation. Colonel Berret also stated to F. W. Risque,
who was entirely ignorant of the fact up to that time, that
he had tendeied his resignation as a director to Colonel
Tayloe. James G. Berret, the Mayor of Washington, and
Henry Addison, the acting Mayor of Georgetown, weie by
the unanimous consent of the Senate of the United States,
permitted to enter the Hall of that dignified body for the
purpose, as was no doubt supposed by Senators, to piomote
the, general interests of their respective constituencies,
and not to use their official influence in behalf of a few in-
dividuals. We are informed, and believe, that on Satur-
day last, during a debate in the Senate on the city railway
bill, those gentlemen advocated the passage of the bill re-
ported by the Senate committee, and opposed the applica-
tion of the Metropolitan Railroad Company.
As to the bill leported by the Senate committee, it does
not appear, so far as we have been able to ascertain, that
any memorial of the citizens of Washington and George-
town, except that of the gentlemen named in said bill, has
ever been presented to Congress, praying that the grant of
the city lailway be given to them. The franchise piayed
for by them is valuable, and may be disposed of by them
as soon as the same is obtained, there being no clause in
said bill to prevent the sale or assignment thereof. On the
memorial of the stockholders of the Metropolitan Railroad
Company, praying for a grant of the franchise for city rail-
ways to that company, will be found many of the most
influential and lespectable citizens of Washington and
Georgetown, some of whom are gentlemen of large for-
tunes.
We believe, that if a vote of the people of Washington
and Georgetown could be taken, there would be a largo
majority in favor of granting the city railway franchise to
the Metropolitan Railroad Company.
A protest was presented to the Senate on Saturday last,
signed by a few of the stockholder of the Metropolitan
Raihoad Company, protesting against the grant to the Met-
ropolitan company. Two of the gentlemen above referred
to, arc George Parker and Joseph Bryan—both of whom
have sinned the memorial of the stockholders of the Metro-
politan company. (See Appendix II.)
The late John W. Maury was one of the waimest friends
of the Metropolitan Railroad Company, and subscribed for
sixty shares of the stock of said company, amounting to
$3,0"00. We are mfoimed that while that distinguished gen-
tleman was Mayor of Washington, he and other citizens
of Washington assured the president and directors of the
Metropolitan company that the coiporation ot Washington
would subscribe for the stock of said company to the ex-
tent of $500,000. But a political revolution took place, by
which John T. Towers was elected Mayor of Washington,
with Boards of Aldermen and Common Council agieemg
with Mr. Towers politically, who refused to carry out the
promise made by Mr. Maury.
In conclusion, your memorialists further represent that
they behove thai the conjunction of the Metropolitan lail-
road, fiom Geoigetown to the I'oint of Rocks, and its ex-
tension through said cities, would be greatly beneficial to
the District of Columbia: liist, in shoitening the distance
to Haipci's Fcny between forty-seven and filly miles; sec-
ond, in opening adueet connection between the District of
Columbiaand the State of Pennsylvania, and the West and
Noithwcst; third, that it would lessen the fare to be paid
by passengers, and be a saving of tome two hoius and fif-
teen minutes of time ; fourth, it would expedite the tians-
mission of the United States mails, and save alaige amount
of cost to the Government in that branch of the public sei-
vice. Therefore, inasmuch a^ a respectable and iarge num-
ber of the stockholders lesidtrig m the cities of Washington
and Georgetown have petitioned that the grant of this fian-
chise of tne city railways may be given to the said company,
we say amen, and, as m duty bound, will ever piay, &c.
BENJAMIN OGLE TAYLOE,
DAVID ENGLISH,
WILLIAM II. EDES,
ADOLPIIUS II. PICKRELL,
FERDINAND W. RISQUE.
Mr. PEARCE. I move that the memorial lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been charged with
the presentation of a petition of Ira Smith and
others, citizens of Peoria, in the State of Illinois,
which is couched in respectful language, and sets
forth that a great alienation of feeling exists be-
tween the people of this country on the subject of
slavery, which is increasing,and is likely, unless
something is done, to terminate 111 a permanent
alienation of feeling between different sections of
the Union;and the petitioners pray that the Con-
gress of the United States will recommend to the
State Legislatures a change of the Constitution
so as to establish a geographical line through all
the Territories of the United States, north of which
slavery shall be prohibited, and south of which
neither the States nor the Federal Government
shall at any time interfere with the introduction
of slavery. I ask leave to present the petition;
and, as it is in respectful language, I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee 011 Territories.
