I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr, C'c^imu.
Ho. of Reps.
got a majority of the Senate; that they will have a
willing, obedient Executive in the White House;
and then, that they will walk over the Constitu-
tion. That is precisely what the Democratic party
of Ohio proposed to do. We Whigs never did
propose to do that. We never believed that we
had any business to " eradicate" slavery. We
never intimated that we could interfere with it in
the South, or that wo desired to interfere with it.
But your Democratic brethren, with whom you are
nowassociatingso happily, believed that identical
doctrine. You charge Mr. Seward with having
introduced into the brain of John Brown the idea
that slavery ought to be uprooted in Jhe States.
I suppose he had seen this resolution passed by
tiie great Democratic party of Ohio in 1848. I
think he lived in that State. You have been spend-
ing days and weeks—seven weeks—in proving
that John Brown never would have been at Har-
per's Ferry, and that Helper never would have
written his book—although he wrote it two or
three years before Mr. Seward made the remark—
if they had not heard that William H. Seward
said there was an 'f irrepressible conflict" between
free labor and slave labor.
Now that is altogether too philosophical an idea
for an enthusiast like John Brown to take hold
of. He had been reading the Old Testament. IIu
was a member of the old New England school of
Presbyterians. He believed it was his duty to
draw the sword of the Lord and Gideon, and to
smite the heathen, everywhere he could, with
sword and battle-ax—not with argument. That is
the way with that set of people. In every battle-
field of the Revolution, if these Yankee regiments
were there and had the slightest chance before the
encounter with the British foe, they would kneel
down and invoke the aid of that God who of old
had bared His right arm for the salvation of his
Seople. These were the kind of men from whom
ohn Brown sprang. When he saw the great
State of Ohio represented by the Democratic
party, and heard them say that slavery was an
enormous evil—an evil which prevented the de-
velopment of the glorious institutions for which
his fathers had fought, what would be his reflec-
tion r " What is to be done to eradicate this in-
stitution?" He would say: "I will strike at this
unholy thing that impedes the onward march of
this Government to that consummation which
shall give freedom to all men !"
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The other part of
the resolution has not been read. As there are
some peculiar beauties in it illustrative of the first
part, I regret that my distinguished colleague has
teen so unfortunate as not to have it in his pos-
session.
Mr. CORWIN. That is the whole of one res-
olution. Tiie next resolution reads:
" But be it further resolved, That the Democracy of Ohio
do, at the same time, fully recognize the doctrine held by
the eaily lathers of tiie Republic, and still maintained by
the Democratic paityinall the States, that to each State be-
longs the right to adopt and modify its own municipal laws;
to regulate its own infrnal affair* ; to hold and maintain
an equal and independent snvciciguty with each andeveiy
other State; and that upon these rights the National Legis-
lature can neither legislate nor encroach.''
That is an entirely different thing. What the
Democratic party proposed tu do was to eradicate
slavery by some means or other. The great sin
that the Republican party has committed, is, it
holds at this day the doctrine which the Democratic
party announced in 1848, though it does not pre-
tend,and has never pretended, that slavery should
.be eradicated in the States, otherwise'than by the
States themselves.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me. [Cries from the Republican
benches of ''No !" "No!"] 1 wish to read some
resolutions of a Democratic State convention. I do
not desire to make even a single comment. [Ciies
of, "Object!" "No!" from the Republican
benches.]
Mr. FENTON. £ object.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. Does my colleague
yield or not?
Mr. GROW and others. YVe object to his
yielding.
Mr. CORWIN. Were the resolutions passed
since 1848?
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. No; in 1840. The
gentleman has brought in a rock from the "sec-
ondary formation" in the political geology of the
Democratic party of Ohio. I want to exhibit a
specimen from the primary formation: the "old
red sandstone" of Ohio politics; the "tertiary"
is al! sound—thoroughly sound. Itis the Cincin-
nati platform upon which we all now stand firm-
ly- [Cries of "Order!" from the Republican
benches.] If my colleague yields to me, you can-
not stop me.
Several Members. We will stop you, for wc
can object to interrbptions.
Mr. COX. I should like to see you stop my col-
league.
Air. YALLANDIGHAM. A gentleman from
Mississippi, a slaveholder, [Mr. Lamar,] was al-
lowed to interrupt and correct my colleague, with-
out a word of objection; and I mean to have, and
will have, just the same rights here that you yield
so readily to slaveholders.
Mr. THEAKER. Who has got the-floor?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the gentleman
himself does not yield, 1 will not go on. What I
wanted to show was the ancient opinions of the
Democratic party of Ohio on the subject of sla-
very and abolition.
Mr. CORWIN, I will cheerfully read the res-
olutions to which my colleague refers. Here they
are:
" Resolved, That, in the opinion of this convention, Con-
press ought not, without the consent of the people of the
District, and of' the States of Viisinia and Maryland, to
abolish slavery in the District ot Columbia; and that the
dibits now making for that purpose bj organized societies
in the fioe Sutes are hostile to the spirit ot the Constitu-
tion, and destructive to the hannonj of the Union.
'• Resjlrcd, That .slaveiv, beiu«j a domestic institution
)0C0<?nized by the Constitution <>1 the United Staf'S \\e,as
citizen-* of a fee State, have no light to lnteriete \\ ith it;
and that the oigam/.mg ot <oeietie< and associations tn the
free Slates m oppo ntion to the m-tiUition^ of r-i-ter Strike,
while pioduetive of no eood, mav b" the eau.-^e ot much
mischief; and while sueh association-?, tor political pui-
po^ef, ouitht to discountenanced by over} lovei of peace
and coneoid;iio sound Demociat wdl have part or lot with
them.
"Resolved, That political Abolitionism is but ancient
Fcdeiviii-m, under a ncwgui«e ; and that the political action
of anti-slavery societies j  only a device for the overthrow
of Demociaey."
Now, Mr. Clerk, it becomes me, of bourse, to
make some remarks. They had abolition socie-
ties springing up in those days, and at that time
it was doubtful with which party these Abolition-
ists would vote. Tlicy put up a separate ticket,
and it was this very ticket thatelccti da President
of the United States in 1%-li, and changed the his-
tory and destiny of this Republic. Gentlemen
remind me that Governor Chase, of Ohio, is a
good Republican now, and a member of the Re-
publican party, and was a member of the Liberty
party m 1844. I believe all this is true. Gov-
ernor Chase's principles are now well known.
He is a Republican now; nothing more. All men
who believe, as the Abolitionists say they be-
lieve, that slavery is such an inherent wrong that
the Constitution and laws can give it no validity,
will go with the Republican party for restricting
it in any place where it does not exist, though it
is now a fact that Abolitionists, as a party, will
have no affiliation with the Republicans. While,
at the same time, this Abolition Society, which
always was opposed to the Whig party, bccause
they did not go far enough upon this subject, de-
feated Henry Clay, the great Whig champion,
made Air. Polk President, acquired territory, and
brought upon you the very questions winch are
now before you.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like here to interrupt
the gentleman. [Cries of " No !" " No !"]
Mr. FENTON. I object.
Mr CORWIN". What I meant to say was,
that m 1848 the northern Democratic party held
these doctrines, going further than the Whig party
of that day, reaching out. their arms further to
get hold of slavery in the States—for I conccive
their action means nothing else—in some foim, by
public opinion, or in .some other way, to restrict
it, and finally to eradicate it. Well, they went on
their way rejoicing, but in 1848, it may be remem-
bered, the democratic party was carried captive
to Babylon, Zachary Taylor was elected Presi-
dent, and he was a Whig. The Democracy hung
their harps upon the willows, by the streams of
Babylon, and lifted up their voices and wept,
[laughter,] and mourned over the slain of the
daughters of their people. What then happened ?
Why we maintained the doctrine that you may
restrict slavery; we stood with the fathers, the
courts, the Congresses, and the President's, man
unbroken and unobstructed current of authority,
up to the year 1852. The Democrats of the North
woke up suddenly, and said that slavery was a
very good thing, that it helped to deveIo|Tthe
resources of the country and improved it.
I only want to show that-the Republicans can-'
not be converted-as quickly as the Democrats. I
only want to show that we are somewhat obsti-
nate in our old opinions, and that when wc go
back, and get into the assemblies of the Fathers—
old rrifen whose garments were yet wot with the
waters of the Red Sea through which they iiad
passed for our deliverance— we find that they held
the Republican doctrines with respect to the Terri-
tories. We cannot account for the sudden conver-
sion of our Democratic brethren of the North. I
hope they arc happy in their new faith. I want
all men to be happy, all people to be happy—men,
women, and children. I see that they are happy.
For instance, if the gentleman from Georgia [Air.
Crawford] were to get into a loving mood with
the Democracy of the North, he might murmur
in the car of my colleague [Mr. VALLAKDigiiAM]
a verse from the elegies of Shcnstone:
"Dearregion of silence and shade,"
in reference to the Democratic party, [lau^iter;]
and then Mr. Yallandigham, m his softest notes
of affection, would take up the strain—
" Soft scenes of contentment and ease,
Whole I have bo happily .strayed,
Sint-e naught in thy absence could please." .
Now, it is pleasant to see them thus dwelling
together, for it is impossible for such a man as I
am, much as I am opposed to their doctrines, to
fail to sympathize with men when I sec they are
perfectly happy. Long may they live; long may
they live; for if they were to die suddenly, they
might die in their sins. [Great laughter.]
A very curious question is this thing of life,
and what a man may do in a lifetime. In 1848,
the Democratic party, with their eyeballs blood-
shot, and the perspiration dropping off their noses,
like one of our sugar-trees in February, upoarthe
south side of a hill, [loud laughter,] with their
resolution in one hand, and the torch of abolition
philosophyin the other, marchcd through the coun-
try, proclaiming universal liberty, and the final
advent of that day when slavery should be no longer
recognized in the land. That is what they did in
eight short years—between 1840 and 1848. That
is but a short time in the annals of this country.
Suppose any man had been gifted as it is supposed
the Wandering Jewwas; suppose Adam had been
cursed with a continued existence up to this day,
and had started off with this doctrine in the be-
ginning, and had changed every eight years: how
many times would he have changed? [Laughter.]
Threescore and ten years seem to be the allotted
period of man in this age of the world; and in
that time he might change seven or eight times.
Now, my Republican friends, do not be discour-
aged. My Democratic friends upon the other side
of the House, do not let me make you unhappy.
This is the year before the presidential election.
Do not flatter yourselves that your Church is well
founded, and that you can go through another
presidential election as you went through the last.
Besides, man is given to change; mutability is
stamped on all things. " Man is few of days and
full of sorrow," [laughter,] "cometh forth like
a flower, is cut down, and flceth away like a
shadow"—every eight years. [Roars of laugli-
ter.]
In 1850 thepresent fugitive slave law was passed.
Now it is always necessary, in order to under-
stand the gyrations of political parties, to know
what happened accidentally or incidentally about
a particular time. A gentleman who had been
jud^e of our supreme court of Ohio, was a Dem-
ocratic candidate for Governor of Ohio in 1852.
Mr. Fillmore was then President, and his was
called a Whig Administration. The extreme anti-
slavery people of the State of Ohio did not like
him. They abhorred him. Mr. Fillmore was
President at the time of the passage of these com-
promise measures. What had the Democratic
party to complain of in them ? Nothing. The fu-
gitive slave law had been passed, andMr. Fillmore
had given it his approval. Judge Wood, the can-
