2534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
no; to make it go this way, and to make it go the
other way; to make it apply to one case, and not
to apply to the same case. All agree that the
Postmaster General is the proper person to leave
this question to; yet you wish to'compel him to
restore the service, and, at the same time, say,
"Well, you need not do it if you do not want
to." Now, I do not understand that. Then an-
other amendment comes in that all we have done
amounts to nothing, and really we must put itall
back where it belongs. I ask if that is becoming
the Senate of the United States? There are but
two questions here. One is, whether we shall vote
for the House bill as it stands; the other is,
whether we shall sustain the recommendation of
the Finance Committee. If we are going to make
exceptions of this route and the other, put this in
one State and that in another,! think we had bet-
ter commence anew, and all have a new deal; be-
cause, if this system is to be adopted here, I think
I shall have some amendments to offer. The Sen-
ate should give its attention to this subject, and
act understandingly upon the question before it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Dixon,
Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hemphill, Kennedy, King, Latham,
Polk, Simmons, Trumbull, Wigfall, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown, Cameron,
Chesnut, Clingman, Collamer, DooHttfe, Durkee, Fessen-
den, Harlan, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tpnnessee, Lane,
Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, Rice, Sauls-
hury, Seward, Slidell, Toombs, Wade, and Yulee—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. GREEN. I shall now vote against this
entire amendment. The Senate have decided that
by this amendment they intend to give the Post-
master General more power to curtail, increase,
and regulate the postal service, than he has by
the law of 1825 and the law of 1836. I shall
therefore vote against it. My amendment was
to leave the law exactly as it is, neither increasing
his power nor diminishing his power. The Sen-
ate has determined otherwise. 1 shall therefore
vote against the amendment; and I really think
we are putting in the hands of an executive offi-
cer a little too much power when we say he shall
exercise an unlimited discretion in all cases what-
soever, to fix the rata of compensation, to fix the
time of departure, to fix the speed at which the
mail shall be carried, regulating it all according
to his own will and pleasure, ruining contractors,
breaking down service, and otherwise incommod-
ing the public interests. I shall vote against it,
and I hope it will all be voted down.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senate, I think, has de-
cided no such principle as the Senator from Mis-
souri assumes to have been decided by the rejec-
tion of his amendment. 1 apprehend that the
Senate consider that under the act of 1825 the
Postmaster General has this power, and has had
it from the date of that act, as he has exercised it
without question from the date of that act down
to this day, of discontinuing and curtailing ser-
vice in his discretion, according to the produc-
tiveness of the route and the other circumstances
which are mentioned in the act as proper to gov-
ern his discretion. That, I think, is all that the
Senate have decided, except this: that consider-
ing that to be the law, in their opinion the amend-
ment of the Senator was entirely futile, could have
no manner of effect, and was of no sort of use,
and therefore ought not to be put in the bill.
Mr. GREEN. If such is the law, my amend-
ment could not do harm. If such is not the law,
then the present amendment changes the law. I
think it too plain a proposition to admit of a doubt
that there is here a wooden horse introduced,
with an enemy in its midst, for the purpose of in-
vesting the Postmaster General with more power
than he hasunderthe law of 1825 and 1836. Here
this amendment says that he shall have power.
There is no such provision in any of the previ-
ous laws to make these regulations. There is in
the contract that he makes a general reservation
of the power to curtail. I shall not go into that
general subject; but that reservation in the con-
tracts made does not give him the power to fix the
compensation; and he never has done so before in
a single instance, so far as my attention has been
called to the subject, nor does the law authorize
him to do it. I will make this additional remark,
that a provision put into a contract by an execu-
tive officer, which is not authorized by law, is
null and void.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
CoLLAMEK.]
Mr. BRAGG called for the yeasand nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
y«as 23, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fesseride.i, Hale,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill, Iverson, King, Lane, Seward,
Simmons, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs.Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Brown,Chesnut,
Clingman, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Hunter, Jolmson-of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Latham, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson,
Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Slidell,
Toombs, Wigfall, and Yulee—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Finance,
to strike out the whole clause.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say that, on this
amendment, and all others connected with this
question, I am paired off with the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.] If he were here he
would vote in favor of this proposition, and I
against it.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. PUGH at first recorded his vote in the neg-
ative, but afterward asked permission to withdraw
it as he understood that he was paired off with the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objection
be made, leave will be given to the Senator to
withdraw his vote. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
The result was announced—yeas 28, nays 24;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Cameron, Chesnut, Clingman, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Own,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, and Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foster, Green, Hale,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill, King, Latham, Seward, Sim-
mons, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wigfall, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. The next amendment of the
Committee on Finance refers to the Isabel service.
The committee have instructed me to modify that
amendment, so as to read:
The Postmaster General is hereby authorized and re-
quired to advertise for proposals, and contiactwith the low-
est lesponsible biddei or bidders for the transportation of
the United States mail in steamships from Charleston, South
Carolina, via Savannah, Georgia, to Key West, Florida,
and back, twice a month, or ottener, fiom the 1st day of
July, I860, to the 30th of June, 1804, inclusive, for such sum
as he may think reasonable, not to exceed (§50,000 per an-
num.
I will state briefly the reason for modifying this
amendment as the committee have done. By the
amendment, as originally reported from the com-
mittee, we violated the genera) principle of the law
by which we on ly give the postages for th e service
of ocean steamships. By restricting this route to
Key West, Florida, we avoid that violation of
the general rule of the law, and the Postmaster
General will bo enabled to make his contract with
the steamships which carry this mail to Key
West for further service, and the extension of the
route to Cuba on the regular terms.
Mr. HAMMOND. I object to that amendment,
simply for the reason that, instead of naming, as
the House bill does, the steamer Isabel, it opens
the service to the lowest bidder. Now, I am not
sure that it is sound policy for Government, or
for any man, to open anything to the lowest bid-
der. As far as Government is concerned, it is in
sonic sort an imputation upon tjie officer who has
to make a contract; because we all know that the
lowest bidder is not always the best bidder, and
in governmental affairs like these, we know there
are irresponsible bidders whoconstantly come here
with deficiency bills. The steamship Isabel was
built for this precise purpose of carrying the mails
between Charleston and Key West, and thence
to Havana, and for twelve years she has faithfully,
and without any failure at any time, carried the
mails. It will be better, therefore, to provide, as
the House bill does, that this vessel shall continue
to do the service. As to the idea that the Gov-
ernment would save a farthing by opening the
service to any other bidder, I have in my hand a
dispatch which, I think, will convince the Senate.
The sole object is to save something, but I appre-
hend nothing can be saved; and if any one under-
bids the Isabel, you may rely upon it that the
parties will come back here hereafter with a de-
ficiency bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow
me to make a suggestion to him. The section of
the bill providing for the Isabel has been struck
out, and as it now stands, there is no provision
whatever to carry the mail by any steamer from
Charleston to Havana. I suggest, therefore, to
the Senator, that he had better move to amend
this amendment, by inserting in lieu of it the ori-
ginal House provision, so far as relates to the Isa-
bel. That will present the question to the Senate.
Mr. HAMMOND. I have been out for a few
minutes, and I did not understand that that was
the position of things.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole original sec-
tion has been struck out. That includes the ser-
vice of the Isabel. Now, the Senator from Mary-
land moves to amend the bill by inserting this
amendment, and the Senator from South Carolina
is actually opposing any appropriation whatever
for the Isabel, or for any other scrviee from
Charleston to Havana. That is not what he
means to do. He wishes to restore that provision,
which has been struck out, so far as it relates to
the Isabel. I merely make the suggestion to him,
so that we may have the question precisely before
the Senate.
Mr. HAMMOND. My proposition is to re-
store precisely the bill as it passed the House,
so far as the Isabel is concerned. I am not very
well acquainted with the rules of order, but I sup-
posed that, by objecting to this amendment, the
other would stand.
Mr. HUNTER. No; if the Senator wishes to
attain the object, lie must move to amend the
amendment of the Committee on Finance, by that
precise proposition.
Mr. HAMMOND. That is precisely what. I
am going to do. Instead of the amendment of
the Committee on Finance, I propose to insert the
words of the House bill:
"Route 6042, by steamer Isabel, shall be restoied at the
rate of $f>0,000 per year, from Charleston, via Savannah,
to Key West, to the 30tll of June, 1863."
Now, Mr. President, to show that the Govern-
ment cannot possibly gain anything by putting
this up to open bid, 1 will read a telegraphic dis-
patch which I have received from one oi'the original
proprietors of this steamship:
"Mr. Gourdin and myself were interested in the Isabel
line m I806. Upon examination of the cost of keeping up
the line for four years, and in the face of a renewed con-
tract for four years, we sold eut for fifty pel cent, discount
011 the cost, satisfied that it could not be profitable. Any
oite that says it can be performed under $50,000, knows
nothing of the service, must be irresponsible, or does so
with a view to injure the gentlemen engaged in the enter-
prise. I have no inteiest in the line. I only ft rite you the
facts within my knowledge."
That is from William C. Gatewood, a thoroughly
reliable and respectable gentleman of Charleston.
The other day it was said that a Mr. Caldwell
had stated that this service could be performed
for $20,000. Here is a dispatch from the veritable
John W. Caldwell," whom the chairman of the
Post Office Committee said was the person, and
not Mr. John Caldwell, President of the South
Carolina Railroad Company. Here is the tele-
graphic dispatch:
" By request, I state that I never, to my knowledge, made
any offer to perform the serv^es of the Isabel contract at
any stipulated sum ; nor would I at present make any oiler
on any terms. john CALDWELL."
With the certificate of the operator at the telegraph
office, that Mr. Caldwell handed that dispatch in
person. I think these communications put an
end to all doubts the Senate can have that this
amount of §50,000 is not too large a payment for
that service; and as the House has distinctly rec-
ommended the Isabel, for reasons which I gave the
| other day, I hope this amendment will prevail,
J and that the Senate will name the Isabel in the
i bill.
Mr. YULEE. Upon the single matter of the
Caldwell dispatch, allow me to make a statement.
It was not stated that the offer was made by him,
but that he had authorized a gentleman here to
say to the Department that, if opened to free
competition, the service could be done for half,
