1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
city—some four or five million—who propose to
throw the matter open to all the citizens.
Now, sir, it strikes me, in the first place, that if
we are to grant a charter for a horse railroad in
this city,and the citizens come forward with such
a subscription and such a list, of such fortune,
and ask that it may be opened to the citizens gen-
erally, that books of subscription may bo opened,
on which all may take stock to a certain amount,
and be interested, that is the fair, honest, dem-
ocratic, and proper mode of incorporating a com-
pany. Sir, I must say that I cannot understand
why a few gentlemen, some of them of means
and some not of means, should be picked out and
this privilege given to them, if it is a privilege,
and they seem to consider it so, and a valuable one,
when the citizens ask that it be laid open to all
in this way.
I have received a communication this morning,
which has been handed probably to all Senators,
signed by Mr. Wallach, who calls himself pres-
ident of the very company to whom the billgrants
the charter, who objects very much to Mr. Von-
deiweiken's being in. I do not know anything
about this; but he states that, admitting Mr. Van-
derwerken as a stockholder would be paying him
a bonus, and he does not sec why he should be
paid a bonus. They then consider it a very val-
uable matter; that it is a bonus to own and hold
stock in this company. That is Mr. Wallach's
own idea in this printed paprp%here. If it is a ;
bonus, if it is so great a privilege, I do not see
why it should be handed over to Mr Rigs:s and
Mr. Todd, and three or four other men to make it a
kind of close corporation, in defiance of the wishes
of people of this city, men of abundant means,
who want the ordinary common course of pro-
ceeding in relation to corporations of this descrip-
tion to be taken, and that is that books may be
opened in order that the inhabitants of the city may
have an opportunity to build and own this road.
That is all 1 have to say. I have no knowledge
of the matter, except justwhat I have stated. The
amendment strikes me as reasonable, proper, and
fair, and meets my entire concurrence and appro-
bation, in opposition to schemes of a different
description.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I do not mean
to discuss this question, and 1 shall be very much
obliged to Senators if they will listen to the very
little I have to say, and I shall not detain them.
The committee considered the very proposition
which the Senator from Maine now introduces—
that of making this a joint stock company—and
rejected it, for reasons which seemed to them to
be good.
This is a privilege which Congress proposes to
grant for the mutual benefit of all—over a street
which belongs to the Government. The commit-
tee believed it bettor to grant that privilege to cer-
tain gentlemen of known and established reputa-
tion; so that, ifitwerecxercised badly, we should
know precisely who to blame, and on whom to
call; so that, if Mr. Riggs and his associates failed
to by down the road and keep it m order, in the
manner prescribed in the act, we should know
the precise gentlemen upon whom censure was to
fall. But if you make it joint stock company,
you know not who owns the stock. There may
be three or four or five hundred of them. They
may assign their stock. They have a set of di-
rectors; and you complain, to them > and they say,
" we would do otherwise, but the stockholders
in this concern require that we shall not expend
their money to do this or that or the other." In-
asmuch as it was the mere granting of a privi-
lege, I say again, the committee thought it better
to grant it to known persons of established repu-
tation, who could be held to account for any vio-
lation of the bargain under which the grant was
made.
Now, this thing of popularizing every little
scheme of this sort is, I know, somewhat capti-
vating. The ideaj^f letting everybody have his
hand m this scheme may be all well enough,and
certainly I om as much for the people as anybody
else; but who does not know how it will result?
Men of straw will be sent to subscribe for the
stock. It always so happens if it is supposed the
stock is going to be profitable. I think I heard
of a gentleman through the newspapers in Balti-
more, named Brock; he con send over more Plug-
Uglies, more fellows from Baltimore to whip
everybody else off, and take the whole of this
stock, than you could get clear of in a month, if
he chose to do it: I do not say that he would. So
with anybody else: mere men of straw might take
the stock; do it for a consideration, and in the end
transfer it to somebody living in Baltimore, New
York, or anywhere else. One man might own
the whole of it under that sort of stockjobbing, it
he only had the dashing impudence to' subscribe
for it in that way. Thus it would turn out that in
the end the privilege was granted to a few parties.
I say, once for all, that I have no heart in this
scheme of putting a railroad on the avenue at all;
and if these people will only make a " Kilkenny
fight" of it, and destroy each other, I shall be the
best pleased man in the Senate; but when public
opinion in the Senate and public opinion out of
doors indicated that you were determined to mar
the avenue by putting a railroad upon it, I busied
myself to have it done in the most proper, decent,
and orderly manner. The committee agreed with
me, and we reported a bill to grant the privilege
to some seven or eight gentlemen of known char-
acter and respectability—old citizens of Washing-
ton, known to everybody,
I am not'surprised that there are appellations
elsewhere; that there is an attempt to tnrow dis-
trust over the action of the committee; that there
are complaints that the committee have been par-
tial to these half a dozen gentlemen. Sir, the com-
mittee was partial to nobody. The committee
believed that, in proper deference to the interest
of the Government, the privilege, if granted at
all, ought to be granted to gentlemen of known
respectability. Now, to whom is it proposed to
be granted ? To Richard Wallach—a gentleman, I
believe, born in this District—a man of very high
character; how much money he has, I do not
know; to Mr. George W. Riggs, an eminent
banker: Mr. Walter 3>nnox, an ex-mayor; Jo-
nah D. Hoover, an ex-marshal of the United
States; James M. Carlisle, a lawyer of distinc-
tion and character, than whom, I suppose,no one
stands higher at the bar of this city; Mr. Wil-
liam B. Todd, a gentleman of high respectability;
Charles W. Boteler, equally respectable; Mr.
George Harrington, a reputable gentleman; John
F. Coyle, Waiter S. Cox. I know all of them,
except Mr. Cox.
Mr. PEARCE. I can vouch for him.
Mr. BROWN. I can vouch for the reputation
of every one of them. How much money they
may have, I do not know; but Mr. Riggs has
money enough to build the railroad himself. Cer-
tainly they have an amountof reputation sufficient
to guaranty the construction of the road. If I
could defeat the whole scheme, I would be very
glad to do it; but, as that cannot be done, I sim-
ply think ir, is better, when you grant the fran-
chise, to grant it to persons who are kilown, and
hold them responsible for any maladministration
of the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A word in reply to the
Senator. He has said nothing of this proposition
that will not apply equally to his own. He says,
in the first place, that we are granting a privilege.
Very well; that I stated. I presume it to be so.
It is so considered. The reply to that is: if you
grant a privilege, why not grant to a large num-
ber, instead of to half a dozen men5 Why not
grant it to all the people of this city, who wish to
take part in the enterprise, rather than to some
six or eight, who are singled out to take it? The
argument works against the Senator, in my judg-
ment.
Again: he said they were gentlemen of known
respectability. Why, sir, on this list which I
have before me there are gentlemen of as high re-
spectability as are found anywhere in this city—
men of the largest fortunes, and of the highest
standing. There are some four or five hundred
of them; but they do not claim to take more than
ten shares apiece. The Senator says that there
will be men of straw among them. Why, sir,
where are your men of straw? Just look at the
list. I have a list certified here, from which it
appears that Walter Lenox's valuation is sixty-
one dollars in this city; Mr. Boteler's, §920: Mr.
Harrington's,$197. These are three of the cor-
porators named in the bill. Take out two men,
and there is not enough property m the whole to
begin to build a railroad; and it is not likely that
these two men will put in any large amountof
their property; one is a banker, and the other a
capitalist. What are they to do? This bill was
drawn originally for them <£ or their assigns"—
nothing said about "associates" at all. It goes
to prove something to my mind, and that is that
there is no idea that these men are anything more
than it is said some have represented them to be
—merely men who have lent their names to -the
enterprise. Cannot they sell their stock just as
well as those who take ten shares apicce ? They
must be obliged to sell their stock. From the ne-
cessity of the case, they must sell out. They
were to assign—nothing was said originally about
their associates. The idea was to get a charter,
and sell it to other persons, who want to build
this road on their own speculation—men outside
of tins city as well as in it. If the stock is all
taken by subscriptions of ten shares apiece by
people in this city, will they be so likely to sell it,
or less likely to pay for it, or more likely to have
the stock go'out of the city, as if you grant it to
half a dozen men who cannot build it, or who will
not ]>e likely to do so themselves, and who must,
of necessity, sell the whole charter—or, at least,
large portions of their stock—right out, i n order to
accomplish the purpose? All the argument the
Senator has used applieswith vastly more force
to tho proposition he has presented than it does
to the proposition I have presented here, by way
of amendment, in my judgment. If you adopt
my amendment, the citizens will be likely to hold
on to it, because it is amongst themselves in small
quantities each, and would be likely to produce a
good return; and I see not why men of small
capital, who have a little surplus, should not be
at liberty to put it in, instead of granting a char-
ter to half a dozen men, the very idea of which is
that it is to be sold to capitalists out of the city,
who are to build the road on speculation.
As to the idea of responsibility: how are you
going to hold these men responsible? If they
sell out, they are not to be responsible, of course.
If they do not choose to hold on to this stock,
you cannot oblige them to do so. Their respons-
ibility ceases the moment they part with $eir
interest. But in my proposition, the ownership
of stock is confined to the citizens of the District;
the directors are to be chosen from among them-
selves, instead of going to Philadelphia or Balti-
more, or anywhere else out of this city; and in
my judgment it is intended to go elsewhere from
the manner in which the bill is drawn. The
reasons which the committee have given are en-
tirely unsatisfactory to me. I see no reason for
varying from the usual custom when you grant
a charter which is likely to be valuable in a city,
why the books should not be opened, and those
in the city who have the means, and want to be-
come interested in it, should not have the oppor-
tunity, instead of picking out half a dozen of their
fellow-citizens, and giving it to them, and giving
them alone a chance to make money out of it. I
do not pretend to be any kind of a Democrat; es-
pecially according to the modern acceptation of
the term; but I like to see, in these matters at any
rate, democratic principles carried out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The question is on the first
amendment of the Senator from Maine, to insert
the words<{ associates and,5' before the word "as-
signs," in the sixth line of the first section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on his amendment to add the additional
sections
Mr. PESSENDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Air. COLLAMER. There is a prorisipn jn the .
amendment that tho books shall-be opened v/ithin
ten days after the passage of the act. There is a
further provision that there shall be a notice pub-
lished of the. opening of the books in two papers
in the District. Now, it seems to me that ten
days is too short a time to make the publication
and open the books. I move that that " ten" be ■
altered to " twenty:" There is also a time left
blank daring which the books shall be kept open,
which I desire to have filled with " forty days."
Mr. PESSENDEN. Ten will be enough to
give the notice.
Mr. COLLAMER. The books are to be
opened within ten days, which I move to make
" twenty," and then let them bo kept open ten
davs after that.
Mr. PESSENDEN. They ought to be kept
open longer; say twenty days.
