1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2535
and that he would himself do it. I know that a
letter has been received within the last two days
from him, stating that although he would then
have done it, there has been so much fuss raised
about the Isabel, that he would not like now to
say that he would do it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, when this dis-
cussion first commenced in the Senate, I stated,
very frankly, that I was willing to vote for this
service. I am so now, connected with other ser-
vice, but not by itself. This service was dis-
missed, like all other service; but I thought it had
merit, and I was willing to restore it. But there
was other mail service all over the country which
I thought had just as much merit in it as this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My colleague will pardon
me for suggesting that this was not discontinued
by the Postmaster General, when the other routes
were; but itfailed before that time, in consequence
of the failure of an appropriation.
Mr. HAMLIN. But it was a restoration of a
service that had had an existence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; but it did not
come under that category.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Postmaster General did
not continue it, because he had not the means
with which to do it—the very reason for which
he discontinued certain other service. I wanted
to see all this service restored, and I so voted; and
I would vote for this with the others, but not by
itself.
Mr. RICE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] a single question upon
this point. If the amendment of the Finance
Committee be not adopted, has the Postmaster
General power to restore this service as in other
cases ? If he has not, my vote will go to put it
on the same footing on which all the other service
has been put.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I understand, this
was a special contract of Congress originally,
authorizing the Postmaster General to pay this
steamer for a stipulated service for a certain num-
ber of years. That term of service has expired.
Mr. RICE. Then he has not the power?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No appropriation was
made for it.
Mr. RICE. Then this is clearly a proper ex-
ception.
Mr. HESSENDEN. That is what the Com-
mittee on Finance considered, and therefore they
proposed to change the provision made by the
House in this respect, and let the'contract to the
lowest bidder.
Mr. PUGH. I was prevented, Mr. President,
from attending at the debate this morning, and
therefore I may say some words that may seem
superfluous. I should have voted for the House
bill as it stands; but when I came into the Senate,
erroneously supposing myself to be paired with
the Senator from South Carolina, I withdrew my
vote. 1 think the Postmaster General has dis-
continued the service in violation of law, and I
wish to restore it; and I think when the matter
comes to be considered, he will be found to have
acted without authority of law, and in violation
of existing contracts. But as to this particular
case, it stands rather by itself. The service on
the Isabel route from Charleston to Savannah,
and thence to Key West and Havana, expired
on the 30th of June last. It was before the Senate
at the last session. It was recommended to be
restored by the then Postmaster General, upon
reasons which lie gave ill his annual report.
Mr. YULEE. 1 stated, the other day—the
Senator was not here, I believe—that the propo-
, sition of the Finance Committee, as it comes be-
fore us now, is the amendment as it was drawn
up under Mr. Brown's direction at the Depart-
ment last year, and proposed to let the service to
the lowest bidder.
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, I shall come to that
directly. I say that the last Postmaster General,
Governor Brown, in his annual report, recom-
mended a restoration of the Isabel contract. It
was moved in the Senate by my friend from Flor-
ida, [Mr. Malloky,] and carried by a vote of
four or five to one, as the Congressional Globe
will show.
Mr. YULEE. It came from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PUGH. I do not know from what com-
mittee it came; but I examined it this morning
in the Globe. There was a recorded vote, and
the proposition was carried by a vote of four or
five to one.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator allow me to
correct him in one particular? I understand him
to say that the Postmaster General discontinued
this service in violation of law.
Mr.PUGH. No, sir; butlsay he discontinued
the inland routes in violation of law.
Mr. PEARCE. Ah! that is another thing.
Mr. PUGH. I do not propose to debate that
matter now, because the Senate has passed upon
it, so far as the Committee of the Whole are con-
cerned; and if I am able to attend the Senate—
from which I was detained this morning on ac-
count of illness in my family—I think I shall be
able to demonstrate what I say. But I speak now
particularly of the Isabel route. 1 intend to vote
for the amendment of the Senator from South Car-
olina. I say the Isabel route was recommended
by the last Postmaster General upon reasons
which he gave in his annual report. It was voted
upon in the Senate, after a debate. I recollect
making some remarks upon it myself; the Sena-
tor from South Carolina made some; and so did
other Senators; and it was carried by a vote of
four or five to one. The vote is recorded. That
was before the expiration of the contract. It has
since expired.
Now, I have observed in one of the newspapers
of this city a call on the Democracy to vote against
this service. Sir, I do not undeistand this sort
of Democracy that changes every year. If the
last Democratic Postmaster recommended it, and
the present one changes the course of the Depart-
ment, I am at least free to examine the question
on its original merits.
This was not, as my friend from Georgia erro-
neously supposes, a congressional contract. It
was a contract made by the Postmaster General
upon the reception of bids; but in the reception of
those bids, and in the stipulations of the contract,
he required that the vessel should be of a partic-
ular description, and the vessel was built to fill
the contract. It was not such a vessel as would
be required for the ordinary performance of the
contract; but Congress having passed a law that
included the Collins line and the Sloo line and the
Harris line, the Postmaster General saw fit to re-
quire of the bidders under the Isabel contract all
the stipulations of those contracts. This, there-
fore, was not part of the system which Congress
has repudiated; but a different system,into which,
however, those conditions were interpolated. The
Isabel was inspected, after she was built, by the
proper officers of the Navy, and reported to be
suitable. Therefore she was built to fill this con-
tract; she did fill it; she has performed the service
for twelve years. The first time I find her men-
tioned in any act of Congress is in that of July
10,1848,'being the annual appropriation bill for
the Post Office Department, in which this section
occurs:
<> For transposition of tlie mails between Charleston,
South Carolina, and Havana, by way of Key West, calling
at Savannah, under the contract made with M. C. Morde-
cai, $00,000."
That, therefore, was a contract fairly made
upon bids, into which the Postmaster General in-
terpolated other conditions which no act of Con-
gress then required.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to
explain the history to him, in order to avoid any
reply, and in order that he may understand it as
he goes along. As I stated the other day, the Post-
master General had been authorized to invite bids
for a service from Charleston, along the Florida
coast, to Havana, Panama, and Oregon. He in-
vited these bids, but received none within the limit
of the law; but Mr. Mordecaimade a proposition
from Charleston to Havana, by the way of Sa-
vannah and Key West, for §45,000, in a vessel
which he described himself, under another law—
under the act of 1845—which did notrequire them
to be war vessels. Mr. Johnson, the Postmaster
General, accepted it, subject to the authority of
Congress; and, in his report to Congress, stated
that he had done so, and that he did it only be-
cause, although the amount was large, the line was
on the track towards Oregon; and that appropria-
tion was simply to confirm and authorize the con-
tract which had been made with Mr. Mordecai for
four years, under open bidding.
Mr.PUGH. Certainly. Instead, therefore,of
its being any congressional contract, the appro-
priation by Congress was made in pursuance of
a contract then known and,concluded; and, as I
stated, when the Post Office Department made this
contract, they made it with the expectation that
it would be paid out of the postages. Ifwas no
congressional subsidy at any stage; aild I think
my friend from Vermont will confirm me in that.
It was no subsidy originally; but it was to be paid
out of the postages.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes.
Mr. PUGH. Now it is said that this service
can be performed for less. Where is the proof
of that? I heard my honorable friend from Flor-
ida [Mr. Yulee] say the other day that Mr.
Caldwell had proposed to do it for $00,000. I
asked him where was Mr. Caldwell's bid? That
is the way men propose to do business for the
Government—by bid. He answered me, that the
Postmaster General had advertised the whole con-
tract for the postages. Well, sir, that is not ac-
cording to law. Only so much of the service as
extends from Key West to Havana is subject to
that doctrine, and the Postmaster General has
demonstrated it himself by his iction within the
last twelve months; for he has paid a gross sum
for transmitting the mails from Charleston and
Savannah to Fernandina, and then a further sum
for transmitting it by railroad 
Mr. YULEE. That is not so, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Well,'sir, 1 am going to have the
paper read in a moment.
Mr. YULEE. I say the Senator is totally mis-
taken. The Postmaster General, in his report,
has shown that he has not added one dollar to the
service; he has merely used routes in opposition
for local service, with the exception of the part
between Key West and Havana, for which he
gives the postages.
Mr. PUGH. I will make my statement, and
then 1 shall ask the Secretary to read a commu- .
nication from the Postmaster General, addressed
to the Senator from South Carolina, which I have
his permission to put into the Globe; and if it be
not correct, the Postmaster General can correct
it himself. I say he has paid a gross sum for the
transportation of the mail from Charleston and
Savannah to Fernandina, then a gross sum from
Fernandina to Bronson, by railroad service; a fur-
ther sum from the terminus of that railroad at
Bronson to Cedar Keys; and then has authorized
a service from New Orleans by way of Pensa-
cola 
Mr. YULEE. What is the Senator reading
from ? :
Mr. PUGH. I am going to send it to the Sec-
retary in a moment.
Mr. YULEE. Well, what is it?
Mr. PUGH. A letter from the Postmaster
General, under date of March 20,1860, addressed
to the Senator from South Carolina. I say he
has authorized a service from New Orleans to
Pensacola, Appalachicola, St. Marks, and Cedar
Keys, and thence to Manatee and Tampa, and to
Key West; and if I rightly understand this paper,
he has paid a gross sum for the transportation of
the mail from New Orleans, by these points, until
it arrives at Key West; and thence, from Key
West to Havana, he has agreed to pay the gross
inland as well as sea postages; and if you will add
together the various sums which the Post Office
Department have agreed to pay under these con-
tracts, the amount far exceeds what was stipu-
lated for the service by the Isabel route.
Mr. YULEE. Read the letter.
Mr. PUGH. I sent it to the desk.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Post Office Department, March 20,1860.
Sir: I beg leave to submit the following replies to your
interrogatories of the 27th ultimo:
The date of tiie contract on route 6575 is 1st July, 1859.
Tbe contractors are the Southern Steamship Company, J.
C. Harris*president, New Orleans, Louisiana. The dis-
tances between the points named are, from New Orleans
to Cedar Keys, six hundred and fifteen miles; from Cedar
Keys to Key West, four hundred and twenty-five miles ;
from Key West to Havana, one hundred and ten miies—in
all, eleven hundred and fifty (statute) miles. The compen-
sation is $59,000 per annum, with the United States sea
and inland postages on tiie Havana mails, estimated at
$10,000 per annum. The contract seheduie time is as fol-
lows : Lr,ave New Orleans on the 14th and 30th of each
month; arrive at Key Weston the 21st and 7th. Leave Key
West on the 12th and 26th of each month; arrive at New
Orleans on the 20th or 4tti.
The schedule ume of arrival and departure at the inter-
mediate points, as advertised by the company, is as fol-
lows: Leave New Orleans on the 14th and 30th, arrive at
Pensacola on the 15th and 31st, or 1st, Leave Tensacola
