150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories■—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
you to come out from the wilderness; to quit the
shedding of each others'blood in fratricidal war
for the right to have this or that law; to let the
Congress of the United States, who represent the
fathers, the-brothers, the sisters of the peaceful
emigrants who have gone into theTerritories, con-
sider what is best for their children and friends.
But abandon, as you have abandoned, the insti-
tutions of your Fathers, and there will be neither
peace nor progress in the Territories. There will
be strife here, and civil war there, and wild con-
fusion will reign supreme.
- The wise, prophet of Israel, after he came down
from the mountain with the law in his hand, and
found his brother Aaron worshiping a golden Aalf
which he had made, was so angry that he threw
down the tables of the law, and broke them. He
determined that that wicked people should never
have an opportunity of worshiping any more
golden calves: he made all the women bring in
their trinkets and golden ornaments, and melted
them down into one mass. Let us, in the same
spirit, bring in those miserable idols of ours; sac-
rifice them on the common altar of our country;
shake hands, forget, and forgive.
And now, before I sit down, let mo ask again,
are the destinies of this mighty Republic to turn
on the publication of a pamphlet ? You know that
the gcifcleman whom we have nominated will
make a just and impartial Speaker. Concede that
"for once. ^Concede that we will have to elect by a
plurality. I think that, if we could, we ought to
elect by a majority. There is something sym-
metrical in it.' You say, he should be elected bv
a majority, because, in the happening of two Wc
three very remote contingencies, he may become
President of the United States. But, as 1 said
yesterday, no President or Vice President will
ever be found, both amiable enough to die and let
the Speaker take that place. We will not con-
sider that contingency. If we cannot agree upon
one man, is it possible, m the name of the Amer-
ican people, that we cannot find some man in this
Congress who is fit to preside over this House ?
It has been stated that I said that, I would vote
for Mr. Sherman till the last trump should sound.
A better man than I am changed lus mind. David,
King of Israel, repented of what lie said, when he
remarked, " I have said, in my haste, that.ill men
( arc liars." I concede that, fact, when I state now
that I am willing to vote for any one almost who
can be elected. If this protracted contest mean
anything, we cannot elect a Republican; we can-
not elect a Lecompton Democrat; we cannot elect
an anti-Lecompton Democrat; and though there
maybe as many shades of party as Jacob had
stripes in his cattle—1 do not know how many—
it seems that we cannot elect any one of them. I
know of hut one man in this House who does not
belong to any party, and I have thought that per-
haps we might unite upon him. The, gentleman
from New York [Mr. Horace ]<\ Claric] belongs
to no party; he will not act with any party; does
not love any party; does not hate any party ;
does not care for any party. [Great laughter.]
Why not elect him ?
Mr. Clerk, I believe that I am abusing my
privileges here. [Cries of " Go 011!"]
I hope the observations which I have made,
Mr. Clerk, forced from me without any of that
preparation which is usual, may not be entirely
worthless. Whether we consider this ever-recur-
ring ciuestion of slavery as resting within our un-
restricted discretion, or whether we regard it as
fixed and limited by constitutional law—-in either
aspect, with good sense, guided by true patriot-
ism, there is nothing to be feared. The way
through the future is, in my judgment, open, clear,
and plain. We cannot be so weak as to give way
to childish fears," or sink into lethargy and de-
spair. On the contrary, let us " gird up our loms"
to the work before lis; for upon us this duty is de-
volved. We cannot escape from it if we would.
Let us, above all, preserve our Constitution invi-
olate. and the Union which it created, unbroken.
By the lights they give us, with the aids of an
enlightened religion, and an ever-improving
Christian philosophy, let us march onward and
onward in the great highway of social progress.
Let us always keep in the advancing car of that
progress—our book of constitution s and our Bible.
tike tike Jews of old; let'the ark of th6 covenant
be advanced to the front in our march. With
these to guide us, I feel the proud assurance that
our free principles will take, their way through all
coming time; and before them I do believe that the
cloven-footed altars of oppression, all over the-
world, will fall down, as Dagon of old fell down,
and was shivered to pieces in the presence of the
ark of the living God.
But if we halt in this great exodus of the na-
tions; if we are broken into inconsiderable frag-
ments and ultimately dispersed, through our fol-
lies of this day, what imagination can compass the
frightful enormity of our crime! What would the
world say of this unpardonable sin? Rather than
this, we should pray the kind Father of all, even
His wicked children, to visit us with the last and
worst of all the afflictions that fall 011 sin and sin-
ful man. Better fonts would it be that the fruitful
earth should be smitten for a season with barren-
ness, and become dry dust, and refuse its annual
fruits; better that the heavens for a time should
become brass, and the ear of God deaf to our
prayers; better that Famine, with her cold and
skinny fingers, should lay hold upon the throats of
our wives and children; better that God should
commission the Angel of Destruction to go forth
over the land, scattering pestilence and death from
his dusky wing, than that we should prove faith-
less to our trust, and by that means our light
should be quenched, our liberties destroyed, and
all our bright hopes die out in that night which
knows 110 coming dawn.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
It E M A R K S
OR
MESSRS. WADE AND TOOMBS,
In the Senate or the United States,
March 7, I860.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolutions, submitted by Mr. Brown
on the 18th of January:
Resolved. That the Territories are the common property
of all the States, ami tli.it it is the puvtlege of the citizens
of all the Static to so into the Temtones with eveiv kind
ot description of ptopeity reco:ii>iwd I y Constitution
of the United State.', and held under th;- law* of any of the
Stater.; and that it is the constitutional duty of the law-mak-
.insj power, wherever lodged, or by whomsoevei e\eiei->od,
whethoi by the Conjrios oi the Temtortal J.efrislatme, to
enact such laws us may be found ni:ce«,s.uy 101 the ade-
quate and sufficient protection ol such piopeity.
Resolved, Th.it the Committee on Teiritories he in-
structed to msoit, m any bill they may report for the oigati-
ization of new Teiritoiies, a clause declaring it to bo the
duty of the Territorial Iiegislatmo to enact adequate and
sufficient laws for the protection of all kinds of property,
as above de-enbed, within the limitsVJf theTcintoiy ; and
that, upon its tailme 01 refusal to do so. it is the admitted
duty of Congress to mteipose and pa*s such laws.
The pending question was on the amendment
offered by Air. Wilkinsox, to .strike out all after
the word "resolved,*' where it iirst occurs, and
insert:
That the Terutorics are the common property of thepeo-
2>lv of'the United States; that Congress ha^lull power and
authority to pass all laws necessary and proper foi the srov-
ernmont, of such Territories; and that, in the exeicise of
sueh power, it is the duty of Com?n>s so to legislate in re-
lation to slavery thciom that the mteiosts of fri.e labor may
be encouiageil and protected in such Tenitones.
Resolved, That the Committee on Toi atones be instruct-
ed to inseit, in any bill tlfeyiuay report for the arg.imzation
of new Tenitones,a clause declaims that tneie shall he
neithci slaveiy no> involuntary seivimde in/ueh Tciato-
nes, except in punt-innent loi'cnme wheieo/the party ha*
been duly convicted.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, these resolutions
j bring up at once hefoie the Senate two distinct and
opposite systems of labor and civilization. The
lesolutions which are proposed by the Democratic
| j portion of the Senate declare in favor of that one of
those two systems which, in my judgment, is sub-
versive of the melioration and progress of human
society on this continent. The public- nund, North,
South, East, and West, is intensely engaged in
making its choice between that system and the
scheme of civilization which is asserted by the res-
olutions submitted by the Republican side of the
Chamber. I cannot, therefore,exaggerate the im-
portance of this debate. It is a very extraordinary
thing, Air. President, that the loudest complaints of
maladministration of this Government, and the
noisiest alarms of imminent danger to the country,
come from those who, for a very considerable pe-
riod, have had possession of its vast revenues, con-
trol of its mighty power, influence of its agents and
clients, equally at the capital and in every nook
and corner of the land, and so have formed and
directed its policy, without encountering any ef-
fective resistance or opposition. The Republican
party has been always, as it is now,-absolutely
powerless to impress its principles on the admin-
istration of the Government. It stands by and
looks on, wondering at the progress of Democratic
administration; and wondering, most of all, at
hearing those who have conducted it entirely in
their own way now threatening to pull down the
pillars of the Union, and involve them all, with
themselves, in a common ruin. In the name of
God, Mr. President, what does all this mean?
There is but one explanation of facts so strange *
and anomalous; and that explanation is, that you
still want to continue the administration, when
you have found out that you cannot administer
successfully, or even with safety, for your own
system.
Mr. President, if there is a Senator here who
will gainsay me in my next preliminary observa-
tion, let him now look me full in the face and deny,
if he can, that his section has had its full share of
political power in this country, from the hour
when the Government was organized until the
exact moment when I am speaking. More than
this, your power in the Government has been al-
together disproportioned to your numbers. I
blame nobody for this, because I know that it is
human nature to use all the power we have for the
advancement of our own principles, our interests,
and our accepted policies. Undoubtedly, under
similar circumstances, we of the North would do
the same; therefore 1 do not complain, but simply
state the fact.
If, now, the present course of administration of
the Government has so far proved a failure that
you are now prepared to pull it down over our
neaus, pray tell us who is to blame but your-"
selves? Sir, it is very manifest,from the confes-
sions of the complainants, that they have no
present or real cause of complaint. The secret
really is, that uprising political principles, which
they are no longer able to keep down, cast a
shadow across their path which disturbs then
equanimity.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] told
us that the South is in possession of eight hundred
and fifty thousand square miles of country, the
most genial and beautiful that God ever bestowed
upon men. He said that he was proud of it; and
he has a right to be. He said that this fine re-
gion is capable of sustaining^ population greater
than that of all Europe. I believe that he spoke
within bounds. He told us that that region has
twelve million people; mark you, sir, only twelve
million. But we all know that the area of the .
slaveholding States is greater, by about one third,
than that of the free States, while its population is'
at least one third less. He spoke glowingly of the
prosperity of the slaveholding States. What, then,
could be more unreasonable and absurd than these
winnings and complaints of northern aggressions
and oppressions by the great and prosperous
South, when the North is entirely out of power.
If he speaks relatively, then he speaks correctly.
Property in slaves was never so prosperous as to-
day. Look into the slave market; you will find that
slaves never brought higher piict a than now. Of
course slave labor is more profitable to the owner
now than it has ever been. Sir, these southern
gentlemen are inconsistent and contradictory; in
one breath they are all boast and glory; in the next
it is all despair and destruction. Please reconcile
some of these contradictions.
If the North has, by means of its underground
railroads, fatally and treacherously sapped and
undermined the'foundationsof your whole system
of labor, how is it that your property has risen
in value, and your prospeuty culminated during
all the time it has been going on ?
One other preliminary remark, Air. President.
The Senator from Georgia rose here in his place,
withasolemnityunusual for him, and with a coun-
tenance which was the very personation of despair,
and announced to an astonished people, that we,
the Senators on this side of the Chamber, are the
enemies of his country. Yes, sir; he felt that we
are enemies of his country, and therefore that
