2536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
on the same days; arrive at Appalachicola 16th and 1st, or
rid. Leave Appalachicola same days j arrive at St. Marks
on the 17th and 2d, oi 3d. Leave St. Marks on the same
days; arrive at Cedar Keys on the 18th and 3d, or 4th.
Leave Cedar Keys on the same days; arrive at Manatee
and Tampa on the 19th and 4th, or 5th. Leave Manatee
and Tampa on the same days; arrive at Key West on the
20th and 5th, or Oth. Leave Key West on the 12th and
26th 5 arrive at Tampa and Manatee on the 13th and 27th.
Leave Tampa and Manatee on the same days; arrive at
Cedar Keys on the 14th and 28th. Leave Cedar Keys on
the same days; arrive at St. Marks on tbe J 5th and 29th.
Leave St. Marks on the same days; arrive at Appalachicola
on the 16th and 30th. Leave Appalachicola on the samo
days; arrive at Pensacola on the 17th and 3ist or 1st.
Leave Pensacola on the earuc days; arrive at New Orleans
on the 18th and 1st, or 2d.
The steamers will leave Key West for Havana, with the
United States mails, in the evening, ariivmg there next
morning.
The registers kept at New Orleans and Key West, of the
arrivals and departures, show the following re&ult lor the
quarter ending 31m December, 1859:
New Orleans—October, arrivals on the 2d and 19th; de-
partures on the 14th and 30th. November, arrivals on the
1st and 20th ; departures on the 14th and 30th. December,
arrivalson the 2d and 19th; depaitures on the 14th and 30th.
Key Went.—October, arrivals, fioin New Orleans, on the
th and 2Uth; fiom Havana, on the 10th and 25th ; depar-
tures, for Havana, on the 7th and 20th ; for New Orleans,
on the 12th and 26th. November, ai rivals, from New Oi-
leans, on the 6th and 20th; from Havana, on the 10th and
25th; departures, for Havana, on the 6th and 20th; for New
Orleans on the 12th and 26th. December, airivals, from
New Orleans, on the 7th and 21st; from Havana, on the
11th and24th; departures, for Havana, on the 7th and 21st;
for New Oilcans, on the 12th and 26ih.
The contract is to expire?, by its terms, on the 30th June,
1863, but may be annulled whenever the public interests so
require; the contractors, in such case, being allowed one
month's extra pay.
The date ol the contract on route 6501 is 21 si November,
1859, prior to which date, it may not he improporto remark,
the Havana mails were sent from Charleston via Savannah,
from which point they were carried to Femandmn by the
steamboat line, then and still in operation fiom Savannah,
via Fernandina, to Jacksonville and Pilatka. The con-
tractor on toute 6501 are the Florida Steam Packet Com-
pany, William M. Lawton, president, Charleston, South
Carolina. The distance from Charleston to Fernandina is
one hundied and seventy-five (statute) miles. The com
pensution is $36,000 per annum. The schedule time is 1o
leave Cliailcsron daily, except Sunday, at 6 30 p m., reach
lCernandma next day by 9 30 a. m.; leave Fernandina daily,
except Sunday, at 4 p. in.; reach Charleston next day by 7
a. m. As to the expiration or discontinuance of the con-
tract, the answer is the same as m the case of route 6575.
The time in practice occupied in the performance ot the
service appeals, by registers kept at the ends of the route,
to have been, in a majority oi' instances, longei by several
hours, say fiom one to six hours, than the contract allows.
The sorvicc on loute 6502 is performed by the Florida
Railroad Company, without a formal contract, (as is the
case on many other railroad routes.) The distance from
Fernandina to Bronson is one hundred and twenty-one
miles. The compensation is ^12,100 per annum. The
schedule time is, to leave Pouiandma daily, except Sunday,
at 10 a. m.; reach Bronson by 5 50 p. m.; leave Bronson
daily,.except Sunday, at 7 30 a. m., leach Fernandina by
3 36 p. in. Th > time occupied in practice is geneially in
accordance with the schedule; the departure fiom Fernan-
dina being hometimes delayed, however, to await the arri-
val of the steamers from Charleston.
The service between the terminus of the Florida railroad
and Cedar Keys has been performed, since the 12th of July,
1859, by Messrs. McGmmss &. Price, at $516 per month,
under a temporary arrangement, designed to be supeiseded
by service on the railroad, which is rapidly approaching
completion. The distance, from Bronson to Cedar Keys is
understood to be about thirty-three miles. The contract
requires that the trips shall he peiformcd by such a sched-
ule as will make a close connection at Cedar Keys with
the steamers torand fiom New Orleans and Havana. The
postmasters at Charleston, Savannah, Fernandina, and
Cedar Keys, have accordingly been instructed to forward
the Havana mails so as that they may leave Fernandina on
the 1st and 16th of cach month ; reach Cedar Keys next
days; leave Cedar Keys on the arrival of the Key West and
Havana mails—say on the I4lh and 28th of each month—
andartive at Fernandina next day. The lime in practice
is believed to have been in accordance with this anange-
mout.
The schedule time allowed the steamer Isabel on the
late route, No. (5042, fiom Charleston via Savannah and
Key West to Havana, out and back, was eight days.
The service was performed with great legulauty. The
round trip, out and back, was usually performed m seven
days—one day less than the time allowed in the schedule.
The postmaster at Chaileston ropoits that the number of
letters delivered at las office from 1st of October, 1859, to
1st of Januaiy, I860, on the return trips fiom Havana and
Key West, via Cedar Keys and Fernandina, was not over
two hundred; andthat the number delivered by the Isabel,
on her return trips from Havana, for the same period, was
ten thousand and twenty-three.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
seivant, J. I10LT, Postmaster General.
Hon. James H. Hammond,
hmted States Senate, Washington, D. C.
Mr. PUGH. That is the paper to which I re-
ferred. r r
Mr.YULEE. What then ?
Mr. PUGH. I think that is abundantly satis-
factory to the Senate, and I hope it will be to the
country 
Mr. YULEE. To show what?
Mr. PXJG-H. I wi)l proceed to show the Sen-
ate what I think is demonstrated by this docu-
ment.
Mr. YULEE. Let us hear it.
Mr. PUGH. That the Postmaster General—
as I understood the Senator the other day, in an-
swer to my question—while he advertised the
route from Charleston and Savannah to Key "West,
and thence to Havana, for the postages alone,
pursuing the principle of the amendment adopted
two years ago to the appropriation bill, has him-
self made contracts to carry this very mail from
Charleston and Savannah to Fernandina, for a
gross sum of money, as an inland contract; thence
from Fernandina, across the peninsula of Florida,
to Cedar Keys, on the Gulf of Mexico, as an in-
land contract; and there connecting with the route
from New Orleans to Pensacola, Appalachicola,
and down the coast to Key West, as an inland
contract; and, in addition to all these sums of
money, has given them, from Key West to Ha-
vana, a short distance, the inland as well as the
sea postages.
Mr. YULEE. Now, as the Senator is alleging
this as a state of facts jipon which he is going to
proceed with his argument, he will allow me to
here meet, him with the contrary facts.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will look at the
report of the Postmaster General, he will see the
whole explanation of this matter. Of course,
when a Senator calls upon the Department to
know what the cost of any particular service is,
the Postmaster General will give it; and if he had
asked what the cost from New York to Charles-
ton was, lie would have given it; but he would
not have said,unless the question was asked him,
for what purpose the service between Now York
and Charleston was established, or what particu-
lar mails were to be carried over it. But if the
Senator will look at the report of the Postmaster
General, he will find that all the scrvice which is
being done upon the routes which he has speci-
fied there is connected with the local service of
the State of Florida, included in the whole sum
of $157,000, which forms the total of the actual
service in Florida; and that the whole amount of
the matter was, that he ordered more mail-bags to
be carried over the same routes, without increas-
ing their compensation at ail, under contracts ex-
ecuted before his time, except those that were let
under the ordinary Jottings on the 1st of July
last—railroad contracts made by Mr. Brown. He
simply added to the number of bags, without add'
ing a single dollar to the expense. That line from
New Orleans, as was stated when tho Senator was
not here, is an old lino established in 1851, and
let every four years as part of the inland service
for the supply of Key West. The service across
Florida is simply the ordinary railroad service at
&100 a mile daily, which was put in operation by
Mr. Brown, and extended as the road extended,
as is the case with other roads in Florida pro-
ceeding in the same way, and with roads in the
Senator's own country. The scrvice between
Charleston and Fernandina is a service which
supplies the whole matter for half of Florida. It
is the means by which, there being no railroad
connection down through Florida, the mail for
the whole country is carried m there. The whole
amount of the case was that the I)ostmasier Gen-
eral, as he states in his rnpoi t, economizing to the
Government, and refusing to pay on tins addi-
tional scrvice, made a contract for the inland and
sea postages, as the law directs and authorizes,
between Key West and Havana. Now, here is
a letter from the Postmaster General to the com-
mittee, which is too long to be read, but which I
will hand to the reporter, in order that it may be
printed with the other proceedings; but there
is a paragraph relating to the particular matter to
which the Senator refers which I will read to him.
The Senator takes his view from a pamphlet
which I see he has in his hands, and which I sent
to the Department, accompanying a memorial, in
order that they might explain the facts. The
Department say in reply:
" The views presented in the memorial and pamphlet,
respecting the economy of transporting the Havana mailt)
by the present route, as compared with the torrner, are
wholly incoriect. Among the items of expense by the pres-
ent route they enumerate the cost of existing daily service
from Chaileston to Fernandina, and of the daily service
from Fernandmato the tei minus of the Florida railroad. To
suppose that these daily lines could have been established
to transport a semi-monthly mail to Havana, is biniply ab-
surd. From the 1st of July to the 21st of November, 1859.
the Havana mails were carried via Fernandina and Cedar
Keys without the aid of the daily line from Charleston to
Fernandina, which was not put in operation till the latter
date; and the steamboat line by which, till tffen, they were
conveyed to Fernandina, the line from Savannah, via Fer-
nandina, to Jacksonville and Pilatka, was in operation for
many years before it was so used, and it is in operation still,
and the expense of maintaining it has not been in the least
degree affected by the transportation or the non-transporta-
tion of the Havana mails; and the daily service on the Flor-
ida railroad was in operation at the present rate of pay—
$100 per mile per annum—for eighteen months before the
cxpiiation of the contract with the Isabel. To these items the
pamphlet adds the cost of the route from New Orleans to Key
West, which has been in operation for a number of years,
and on which the pay, prior to the 1st of July, 1859, was
§11,000 per annum more than the sum stipulated in the
present contiact. These lines are all intended to furnish
local mail supplies, and would obviously require to be
maintained independently of their use as a route for the
Havana mails. If, therefore, either of Mr. Mordecars pro-
posals had been accepted, and the Isabel service contin-
ued, the cost thereof would have been, m addition to the
pre&eut expenses, of the Department, less than the postages
between Key West and Havana, as no portion of the ex-
isting service could have been dispensed with in conse-
quence of such continuance." •
Now, if a letter starts from New York, going
to"Charleston5 to take the line from Charleston to
Havana, you might just as well add to the 'aost
of the route, as compared with the cost of th©
Isabel, the whole cost of mail transportation from
New York down to Charleston, when the fact is?
that you add simply to the number of mail-bags
which the railroads are obliged to carry without
any additional compensation. The service be-
tween Charleston and Fernandina is done by a
company in Charleston, over which Florida has
no control. The only service done in Florida is
the daily service across, which is necessary to
the local accommodation. The other service upon
water between NewOrlcans and Key West, upon
which this mail is thrown, is service done by a
house in New Orleans, known to the Senator from
Louisiana—Harris & Morgan. There is the
whole of the matter, and the whole explanation;
and in order that it may be understood, as this
letter relates to the whole subject, I hope it will
be considered as read altogether, that it may go
out with the letter which the Senator has pre-
sented; and, accordingly, I will give it to the
leporter.
The letter referred to is as follows:
Post Of hoc Dm'akMarch ft, 1850.
Sir* I have the honor to transmit herewitn copies of the
correspondence with this Department, part of which has
ah ead) been published m the Charleston papers, in relation
to the continuance of the mail service by the steamship Is-
abel between Chaileston and Havana, after the 30th of Juno
last; a perusal of which will inform your committee of the
reasons why the bids of M. C. Mordecai, for continuing that
bervite, could not be accepted.
1 al>o return herewith the pamphlet and memorial from
Mr. Moidecai, referred to me for examination by the com-
mittee ; and, in compliance with your request, will correct
some of the statements therein made, and the inferences
drawn therefrom, in regard to the contract with Mr. Mor-
decai, the reason why it was not renewed upon the teims
proposed, and the character and cost of the new service
substituted by the Department.
1. Service by the I.sabel, between Charleston and Havana,
touching at Savannah and Key West, commenced on the
Ifttb of October, 1S48, under a contract made m pursuance
of the piovisions of the act of 3d March, 1845, the first sec-
tion of which authorizes the Postmaster General " to con-
tiact for the tranbpoitation of the United States mail be-
tween any of the pons of the United States and a poit or
poits of any foreign Power, whenever, in his opinion, the
public interest will thereby he pi emoted-," and the seventh
section required him to "give the preference to such bid-
der for the contiact as shall propose to carry the mail in a
stram&hip or ships, and the said contractor stipulating to
deliver said ship or ships to the United State?, or to their
proper officer, upon demand made, lor the purpose of beuijj '
converted into a vessel or vessels ol war/' This contract
expired on 30th June, 1851, the set vice was readveitised
and let for four years, on same terms, to 30th June, 185.5,
and then adveitised and let for a further term of four >pars,
to the 30th of June, 1859. I]efore the expnation ot the last
contract, the act of 1-lth Jum*, 1858, had been passed, ro-
stucting the compensation to be thereafter allowed '* for
carrying the mails on the sea-' to the "sea and inland post-
ages on the inuih 40 transported and, therefoie, when pro-
posals were again invited by Postmaster General Biowri,m
the general advertisement ot 13th December, 1858, for ser-
vice on routes in the States ot South UatolmajGeoigiajand
Florida, from July 1, 1859, to June 30, 1863, the following
note was appended to the steamship route from Charleston,
via Savannah and Key West to Havana, Cuba,namely:
"Note.—The act of June 14, 1858, prescribes 'that it
shall not be lawful for the Postmaster General to make any
steamship or other new contract for cairying the mails on
the sea, for a longer period than two years, nor lor any other
compensation than the sea and inland postages on tbe mails
so conveyed.5 Unless, therefore, this law is repealed at
the present session of Congress, no bids on this route can
be considered or accepted except such as offei to perform
the service for the sea and inland postages, and for a con-
tract term not exceeding two years."
