572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
hibit slavery, and Government officials veto their
enactments. Accepting this doctrine, the Demo-
cratic Legislature of New Mexico,under the lead
of Democratic Government officials, piompted by-
Mr. Otero, the Democratic Delegate," at the so-
licitation of General R. Davis, of Mississippi,"
have enacted a brutal and bloody slave code. Al-
ready the Democratic chiefs of the slave power
are demanding the enactment of a slave code by
Congress, and the leaders of the Democracy arc
hastening to give them assurances that " if," in
the words of the Vies President, " this constitu-
tional right to hold slaves as property in the Ter-
ritories cannot be enforced for want of proper le-
gislation to enforce it, sufficient legislation must
be passed, or our Government is a failure."
Rejecting the dogmas accepted by the Democ-
racy, and holding with the republican fathers, that
slavery cannot exist in the Territories, except by
positive law, and that Congress and the people
of the Territories may exclude it, the Republican
party takes issue with the national Democracy,
and appeals to the intelligent patriotism of the
country. It appeals, not to the local and tempo-
rary interests of sections, but to the lasting inter-
ests of the whole country; not to the passions
and pride of classes, but to the sober judgment,
the sense of justice, the love of liberty, and the
humane and Christian sentiments of all classes.
Sir, in the progress of the contests of the past
six years between the interests of slave labor and
the rights of free labor in the infant empires we
are creating in the West, the power of the northern
Democracy has been broken, and its leadois have
ingloriously fallen. Falling in the groat battle of
" justice in conflict," in the words of Mr. Jef-
ferson, "with avarice and oppression," the
once powerful chiefs of the northern Democracy
are forced to submit to the bitter mortification of
realizing not only their lost power, but their loss
of influence in the councils of the party they have
so faithfully followed. The organization of the
committees m this Chamber cannot but remind
the northern Democratic Senators, who yet linger
hero, of their waning power over the legislation
of the connti y, over their political associates, end
their duty to follow rather than to lead ; to-roceive
orders rather than to give them. Now the loaders
of the Democratic party, the men who dictate ils
principles and shape its policy aie in the South.
Well might Air. Keitt boastingly say? as he did
on a recent occasion to the people of South Caro-
lina, u issues huve been made which have tried
the Democratic, party;" " its northern hosts have
melted away*," " ns the northern wing declined,
the southern wing strengthened" the slavery
agitation has weakened the party at the North
and strengthened it at the South;" " the whole
machinery of the party has fallen into the hands
of the South," and u the South has the general
control of the Democratic, parly."
Having, Mr. President, forced the northern
Democrats, by threats of political proscription, to
repudiate (he principle of slavery restriction in the
Territories; having forced Mr. Calhoun's dogma
upon the Democratic organization; having won
the " general control," and secured the "whole
machmery,"of the Democratic party, these south-
ern leaders of the slave Democracy, now masters
of the Government, are pleased to assume that the
policy of the Republican party, sanctioned, as it
nan been, by (lie groat statesmen of the past of the
North and South, is a policy of aggression upon
the South; and that its success in I860 will be
cause for the dissolution of the Union, and the
overthrow of the Republic. The chiefs of the slave
Propaganda, the accepted leaders of the Demo-
cratic party, in the public press, in the forum of
the people, m the State Legislatures, and m these
Chambers, are predicting disunion, arguing dis-
union. and threatening disunion. Every breeze
from the South is burdened with these disunion
predictions, arguments, and threats. In these
Chambers our ears are fatigued with listening to
these disloyal, unpatriotic, revolutionary, but,
thank God, impotent avowals! That some of the
actors iii iinsuitoyd farce now being played be-
fore the nation are in earnest, that they would
shiver the Union "from turret to foundation
stone," no one who has watched their turbulent
career can for a moment doubt; but the vigor of
their blow is not equal to the vehemence of their
desire. These actors have before shown that they
are quite prudent enougti to " let I dare not wait
upon I would." This disunion farce, which the
leaders of the slave-extending, slave-perpetuating
Democracy, have put upon the national stage, and
through the parts of which so many actors are
moving with such tragic strut, is intended to
startle and appal the timid, make the servility of
the servile still more abject, rouse the selfish in-
stincts of that nerveless conservatism which has
evcropposed every useful reform,and wailed over
every rotten institution as it fell; and thus, through
the cowardly fears and selfishness of the optimists
and quietists, retain their grasp on power. Sir,
we shall see whether this disloyal conspiracy
will alarm the eighteen million northern freemen;
whether the actors in this disunion farce will
play a winning game; or whether the. insulted
patriotism of the country, North and South, will
not rebuke this exhibition of madness and folly,
and dismiss these actors from the service of that
Union they threaten to subvert and destroy.
But this is not, sir, the first time this farce of
disunion has been played. When the Republi-
can party sprung into being in 185G, to arrest the
aggressions of slavery, to redress the wrongs of
the people of Kansas, the leadmgpresscs and poli-
ticians of the Democracy in the South, then pre-
dicted, argued, and threatened the dissolution of
the Union, if Fremont should be elected. The
success of this disunion play, in 1856, as well as
their own " yawning need,5' in 1860, may have
prompted the Democratic managers to put the old
farce upon the stage, in the imposing form now
witnessed.
Now, Mr. President, I intend toplacebefore the
Senate, and, as far as I can, before the patriotic,
liberty-loving, and Union-loving men of the free
States, the predictions of disunion, the arguments
for disunion, and the menaces of disunion, made
by some of the presses and some of the men m
tin; interests of slavery—presses that are the ex-
ponents of, and men who are the acknowledged
leaders of, the sectionalizcd, slave-extending De-
mocracy. 1 want the people of Massachusetts,
and of the country, to see that the political seces-
sionists and disumonists are the trusted expo-
nents and the accepicd leaders of the national De-
mocracy. ! want the alarmed conservatives of
the North, who hasten into Union-saving meet-
ings, to see and to realize that the men who are
now blurting their disunion sentiments into the
unwilling ear of a loyal people, arc the leaders
of that "party which they by their shrinking
timidity are upholding in power. 1 want the de-
luded masses of the northern Democracy to see
the hypocrisy, the airant cowardice of their lead-
ers at home, who arc fatiguing the weary ear of
the country with their worn-out professiQnsoflovo
and devotion to the Union, while they dare not
rebuke the disloyal nvowals and menaces of the
leaders they follow with cra\en soul and fettered
i>i>.
When, Mr. President, th" Republican party,
summoned into being and into action, in 185G,by
the aggressions of sla\ery, by the cumcs against
the people of Kansas, app< aled in tones as earn-
est as ever issued from human hps, to the Ameri-
can people, to their sense of justice, their love of
liberty, their emotions of humanity, and their
sentiments of patriotism, to all that is highest,
noblest, and holiest in human nature, to rescue the
Government, arrest slavery extension, redress the
wrongs of the people, and give repose to the coun-
try, by restoring the Government to the policy
of Washington and Jefferson, Democratic pi esses
and Democratic leaders, whose vital and animat-
ing principle is the piopagation and expansion of
human shivery on the North American continent,
raised the startling war-cry of disunion. Timid
and selfish conservatism, which saw, unmoved,
liberty cloven down in a distant Territory, and
heard the imploring appeals for protection of free-
men whose sacked and burning cabins illumed the
midnight skies, shrank appalled when it heard
this cry of disunion, opened its long putsc, and
continued the destinies of the country in the keep-
ing of men who avowed their intention to ruin if
they could not rule it.
Sir, when that uncertain contest was going on,
when the. election of Fremont seemed to the lead-
ers of the Democracy not only possible but prob-
able, the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Sljdell,]
one of the most skillful leaders of the slave De-
mocracy—the acknowledged friend and champion
of Mr. Buchanan—declared to the country that
"if Fremont should be clectcd the Union would bo
dissolved." The bold, dashing, and out-spoken
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] declared,
with emphasis, that "if Fremont was elected the
Union would be dissolved and ought to be dis-
solved." The Senator from Virgina, [Mr. Ma-
son,] then, as now, at the head of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, who avowed an the floor of
the Senate that "the South has the right to the
natural expansion of slavery as an element of
political power," declared in a public letter that
unless the aggression upon the rights of the South,
as he was pleased to designate the resistance of the
people of the North against slavery extension,
ceased, he was for " the separation of these States."
Mr. Butler, of South Carolina, then aleading mem-
ber of the body, which placed him at the head of
the important Committee on the Judiciary, said:
" When Fremont is elected, we must rely upon what we
have—a good State government. Eveiy Governor ol the
South should eail the Legislating of his State together, and
have measures of the South decided upon. If they did not,
and submitted to the degradation, they would deserve the jate
of slaves. I should advise my Legislature to go at the tap of
the drum."
Sir, I mi^ht quote other declarations of Sena-
tors, in which these ideas are expressed; but I
must pass on. In the House, as the records will
bear evidence, these sentiments were profusely
uttered by the men who upheld the course of op-
pression m Kansas, and dictated the policy of the
Democratic party. Mr. Keitt, in a fiery and
vehement speech to the people of Lynchburg, Vir-
ginia, exclaimed, in view of the apprehended elec-
tion of Fiemont:
I tell you now, that if Fromont h clcctcd, adherence to
the Union is treason to liberty [Loud cheeis.] 1 tell you
now, that the southern man who will submit to his election
is a traitorand a coward. [Enthu-aastic cheers.]"
This speech, so contemptuous, so defiant to-
wards the people of the North* so cmphatic in its
avowals of disunion^1, was promptly indorsed as
"sound doctrine " by John B. Floyd, now Mr.
Buchanan's Secretary of War—a gentleman of
whom the Boston Post, the leading Administra-
tion organ m New England,in 1850, said, "hence-
forth he must be treated as n disunionist, and the
most dangerous of them all." In the autumn of
IH5G, Mr. Brooks, of South Carolina, received
from the people of his district an ovation. Sen-
ator Butler, and the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] attended, andothcr southern Democratic
leaders sent applauding letters. To the assem-
bled people of his district, Mr. Brooks said:
" We ha\ c ihc iv tie upon now; and how are wc to
meet if5 1 tell you,<eIlo\v-c!t!7.ens,lrom the bottom oi my
iie.ii t,that the only mode which I think available foi meet-
ing it n just to tear the Constitution of the United States,
I) umplc it underfoot- anfoim a southern Confederacy, eveiy
State of whuh will lea slaveholdinz State. [Loud and pio-
lonsred cheers.] I believe it, as 1 stand in the face oi my
Makei; I believe it on ni> responsibility to jou as youi
honored Representative, tnat the only hope of the South is
m the Southland that the only available means of making
that hope elective is to cut asunder the bonds that tie us to-
gether , and take our separate position in the family of nations.
These aic my opinions. They have always been my opin-
ions. I haie been a disunionist from the time I could think.'7
" Now, fellow-citizens, I have told you very fianklyantl
unchsgmsedly that I believe the only hope of the South is in
dissolving I he bonds which connect t<s nith the Government—
in separating the hriyin body from the dead cartas':. I f I was
the commander of an army, I never would post a sentinel
who would not sweat that slavery is right.'-'
" I speak a> a man—n*-. a pnvato gontleman—a-^ a slave-
holder, and I tell jon that oui hop- i-> alone in the South;
and the only mode of making that hope available, is foi
the South h/ some act to effect, a dlssolutun of the *.ima iui/i
Union. And 1 «av tin-; • that if John (J. Fremont i«* elected
Pie.sidentof the United States, oui people ought to have
sense enough to know that the ibsue is upon them, and
cannot be a\oidcd." «*«***
I --peak on my individual lcsponsibility : if Fn'mont be
clectcd President of the United States, I am for the people
in their majesty rising above the la i0 and leadeis, talcing the
po i er into their otvn ^hands, going ly concert or not by con-
ceit, and laying the strong of southern freemen upon the
Ti easury and archives of the Government. [Applause.]"
These emphatic avowals of disunion were ap-
plauded by the people who had, by a unanimous
vote, sustained his action, and commissioned him
to speak for them in this Capitol. Well might the
Charleston Mercury declare, as it has, that—
" Upon the policy of dissolving the Union, of separating
the South from her northern enemies, and establishing a
soutkern Confederacy^ parties, presses, politicians, andpeople,
were a unit. ' There is not a single public man in her limits.
