1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-973
not one of her present Representatives or Senators in Con-
gress, uho is not pledged to the lips in favor of disunion.
Jiuleedj we well remember that one of the most prominent
ieadeu? «)1 the co peration party, when taunted with sub-
mission, rebuked the thought by saymg, ithat in opposing
■secession, he only took a step backward to strike a blow more
deadly against Ike Union.' "
Sir, the erratic, aspiring, blustering Wise, who
"would introduce slavery into the heart of the
North," who " would allow slavery to pour itself
out without restraint, and find no limit but the
Southern ocean," in the autumn of 1856, told-thc
people of Virginia that—
"The South could not, without degiadation, submit to
the election of a Black Republican President. To teil me
we should submit to the election of a Black Republican,
under circumstances like these, is to tell me tli.it Virginia
and the fourteen slave States aie already subjugated and
degiaded, [cheers;] that the southern people aie without
spirit, and without purpose to defend the rights they know
and dare not maintain. [Cheers.] If you submit to the
election of Fremont, you will prove what Slward and
Burlingame said, to be true—that the South cannot be
kicked out of the Union."
He avowed his readiness to put the military
force of Virginia upon a war footing; and lie gave
the valorous assurance to his disunion associates
that " the chivalry" of Virginia " would hew its
brightway through all opposing legions." Rumor
said, and I believe truly,that this Dcmocraticas-
pirant to the Presidency held correspondence with
southern Governors, to concert measures prepar-
atory to disunion; that he and his disunion com-
peers organized a plot to seize the arsenal at Har-
per's Ferry; to take possession of the navy-yard
at Norfolk, and inaugurate rebellion, revolution,
and disunion, in the event of Fremont's succcss.
The Washington correspondent of the New Or-
leans Delta, a journal high in the confidence of
the Pierce administration, wrote:
" It is aheady arranged, in the event of Fremont's elec-
tion, oi a failure to elect by the people, to call the Legi-da-
tuies of Vngmia, South Oaiohnu, and Gooigia, to conceit
mcasme* to withdiaw horn the Union before iV-moiit can
get possession of the Atmy and Navy and the pur-e-strins-.
of Government. Governor JVise is actively at u ork already
in the matter. The South can rely on the President in the
emergency contemplated. The question now is, whcthui the
people of the South will sustain their leaders."
Mr. Corry, of Ohio, reports Mr. Banks, of Vir-
ginia, as having said to him, a few days after the
election in 1856, that—
The South would have dissolved the Union if Fremont
had been elected President of the United States; that Gov-
erns Wise and the Virginia leaders were teady to take the
field—inarch on Washington, depose the Federal officers,
take the Treasury, archives, building, ground*, &c.—de-
clare the Confederation de facto overthrown. lie said the
tiling would have been easy; there were thnty thousand
men ready; twenty thousand cavalry; sets of accoutoi-
ments; that the public mind was sufficiently excited to over-
come all domestic resistance, and that they could whip the
North m the fight."
This is the Mr. Banks, who once edited a
paper in Virginia^ who avowed that he hated free
schools, and everything that was free—a gentle-
man who was supported by the Democracy for
Clerk of the other House, and who was con-
nected with the public printing for the last Con-
gress.
Mr. PUGfH. Does the Senator know that Mr.
Banks has denied uttering that sentiment?
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not. I have seen no such
denial.
Mr. PUGH. He has repeatedly done so in
public.
Mr. WILSON. I will not state the sentiment
as his, if it has been denied. I had no doubt of
the truth of the statements of Mr. Corry, because
they chime in with the other evidence; but I will
not quote it.
Mr. PUGH. The reason I made the inquiry
is, that Mr. Banks is now one of my constituents,
and he has denied uttering that sentiment. 1 felt
bound, therefore, to make the correction.
Mr. WILSON. T accept the denial.
Evidence of the disloyal, revolutionary, and
treasonable course of Henry A. Wise is also fur-
nished by Charles J. Faulkner, late Representative j
of the Harper's Ferry district, chairman of the
congressional Democratic committee in 185C, and
now Minister to France. At a Democratic meet-
ing recently held in Virginia, over which Mr. j
Faulkner presided, he said: :
When that noble and gallant son of Virginia, Henry A.
Wi?o, declaied, as was v«ud he did m October, 1858, that,
if Frunont should be elected, he would sfize tiie na-
tional arsenal at Hvrphr's Ferry, how tew would at
th.it time have justified so bold and dccided a measure ? It
n eke fortune of some great and gifted minds to see far in ad-
vance of their cotemporuries, Should William H. Seward
be elected in 1860, where is the man now m our midst who
would not call for the hnpeachment of a Governor of Vir-
ginia who would silently suffer that armory to pass under the
control oj such an executive head ?"
This " noble and gallant son of Virginia" who,
in 1856, " saw far in advance of his ^tempora-
ries/ ' who was ready, if Fremont had been elected,
" to seize the arsenal at Harper's Ferry," is now
looking with hungry eye to the Charleston conven-
tion, and is now the applauded and favorite hero of
a class of men in the North, who are stammering
into the cars of a doubting people their uxorious
love of the Union; and this Democratic orator,
who would demand the impeachment of a Gov-
ernor of Virginia if he should permit the arsenal
at Harper's Ferry to pass under the control of
William H. Seward, if elected to the Presidency,
is nominated by a Democratic President, and con-
firmed by the united voice of the Democratic Sen-
ators, to represent the Republic at the Court of
Louis Napoleon. This Democratic Administra-
tion, and this Democratic party, which invoke
the support of the Union-loving, conservative men
of the free States, send to the proudest monarchy
of the Old World the man who uttered this in-
surrectionary and disloyal sentiment. Yes, sir;
Democrats, with the accents of Union upon their
lips, sanction the appointment of a man who is
avowedly m favor of civil war and disunion. Let
the real friends of law, of order, of the unity of
the Republic, mark and remember this want of
fidelity to the Union by the Administration, and
the men who lead the Democratic party.
Sir, the Richmond Enquirer, the leading Demo-
cratic organ south of the Potomac, during the
canvass of 1856, avowedly advocated disunion.
That exponent of the slave Democracy said:
Sumner and Sumner's friends must be punished and
silenced. Eithei such wiotchesmust bo hungoi put in the
pomteiitiaiy, oi the South should picpaie at once to quit
the Union."
" If Fiemont is elected. the Union will not last an houi
after Mi Pieice's teun e\pue=;.r
'• II Fiomont is elected, it will be the duty of the South
to dissolve th" Union and foini a southern Confederacy."
lk Let the South present a compact and undivided front.
Let her, if possible, detach Pennsylvania and southern
Ohio, southern Indiana, and southern Illinois fiom the
North, and lyake the lugiilaudt. between the Ohio and the
lakes the dividing line Let the South neat with Cahfoi-
niajand, if necessary, ally her*cU with Russia, with Cuba,
and Brazil."
Sir, this journal, which, during the canvass, had
avowed the rankest disunion sentiments—this
journal, which had been tin* trumpet of the alarm-
ists, after the election had been won by the aid,
the "material aid," of alarmed and quaking con-
servatism, very naively announced to the victims
„of this disunion pome, that "Governor Wise threat-
ened disunion only to save the Union /" Yes, sir;
the valiant Wise, leady to put the military force
of his dominions on a war footing; ready to hew
his bright way through all opposing legions;
ready to seize Harper's Ferry, " onljr threatened
disunion to save the Union!" Patriotic Wise!
Who, in view of the sagacious patriotism of that
"noble and gallant son of Virginia," will not
accept the tribute of the admiring Faulkner that
" it is the fortune of some grent and gifted mmds
to see far in advance of their cotemporaries'"
May not shivering, despairing conservatism, in-
dulge the faint hope that other " noble and gal-
lant sons of Virginia," and of the sunny South,
may, in humble imitation of the far-seeing Wise,
be "threatening disunion only to save the Union?"
We arc entering, Mr. President, upon another
presidential election; another great struggle for
supremacy in the national councils between the
opposing forces of slavery extension and slavery
restriction. The nation once more presents to
mankind " the interesting spectacle, of justice in
conflict with avarice and oppression." This
" conflict" is stirring the country to its profound-
est depths. Conscious of their waning power, the
advocates of slavery expansion are again haught-
ily menacing the dissolution of the Union in the
event of their defeat by the people. Again, in the
public press, in assemblages of the people, in State
Legislatures, and m these Chambers,disloyal and
revolutionary threats are made to intimidate the
people.
Sir, the Senator from Georgia, before the meet-
ing of Congress, boasted before the people of his
State, that " the proud and enviable condition of
the poor men in the South, compared to the de-
graded WHITE SLAVES OF THE NORTII, IS Owing
to the existence of African slavery m the South."
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask which Senator from Georgia he refers to?
Mr. WILSON. The Senator who is now on
the floor.
Mr. IVERSON. Then that is a mistake. I
never used any such language.
Mr. WILSON. _ I quoted it from a Georgia
paper, which published it at the time.
Mr. IVERSON. • I deny it positively. My
speech is on record and in print. The gentleman
shall have a copy of it, if he wants one.
Mr. WILSON. It was a speech made in Geor-
gia during the summer,
Mr. IVERSON. I made no such declaration
as that. What I did say was simply this: that
the condition of African slavery at the South ele-
vated the poor white man; but I did not speak
of the poor people of the North as slaves, by any
means.
Mr. WILSON. Then the Senator is misquoted
by his own papers, and I withdraw it as far as
that is concerned. J will go on with the rest of
the quotation from the same spccch, and the Sen-
ator can deny that or not. The Senator, at the
same meeting where he is reported to have used
the words which he now disclaims, and which I
am glad he disclaims, is reported to have said:
" Slavery must be maintained—in the Union., if possible ;
out of it, if necessary; peaceably if we may, forcibly if we
must."
Mr. IVERSON. I said that.
Mr. WILSON. And the Senator drew this
flattering; view of a southern confederation:
il In a confederated government of their own, the south-
ern States would enjoy sources of wealth, prosperity, and
power, unsurpassed by any nation on earth. Wo neutrality
lawt  would restrain our adventurous sons. Our expanding
policy would stretch far beyond present 1 Units. Cential
America would join her destiny to ours, and so would
Cuba, now withheld from us by the voice and votes of
abolition enemies."
i Coming into this Chamber, the honorable Sen-
| otor early sought occasion to say:
j (t Sir, 1 will tell you what I would do, if I had the con-
I trol of the southern members of this House aad the other,
when you elect John Sherman. JfT had control of the
public sentiment, the very moment that you elect John
Sherman, thus givincr to the South the example of insult
as well as injury, J would walk, every one of us, out of the
Halls of this Capitol, and consult oui constituents; and I
would nevei enter again until 1 was bade to do so by those
who had the right to control me. Sir, F go further than
that. £ would counsel my constituents instantly to dissolve
all political ties with a party and a people who thus tram-
ple on our lights. That is what I would do."
In a carefully prepared and very elaborate
speech recently delivered, the Senator from Geor-
; gia said:
i " Sir, there is butone path of safety to the South 5 but one
j mode oi preserving hei institution of domestic slavery; and
! that is a confederacy of States having no incongruous and
i opposing elements—a conledeiacv of slave States alone,
wah homogeneous language, laws, interests, and-institu-
tions. Under such a confederated republic, with a consti-
tution which should shut out the approach and entrance of
all incongruous and conflicting elements, which should pro-
tect the institution Irom change, and keep the whole nation
ever bound to its preservation by an unchangeable funda-
mental law, the fifteen slave States, with their power of
expansion, would present to the world the most fiee, pros-
perous, and happy nation on the face of the wide eaith.
lc Sir, with these views, and with the film conviction
which J have enteitained foi many years, and which recent
events have only soived to confirm, that the 4 impressible
conflict' between the two sections must and will go on, and
with accumulated speed, and must end, in the Union, with
the total extinction of African slavery in the southern
States, I have announced my determination to approve and
urge the southern States to dissolve the Union upon the
election ot a Black Republican to the Piesidency ofthe Uni-
ted States, by a sectional northern party, and upon a plat-
form of opposition and hostility to southern slavery."
The Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]
in the speech to his constituents from which I
have already quoted, and in which he avows his
desire to acquire territory in Central America and
Mexico, " to plant slavery in," says:
" Whether we can obtain the territory while the Union
lasts, i do not know; 1 fear we cannot. But 1 would make
an honest effort, and if we failed, I would go out of the
Union, and try it there. T speak plainly—I would make a
refusal to acquire territory because it was to be slave ter-
utoiy, a cause lor disunion, just as 1 would make the re-
fusal to admit a now State, because it was to be a slave
State, a cause for disunion."
Surely no one can mistake the position of the
j' Senator. If the people of the free States, who
'j believe slavery to be what Henry Clay said it was,
l! " a curse," " a wrong—a grievous wrong"," that
(i no contingency could make right/' should re-
fuse to acquire territory 14 because it was to be
slave territory," he would make that refusal
u causo for disunion.*' The Senator has laid upon
