1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2537
At the lettings, Mr. Mordccai was found to be the only
bidder; but as Ins bids did not conform to the requirements
of the act of 14th June, 1858, they could not, of course, be
accepted.
Referring to the consequent discontinuance of the Isabel
service, the substitution of the route via Fernandina and
Cedar Keys, and the transportation of tlie mails between
Cedar Keys, Key West, and Havana, by the Gulf line of
steamers fioin New Orleans, the authors of the pamphlet
accompanying your letter remark, that " it is questionable
whether the Postmaster General has. not discriminated be-
tween two coastwise lines," and ask: £kI-Iow is the Atlantic
line, per Isabel, more an ocean line than that between New
OiJeans and Key'West i"' The answer is, that the line
from New Orleans to Key West was established as a do-
mestic route, by act of 'Sd March, 1851, entitled " An act to
establish certain post roads> in the United States and the
Teiritorie!* thereoiwhereas the Atlantic line, per Isabel,
was originally put in operation, as above staled, and sub-
sequently maintained, in pursuance of the provisions of
the 3d March, 1645, authorizing the Fostmaster General to
contract for the ti asportation of the Umtcd States mail to
foreign ports, and has never been specifically declared a
post route by act of Congiess. The claim to put u the Isa-
bel line between Charleston and Key Wesjf' on the same
footing with u the line between New Orleans and Key
West," is therefoie unsustained by the facts m the case.
The views presented in the memorial and pamphlet, re-
specting the economy of tian&porting the Havana mails
by the present loute, as compared with the former, are
wholly incorrect. Among the items of expense by the pres-
ent route, they enumerate thecostot theexistingdaily ser-
vic^pfrom Charleston to Fernandina, and ot the daily scrvice
fiom Fernandina to the terminus of the Florida railroad. To
suppose that these daily lines could have been established
to trans-port a semi-monthly mail to Havana, is simply ab-
surd. From the 1st of July to the 21st of November, 1859,
the Havana mails weie carried via Fernandina and Cedar
Keys, without the aid ot the daily line from Charleston to
Fernandina, which was not put in operation till the latter
date; and the steamboat line by which, till then, they were
conveyed to Fernandina, tlie line from Savar.nah, via Fer-
nandina, to Jacksonville and Pllatka,was in opeiation for
many years before it w.as so used, and it is in operation
still, and the expense of maintaining it has not been m the
least degree affected by the transportation or the non-trans-
poitation of the Havana mails. And the daily service on
the Florida railroad was in operation at the present rate
of pay—$100 per mile per annum—for eighteen months be-
fore the expiration ofthe contiact with the Isabel. To these
items, the pamphlet adds the cost of tlie route from Now
Orleans to Key West, which has been m operation for a
number of years, and on which the pay prior to 1st July,
1859, was §11,000 pei annum moie than the sum stipulated
in tlie present contract. These lines are all intended to
furnish local mail supplies, and would obviously require to
be maintained independently of their use as a loute for the
Havana mails. If, therefore, either of Mi. Mordecai's pro-
posals had been accepted, and the Isabel service continued,
the cost thereof would have been in addition to the pres-
ent expenses of the Department, less the postages between
Key West and Havana, as no portion of the existing ser-
vice could" have been dispensed with in consequence of
such continuance.
With regard to the expenditures alleged to have been
made by the memorialist, in refitting and lepairing the
steamei from yeai to year, I simply observe that such ex-
penses being a necessary incident to steamship scrvice, is
a mattei which mutt have been foreseen and duly consid-
ered by Mi. Mordccai, when he named his price, and con-
tracted with the Depaitment for the service, it is not per-
ceived, theicfore, that tlie amount expended m keeping the
steamer in icpair could have been piopetly considered a
ieason lor continuing the contract, even if the act of 14th
June, 1858, had not been passed. And in lclation to the
heavy expenditure stated to have been incurred bypcrform-
mg service in steamships instead of sailing vessels, during
the months ot August and September, m li?57 and 1858, for
which he received $10,000 additional pay per annum, it
should be obseived that the improved service in question
was authouzed by the act of 3d Maich, 1857, at an addi-
tional compensation, not to exceed $10,000 per annum,
which was moie than pro rata on the original contract pay;
and if it was insufficient to meet the additional expenses
theieby incurred, it cannot certainly beuiged as any ground
ot complaint against this Department which allowed tlie
maximum amount authouzed by the act.
Your attention is ateo called to the statements made in
the memoual, that " on the 12th December, 1858, he (Post-
mastei Geneial Blown) advertised this n>utc to be let for
loui years, oi &ueh shorter period as the Postmaster Gen-
eial should determine, commencing fiom the expnation
(the 30th J une, 1659) ot the then existing contract with your
memorialist,"'and that, u postma-stcrGcneral Brown dying
in the month of March, 1859, and Congress havingfailed to
pass the Post Office appropriation bill, his successor, Mi.
Holt, witlidiew the advertisement of letting upon the loute
in question, and declined to renew the contract for transpor-
tation of the mail on that roufe, in any form; and, upon the
arrival of the .'50th June, 1859, permitted the contiact to
expne, thereby, m effect, blotting the said route out of ex-
istence,"' both of which are erioneons, and not sustained
by the tacts in the case. In the fnst place, the loute was
not advertised "to be let foi four years, or such shorter
time as the Postmaster Geneial should determine but, as
expressly ptated in the note appended to the advertisement,
quoted in this communication, the contiact period was to
be limited to tico years, and to the aca and inland postages as
compensation, unl^s* the act of 14th June, 1858, was previ-
ously repealed ; and secondly, " the advertisement ot letting
upon the loute m question" was not withdiawn, nor was
"the renewal of the contract for transportation of the mail
on that route ma>7i//or«t.,,dechneU; the fact being that the
bids received from Mr. Moidecai were not in accordance
with the twins ot tlie advertisement, nor of the act of 14th
June, 1858, and, therefore, could not be legally accepted ;
and that Mi. Mordccai was tendered the contract tor the
postages agiecably to the terms of that act.
Witb regard to the construction attempted to be given by
the memorialist, to the statements in my last annual report,
under the head of Isabel service," namely, that the re-
newal of the contract was declined simply on account of
the expensiveness of the seivice, and i(for that reason
alone, so far as the report assigns any reason," and also to
the inference drawn from the expression " declared to re-
new," that the Postmaster General agreed with his prede-
cessor, Governor Brown, in the opinion that the route should
be properly classed uas a coastwise line," and not as an
oecan line, it is scarcely necessary to say that no such con-
clusions can be legitimately drawn from said report; the
facts being that no reference was mafle in the report to the
legal rest! iction imposed by the act of I4th June,1858, whieh,
of itself, debarred the Postmaster Genei al from renewing tlie
contract at the rate of compensation previously allowed,
for the reason that such allusion was not considered neces-
sary, either for the information of Congress or the con-
tractor, the object being simply to explain the character
of the new service, via Fernandina and Cedar Keys, whieh
was substituted for the Isabel scrvice, and the saving of
expense to the revenues of the Department, resulting from
the change ; and on referring to the report it will be seen
that, so far fiom expressing the opinion that the route
should be classed " as a coastwise line," I distinctly stated
thatno reason is perceived why the policy indicated by
the act of 1858, which fixes the compensation for foicign
mail sorvico perfoimed by American vesselsat theseaand
inland postages, should not be applicable to this as to other
foreign mails."
It is further alleged by the memorialist" that, In order to
render the said ship capable at all times of being converted
into a war pteamer, he expended a much larger sum than
would have been necessary to fit her for transportation of
mails, passengers, or freight," and that this expenditure
'•eieated an implied obligation on the part of the Govern-
ment, to keep her in the mail service, on ihe route in ques-
tion, so long as it was continued a mail route," which,is
certainly a novel idea, never before advanced, so far as I
am advised, by any other contractor for the transportation
of the ocean mails, under similar contracts. The fact is,
that the provisions of the 7th section of the act of March
3, 1845, are not susceptible of any such construction; and,
instead of being considered as m any respect disadvanta-
geous to contractors, that section has invariably had the
effect of benefiting them, by preventing full competition,
and thereby greatly enhancing the cost of ocean mail steam-
ship service above what it could have been procured for, in
other vessels equally suitable in ail respects for the trans-
portation of the mails.
1 am, very lespectfully, your obedient servant,
J. HOLT.
Hon. D. L. Yulee, Chairman Committee on the Post OJfice
and Post Roads, United States Senate.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I have not in-
quired into the local service of the State of Flor-
ida. The Senate has just now confirmed the action
of the Postmaster General, in reducing the local
mail service of every State in the Union except
Oregon and Florida. Oregon stands equal to her
former service. Florida is the only State in which
the expenditure for local mail service has been
increased within the last twelve months.
Mr. YULEE. That stands sufficiently on the
explanation I made the other day.
Mr. PUGH. I read the Senator's table.
Mr. YULEE. I do not allude to that; but my
explanation to the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Green] put that right.
Mr. PUUli. X think I heard it. I state the
fact that the State of Oregon, the Territory of
Washington, the Territory of New Mexico, and
the Territory of Utah, stand even. There has been
no reduction and no increase; but every other
State of the Union has had her local mail service
reduced within the last year by the Postmaster
General, and confirmed by a vote of the Senate,
except the State of Florida. Why, sir ? It is in
a great measure because the expiration of the
Isabel contract, which Congress intended to re-
new, has devolved upon the local mails of Flor-
ida the carrying of the vast correspondence be-
tween the United States and the Island of Cuba.
Mr. YULEE. I have just stated that not a dol-
lar has been added for that service. I know that
fact; it has been shown here.
Mr. PUGH. Repetition would not be valuable.
The letter which I have read will go into the re-
port. As to this assertion that the Postmaster
General has carried the mails of the United States
to Havana for less money, or anything like it,
than they were carried by the Isabel route, it is
pure fiction. Whilst he has had no mercy on the
local mail service of other States, he has carried
the letters that should have gone by the Isabel,
by sacrificing the general mail service to the local
advantage of the State of Florida; and I think that
will appear to a demonstration, though I do not
choose to go further into it, by a comparison of
the letter, which I have had read, with the letter
which the Senator has had read.
Wow,' sir, how has that service been performed ?
Though the Senate, by that overwhelming ma-
jority—I have asked my friend from Florida [Mr.
Mallow] to find the vote; Idid not keep a mem-
orandum of the page,, although I found the place
this-morning—though tjia Senate, by an over-
whelming vote, determined to renew the Isabel
contract at the last session, in pursuance,of the
recommendation of the then Postmaster General,
upon the failure of all these appropriations, that
service was discontinued, and these mail? were
carried over the Fernandina route—carried by
steamer from Charleston and Savannah to Fer-
nandina, then by railroad, for, I believe, one.hun-
dred and thirty miles; thence by a coach,, or a
wagon, to Cedar Keys, there depending upon an
uncertain connection with a steamer from Hew
Orleans to Pensacola, Appalachicola, Cedar Keys,
and Key West—all these lines receiving payment
as inland routes, and the Postmaster General paid
by the postages from Key West to Havana, and
by the inland as well as the sea postages. Well,
sir, what has been the consequence ? I have the
honor to be a member of the Committee on the
Judiciary of the Senate. There was a message
sent to us from the President, not, I think, more *
than two weeks ago, announcing to us that the
slaver Wildfire had been captured off the coast
of Cuba, with more than five hundred Africans
on board of her. The Department was apprised
of the fact by a letter from the marshal of the
United States for the southern district of Florida.
He asked for instructions from the Department
as to what he should do, and in the conclusion of
his communication he says:
"The Department will be pleased to direct all communi-
cations for me to be sent to Charleston, to come iu tile
steamer Isabel on the 4th and 9th of each month, instead
of the Fernandina route, winch at this time is very irregu-
lar."
That is the way the service has been performed
under this extraordinary substitution. Shall I add
one sentence from this letter ? The Isabel scr-
vice has been discontinued, so far as payment is
concerned; but it has been actually performed
gratuitously, or at least under no contract, since
the 1st of July last. What does the Postmaster
General himself say in this communication?
"The postmaster at Charleston reports that the number
of letters delivered at his office from 1st October, 1859, to
1st January, 1860, on the return trips from Havana and
Key West via Cedar Keys and Fernandina, was not over
two hundred i and that the number delivered by the Isabel,
on her return tups from Havana, for tlie same period, was
ten thousand and twenty-three."
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me a word ?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. HAMMOND. It was not my intention
to institute any comparison between these two
routes; I have no desire to do that; but as long
as the Senator from Ohio has done it, allow me
to say that there were six trips performed in these
three months, five by the Isabel and one' by the
Catawba, which is a vessel gratuitously put upon
the line by the contractors to supply any defi-
ciency m the performance of the duty of the Isa-
bel; and that that vessel performed one of these
trips in which it carried rather more than the
average number; and that the real number of let-
ters that came back, instead of being ten thou-
sand and twenty-three, was twelve thousand five
hundred, and that the letters that went out were
thirteen thousand; while the letters going and
coming on the other route were only three hun-
dred.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator only corroborates
my statement. Now, sir, I have heard much dur-
ing the little time of this discussion that I have
been able to remain in my seat in the Senate,
about the expense of the service on postal routes
in the United States. I am willing to take my re-
sponsibility, as one of the members of Congress,
for the present bad principles on which the postal
service is organized; but the duty of the Post
Office Department is to take the principles estab-
lished by Congress; not to make other principles
of its own. I have strenuously voted to abrogate
the franking privilege. I am ready, if that and a
few other reforms be not sufficient, at the proper
time, to vote to increase the rate of postage. But,
undoubtedly, no man can deny that we may use
the postal department of the Government, as we
may use any other, for political purposes. We
have seen Jit to institute an overland service; not
that any man supposed that the postages would
pay for it, but on the same principle on which
many other Senatois have advocated a Pacific
