• I860.]
t APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
power would be unsafely and dangerously lodged
in our hands. Why,sir, would it be unsafe and
dangerous? Certainly they have suffered no dam-
age from us so far. He argues after this fashion:
he complains that we have been faithless in the
execution of his fugitive law, and therefore the
slave property of the South is insecure; but you
will remember, sir, that, long before he got through
with his speech, the slaves in Georgia were so
loyal to their masters that, from the days of the
revolutionary war to the present time, not one hun-
dred of all their black generations have fled from
bondage. Sir, if there are those whose nature is
so grateful that they can thank you for nothing,
there are others whose nature is so discontented
that they will complain upon very trifling cause.
Only one poor negro a year in eighty years has
escaped from the great State of Georgia; and yet
he trembles with rage, declares war, and lays hold
upon the pillars of the Union. One poor negro
a year, and even that negro not certainly lost,
through the Abolitionists or the aggressions of
the North. TheSenator docs not condcscend to
tell us how any or all the hundred have been spir-
ited away; but is content with boasting that all
who have been lost, from all causes whatever, do
not exceed a hundred.
Mr. President, when gentlemen come here and
volunteer such arguments as these, it is perfectly
evident that there is some motive stronger than
any consciousness of injury received at the hands
of those they accuse. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] seems to have been specially as-
signed to act as attorney general; and he has
brought in a bill of indictment, charging upon the
Senators on this side of the Chamber pretty much
all the crimes'known in the calendar, it is an
indictment interspersed with something of argu-
ment, more of declamation, and yet more of vi-
tuperation. Now, sir, I acknowledge him to be
well and worthily assigned to this duty; for he is
one of the ablest and most experienced members
of the Senate. If a ease could be made out at all
against the North, he is just the man to make it
out. I have already conceded his ability. All who
heard his speech will admit that he does not lack
the necessary zeal. If he has failed, he may say,
with another noted character, that he "fell where
Satan could not stand." [Laughter.] Sir, he has
failed—utterly, totally failed. I pass by, for the
moment, the impeachments of treason and per-
jury, to reach another, namely, an impeachment
  of cowardice—an impeachment which I confess
giated more harshly ou my ear than all the other
vituperations in which he indulged.
The Senator from Georgia said that we, the
Republican Senators here, " and the untold mil-
lions we represent, have fallen so low, that we
have not onlylost our virtue, but with itwc have
lost our courage, so that we have not the spirit to
resent an injury.** Did the Senator believe the
declaration which he made? If he did believe it,
and I have 110 doubt he did, from the tenor of his
language, he believed thaton this side the Chamber
we were all non-combatants. I will not suppose
that he intended to earn a cheap reputation for
valor, by insulting those who he supposed would
never accept a challenge. Mr. President, the whole
world knows, and therefore the Senator from
Georgia must know, that the people of the free
States of this Union have utterly condemned, re-
pudiated, and abolished, the old and barbarous
practice of dueling; every intelligent man knows,
and therefore the Senator from Georgia knows, that
if a Senator here from either of these States should
engage in a duel, lie would, for that cause alone,
whatever might be his excuse, be deserted and
proscribed; that he would be treated as an outcast
if overcome; while, if he should kill his adversa-
ry, he would be subjected to indictment and tiial
for murder, and would forever be excluded from
all public trust of honor or profit. This tone
of high moral sentiment is just and righteous in
itself, and I do not mean to gainsay it now; but
I do feel that it has placed me at a disadvantage
here. I feel it frequently, I feel that it often places
all of us here at the mercy of those who, not
having adopted the same just sentiments, act
towards us as if they construed our constrained
forbearance into a want of courage.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator must bo understood
as speaking only for himself and his own politi-
cal associates, when he attributes to all the North
a preference for ofiicc to their own honor and its
defense.
Mr. WADE I speak, so far as I know, the
sentiment of the people in the free States. I do
not know that there are exceptions to it; probably
there arc. It is not strange that this state of things
should exist. Our northern people have no reason
to distrust the courage of any portion of their fel-
low-citizens. Physical courage, with our northern
people, is a sentiment so general, that I must say
that it is cheapened by its universality. No man
suspects another to be a coward; for it would be
an exception to almost a universal rule. Who ever
has seen the northern people called into the field
of combat to maintain their rights, and not known
that braver men never stepped upon the quarter
deck, braver men never entered the perilous
breach ? Who ever heard of a coward among them
all where duty calls? «£>ir, we on this side, if I
understand the Senator from Georgia, and the un-
told millions whom we represent, have not the
courage to maintain our honor. Even if I thought
that 
Mr. TOOMBS. I refer the honorable Senator
to my speech. I made no such allegation against
the people of the North. I said that people who
did not maintain their obligations, (and I was
alluding especially to the Republican party,) peo-
ple who would violate their compacts, were not
to be dreaded when they threatened to march down
their millions upon us. The speech is 111 print.
There is no such allegation against the people of
the North; but the gentlemen seem to consider
themselves the people of the North, and I do not.
That is the difference between us.
Mr. WADE. Here is pieeisely what the Sen-
ator did say: I may construe it dilleiently from
him, perhaps. Let\is see what was his language:
" 1 doubt it' then1 I>c iive, out oi a!! the members of the
Republican paitv on tins Hoof, who will Maud u(> lsoie
to-day, and t-avthey me willmir. by Plate or I'Ydeia!
legislation, 01 in any other maimer, to uphold and eomplv
with this proviMon ot the Constitution, f do nut believe
theie ate enough to nu ct Uod's ihuil mjUiMtion to save
Podoiii No, sir; they mock at constitutional obligations,
jeer at oatln.'^,
A little further on lie said:
il Thev placc gioat reliance ou this arm of the Black Re-
publican phalanv, fnllmhng to the slaves 1 *-uppo*.c J When
they pet icady for till* biotheilv woik, in the name and
behalf of my constituents I evteud to them a coidial invi-
tation to come down to see us. But it is due to candor to
say that their reputation need-* rome building up among
my constituents-. We do not think tho-o men the moat
dangerous w io aie the mo«t faithless to their compacts;
and, m veiy unth, we have but small 1'eui of men, even as
leadeis of untold millions-, who have not manhood enough
to maintain and defend then own honoi.s "
I supposed that the leader was as courageous,
at all events, as those he led. That was the con-
struction that I put upon it. J supposed that it
was a declaration that we, and those whom we
represent, lacked that courage which is necessary
to maintain our own honor when it was im-
pcachod. If the gentleman says that was not 
Mr. TOOMBS. I call the Senator's attention
to this: I said that those persons who were faith-
less to their compacts, who passed personal lib-
erty bills, were not to be dreaded; and there is no
other construction, I think, to be put on the lan-
guage fairly, though the Senator can give it what
construction he pleases.
Mr. WADE. 1 accept the gentleman's con-
struction of it. 1 put a much larger construction
on it than that; but I am very glad to hear the
Senator's explanation, because 1 see that it is no
paitieulai ment to us, nor to the gentlemen on
that side, that we generally have physical courage.
We inherit it fiom our heroic ancestors, who,
when occasion required it, dragged guilty kings
from their thrones, and deprived them of their
crowns, because they undertook to trample upon
the rights of the people; and we, their descend-
ants, i trust in God, are as ready to vindicate,
not only our honor, but our rights, as were our
ancestors at any period.
I do not differ widely with the Senator on one
point. The man who would be faithless to his
obligations, and would commit perjury, I think
would be very apt to be a coward; but on the sub-
ject of dueling, I do not wish to be misundertood
either here or by our people at home. I agree with
them that it is a barbarous mode of settling diffi-
culties at best, and ought to be totally unnecessary
in the advanced stage of civilization to which we
have arrived in this country. The restraints of
civilized life with us are generally sufficient, and.
they ought to be always sufficient among us, to
oblige every man to suppress violent xitterances
and to keep within bounds of moderation and re-
spectful consideration of the rights and feelings of
others. The case may be quite different in semi-
civilized communities, where there are no such
other restraints. I do not know but the duel may
be necessary there. In any community-, if a man'
cannot be restrained from offering insult'by any
more elevated principle than fear, it may be ne-
cessary that he be compelled to respect the rights
of others, even by the fear of combat. And I do
not say that I should not, in an extreme case,
maintain my own rights in that barbarous way
here, whatever might be thought of it at home.
I have said enough, Mr. President, I trust,on that
point.
The Senator charges us all with perjury and
disloyalty to the Constitution. Just see, now, how
inconsistent a gentleman, in the heat of argument,
may become. He has taken here an oath to sup-
port the Constitution; the same oath which wc
nave taken, and which he accuses us of breaking;
and yet he announced to us that he is impatient, nay
eager, for a symbol of war from the Old Dominion
against the Constitution and the Union. I do not
use his cxact language, though I have i-t before
me. He is ready and eager to second her motion.
" One blast from her bugle horn," he said," would
call to then? feet a million of men." A million of
men, sir! A million of men for what? Why,a
million of men to topple down the pillars of this
Republic, and overwhelm the Vhole country in
one universal ruin.
And all this the million of men roused by the
bugle horn of the Old Dominion, are to do next
March, if a Republican shall be elected, constitu-
tionally elected President, in November. Docs he
not stand on high ground, sir? I ask him to say,
for himself, that he occupies high vantage ground,
while charging us with treason and violation of our
oaths, when he is with the same breath threaten-
ing to pulldown the pillars of the Union. Sir, if
this is not treason, then I do not know what it is.
If it is not a violation of the oath to support the
Constitution, then I do not understand the import
of the words. I know, indeed, that these things
are said in the heat of debate, and may mean but
veiy little, but they go out to the world as delib-
erate debates, and therefore must be noticed here.
And now 1 dismiss this point, and pass from
the declamation to the argument of the gentleman
from Georgia, for, as I have said, he is among
the ablest of his class. No man is more compe-
tent to make out a case against the Republicans
or the people of the North. He has deliberated
long;, ho has studied deeply, not merely in the
history of ancient and modern Europe, but even in
the history of ancient Greece, to fortify hfs argu-
ment. What docs his accusation amount to? First,
we have not been quite nimble-footed enough in
executing his fugitive law. He gives us not one
instance, not one case of delinquency. He is con-
tent with making a general charge, that we are
faithless to the Constitution in this respect. Now,
sir, I know of no case of resistance to the execu-
tion of the fugitive law in the State of Ohio. I
know a great many men there who believe, before
God and* man, that it is unconstitutional, yet I
know of no man who has stood forth to resist its
execution. On the contrary, whenever a case
under it has come before our courts, it has been
carefully scrutinized, and the law has been most
rigorously executed- There have been doubtful
cases; there have even been cases in which there
was little room left for doubt that the seeming
remedies gianted by that law have been perverted
to the atrocious purpose of kidnapping and carry-
ing freemen into slavery.
iV citizen of Ohio, not long ago, whose name I
do not now recollect, was taken to St. Louis,and
there imprisoned under State law, to be sold into
slavery to pay the charges of his detention, until
he was released by the jicopleof Ohio. This was
no solitary case; such cases frequently occur. I
meet the general charge with a general denial, and
I assert that the people of Ohio have not been
faithless in the execution of this most rigorous,
odious, and, as I believe, in many of its provis-
