1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
vious; but it is plain enough to see that they will
sustain some injury by it. There is no principle
upon which such obligations can be placed upon
persons undertaking to work for the public con-
venience, and except for the public convenience
no one would think of granting this charter. But
the Senate having shown some preference for re-
taining this section, I wish by my amendment to
put a limitation on it. If by this bill is meant all
the omnibuses, horses, real estate, and everything
that he may have at the time they pay him, lie
maygetall the old omnibuses in the city of Wash-
ington collected together; there is no telling what
amount of old horses and of old omnibuses he
may collect together for the purpose of making
this'company pay for them. I say, therefore, that
before any such motive as that could operate on
him, we ought to fix a period when ha bad those
that were really necessary, and no more, for the
public uses in which he employed them; and
therefore the words ought to be inserted " on the
16th of December last." It was on that day that
some impcrfect arrangement was made between
him and this company as to the compensation
which he was to receive, and it was in reference
to the stock which he then owned. The general
terms of this bill will put it in his power. I do not
know that he would do it at all; I hope he would
not—but it puts it in his power, and subjects these
corporators to that imposition, if he chooses to
practice it on them. I move, therefore, that after
the words "used by him" there be inserted the
words "on the 16th of December last."
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to know of my friend
from Kentucky, on what principle this eleventh
section stands ? If we arc making the railroad for
the benefit of the people, either of Washington or
from abroad, we certainly have no excuse for
charging a higher rate of fare, or imposing a bur-
den upon the corporators that compels them to
charge a higher rate of fare, in order to make good
the loss of this individual. The same thing hap-
pens every time a railroad is constructed. It
throws a stage line out of existence. There are
street railroads in Baltimore, in Philadelphia, in
Cincinnati, and I do not know how many other
cities, but I never heard of a case in which you
compensated a man whose business was simply
superseded by a superior kind of business. Now,
I have heard the argument repeated here, or rather
the statement, halt a dozen times.
Mr. KENNEDY. If my friend will allow me,
I tlnnk I can correct him at this point. In regard
to the railioads built in the city of Baltimore, they
did compensate the-omnibus line.
Mr. PUGH. That was under the Brock grant.
Mr. KENNEDY. Under the grant that is there
now.
Mr. PUGH. That grant has not been ratified
by the Legislature of Maryland.
Mr. KENNEDY. It was not rejected on that
ground.
Mr. PUGH. At all events, there is no prin-
ciple on which it can stand, particularly when the
Senate has made this gentleman one of the cor-
porators, by an amendment, and that too, as it
seems, without the consent of the other corpora-
tors, according to the paper laid on our tables this
morning. I was about to remark, when my friend
from Maryland interrupted me—I have heard it
stated in the Senate, I sheuld think adozen times,
last session and this—that Mr. Vanderwerken has
done a great service by establishing and running
a line of omnibuse.* hero. Is there any Senator
who believes that ho rail the line of omnibuses one
hour except to make money, or that he would
have run them one hour after they ceased to be
profitable? Certainly not. He mightjust as well
nave been called upon, when he established that
line of omnibuses, to compensate the hackmen
whom he threw out of employment; and so might
this corporation, if it be created by this bill, be
compelled to compensate every owner of a hack,
or of a pair of horses, in the city of Washington;
and the v$ry same difficulty which was in the bill
of the last session occursin this section.
I did not intend originally to say anything more
about this railroad. 1 give up that there will be a
railroad in Pennsylvania avenue. I am over-
ruled, defeated. 1 shall have to acquiesce. I was
in hopes that the street through the city of Wash-
ington connecting the President's house and the
Capitol—in a city which was not intended to be
a commercial city; in a city which was established
and laid out expressly for being the seat of Gov-
ernment of the United States—1 did hope there
was one street, or avenue, leading from the high-
est executive department to the highest legisla-
tive department of this Government and of the
Union, into which speculators could not go; but
the pressure seems too great to resist; we must
have a railroad; and I then wanted to put it on
fair, squatter sovereignty doctrine. I wanted the,
corporation of Washington to regulate their own
affairs. That has been defeated; I give that up.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine, to make it an ordinary coi-poration, has
been rejected. I see, therefore, that this bill is
bound to pass; but I ask the supporters of the
bill, is the eleventh section the price of buying off
competition ? Is it put in there to buy off compe-
tition ? Is it a price paid for some influence that
conduces to the passage of the bill ? If not, on
what principle does it stand ? Certainly on no
ground of public utility; certainly on no sound
principle; for it takes money out of the pockets
of the gentlemen named in the first section of the
bill—Mr. Wallach, Mr. Riggs, and their associ-
ates. By what right docs Congress compel them
to buy out the property of anothcrman? Ifitis
intended that the charge to be paid for transporta-
tion is to be put at five cents rather than three
cents, in order thereby to levy a fund off the pub-
lic to compensate this gentleman for his horses
and omnibuses, let them state it. Therefore, so
far as I am concerned, while I do not know this
gentleman, Mr.Vanderwerken,and certainly have
no ill will to him, I cannot vote for the bill while
that scction stays in it. If that section shall be
stricken out, I shall yield, as I am overwhelmed
on every other proposition. I move to strike out
the eleventh section.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That was moved last Sat-
urday, and voted down.
Mr. PUGH. Then I shall renew the motion
when the bill comes into the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Thegentlemaii'sobser-
vationdaesnotaffecttheamendmentloffer. That
goes to the end he wishes to attain, to some extent.
Mr. BROWN. I am not going to discuss this
question, because I am exceedingly anxious to
have the bill disposed of. The District has other
matters behind quite as important to the people
here. But the Senator from Ohio makes a com-
parison between omnibuses and hackney coaches,
and says that if we buy out the omnibus line we
must necessarily buy out the hackney coaches.
Not at all. An omnibus driver starts at stated
periods for the public convenience. He starts
without a passenger; he gofs straight along; he
does not wait to be remunerated for starting, but
he goes any way. Ho goes through the whole
line. Ho may drive from the gate of the Capitol
to Georgetown without getting a passenger, pos-
sibly, and 1 dare say has done it sometimes in
summer. An omnibus goes regularly at stated
periods. It goes like a railroad tram; it goes
when the time comes. A hackney coachman does
not do that. He waits until he is paid to go; he
is no public convenience; he is a convenience to
himself. Therefore, he does not stand upon the
same footing with an omnibus proprietor. I re-
peat, again, what I said last Saturday, and I beg
Senators to recollect it, that this old fellow, Van-
derwerken, who, I consider, is as honest a man
as God ever breathed the breath of life into, came
here and established a line of omnibuses, and
crushed out the monstrous abuses which hackney
coachmen practiced on everybody. Now, you pro-
pose to break up Ins business and establish a rail-
road. I want to see the old man protected; and
therefore, as to the eleventh section, I am not
going to strike it out.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The question now is
not on striking out, I understand, but simply on
inserting the words proposed by me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. I move, in the fourth line of
the third section, to strike out the 'words
" grooved pattern," and insert " most approved
pattern, to be determined by the Secretary of the
Interior." I do this, because I know that in
some city railways which hare been established,
in Philadelphia, at all events, great complaints
have been made of the rail of the grooved pattern.
Ordinary carriages, running on those tracks, are
obliged oftentimes to go out of the way of the car
which is coming, and the grooved pattern rails
offer such resistance to the change in the line of
direction of the wheels of the carriage, that it has
often happened that the axles have been wrenched
off, and the carriage has been broken down in the
street. I understand there is a different pattern
that is at present the most approved one. The rail
is flat, lying even with the surface of the street, and
then there is a very gentle curve, quite sufficient,
however, for all the purposes of the railway car-
riage used on such roads. They require a very
small flange; scarcely any at all. It is a very dif-
ferent thing from railway cars drawn by locomo-
tives, laden with heavy freight, and thundering
along with immense velocity. They require
heavy grooves in order that the flanges may be
kept in position, and the cars and locomotive be
prevented from running off the track. That is
not the case with these railway cars, which are
drawn by horse power, and they ought to be so
provided as to furnish the very least resistance to
the wheels of ordinary carriages.
Mr. BROWN. I tlnnk so. I am not going to
resist it.
Mr. PEAHCE. I offer the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have another amendment. I
move, in the same section, to strike out the words
in the sixth and seventh lines, "not to be less than
four feet, nor more than six feet," which relate to
the gauge. I do not know so much about this
myself, but I have been informed by those who
are good engineers that there should be a a pro-
vision that the width of the railway should be that
of the tracks of ordinary carriage's; and it is very
necessary in the cities, I am told, where the streets
are narrow, and it may even be neccssary here,
that the track of the railway carriage should be
that of the ordinary wheel carriage employed. I
propose, therefore, to strike out these words and
insert: " be of the width of the tracks of carriages
generally employed in Washington."
Mr. BROWN. That seems to be a little indef-
inite. Arc all the carriages employed in Wash-
ington of the same width ?
Mr. PEARCE. Pretty generally.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that I shall ob-
ject to it. I am sure this company do not mean
to resist making the track the width of the ordi-
nary gauge of carriages; but 1 understand some
of them are narrower and some are wider. This
phraseology may do, but it seems to me it may
lead to some confusion.
Mr. PEARCE. I think not; and I am told by
high engineering authority that it is a proper
amendment. I know carriages have generally the
same width of .track in any given place.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that I shall
object to it. Let it go.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think this amend-
ment ought to be adopted. It seems to me there
are two good reasons against it. One is, it is in-
definite. 1 suppose all buggy-wagons and chaises
are of the same width in one place, but not always
precisely; but if you assume that they are all pre-
cisely of the same width, and that the wheels of
one carriage follow precisely the wheels of an-
other, what then? You make your grooves just
the width of those carriages, winch arc all of the
same width, and they get into the grooves, and it
is much more difficult to get out of them, and
would be much more difficult to cross them than
if the wheels were a little wider or a little nar-
rower than the track ef your road. When you
have both your wheels in a groove, you have no
room to get out. If you have one wheel in a
groove and another out, you have a little angle to
make with the wheel that is out, to get out of the
other groove; but it is evident to my judgment
that grooves just the width of the wheel would be
the worst grooves.
Mr. BROWN. I understand the object of my
friend from Maryland is, that the rail on which
the cars run should be the ordidary width of a
carriage, and that the wheel is not to run in the
groove, but on the top of the rail. The object is
to run the wheel, as I understand, on the top of
the mil. That, I think, is all very well, but I
doubt very much whether the Senator's amend-
ment meets the object he has in view.
The amendment was rejected.
