574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
our desks an address, delivered in the capital of
the State he so ably and faithfully represents;and
in this address I find this declaration:
" The election of Mr. Seward, or any other man of his
party, is not, per se, justifiable grounds for dissolving the
tfoion. But the act of putting the Government in the hands
of men who mean to use it for our subjugation, ought to
be resisted, even to the disruption of every tie that binds us
to the Union." *
On the 6th of July, the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] whose ability and largo and
varied information are acknowledged by the Sen-
ate and the country, delivered an elaborate ad-
dress to the people of his State. By common
consent, the country recognizes the Senator from
Mississippi as one of the foremost leaders of his
section and of his party, and his opinions com-
mand attention ana consideration. In this ad-
dress, the honorable Senator says:
"For myself, I say, as I said on a former occasion, in
the contingency of the election of a President on the plat-
form of Mr. Seward's Rochester speed), let the Union be
dissolved. Let the 'great, but not the greatest, of evils'
come."
On the 11th of November, 1858, after his return
from a visit of several months to Now England,
the Senator addressed the people of his State at
Jackson. In this address the Senator is reported
to have said, "if the Republicans should elect a
President, the question would be presented what
should the South do? For his part, he had but
one answer to give. "When that happened, when
the Government was in hostile hands, when the
Prosidoncyand the Houses of legislation were eon
trolled by the enemies of the South, he was fo)
asserting the independence of Mississippi; he war, for
immediate icithdrawal from the Union." And m
view of the aspect of public affairs, the honora-
ble Senator "advised the people of the South to
turn their old muskets into Minnie rilles, prepare
powder, shot, shell, ammunition of all kinds, and
fortifications, so as to be ready against any emer-
gency."
The Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] early
addressed* the Senate upon the resolution intro-
duced by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason;]
and in this speech, prepared with the elaborate
care that Senator isuccustomed lo bestow upon the
subjects he discusses here, the Senator assumes,
in effect, the position thai it is impossible for the
people of the South to live under a Government
administered by the Republican party. lie asks:
6t Do you Mippo^e that we intend to how out necks to the
yoke; that w< intend to submit to tin; domination of our
enemies; that we intend to sii here m your pK^cncc a«i
hostages lor the good beliavioi ol our conquered people—
a people who will be undct jouradmmi>tiation, not as s-ov-
erei^n<i lo rule, but a-, subjects to be governed F'1
In response, the Senator says:
t:I make no ptedletion-i, no promise lor tnv Stnte, but,
In conclusion, will only say, that if she i-?faithful to the
pledges she ha-, made and principle, she ha- piule-^ed; it
she is true to hei own mteic-t and lieioun houoi , i( -.he
i-i not i cere ant to all that Ht.id' pnde, jntririm , .tin! dufv
demand, *^e will never .-ulmiit to youi authonty I will
add, that utiles she, anrl ail ihe .southern States of the-!
Union* with, perhaps, but two. oral mo-t, three exceptions,
are not taiftihi-5-: to the pledge i the> have j:i\cn, thty will
never submit to the zorernmcnt of a President professing your
political faith and elected by if.iur sectional mnjO) ifi/.'"
When tiie Senator from Alabama took his seat,
the Senator from California [Mr. Gwix] rose, and
declared that he considered " it as the inevitable
result, that the South should prepare for resist-
ance in the event of the election of a Republican
President." The Senator went on to aigue that
the South must, could, and would, dissolve the
Union, if the Republican party succeed in the
coming election. That Senator went on to show
how the South could carry out the scheme of dis-
union; how she could seize the public property
within her limits; that, by doing so, before the
Government passed into the control of such an
Administration, it could put it outof the poweroi*
the Administration to administer the Government
in that portion of the country. And he declared
that "it is impossible for a Republican President to
administer this Government over the shareholding
States of the Confederacy," and that " the clec-
fion of a Republican President is the inevitable
destruction of this Confederacy."
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Clivg-
iuan] assures us that in the South 51 there arc hun-
dreds of disunionists now where there was one
ten years ago;" that in some of the Statesmen who
"would willingly to-day see the Union dissolved"
are in the majority, and in other States a large
class of men are "neady to unite with them upon
the happening ofa cause." And lie sdys:
"In my judgment, the election of the presidential candi-
date of the Hlack Republican party will furnish that cau^e."
To the suggestion that they " ought to wait for
some overt act," the Senator says:
{e No other 'overt act'can so imperatively demand resist-
ance on our part as the simple election of their candidate.
Their organization is one of avowed hostility, and they
come against us as enemies
Referring to the distinguished Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] he declares that—
".The objections aienot personal merely to this Senatoi,
but apply equally to any member of the party elected by it.
It has, in fact, been suggested that, as a matter of prudence,
foi the fitv-t election tlicv should choose a southern Fiee-
Soiler. Would tiie colonics have submitted more willingly
to Benedict Arnold than to Lord Cornvvallis ?"
But the Senator seems to be in favor of the se-
cession of the States, but not of the secession of
members of Congress. He says:
" I may say, however, that 1 do not thmk there will be
any scoe^ton of the southern member? of Congress from
tlii.r} Capitol. It has always s-fiuok me that thi< is n point
not to be voluntarily burtendered to the public enemy."
The Senator from North Carolina evidently in-
dulges in the pleasing illusion that "the public
enemy, "as he is pleased to characterize his fellow-
countrymen, will abandon the Capitol, if "the
southern members of Congress" remain in the
Capitol. " If lives should be losthere,"exclaims
the Senator, "it would seem poetically just that
this should occur'" If, after this declaration of
seeming valor, the Republicans, m the event of
their success in November, do not flee from the
Capiiol with as much haste as did the "chivalry"
of this region in the late war with England, I am
quite sure the Senator from North Carolina, who
is " stiuek" with the original idea " that this is a
point not to be voluntarily surrendered to the
public, enemy," will be disappointed in his ex-
pectations. But the Senator goes on to express
his emotions of contempt for men of the non-
resistant school. u I cannot find," says the Sen-
ator, "words enough to express my abhorrence
and detestation of such creatures as Garrison and
Wendell Phillips, who stimulate others to deeds
of blood, and, at the same time, are so cowardly
that they avoid all danger themselves." This
expression of "abhorrence and detestation" for
.such non-combatants, such "cowaidl)- creatures,"
is, I suppose, intended to admonish us on this
side of the Chamber that the Senator is terribly
in earnest when he makes proclamation of his
wishes m these words:
u from this Capitol so much has !*one foith to inflame
the public mind, if our countrymen are to be invoiced in a
bloody shu-z«le, I {rust m God tiiut the first Jruits of the col-
lision may be reaped here
This language, Mr. President, admits of but one
interpretation. Gentlemen from tin1 South, who
are m favor ofa dissolution of the Union, do not
intend, m so doing, to secede from this Capitol,
nor surrender it to those who may remain wt'hm
the Union. Having declared that, if lives are to
be sacrificed, it will be poetically just that they
should bo sacrificed here on this floor; raid that,
as so much has gone forth from this Cap.toi to
inflame tin1 public mind, it is but proper that the
first fruits of the struggle should be reaped here,
the Senator gives us, therefore, distinctly to un-
derstand that there maybe a physical collision—
"a bloody struggle;" that the scene of this con-
flict is to be m tiie legislative halls of this Capitol.
To simply say, in reply to this threat, that north-
ern Senators cannot thus be intimidated,i s too
tame and common-place to meet the eXJg nicy.
Therefore, 1 take ltupon myself to inform the Sen-
ator from North Carolina that the people of the
fi ee States ha\ e sent their representatives here not
to fight, but to legislate: not to mingle in personal
combats, but to deliberate for the good of the
whole country; not to shed the blood of their
fellow-members, but to maintain the supremacy
of the Constitution and uphold the Union—and
this they will endeavor to do here, in the legisla-
tive halls of the Capitol, at all events andatevery
hazard. In the performance of their duties they
will not invade the rights of others, nor permit
any infringement of their own. They wll invite
no collision, they will commence no attack; but
they will discharge all their obligations to their
constituents, and maintain the Government and
institutions of their country in the face of all con-
ceivable consequences. Whoever thinks otherwise
has not studied either the history of the people of
the free States, or the character of the men dwelling
in that section of the Union, or the philosophy of
the exigency which the Senator from North Caro-
lina seems to invoke. The freemen of the North
have not been accustomed to vaunt their courage in
words; they have preferred to i llustrate it by deeds.
They are not fighting men by profession, nor ac-
customed to street broils, norcon tests on the "field
of honor," falsely so called, nor are they habitual
wearers of deadly weapons. Therefore it is that
when driven into bloody collisions, and especially
on sudden emergencies, it is as true in fact as it
is sound in philosophy, that they are more des-
perate and determined, and more reckless of con-
scqucnces to themselves and to tlieir antagonists,
than are those who arc more accustomed to con-
template such collisions. The tightest band when
once broken recoils with the wildest power. So
much for the people of the free-States. As to their
representatives in this Capitol I will say, that if,
while in the discharge of their duties here they
are assaulted with deadly intent, I give the Sena-
tor from North Carolina due notice, here, to-day,
that those assaults will be repelled and retaliated
by sons who will not dishonor fathers that fought
at Bunker Hill and conquered at Saratoga, that
trampled the soil of Chippewa and Lundy's
Lane to a bloody mire, and vindicated sailors'
rights and national honor on the high seas in the
second war of independence. Reluctant to enter
into such a contest, yet once in, they will be quite
as reluctant to leave it. Though they may not be
the first to go into the struggle, they will be the
last to abandon it m dishonor. Though they will
not provoke nor commence the conflict, they will
do their best to conquer when the strife begins.
So much their constituents will demand of them
when the "bloody struggle" the Senator con-
templates is forced upon them; and they will not
be disappointed when the exigency comes. I say
no more; I await the issue, and bide my time.
Mr. President, during the protracted and excitcd
contest m the otherend of the Capitol, the leaders
of the Democracy have avowed the rankest dis-
union sentiments; and these avowals of disloy
alty to the Union have been often rapturously
applauded on the Democratic hide of the Cham-
ber, and in the galleries, crowded, as they have
often been, by Government officials, or Govern-
ment contractors or dependents. Sir, if the Union-
loving, liberty-loving, patriotic men of the coun-
try, could have heard these menaces of disunion;
could have witnessed the applauding throngs in
the galleries, and the applauding Democracy on
the floor; and could have witnessed the Demo-
cratic smiles, the Democratic nods, and the Dem-
ocratic congratulations, they would visit upon the
actors in this farce, and upon their compeers heio
and at home, the stern rebuke and withering scorn
of an indignant people.
Early in the session, Mr. Nf.lso\t, of Tennes-
see, a distinguished member of the southern Op-
position, rebuked the disunion sentiments which
had been so piofusely scatters d through the de-
bates by the secessionists; and he avowed his devo-
tion to the Union in tones of thrilling eloquence.
ITis patnoticaud national sentiments received the
enthusiastic applause of the southern Opposition
and the Republicans. The patriotic sentiments of
the eloquent Tennesseean, reminding us of the
days, before the advent into these Halls of the
secession disciples of Calhoun, when the followers
of Clay, ay, and of Jackson, too, had made the
Chambers echo with sentiments of devotion to the
Union, seemed to grate harshly upon Democratic
ears. Mr. Pryor, of Virginia, who, in 1856, as
one of the editors of the Richmond Enquirer,
echoed the disunion sentiments of Governor Wise,
rose and propounded to Mr. Nelson* this ques-
tion :
Would vou ha willing William H. Seward rhonld
take po^es-'ion of the Atmy, the Navy, and ah the poweid
of the Government—I mean all the constitutional powei*
of the President of the United States? Would hv allow
Williui II. Sewuid to take posxesmon of tno<e powen,
or would lie resist it even to the extent of going out of the
Union
Sir, this question clearly implied that Mr. Pryor
would resist, even to the extent of going out of the
Union, tiie inauguration of William H. Seward.
But that was early in the session. Governor
Wise, who, if Faulkner is to be relied upon,
" sees far m ad vance of his cotemporaries," had
not then avowed his resolution to fight in the
Union and to stay in the Union. The Enquirer,
