2588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
railroad—that it would bring the Atlantic and
Pacific States into closer communion; and I have
always been ready, if a proper scheme of over-
land mails should be presented to my mind, to
vote to pay the whole expense out of the Treasury
of the united States; not as a subject of postal
regulation, but with a view to the general inter-
ests of the Grovei-nment and of the Union. We
voted for many years, and we paid, subsidies to
the Collins line, to the Sloo line by way of Pan-
ama, to the Panama railroad, to the Harris line
from the terminus of the Panama route to the city
of San Francisco. No man expected the postages
to pay for them; but we did it upon high political
considerations; and so, a year ago, when this
question was before the Senate, Jt was put dis-
tinctly on the ground that it was the policy ot
the Senate and the policy of the Government to
bring the Island of Cuba and the United States
into close communication. There was a propo-
sition to pay $30,000,000 in cash, to bring about
a union between Cuba and the United States, and
afurthersum,perhaps,of$100,000,000. I thought
then, as did a large majority of the Senate, tnat
the way to hold the island under our control was,
for high political reasons, to continue this close
postal and commercial communication between
us and her, and it could only be made through
Charleston and Savannah and Key West; and
on that occasion, as now, I advocated it as a
measure of political importance; and if money
be necessary to be voted out of the Treasury, I
will vote to make good any deficit, which may
arise in the Post Office revenues by reason of that
contract.
The assertion ofthe Postmaster General is, that
he has given us that important communication by
other means; and the object of my argument is to
show that he has utterly failed; that even the mar-
shal of the southern district of Florida, when he
desires instructions, in an urgent case, from the
Department of the Interior, prays the Secretary
not to send him a letter or any communication by
the Fernandmaroute, but to send it to him by the
steamer Isabel, which receives these letters only
as ship letters; and that the Postmaster General
himself acknowledges that, though he discon-
tinued this route on the 1st of July last, from the
•1st of October, 1859, to the 1st of January, 1860,
upon his route by way of Femandina, he has not
furnished more than two hundred return letters;
yet by this ship, receiving them merely as ship
letters, there have been ten thousand and twenty-
three. That is the proportion between the sys-
tem nowadopted and the system which the Senate
intended to continue by its vote at the last session;
and the statement of my friend from South Caro-
lina only makes the ease more flagrant.
Therefore having, at the last session, voted in
common with a large majority of the Senate, four
or five to one, as the Globe will show, to continue
this service at a time when it had not expired; to
continue it for high political reasons, with a view
to make the most intimate connection possible be-
tween the nearest ports of the United States and
the Island of Cuba; between the ports of Charles-
ton, Savannah, and Key West, and the oity of
Havana, I am not satisfied—I say it in all kind-
ness—with the arrangements which the Post-
master General has made. They seem to me
utterly to have failed. They accommodate nobody,
unless it may be the local service m the State of
Florida; and thatlocal service has been enhanced,
and an additional amount paid for it, whilst the
local service in every other State, unless it be the
State of Oregon, has been decreased.
I am in favor of restoring this service to the
Isabel route. Hero is a faithful public servant,
that, in the long course of twelve years, has in-
curred no forfeiture; which has proceeded in obedi-
ence to the orders of Congress and to the policy
ofthe Government; which has never failed m any
case; which has been compelled to incur extraor-
dinary expenditures on account of the specific
orders which we have required; and even if we
might get the service done for §40,000—of which
I have not the least assurance, nor the assurance
that we can get it done for one cent less—I will
give a faithful public servant a renewal of the
contract for four years, during which time I hope
we shall bring the Island of Cuba into the Union
of the United States.
Mr. MALLORY and Mr. YULEE rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The Senator from Florida.
Mr. YULEE. 1 beg that my colleague will
yield to me a short time.
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot yield.
Mr. YULEE. I insist. I consider it personal.
I consider that there is a personal occasion for me
to answer the Senator from Ohio, and I beg that
my colleague will permit me to do it instantly.
Mr. MALLORY. If I have the floor, sir, I
shall keep it.
Mr. YULEE. I claim it of my colleague.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida on the left is entitled to the floor.
Does he yield to his colleague?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. YULEE. But I am the Senator on the
left.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
colleague is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. I should yield to my col-
league with pleasure, as a sense of dutjr and pro-
priety, did I not deem it proper myself to make
the explanation which 1 know he isgoingto make.
I know that the Senate will not understand this
matter from the speeches that have been made
here. I see that there are very few attending to
them. I shall say only a few words. The inti-
mation is thrown out that the railroad in Florida
has been benefited; has obtained some money—
been benefited in a pecuniary point of view, by
withholding the mail from the Isabel. That is
not the fact; and as I stand here representing a
portion of the State of Florida, I feel it due to my
colleague to say, that I cannot see for the soul of
me, having given this matter an investigation, that
the Florida railroad is benefited to the extent of
one red cent by giving to or withholding the mails
from the steamship Isabel. My colleague has
stated the thing very clearly, to my mind. But
we have a mail route, with steam service on it,
from New Orleans, along the west coast of Florida,
to Key West, and that has been mixed up in de-
bate, so that it may not appear so clearly as I wish
to state it, that, whether the steamer Isabel is put
on this route or not, or any other ship is put on
it, that railroad and that service going through the
State of Florida would not be benefited at ail, and
the Postmaster General is no way to blame. I say
that in justice to my colleague. I now, sir, will
yield the floor to him.
Mr. YULEE. 1 think, Mr. President 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator yield to me
one minute?
Mr. YULEE. If it is not to belong.
Mr. POWELL. Not a minute.
Mr. YULEE. Very well.
Mr. POWELL. My friend from Ohio, in the
remarks he has just made, has censured the Post-
master General for not continuing this service of
the steamer Isabel. I ask the Secretary to read
a portion of the Postmaster General's report that
I send to the desk on that subject.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" Isabel service.—For the last five years, the mails be-
tween Havana and Charleston and Savannah have been
conveyed m a steamship—the Isabel—performing semi-
monthly trips, at an annual compensation of $60,000, au~
thonzed by Congress, but payable out of the revenues of
the Depat iment. The postages received from these mails,
during the pa-t ye.tr, amounted to but §10,057 66. The
eontiaet, involving thus a loss of nearly fifty thousand dol-
lars per annum, was, in its operation, of a most oppressive
character ; and upon Us expiration, on the 30th ot June, its
icnowal was declined. Fortunately for the public inter-
ests, the approaching completion of the Flotida railroad
enabled the Department to send these mails across the pen-
insula from Femandina to Cedar Keys, where they con-
nect with the Ciulf mail steamers from New Orleans, and
proceed directly on, via Key West, to Havana. The ser-
vice out and returning is now regularly performed, and
costs the Department only the inland and sea postages.
This results trom the fact that ihe route from Charleston
and Savannah, via Femandina and Cedar Keys, to Key
West, being already in operation for the local mails, the
outlay for the service is in nothing increased by the addi-
tion of those for and from Havana. The substitution, there-
fore, of this route tor that of the Isabel, is a having to the
Department of $49,942 34 per annum."
Mr. POWELL. The facts set forth in the ex-
tract just read are a full and complete vindication
of the Postmaster General for his action in regard
to the steamer Isabel. I have nothing more to
say.
Mr. PUGH. I spoke ofthe report ofthf last
Postmaster General.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I think it highly-
unfortunate for the Senator from Ohio himself,
as well as for the Senate, that any circumstances
have kept him from his seat in the Senate. If he
had been here when this bill was last under dis-
cussion, and given it attention, he would have
found a full explanation of all the points upon
which he has attempted to base what seems to me
to have been a purposed attack upon the Depart-
mentand upon myself. Mr. President, if the Sen-
ator intended, by what he has said here, to imply
that, from any unworthy purpose, or that, with
a preference for any other route, the mails for Key
West and Havana were diverted from the route
between Charleston and Key West to that on
which they were sent 
Mr. PUGH. From what does the Senator in-
fer that ?
Mr. YULEE. From your remarks, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly there is nothing in my
remarks from which the Senator has the least
right to infer it. I say that to him in frankness.
I made no reference to him, and I certainly made
none personally to the Postmaster General. I
have been a long acquaintance of his, and have
great regard for him. As for the Senator him-
self, I made no reference to him •, and unless he
is determined to give the controversy that 1|frn,
I now advise him he has no right to do it.
Mr. YULEE. Then I am surely at a loss to
understand what was the point of the Senator's
plea here.
Mr. PUGH. I said the arrangement substi-
tuted had failed. That is what I said.
Mr. YULEE. I understand the Senator to
come here and state that the Postmaster General
had improperly refused  [Mr. Davis here
made a suggestion to the honorable Senator.] I
understand, so far as I am personally concerned,
there is no imputation.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Missis-
sippi will leave my friend from Florida and my-
self to deal frankly with each other.
Mr. YULEE. Certainly; I am satisfied, so far
as the matter may be personal to myself. Now,
I want to come to the point of the Senator. I
understood him to say that the Postmaster Gen-
eral had, contrary to the advice of his predecessor,
and contrary to the public interest, refused to
put into* operation the service between Charles-
ton and Key West by the direct route by sea—the
Isabel being the applicant for it—and had, instead
of that, put in operation as a substitute for that
other service through Florida, which was of local
benefit to Florida, but which did not subserve the
purpose, which enhanced the cost to the Govern-
ment, and which implied a preference for that
route. That is what I understood from the Sen-
ator.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator in one or two
qualifications of that, misunderstood me; and I
desire to put him right before he proceeds another
step. I stated that the last Postmaster General
recommended the restoration of the Isabel ser-
vice; that there was a decisive vote taken upon it
in the Senate, which the Globe will confirm; but
that the present Postmaster General, having a
different opinion, had undertaken to send these
mails over the Florida railroad line. However
advantageous that might be to Florida, which
was the only State whose service was increased,
I said it had not answered the original design. I
made no reference whatever to the Senator; I do
not think I mentioned him, unless when he inter-
rupted me; and I will not permit the Senator to
bring me into any personal altercation with the
Postmaster General, because, personally, I have
too high a regard for him. I think there may be
a difference of opinion or judgment without bring-
ing anything further into question.
Mr. YULEE. I had reason to suppose that
that was the purpose of the Senator, (from which
I am gladly relieved,) because the papers from
which he was quoting were circulating impres-
sions based altogether on the same statement of
facts which he presented here, that there had
been, in some way or other, some preference given
to one route over another from other considera-
tions than the public interest.
Mr. PUGH. I presume the Senator did not
derive that from anything I said.
Mr. YULEE. No; but I supposed that the Sen-
ator, using the same source of information, meant
the same thing; but that is at an end; and I wish
now simply to correct the facts of the statement.
