1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1-595
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move alittle amendment
at the end of" the eighth section. That section
provides that the Government may at any time
alter the grades of the streets, but it docs not pro-
vide that the railroad company shall be compelled
to alter the level of their road in case of such
change. I move, at the end of the eighth section,
to insert:
And in such event it shall be the duty of the said com-
pany to change the level of the paid railroad so as to con-
torm to such altered grades.
Mr, BROWN. I think there can be no objec-
tion to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall theamend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole be
voted on aggregately or separately?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There was one amendment
adopted, which, I understand by a paper left on
our table this morning, is in violation of the con-
tract made between the parties. I supported the
eleventh section last Saturday, on the ground that
there was an equity in the claim of Mr. Vander-
werken, under the contract made with these par-
ties, to be indemnified for breaking up his line for
purposes of public convenience, and that it was a
fair charge on the company. In addition to that
indemnity, the honorable Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] moved to make him one of the
grantees of the franchise, which, I understood, by
common consent was agreed to; but the other
parties now say that was not in their agreement,
and that after having got the eleventh section
passed for an indemnity, he has obtained an ad-
dition of his name to those who get the privilege,
which gives him a double indemnity in some
sense. They say that originally their agreement
with him was to buy out from him, without loss
to him, whatever might be necessary forthe pur-
poses of their road; but the eleventh section was
so altered as to make them buy out everything
from him, even the old omnibuses, which they
will not require; but having conceded that, in
order that the equities in his favor might not ob-
struct the passage of this bill, he is added to those
to whom the franchise is granted. I do not think
that is fair, if it was not understood by them.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senator will allow
me, the Senator from Ohio proposes to take a
separate vote on the section buying him out.
Mr. PUGH. I want a separate vote on making
him a corporator. Then, if he is made a corpo-
rator, I shall move to strike out the eleventh sec-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is exactly what I
want. If the Senator from Maine will withdraw
the amendment making him a corporator, I am
Willing that the eleventh section shall stand; but
not otherwise.
Mr. BROWN. I think I understand this mat-
tor. Mr. Vanderwerken is made a corporator.
He then pays himself, necessarily, a pro rata of
whatever is paid for the purchase of his stock.
He is one of ten, and he pays one tenth for the
purchase of his own stock. Now, in buying him
out, he is placed in this condition: he is left here
with a large amount of stock, coaches and horses,
on hand, and he is not allowed to sell absolutely
to tins company; but he names an appraiser and
they name one, and the two arc to take a third
one, and they agree upon the price. What hard-
ship is there in making him one of the corpora-
tors? What hardship is there in requiring the
company to pay him for his stock? To him it
would be a very great hardship to break him up
in his business without paying him anything, and
to throw his sixty or seventy thousand dollars—
certainly not less than sixty thousand, and per-
haps seventy-five thousand — of stock upon his
own hands, with his business bioken up. Why
shall not this company take him as one of the
corporation, and why shall they not pay him for
his stock? They will only have to pay a pro rata
ghjrc,and he pays his pro rata portion to himself.
I see no hardship in it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the nature of the objection
that is made to Mr. Vanderwerken being one of
the corporators, as I alluded to it before, it is that
it is giving him a bonus; that is to say, these nine
gentlemen—if there ai e nine—consider this matter
which they arc getting; such a speculation, so in-
finitely profitable, and so much money to be put
in their pockets* that they are not willing to admit
Mr. Vanderwerken or anybody else as an asso-
ciate. He must be kept out. That is just what
I was pointing to before; they say that this thing
is a speculation; it is understood that a great deal
of money is to be made, and the Senate of the
United States are insisting that this speculation
be put into the hands of eight or nine men, and
that nobody else shall have any interest in it,
although there are hundreds of citizens here, who
are the people who are to use the road, that stand
willing and ready and anxious to take a small
portion of this stock. If the principle is right that
Mr. Vanderwerken is to be paid the value of his
property, the principle is righ t, also, that he should
be paid something for giving up the profits he
would make by that property. He is selling his
property at merely its value; and he is, at the
same time, giving up his business; he is losing all
his profits. It would seem to be no more than
fair, if he is to be considered personally—he hav-
ing^ to give up his property at a valuation, and
giving up his profits, everything he makes—that
he should be permitted to come in and share with
these gentlemen, although he does put a little
money into his pocket thereby, instead of their
having it all. I do not know, I certainly cannot
conceive, any reason why they arc entitled to
any special benefit and favor, although it seems
to be considered that they are. 1 shall vote to
keep Mr. Vanderwerken in.
Mr. BROWN. I am very glad to hear the Sen-
ator say so. This company, to whom the com-
mittee have shown favors, so far as reporting a
bill for them is concerned, have made a publica-
tion, to me most extraordinary and to me most
offensive. Surely the committee never meant to
show any particular favor to one company over
another. The committee meant to protect the
public interests and to do what was right; and
when they undertook to take care of Vanderwer-
ken, it was impertinent in this company to come
in here with a publication, and dictate to us what
we ought to do. This publication from the com-
pany, in favor of which wo report, is most offens-
ive to us, and it ought to be to the Senate. It docs
not come through the committee. We are charged
by Senators with having favored this company;
and because we do not favor them to the extent
that they want, they lay offensive caids upon your
table. I denounce the card. They had no busi-
ness to put it here. Let the Senate legislate as it
chooses, without this outside dictation from every-
body and from every quarter. The card is offens-
ive. Iamforthiscompany,upon thegroundwhich
I stated this morning: that they arc gentlemen of
respectability, and will build the road; but if there
is a n y j o b i n i t, i f an y ge n tie me n are jobbing arou n d
the Senate, if the object is to put this man out and
to put that man in, as a mere matter of favor, I
wash my hands of it. I want to take care of old
Vanderwerken; and I do not believe that these gen-
tlemen named m the bill do consent to this publi-
cation; but if they do, so let the responsibility rest
upon them.
Mr. PUGH. As is well known tolhe Senate,
at the last session and this, I have opposed stren-
uously the giving of this grant to any body of in-
• dividuals by name. I believe I did vote to sub-
stitute the Metropolitan company for the other,
I last year; but I did it to defeat the bill, for I
! finally voted against the bill on its passage. The
' Senate has decided otherwise. It has decided to
give it to individuals by name. I acquiesce in that;
i cannot help it. The only point then is, that I
having been settled, we should not load these in- j
dividuals down by any species of favoritism on i
the part of others. The Senator from Maine asks j
why these nine gentlemen, or eight gentlemen,
named as corporators, should be preferred to
everybody m the city of Washington. I ask the
same question: why should they? But the Senate
has decided that. The Senate has voted down his
amendment, though I supported him in it.
But, sir, while there is "no reason that the name
of any other citizen of Washington should not be
! added as a corporator, theie is a reason why Gil-
| bert Vanderwerken should notbe. Heistheonly
man in the city of Washington against whom a
reason can be shown for keeping him out of the
bill; and what is that reason ? That you have
compelled the company to buy his property; not
what they want, but what they do not want; not
his horses, that are capable of drawing street cars;
those they- might buy at a valuation very well;
not such of his harness as will be suitable for the
purpose; thatthey would beglad tobuy; butyou
compel them to buy his omnibuses, for which they
have no use, and never can,have; and which they
must resell at a loss. You compel them to buy
out his old broken-down horses, which they can-
not use; you compel them to buy his oid rotten
harness, which they cannotuse. Then, after that,
you insist on making him one of the participators
in the profits of the enterprise; and x say it is a
bill for the benefit of that man. You require these
people, whom you have already said are sufficient
mcharacterandsufncienl in responsibility, to build
the road; and you refuse to allow them to build it,
either for the public advantage or private advant-
age, until you have loaded it down by a double
pension to one individual. The thing must be one
way or another. If Mr. Vanderwerken is wanted
to be a corporati^r, so be it. Then he may put in
in payment of his share of the corporate enter-
prise all the property that is useful for the enter-
prise; all his real estate; all his horses; all his
harness, if they are suitable for it. Let them take
it at a valuation, and credit him with so much on
his subscription to the stock* I do not object to
that; but if you keep him in as a corporator, strike
out the eleventh section, and I am satisfied; but,
like the Senator from Louisiana, I want the Senate
to decide now whether he is to be a corporator or
not. If he is not to be, then I am willing to let
the eleventh section stand.
I say that he is the only man, so far as I know,
in the city of Washington, who ought not to be a
corporator, simply because he already has a spe-
cial benefit in another section of the bill. There
is no reason, I grant, why any other citizen of
Washington ought not to be added as a corpora-
tor. He is already provided for. It seems to me
unkind; and lam perfectly satisfied thatthisdoub-
ling of his interest will cripple and destroy the
enterprise. I have no doubt there is some money
in the railroad; otherwise the people would notbe
anxious to build it. I have no doubt it is a val-
uable privilege, running through a period of thirty
years; but it is not a mint; it is not a placer; you
can \^ry soon exhaust it; it is not a gold mine;
and if you keep pensioning, not only Mr. Van-
derwerken, but his old horses and old omnibuses,
upon the concern, you very soon eat out the vitals,
and you will have no railroad, or a very indiffer-
ent one. These parties have made an arrange-
ment with him, and the committee approved the ar-
rangement; the Senate has sufficiently approved it.
These gentlemen have made an arrangement with
him. They offer to stand to their contract. They
offer to pay hinWor things they do not want, pro-
vided ho is not to be a corporator. Now it is asked
that they shall not merely buy him out, but then ^
shall divide with him. It seems to me—I do not
use the word job in any offensive sense—that the
whole object of the bill is to provide for one man.
If the Senate will return to the proposition of the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] to name
two or three commissioners to receive subscrip-
tions of stock, and strike out the eleventh section,
I would be better satisfied with the bill; but I say *
if you keep Mr. Wallach and Mr. Lenox and
those gentlemen, in the bill, donotload them down
with pensions for other people. I hope, there-
fore, the Senate will refuse to include this gentle-
man's name as a corporator, or else strike out
the eleventh scction; I do not care which. There-
fore, as this amendment has been separated at the
request of the Senator from Louisiana, I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BENJAMIN. J only wish to say one
word in reference to something that fell from the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessexden.] I did
not doubt that there was some profit to be made
out of this bill, as he says; and it did not require
his calling the special attention of the Senate to
my remaiks, because I undei stood perfectly well
that these parties would make some money, and
I have no objection to their making money. My
object has been, as the Senator from Kentucky
stated his to be, to secure a public convenience
in the shortest possible time, and by parties whom
I felt and knew to be responsible. 1 therefore de-
sired that this privilege should be-given to these
corporators, and if the profits that could be made
out of it amounted to anything worth while for
eight or nine of them, I would be very glad of it.
1 do not envy them any profits they may make
