1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2539
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall have a vote. I
believe we have all the light we can have on the
subject.
jVlr. VULEE. You can have a vote verysoon.
I only wish to recapitulate and throw together
the facts as they have been understood here be-
fore, for the benefit of the Senator from Ohio.
Postmaster General Brown invited proposals for
service payable in postages, foreign and inland,
limited to two years, as the law required, and re-
ceived no bids. He was, therefore, unable to put
that service in operation. He then did the next
best thing, and without any additional cost to the
Government, or benefit to any other parties; but
putting an increased burden on them, did.the best
he could,under the circumstances, to get the mails
to Key West. That was the whole of the matter.
Now, in respect to what the Senator says of the
value of the respective services, as put in opera-
tion by the Postmaster General, and the other,
the whole amount of that matter was explained
the other day. No letters come from Havana by
the line of Harris & Morgan, because, after leav-
ing Havana, they lie five or six daysatKey West;
and the connections being incomplete all the way
through; even the mail to Key West is inade-
quately carried. It was, as the Postmaster Gen-
eral states, a route not fully opened. But that the
Senator may perceive that he is mistaken in sup-
posing there is more reliance really on one line
than the other, for information, I will mention that
although the Senator got information by the
Charleston line, the other day, of the arrival of
one slaver, the last arrival of a slaver at Key West
has been reported from Cedar Keys, in advance .
of every other source, and ahead of the Charleston
line. It came to us by telegraph from Cedar Keys,
leaving Key West after the departure of the lme
to Charleston, and arriving in Cedar Keys before
the arrival at Charleston. There is the whole
amount of it.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me all these mat-
ters have been very fully explained to the Senate.
We are very anxious, if we can, to terminate the
bill to-day. If we desire to adjourn by the 18th,
we must make more progress with the appropri-
ation bills than we are now doing. I do hope the
Senate will agree that the question may be taken
now.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance is pending, and the motion is
to strike out the entire amendment, and substitute
another one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
the Chair understands, is on the amendment of
the Senator from South Carolina to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance; which has
not yet been stated.
The Secretary. The amendment is, before
the word " steamships," to insert " ocean side-
wheel," and after the word " steamships," to in-
sert " of not less than one thousand tons burden,
and fitted in all respects as heretofore required of
the Isabel."
Mr. HAMMOND. Whose amendment is that ?
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that is the
amendment of the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. HAMMOND. Not at all. Idonotknow
whose it is.
Mr. MALLORY. Who offered it ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina, the Chair understands.
Mr. HAMMOND. That is a mistake.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from South Caro-
lina,as I understood him, offered the words of the
House bill, in regard to the Isabel, as a substitute
for the amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment just read pro-
poses an impossibility. There never were two
steamships fitted exactly alike.
Mr. HAMMOND. I have not offered that.
Mr. DAVIS. It ought to be rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from South Carolina offer an amendment ?
Mr. HAMMOND. I offered an amendment,
and sent it to the desk; but some mistake was
made. I believe, however, that the Secretary
understands it now, and I ask that it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment proposed by the Senator
from South Carolina.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is to
strike out all the amendment of the Committee
on Finance, and in lieu of it to insert:
Route 6042, by steamer Isabel, shall be restored at the
rate of S50,000 per year, from Charleston, via Savannah, to
Key West, till the 30th of June, 1863.
Mr. HAMMOND. That is my amendment.
Although I should like to say a few words on the
subject, the Senate seems to be impatient and de-
sirous to vote, and I will forbear. I shall net
even delay the Senate by calling for the yeas and
nays on my proposition.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina is to strike out the whole
amendment of the Committee on Finance, and
substitute one of his own. I wish to amend the
amendment of the Committee on Finance before
the vote is taken on the amendment of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a right to do so.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I send my amend-
ment to the desk.
Mr. HAMMOND. There seems to be a mis-
take among some gentlemen near me as to the
effect of my amendment. They seem to think it
jestores the whole House bill. I only want to
restore the Isabel. [" We undestand."] I must
take this occasion to say that if I had been in the
Senate I should have voted for the whole of the
House bill in reference to the restoration of the
mail routes 1 should like to take time to explain
it, but I forego that. It was an error in the Sen-
ator from Ohio to suppose that we were paired.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 understand that the amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina presents
the House proposition as a substitute for that of
the Committee on Finance. [" Yes."]
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Ham-
mond.
Mr. DAVIS. The pending amendment I un-
derstand to be now that of the Senator from South
Carolina, to restore so much of the House bill as
provides for the steamer Isabel. To that I am
decidedly opposed. I should be opposed to a
proposition to let out a mail route to be carried in
steamers of any particular class, most of all when
it is to be let out to a particular steamer by name.
If there is any virtue in the contract system, it
is by throwing it open to all competitors; and if
we have a right to fix the time, that is the only
thing we should do. I would not require the mail
to be carried on land in a post-coach, or in a
wagon. I would merely require the mail to be
carried in a certain time. Neither on sea would
I require it to be carried in a steam-vessel, norm
a side-wheel vessel, nor in a propeller, but only
in a certain time. If they could not carry it except
by steam-vessels within the time I propose, they
would be thus necessitated to use steam; but let
it be by propellers, or side-wheel steamers, as
they choose. But in order to throw open this
whole subject to the freest competition, we should
invite every manner of craft, and every manner
of transportation. If they choosc, on the back of
a dromedary to carry the five hundred pounds
spoken of to-day, let them resort to that method.
Our whole purpose is to secure the transportation
of the mail at the lowest rate to the Ireasury.
That we attain by throwing it open to the freest
competition. I shall therefore vote against this
amendment, and sustain the Committee on Fi-
nance in their proposition; and I shall do it upon
the basis that the Postmaster General has exhib-
ited extraordinary capacity and fidelity in the re-
duction of the service to the means of his Depart-
ment; and if this whole bill should fail, I would
be willing to risk that officer to-day on the accru-
ing revenues of the Department to maintain the
mail facilities of the United States.
Mr. HAMMOND. I have already given my
reasons several times to the Senate why I insist
upon having a vote on this motion, but I will say,
in answer to the Senator from Mississippi, that I
regard this open bidding as, in a great measure,
a perfect humbug. We have tried it again and
again. I would rely much more upon an efficient
officer. I would rather leave it to the discretion
of the present Postmaster General—it would show,
in the strongest possible manner, my confidence
in him—to make the entire bargain, than to leave it
open to the lowest bidder. I hardly ever knew
the lowest bidder to be a man who could carry
out contracts. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill
state the question as he understands it. The Com-
mittee on Finance have recommended an amend-
ment, which is pending. The Senator from Flor-
ida proposes to amend that amendment. It is m
order to take the question first on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Florida before the
amendment proposed by the Senator from South
Carolina is in order, for the amendment of the
Senator from South Carolina proposes to strife
out the whole clause, and insert a substitute for
it. The question now is on the amendment of
the Senator from Florida, which is to perfect the
section.
Mr. BRAGG. It has not yet been read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read it.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Mal-
Loiir, which is, before the word " steamships" to
insert "ocean," and after " steamships" to insert
" of not less than one thousand tons burden."
Mr. MALLORY. One word, in reply to the
Senator from Mississippi. Under ordinary cir-
cumstances, I would cheerfully concur in his views
of this amendment; but I have lived for twenty
years where this steamship runs, and I have been
more or less accustomed to travel in her since she
has been on the route. A steamship of a thou-
sand tons now is a small ship. There are more
over it on the ocean than under it. A steamer of
less size than that cannot perform the service. It
would be child's play to put one on of a smaller
size, and I will tell the Senate why. The con-
tractors take this boat off two months in the year
to repair her, and they put on a good steamship
of six hundred and fifty tons, the Catawba. That
ship is always behind her time, sometimes a day
and sometimes more, not because she is slow, but
because she is small.
On the other side of the Florida coast, we made
three attempts to establish the steam line before
we could get one t© take the contract; because they
all went to perform it in small ships, and all failed.
I do not care whether you send it to the Isabel, or
any other particular ship; I merely propose to
amend the Finance Committee's amendment, so
as to employ an ocean ship; for this is the rough-
est route in the United States. There is no other
route requiring as large a ship as this, and, in my
judgment, none but a side-wheel steamer can do
it; but I leave out any requirement that it shall be
a side-wheel steamship, and simply exact an ocean
steamship of not less than one thousand tons. The
original law of 1845, under which this contract was
made, went, further. It specified ocean ships; and
required them to be turned over to the Govern-
ment, on demand, to be paid for; and that they
should be suitable for war purposes, and suscep-
tible of carryingguns. ThatI look upon assome-
what a humbug; and I would not require it. I
trust, however, the Senate will agree to this amend- -
ment requiring simply an ocean ship, not a river
ship, and not less than a thousand tons, because
that is really a small ship at last. The Isabel is
larger than that.
The amendment of Mr. Mallory was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes 11, noes 25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Hammond] to the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes 8, noes 25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SLIDELL. As I understand it, this
amendment is identical with that offered by the
Committee on Finance originally to this bill, with
the exception that, while it is proposed to continue
the same compensation, the service is diminished.
The original amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance was to carry the mail from
Charleston, South Carolina, via Savannah, in
Georgia, and Key West, in Florida, to Havana,
in Cuba. I would ask the member of the Com-
mittee on Finance who has charge of this bill,
how the mail is to be transported from Key West
to Havana, and if any additional compensation
is contemplated to be given for that service, or
whether it will not necessarily be given in the
form of all the ocean and inland postages?
Mr. PEARCE. The committee restricted the
route to Key West in order that they might not,
by the adoption of the proposition as originally
submitted, violate the general principle whieh re-
quires that ocean service shall be paid for by
ocean postages. In order to obviate that, we have
provided only for the route as far as Key West.
We supposed that if the mail were carried there,
