576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
the bondman follows his master; but they arc ap-
pealing to the selfish fears of men to disown their
manhood, and by acts of humiliation appease the
awakened wrath of the Democratic chieftains now
menacing the integrity of the Union.
* Mr. President, the American Democracy, led
by slave perpetnatists and propagandists, seces-
sionists and disunionists, now m the light of this
age, stands before the nation the enemy of human
progress and in favor of the conservation and
propagation of old abuses. No longer does the
Democracy utter the accents of popular rights.
No longer does the Democracy sympathize with
man at home or abroad struggling for the recovery
of lost rights or the enlargement of existing priv-
ileges. Does the Legislature of Kansas pass an act
for the abolition of slavery there? Democracy re-
sists it, and arrests it by Executive action. Does
the Legislature of Nebraska, left" perfectly free to
form their own domestic institutions in their own
way," pass a bill to wipe from that vast Terri-
tory the pollution of slavery? Democracy resists
it, defeats it by the Executive veto, and applauds
that veto. Does the Legislature of New Mexico
enact a bloody slave code? Democracy prompts
it, praises it, applauds it. Does a sovereign Com-
monwealth lighten by humane legislation the bur-
dens of a proscribed race, so that it may rise into
the sunlight of a broader and higher manhood?
Democracy is outraged, shocked, and it avenges
itself by gibbering taunts, jibes, and jeers. Does
n slave State enact or propose to enact statutes to
still more oppress those already bending under
the iron heel of oppression, or to check the action
of its own citizens who may be prompted by sen-
timents of benevolence or a qpnsc of justice to
lessen the bitterness of bondage or give freedom
to their own bondmen? Democracy approves and
applauds it. Does Walker at the head of a law-
less band of filibusters decree slavery in Central
Amcrica? Democracy hails and applauds that de-
cree. Dees any indication point to the possible
abolition of slavery in Cuba? Democracy protests,
cannot permit it, will pay $$00,000,000 for that
slaveholdmg isle, but will not accept the "Gem
of the Antilles," if burdened with freedom. Does
England strike the fetters from the limbs of eight
hundred thousand West India bondmen? De-
mocracy deplores it, disapproves it, and persists
in misrepresenting the eilorts of that great act of
justice and humanity. Does the Emperor of Rus-
sia propose a plan for the emancipation of mil-
lions, not of the African race, but of white men?
Democracy shakes its head, shrugs its shoulders,
utters no note of joy, sends no word of encour-
agement or greeting to the enlightened monarch
who would enlarge the rights and elevate the con-
dition of men. Does the Republican party, imbued
with the sentiments of the republican fathers, pro-
pose to arrest the expansion of slavery over the
Territories of the Republic and save those Terri-
tories to free labor, check the reopening slave
traffic, and put the national Government in hai-
mony with a piogrossivc Christian civilization?
D« :mocracy, smitten with the consciousness of its
waning power, raises the startling cry of disunion.
To its abandonment of the sentiments, opinions,
and policy of the republican fathers; to its be-
trayal of the rights and interests of free labor and
the cause of human rights at home and abroad,
is now added disloyalty to the integrity of the
Union. Let the intelligent patriotism of the na-
tion rebuke this mad exhibition of folly and fanat-
icism which would shiver this Union into broken
fragments, and let it proclaim, in the words of
Andrew Jackson—"The Union must and shall
be preserved."
Mr. NICHOLSON. I move to postpone this
subject 
Mr. CLING-MAN. I ask the Senator from
Tennessee to allow me a word of reply, and then
he may make whatever motion he desires. The
Senator from Massachusetts concludes by speak-
ing of the Democratic party in the South as being
tainted with disunion; and he has given us a gen-
eral lecture on our bad morals and misconduct.
Now, there is one point to which I want to call
the attention of that Senator. T can state it in a
moment, and then we will compare our positions.
It is very well known that for the last seventeen
years, I believe, his State has been legislating to
nullify the fugitive slave Jaw. They have passed
set after act; and, as I now understand their laws,
if any officer of that S&te interferes in any way
to execute it, he is liable to fine and imprisonment;
and, if a lawyer, he shall be stricken from its rolls.
Now, Mr. President, no man can hold officc in
the State of Massachusetts, or any other State of
this Union, without taking an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States. He is obliged
to do that before he can .hold the office; and that
Constitution provides that fugitives shall be de-
livered up; and the laws passed to carry it out
have been decided by the Supreme Court of the
United States iinanimously, and by the State
courts of Massachusetts, and all the States except
Wisconsin, to be constitutional. The point I make
on that Senator is this: Before a man can get into
office in Massachusetts he has to swear to support
the Constitution of the United States; but if, in
carrying out that oath, he should yn any way aid
in the return of a fugitive, as one of its provisions
requires him to do, he is punished by the law of
that State by fine and imprisonment. In bther
words, the laws of that State require that all its
officers shall violate their oaths, and commit per-
jury against the United States, upon pain of igno-
minious punishment.
Now, sir, just look at all the history of the
world; look at every nation that has ever existed,
the most despotic monarchy or the most dissolute
republic, the most barbarous or even the most
savage State, and where will you ever find such a
statute as that? Why, sir, in all countries, per-
jury has been regarded as one of the greatest
crimes a human being could commit, and a crime
that degrades a man upon earth and insures his
punishment hereafter. Most States have laws to
prohibit that crime, but the State of Massachu-
setts provides that no man shall be an officer in
that State unless he is ready to commit perjury
against the United States. She will have none to
serve her but those who arc willing to render them-
selves infamous by the violation of both human
and Divine laws. These statutes seem to account
for what otherwise appears to be a most extraor-
dinary fact. The whole country has been shocked
by the amount of crime that the last census shows
to have been committed in Massachusetts. I say
this with no disposition to 4isparage any State;
but when a State comes up and denounces our
section as containing "the sum of all villainies,"
when it declares that its conscience is pained by
the crimes and vices that are committed in the
South, I just ask the attention of that Senator and
the Senate to the fact. It is stated in a northern
paper, copied from the census returns—and it cor-
responds with my recollection of them, and the
Senator can verify it if it is wrong—that Massa-
chusetts had, in the year 1850, seven thousand
two hundred and fifty criminals. How many do
you suppose there were in the fifteen slaveholding
States? I find that the whole amount was two
thousand eight hundred and eleven. It turns out,
therefore, that the single State of Massachusetts
has nearly three times as much crime as the fif-
teen slave States; and, according to her popula-
tion, she has twenty-five times as much relatively.
How do you account for it? I tluuk that such a
result is to be expected when any State, instead
of endeavoring to prevent high crimes, legislates
to produce them; when it solemnly requires that
every lawyer,for example, shall violate his oath,
solemnly taken. No lawyer is allowed to prac-
tice in that State, but he will be stricken ignomin-
iously from the rolls if he assists in any way in
executing that provision of the Constitution of the
United States; and all her officers are required to
perjure themselves, or be punished. When you
find a State legislating in that way, I think it may
well account for crime flooding the whole land.
We are said to be tainted with slavery and dis-
union sentiments. I make no general or vague
charges against that State. I put this directly on
her legislative acts, and I will give the Senator an
opportunity to answer it, if he desires. If he
does not, I have another word to say.
It may be well sometimes forgentlemen to eulo-
gize their States, but it seems to be a universal
usage of Massachusetts orators so to do. I have
no recollection, from the time I came into public
life, of any man from that State ever making an
elaborate speech—I speak of course of that party
and frequently of the other—but what he has
thought proper to eulogize the doings of that
State in the Revolution. I have no objection,
where a body of gentlemen get together, over a
dinner or somewhere else, to boast of the doings
of their ancestors. All that is well enough; but
does it come with a good gracc from a Senator
who denounces our system ? But before pursu-
ing this topic let me advert to another. Mr. Pres-
ident, I read this very morning, in a paper, an
extract from a former speech of the Senator. I
do not know whether it quotes him right or not;
but let us look at it in this connection. I read it
in one of the morning papers, and I present it
just as the paper has it:
"Mi. Henry Wilson, in a ppccch delivered at Boston,
in the spring of 1855, said : f Send it abroad on the wings
of the wind that I am committed, fully committed, com-
mitted to the fullest extent, m favor of immediate and un-
conditional abolition of slavciy wherever it exists nnder
the authority of the Constitution of the United States.' "
Was that the Senator's doctrine ? The Senator
sits mute.
Mr. WILSON. When you get through, I will
speak.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not want to quote
the Senator incorrectly. If he did not use this
language, of course it all goes for nothing. I will
read another passage which is attributed to him,
and I will remark that I do not do this with any
view of making personal or unpleasant points on
that Senator. I desire to manifest the same re-
spect for that Senator that I always should wish
to entertain for a gentleman of the body of which
I am a member. I allude to it in connection with
political events merely. I find that in a letter to
Wendell Phillips, written July 20th, 1855, the
same Wilson said:
Let us lemember that more than thicc million bond-
men, groaning under nuinclfs:-, ivije-. demand that wo shall
labor lor their deliverance. I toll you here, to-n'ghf, that
the agitation of this question of human slavery will con-
tinue while the foot of a slave presses the soil ol the Amei- .
ican Republic."
I take that to be a fair exposition of the prin-
ciples of the party. The Senator thinks it is an
outrage for us, because we refuse to allow them to
take possession of the Government, and gives us
a lecture, and takes occasion to boast—if he does
not mean it in boasting, I do not know what is
the use to bring it in—of the manner in which his
people fought in the Revolution, and eulogizes
them. Mr. President, there is no State in the
Union whose services in the Revolution have been
so much exaggerated and overrated as his. I am
willing to do Jvjassachusetts justice. She lias a
number of writers and histoiians who devote them-
selves to the business of eulogizing her. The prin-
cipal points made for her, will apply as well or
better to other States; but they say little about
them. For example, we hear a great deal about
the tea party. Well, a body of very worthy cit-
izens went in the night time m disguise, and threw
some tea into the sea. I give them credit for the
act; but nine years before that, on the passage of
the stamp act, in my own State, a body of men
went, not in the night dine, not in disguise, but
they went in the day time to the British Governor
and obliged him to give up the stamp master, and
took him to the market-house and compelled him
to take an oath that he would never execute the
stamp act, and excluded the stamp paper from the
colony. We never thought that was a reason for
glorification, though it was a much bolder act; a '
more decided act; an act agamst the Governor;
not against an unarmed ship; not m the night time,
by men in disguise.
Again, sir, they talk to us a great deal about the
Revolution beginning there. It was four years
before the battle of Concord or of Lexington that
two thousand men in my State were under arms
to resist the British authorities; and if they were
defeated in battle at the Alamance, they only met
the same fate that the people in Massachvtsetts did
in their battles of Concord and Lexington and
Bunker Hill. We never thought that that was a
matter for glorification. I never knew anybody
from my State to allude to such things as these m
debate; and I only refer to them ill this connection
to show with how little reason these gentlemen are
constantly talking about their vast achievements.
Again, sir; when the battle of Concord was
fought, so far from being to achieve independence,
if I recollect aright, the men who engaged in it
actually got up affidavits to prove that the British
fired the first shots, and began the contest. They
did not look to independence; but when the news
went down into my State, immediately after it
was known, they got together at Mecklenburg and
declared independence, and assigned as a princi-
