1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
out of it. I desire to see the public accommo-
dated,but I felt that by throwing this thing open
to the public at large, and converting it into a mere
stock-jobbing operation, hundreds would be in-
terested in it; and where hundreds are interested
in a work of this kind, they do not do it as well
as five or six; and the road would be badly man-
aged—carelessly managed, probably—if so mapy
people had a small interest in it each; wHereas, if
a few people had a large inte'rest, it would be prop-
erly and efficiently managed. If they shall make
money, very well. It may make it something for
each one, but not enough to be divided among
very many people. " I do not see, from the calcu-
lation made by the committee, that there can be
possibly over twenty or thirty thousand dollars
a year made out of this enterprise, and that on an
investment of several hundred thousand dollars.
The reason I desire to strike out Mr. Vander-
werken's name is this ; it looketfto me very much
like an attempt at imposition. The eleventh sec-
tion of the bill carried an indemnity to him as far
as anybody could desire, actuated only by a spirit
of strict justice. It'providcd for buying out ever j
thing he had put oji his line, paying him a fair
value for it, even though the company might not
want. it. It was some sacrifice to impose on them
at the start; but the committee reported to us in
debate that it was understood between them and
him, that, in order to pacify his opposition, they
would buy out his stock, and thus have no further
trouble in relation to this grant. That was re-
ported to and voted upon by us. When that was
done, he comes in and asks to be imposed as an
associate, against their will. I do not think itfair.
It looks very much like what is called in common
parlance "gouging," and therefore I will vote
against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose they buy out his
stock at a valuation and stop there; what com-
pensation does ho get for giving up his business?
Mr. BENJAMIN. He gets all the compensa-
tion he contracted for. Having made a contract,
I presume he is well able to take care of his own
business
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, in line six of the first
section to insert " Gilbert Vanderwesken;" and
on that question the yeas and nays are called for.
The yeas and. nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I hardly know the condi-
tion of the bill now; but I know something about
these passenger railways, and I de.siie to say a
word or two in relation to them. I have been,
since the question was first started, exceedingly
anxious that a bill should he passed to make a
railroad by somebody—1 do not care by whom—
in the streets of this city. I think a road of that
kind will be of great service to the city, and a
great advantage to persons who come here; and
last year I did all I could to secure the making of
a road. I was told then that if wo passed a bill
for the purpose, it would be vetoed. I am told
now that any bill we may pass will be vetoed. I
am told that the President has a notion that a rail-
road passing along the city would be amonument
against his administration, against his wisdom,
and all that sort of. thing. The old gentleman is
a good deal older than most of us, and perhaps
has outlived the time. [Laughter.]
But, in relation to Mr. Yanderwerken, it seems
to me that if he gets paid a fair price for his stock,
he ought to be content. He will get no profit out
of the railroad. I know all about these railroads.
There is no profit in them, unless they happen to
belong to two or three persons, who manage them
as an individual \gould his own property. I have
no doubt that all this excitement about profits will
be dissipated in a year after this time. These
gentlemen have heard of great advantages, and
they come here expecting, every one of them, to
make a fortune out of the road. None of them
will do so. The city and strangers coming here
will be much benefited by the road; but, so far
as we are concerned, it is of little consequence to
us who makes it. 1 shall vote for any set of gen-
tlemen who 1 am certain will make the road in
the shortest possible time.
I think it is but justice to Mr. Yanderwerken
that h" should be paid something,in consideration
of his enterprise in starting an omnibus line for
th$ benefit of the community. He has certainly
made no money, but lias benefited us by coming
here and reducing the price-one half. It is right
that we should take care of him; but if we com-
pel these people to pay a fair price for all his
stock, old and new, ne ought to be content; and
therefore I shall not vote to put his name among
the corporators, not because I believe there is to
be any profit in it, but I think it is but fair to gen-
tlemen who are going to put money into this en-
terprise, that they should be permitted to select
their own associates—men who are agreeable to
them, and who will be ccrtain to pay all the money
which they promise to pay.
I do not desire to dilate on this subject; but just
to say that I think all those people who expect to
make great profits out of this road will be disap-
pointed, while we shall be benefited by having
the road made; and I shall vote against putting
in Mr. Vanderwcrken.
Mr. BROWN". When Mr. Vanderwerker is
made a corporator, he will be one of eleven, as
the bill now stands. He will, therefore, pay to
himself one eleventh part of his own stock. The
eleven gentlemen associated pay to one man for
his stock. What hardship is there in that?
Mr. PUGH. He gets the other ten elevenths
of the profits.
Mr. BROWN. But the company only bring
in another maw. Take any other kind of busi-
ness; let halfadozen gentlemen associate together,
of whom my friend from Ohio is one, to break up
his individual business, out of which he is making
profits, and which the community at large has
accepted, and he and his five associates break
up hits business; he becomes one of the company;
are not the other five under obligation to pay
him? It seems so to mc.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know Mr. Yander-
werken, and never have seen him, that I know of,
in my life. I feci no particular interest in him,
exccpt so far as I consider him greatly a bene-
factor to the city, and to the public generally who
visit Washington city; and therefore I am in-
clined to protect him as far as I can. He came
here and instituted this institution of omnibuses,
I think, when it was a mere experiment, and
doubtful whether he would make anything by it.
It has contributed largely to the interest and con-
venience of people who have congregated here,
as well as the interest of the people of the city.
I think he deserves a good deal of credit; and it
is right, therefore, that in giving this franchise to
these corporators, his interests should be pro-
tected; and I am glad the committee have so done,
by compelling the corporators to buy him out,
and give him a fair and libetal price for his stock ;
and 1 tlnnk he ought to be interested in this com-
pany. He was ono of the original parties that,
two years ago, got up this concern; and probably
went as far in making it a popular thing as any
other member of the concern. I am inclined,
therefore, to favor him, and not only make the
company buy him out, and give him a fair price
for his stock and materials, but to give him an
interest in the concern itself.
The Senator from Pennsylvania thinks nothing
is going to be made out of this road. I differ with
him altogether. I think it is going to be one of
the most profitable and valuable franchises that
the Government has ever given to any corpora-
tion. Look at it. According to their own esti-
mate, which they have made and presented to us
m figures, they will make fifteen per cent, upon
the amount of their investment. They allow six
per cent, on the cost of construction and equip-
ment, $15,496 51; and then, after paying all ex-
penses, it leaves them a net bonus of $18,612 9G,
which will be about nine per cent, more—equal
to fifteen per cent, annually on their investment,
according to their own showing. They have ex-
aggerated their expenditures, doubtless, and less-
ened the probable amount of their receipts, so
as to make this as little obnoxious to Senators as
possible; but look at it. The first item of ex-
penditure is, " cost of real estate in Georgetown
and Navy-Yard, $50,000." Who can believe that
it will cost $50,000 to buy that real estate in the
two cities that will be necessary merely for their
depots? I do not believe it will cost half the
money;. I say nothing about the cost of their
cars and horses. That may he a proper estimate;
but then they say:
"Distance fiom Navy-Yard to Georgetown, four and a
half miles, making nine miles of double track, at $10,500
per mile—$94,500."
It will not cost half the money. I have had
some experience in the construction of railroads.
I have been a contractor upon railroads, and I
have been president of a railroad company, and
I know something aboutthe cost of construction.
Sir, the heavy T iron which is necessary to sus-
tain the burden of the most profitable roads in
your country, does not cost more than $5,000 a
mile. T iron which would weigh sixty-five pounds
to the lineal yard can be put down here in the
city of Washington for $5,000 a mile; but they
place the cost of the road atjplO,500 a mile. Theie
will be no grading to it. They have nothing to
do but put down the superstructure and lay the
iron; and, instead of costing $10,500 a mile, 1 will
venture any amount that it will not cost more
than half the money. Then, again:
" Distance from Pennsylvania avenue, along Seventh
street, to M street, four fifths of a mile, making on® mil''
and three fifths at $10,500 yer mile, double track, ($16,800."
And they add $20,000 for " miscellaneous ex-
penditures." After this exaggerated amount of
cost for the construction of the road itself, they
put down $20,000 for miscellaneous expenditures,
making the whole road and equipment cost
$258,275 30. Sir, I will risk my judgment that
the whole work can be accomplished for $150,000;
ant!, instead of making fifteen per cent, upon the
actual amount of cost, this company will proba-
bly make from twenty to thirty per cent, annu-
ally. That is my deliberate opinion. I'do not
think thoy will make less than twenty per cent,
clear ef all expenses, for they have got their ex-
penses here at a very high figure. They put
down:
Expenses jor working the road, per annum.
Forty-four drivers, at $8 per week  16,400 00
Six timers, at $500 per annum  3,000 00
Forty four conductor, at $600 per annum  26,400 00
Ten smiths, $475 per annum  4,750 00
Two stable toremen    1,050 00
Twenty-two ostlers.    6,176 00
Two clerks ".  1,800 00
One general manager  2,500 00
Fotir feed-men  3,248 00
Car oil,.  350 00
Lamplighter    300 00
Office expenses, stationery, fuel, See   500 00
Sundiics, not enumerated  5,000 00
Taxes, insurance, and repairs on real estate.... 1,000 00
Estimating that in ten years the horses will have
died, and the total destruction of the track,
cars, and harness, one tenth per annum  20,507 5'J
Total expenses for working tlie road, pei annum, $90,801 5A
They have got all the expenses which they will
probably incur at an exaggerated figure, and the
whole expenses are only $90,000 a year, and the
average receipts $143,910. They make that esti-
mate by taking the present receipts of Mr. Yan-
derwerken with his omnibuses, and adding fifty
per cent, to them. That is for the present popu-
lation; but as the population of Washington and
Georgetown increases,of course these receipts will
grow; and instead of receiving $143,000 a year,
m the course of a few years tney will probably
go up to $200,000 a year. It is an enormous
franchise; and I think that they can very well af-
ford to pay Mr. Vanderwcrken, and take all his
stock off his hands at a fair value, and let him
take some portion of their stock. "I shall there-
fore \otc for sustaining the old man.
Mr. HAMLIN. There arc a variety of opin-
ions in this Hall in relation to what proposition
ought to be entertained. There arc many who
think no road at all should be built, and for that
purpose of testing the question—and I shall vote
for it myself—I move to lay the whole subject on
the table.
Mr. BROWN. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay, Fessenden, Grimes, Hamlin, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Tennessee, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Push,
Slidell. and Wigfall—12. '
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg,
Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Clingman, Collamei, Cntten-
dfn, Dixon, Poolittlf, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Gwin, Ilnrlan,
Hemphill, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, King,
Lane, Mason, Powell, Sebastian, Sewaid, Simmons, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilson—-31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment to insert the
n?mc of Gilbert Vanderwcrken in the first section.
Mr. PUGH. I believe I shall withdraw the
call for the.yeas and nays. We can have a divi-
sion 011 the amendment.
