154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
[March Tj,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sbss.
Property in Territories—Mr. Wade.
Senate.
difference even on the other side as to these shades
or colors of congressional authority; bui, never-
theless, you are all i$ for spreading slavery to the
ends of the earth.
Take another case—one that is, perhaps, likely
to occura little sooner, perhaps. Suppose Brig-
ham Young should come from the State of Utah
when it is a State,'into Kansas, or any other
Territory, and bring with him his forty wives,
and the Territory has a law that a man shall have
but one wife. Brigham says, " These are my
property; yea, more than my property; yea, they
are forty ribs taken out of my body white I slept;
I must bring them in here, or the State of Utah
will not be on an equal footing with the other
States of this Union."
Away with such logic. There is no guarantee
in the Constitution of the United States for such a
position as that. Our safety, Mr. President, con-
sists in keeping close to the Constitution. What-
ever we claim let us find the direct warrant for it
there," or ?he necessary implication to carry out
some other power that is manifestly granted. The
moment we go astray from this we are in the fog;
we are in dispute; we endanger the harmony of
our action, and it is done in this instance. In this
great departure from the early principles of this
Government, you have involved portions of the
nation in almost irretrievable hostility to each
other. Let us go back to the Constitution and
follow it.
Mr. President, I will notice one other position
Waiving all constitutional law on this subject—
for, as we arc not compelled to do all that we have
a constitutional right to do—I will suppose, for
the purposes of this argument, that you have au-
thority to take your slaves into a Territory and
hold them there, still, is it expedient, is it just and
proper to do it? This brings up a question which
has been incidentally debated during this session
several times. Originally, it now stands con-
fessed here, the framors of our institutions, the
fathers of the Republic, all, I believe, without a
dissenting voice, (if there was any I do not know
it,) held that slaveholding was against common
right, was against natural right, was wrong in
itself, and therefore should not be cherished or
encouraged.
Now, Senators say here, that the slaveholding
States have loconsitlered this subject with great
deliberation, and they have found that this old
view was wrong; that slavery is a normal condi-
tion; that il is a blessing to society; that it is the
best state and condition that a man can be in, and
therefore ought to be extended. That is the only
issue which I wish to draw in upon this subject
with any party, because I know that your determ-
ination now to extend slavery into the Territo-
ries arises from this new philosophy of yours.
If you are right upon that, I will go with you. If
you arc right, let us extend slavery to the four
winds of heaven; let us employ missionaries to
preach the glories of slavery, and" induce the whole
world to divide itself, and one half become slave-
holders and the other half slaves.
Sir, I am glad to see this great question placed
at last upon a solid foundation; for every man
knows that no political principle can be based per-
manently on anything short of eternal justice and
right. Now, I do not care for what the Senator
from Georgia and others have told us, that slave-
holding was the basis upon which society had been
founded for thirty centuries. We, at least, have
discovered that it is a sandy foundation. It is fast
washing away; and in exact proportion to the ad-
vance of mankind in civilization and in knowledge,
on all hands this old principle is deemed barbarous,
and is wearing away. Upon that issue I will
meet you; it is a fair one. If it is right, extend
it; if it is wrong, let it dio the death, as all error
and falsehood must die. I hardly know how to
meet this issue in aigument; for I have been in the
habit of believing, with the fathers of the Consti-
tution, that liberty is the gift of God to every hu-
man being. With them, I have supposed it is
self-evident, and ineapablc of illustration by argu-
ment. I would appeal from all your casuistry to
the promptings of the human heart. Who within
the sound of my voice would not say with the
immortal Henry, "Give me liberty, or give me
death?" If there be any, let him speak. Who
had nut rather infinitely follow a friend or relation
to the'grave than into the shambles of eternal sla-
very ? Not a man. Human nature revolts at it.
I know it is said that the African is an inferior
race, incapable of defending his own rights. My
ethics teach me; if it be so, that this fact, sp far
from giving me a right to enslave him, requires
that I shall be more scrupulous of his rights; but
I know that, whether he be equal to me or not,
he is still a human being; negroes are still men.
Senators will bear me witness that there are thou-
sands now in bondage who are much more white
than-black—yea, tens of thousands of such; but,
whether white or black, I say again, they are still
human; they are animated by the same hopes,
they are afflicted with the same sorrows, they are
actuated by the same motives that we are. Like
us, they may be deprived of every right; they
may be treated like brutes; their souls may be ig-
nored; you may whip, scourge, and trample them
in the dust, if you will; but they,beinghuman,
will arise from the utmost degradation, and still
stand forth in the image of God, the conscious
candidates of immortal life. This gives them a
full assurance of their manhood, and stands as an
eternal prophecy that they arc not always to be
slaves. It is part and parcel of human nature. It
is implanted m every human soul, by the finger
of God. You cannot eradicate it; and yet, while
it remains, your institution cannot be secure.
There are other reasons enough to show that
it is not the normal condition of man. Whence
this tremulous perturbation of the whole South on
this subject? Why this fear that their institu-
tion will be overturned by every breath? Why
is it that you withhold from these men and women
the knowledge ofreadingand writing? What mean
your nightly patrols, that I sec your laws provide
for? What means this persecution of northern
men who go among you ? What is the fear you
have of this Helper book that we have heard so
much of? If slavery is the normal condition, do
you fear that the handiwork of God will be over-
turned by these frivolous means? No, sir; never.
It falsifies the pretense that it is a normal condi-
tion of mankind. Society in the North needs no
such artificial props as these to sustain it. You
may come up there; you may attack our institu-
tions; we will invite you wherever you please to
come to preach the glories of slavery as the nor-
mal condition of man, and our institutions will
stand firmer than ever by the conflict. We fear
no such thing Why? Because, although the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] said that
slavery was the normal condition, and, if 1 under-
stood him, that freedom was an experiment yet,
and likely to come out second best, nevertheless
everything around you shows the security of the
North. The perfect, eontentedness of the North
shows which is the normal and which the other
condition. Look to the great Northwest, to which
I belong. There is a white population to-day,
northwest of the river Ohio, as great as that of all
yourslave States, so secure, so impassive, so con-
scious of their own strength, that they are an em-
pire in themselves. I am here day after day, and
my constituents ask nothing of me but to be let
alone. Here we hear this clamor from the South
about southern rights, day after day, year after
year, disturbing elements in our political progress
constantly; and yet you hear nothing from the se-
curity of freedom and free labor in those regions.
All tins goes to show that slavery is not the nor-
mal condition of man; that it is an institution which
has survived the exigencies of the times which per-
mitted it to be established, and now lives on the
bare sufferance of mankind.
I have nothing to say of slavery m the States,
I do not wish to say, and would not say, a word
about it; because I "am candid enough to confess
that I do not know what you can do with it there.
I want no finger with it in your own States. I
leave it to yourselves. It is bad enough, to be
sure, that four millions of unpaid labor now is
operating there, in competition with the free labor
of the North; but I have nothing to say of that.
Within your own boundaries conduct it in your
own way; but it is wrong. -Your new philoso-
phy cannot stand the scrutiny of the present age.
It is a departure from the views and principles of
your fathers; yea, it is founded in the selfishness
and cupidity of man, and not in the justice of
God. There is the difficulty with your institution.
There is what makes you fear that it may sooner
or later be overturned; but, sir, I shall do nothing
to overturn it. If I could do it with the wave of
my hand in your States, I should not knowjioW
to do it, or what "you should do. All I say is, that
in the vast Territories of this nation I will allow
no such curse to have a foothold. If I am right,
and slavery stands branded and condemned by
the God of nature, then, for Heaven's sakfc', go-
with me to limit it, and not propagate this curttd,
I am candid enough to admit thcrt you gentlemen
on the other side, if you ever become' convinced,'
as I doubt not you will, that this institution does
not stand by the rights of nature nor by the will
of God, you yourselves will be willing to put a
limit to it. You have only departed because your
philosophy has led you away. Sir, I leave you
with the argument.
And now, Mr. President,iirconclusion, I would
ask Senators what they find in the Republican
party that is so repulsive to them that thfty must
lay hold of the pillars of this Union, and demolish
and destroy the noblest Government that ever has
existed among men? For what? Not certainly
for any evil we have done; for, as I said to start
with, you are more prosperous now than you ever
were before. What are our principles? Our
principles are only these: we hold that you shall
limit slavery. Believing it wrong, believing it
inconsistent with the best interests of the people,
we demand that it shall be limited; and this lim-
itation is not hard upon you, because you have
land enough for a population as largo as Europe,
and century after century must roll away before
you can occupy what you now have. The next
thing which we hold, and which J have not time
to discuss, is the great principle of the homestead
bill—a measure that will be up, I trust, this ses-
sion, and which I shall ask to press through, as
the greatest measure I kiibw of to mold in the
right direction the Territories belonging to this
nation; to build up a free yeomanry capable of
maintaining an independent republican Govern-
ment forever. We demand, also, that there shall
be a protection to our own labor against the pau-
per labor of Europe. We have always contended
for it, but you have always stricken it down.
These are the measures; and these are the only
measures I know of that the great Republican
party now stand forth as the advocates of. Is
J there anything repulsive or wrong "about them?
, You may not agree to them; you may differ as to
j our views; but is there anything in them that
should make traitorsofus,thatshouldleadaman
to pull down the pillars of his Government and
buryit ujf in fcase we succeed ? "Sir, these princi-
; pies for which we contend arc as old as the Gov-
| ernment itself. They stand upon the very foun-
! dation of those who framed your Constitution,
s They arc rational and right; they arc the conces-
■ sions that ought to be made to northern labor
I against you, who have monopolized four millions
of compulsory labor and uncompensated labor,
in competition with us.
There is one thing more that I will say before
I sit down; but what I am now about to propose
! is not part and parcel of the Republican platform,
; that I know of. There is in these United States
| a lace of men who are poor, weak, uninfluen-
i tial, incapable of taking care of themselves. I
! mean the free negroes, who arc despised by all,
; repudiated by all; outcasts upon the face of the
; earth, without any fault of theirs that I know of;
| but they are the victims of a deep-rooted preju-
! dice, and I do not stand here to argue whether
| that prejudice be right or wrong. I know such
; to be the fact. It is there immovable. It is per-
! fectly impossible that these two races can inhabit'
; the same place and be prosperous and happy. I
j see that this species of population are just as ab-
; horrent to the southern States, and perhaps more
; so, than to the North; many of those States are
1 now, as I think, passing most unjust laws to drive
i these men off or to subject them to slavery; they
1 arc flocking into the free States, and we have ob~
, jections to them. Now, the proposition is, that*
I this great Government owes it to justice, owes it to
i those individuals, owes it to itself and to the free
! white population of the nation, to provide a means
| whereby this class of unfortunate men may em-
j igratc to some congenial clime, where they may
I be maintained, to the mutual benefit of all, both
