1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1597 .
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as'follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Chandler,
Collamer, DoolitUe, Fessenden, Hamlin, HarJan, ivcrson,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten,
Eyck. WigfaH, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Cameron,
Clay, Clmgman, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Green, Gwin, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, i'eaice, Polk, Pugh,
Slidell, and Wade—20. '
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope we may take the
question on the other amendments together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment made in Committee of the Whole was,
in line six, section one, after the word " their,"
to insert " associates and.55
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. LANE. I should like to get rid of the bill
now. 1 move to lay it on the table
Mr. BROWN. We have just had a vote on
that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have had no vote on
it since this gentlfeman has been forced ©n asso-
ciates who do not want him. I am willing now
to lay the bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The next amendment made in Committee of the
Whole was, in section three, line four, to strike
out "grooved pattern," and insert, "most ap-
proved pattern, to be determined by the Secretary
of the Interior."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made in Committee of the
Whole was, in section six, line three, to strike out
" eighteen," and insert "twelve;" so that it will
read:
Unless the said railways shall be commenced within six
months from the passage of this act, and he completed
within tweive,inoiithrf, this act shall be null and void."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made m Committee of the
Whole was, at the end of scction eight to insert:
But m such event it shall be the duty of ?>aid company
to change the level ot said lailroad, so as to conform to such
altered grades.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made in Committee of
the Whole was to insert as a new section:
x And be it further enacted, That the stockholders in said
company shall be liable, each in his oi her individual ca-
pacity, for all debts and liabilities of the &au! company,
however contracted, to the amount of stock held by each.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this is to be confined
to half a dozen people who are to build the road,
I think the last clause of that section should be
stricken out. I move to strike out the words " to
the amount of sUck held by each." It is to be
confined to half a dozen men.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was, in section eleven of the bill, line
three, after the word "him" to insert "on the
16th of December last;" so that it will read:
That said body corporate shall buy of Gilbert Vander-
werken all the real estate, hoiscs, omnibuses, aDd harness, i
used by him on the 16tii of December lust, See.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was to insert, as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That said incorporated com-
pany shall pay over to the corporate authoutics of Wash-
ington city and Georgetown, semi -annually, one half cent
on each passenger earned over said road, to be divided be-
tween said cities m proportion to their population, as a.-scei
tamed at each Federal census.; the same to fonn a fund
foi the maintenance and support of public schools in said
cities, lespectively.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. 1 have no objection to a propo-
sition requiring these companies topaya reason-
able proportion of their net profits to the corpo-
rate authorities; but this bill has first a provision
requiring all their property to be taxed according
to the usual rates, and then it is proposed to give
one half cent on every passenger out of five cents.
In the first place, it is a proportion of the gross
revenue, and it is a very large proportion. Hav-
ing already loaded the company down, I am sat-
isfied that if we require them to pay one half cent
for every passenger, they getting but five cents a
passenger, they cannot make the road. I am
anxious that a portion of their profits should go
for the support of schools, but after having these
other amendments adopted, 1 suggest to the Sen-
ator from Georgia that this amendment lays it on
rather too thick. He had better either go to the
net proceeds, and take a proportion of them, or
reduce the proportion of gross proceeds. This
is a tax on the gross revenue of the company; not
on its income.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this bill is to pass, and
we are to give a charter to a company to build a
road, let us treat them decently, and not as if we
wanted not only to prevent their making any
profits, but also to' take money out of their pock-
ets. The committee have fixed the-ratcof fare.
They suppose it to be just, proper, and right. If
it is a just and proper rate, if it affords a sufficient
reasonable remuneration, I see no ground, as the
Senator from Ohio says, why we should take so
much out of the gross receipts. If you will say
that they shall pay a certain proportion of their
profits, or what they receive over a certain amount
of profit, I am willing to agree to it; but it strikes
me that this proposition is entirely unreasonable
to be put on any company. I am not in favor of
this bill as it stands, I am free to avow; but if it is
to pass to think they ought to be treated decently.
1 nave another word to say, and it is this: I uo
not see any reason why the people of Georgetown
and Washington should not do as every other
people does in all the cities—support their schools
and educate their children. 1 am opposed to the
idea that we must tax everybody who comes here
to support their schools, and the further idea,
which seems to be advanced, that we must be
making .appropriations continually. People of
other cities educate their children, and I do not see
why these people cannot do it. If they are indis-
posed to walk up and do their duty in that partic-
ular, I see no reason why we should be taxed to
do it. I see no reason for holding out inducements
to them to omit their plain duty, which every
other people meet with cheerfulness.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not see how this will
create any additional tax on the people who are
going to use the road. The Senator from Maine
has certainly failed to demonstrate that this com-
pany arc not permitted by this bill to charge five
cents for each passenger, and I want to know of
the Senator if he will guaranty that, if this amend-
ment is defeated, the company would only charge
four and a half cents?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. I say this: it is
to be presumed that the committee made a proper
estimate with regard to what would be the income
of the company and the expenses of the company.
They have given them liberty to charge five cents.
That either is oris not a proper enumeration. If
it is too much, reduce it; but if it is nothing more ,
than proper, where is the good sense of our saying
that they shall pay out of the gross receipts, with-
out reference to the profits, a given amount in order
to support schools in this city?
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Maine is
mistaken about the computation of the commit- j
tee. The facts are these: this company came and
memorialized Congress, and in tkeir memorial ;
they proposed to pay this very thing to the cor- ;
poration. Theysaid, "ifyouwillgiveusthisfran- j
chise, and allow us t© charge live cents a passen- j
ger, we will pay a certain portion of the proceeds i
to the corporation of Washington and George- [
town to educate their children." The committee :
struck that out, and did not propose to impose
that obligation upon them. The company them-
selves made their estimates, and they say here, i
as I had the paper a little while ago and exhibited !
to the Senate, that after paying six per cent, on ;
the whole amount of their investment, and de- ;
ducting all their expenses, according to their own ,
showing, there would be a clear bonus of $18,000, !
which is equal" to nine per cent. more. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the proper course j
is to strike down the price to be received.
Mr. IVERSON. If you will strike it down to 1
three or four cents f will vote fur it; but as long j
as you retain the five-cent fare in the bill, the re- I
suit will be, if you refuse this amendment, that :
instead of giving the half cent for the education of j
children here, you will put it in the pockets of this j
corporation. 'That is the result. I say that, as |
they have themselves proposed to give this to the.
corporation for the benefit of the children of the
district, (and they can very well afford to do it,) I
sec no reason why we shall not permit them t-o do-
it. I offer the amendment in conformity with the
proposition of the company themselve?; and Sen-
ators, in their exuberant liberality, propose to *
exonerate them from a burden which they them-
selves propose to inflict. According to their o\yn
showing, they will not only make six per cent*
on their investment, on an extravagant estimate
of their expenditures, according to my opinion,
but they will make nine per cent, more on that in-
vestment according to their own showing, which,
they have exhibited here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A very good argument
against the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. That may be so; but I am
in favor of the bill, notwithstanding they, will
make these largcfprofits; because I want the rail-
road constructed, and I am willing they should
make pxofits, provided we have the road. It cer-
tainly will not injure the community to give them
this privilege. 'The community now have to pay
five cents for riding in omnibuses. They will
have to pay no more than five cents to ride in a
railroad car, and certainly the change will be an
agreeable and profitable one for the community.
I am for the bill, even at five cents fare; bu% I in-
sist we shall take half a cent of that, and give it
to the benefit of the public of the two cities. Ac-
cording to their own showing, they will then make
twelve per cent, on the amount of their invest-
ment, even receiving only four ^nd a half cents a
passenger.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Georgia
has made a statement, I think at least twice, which
I am very sure is not well founded. The Senator
is mistaken. The persons named as corporators
here never made any such proposition as he has
stated—proposing to give a certain amount of the
earnings of their road—no such thing. I think I
am right in my recollection; I am confident I am.
Their first proposition was to pay a certain per
cent, on the net earnings of the road in lieu of all
other taxes. That was their proposition,and the
Senate committee deemed it wise to strike out that,
and let them be taxed like other persons, and let
the taxes be fixed at a proper rate. That was
their proposition to relieve themselves from taxa-
tion, and the committee thought it not advisable
to accede to it for two reasons: first, there might
be trouble in hunting up net profits on which to
make any assessment; and seconcfly, they ought
to stand precisely as everybody else stood, as-
sessed for the fuli value of all their property.
Mr. CAMERON. While listening to the Sen-
ator from Georgia, I prepared an amendment,
which I think will be better than the half cent
proposition he talks about. I will read it:
Provided, The said corporation shall pay to the treasury
of Washington and Georgetown, for the benefit of the
scho l fund, five per cent, per annum of their annual divi-
dends, wluch shall be in fuli of all taxation on said rail-
loads.
I prefer that it should be left to the corpora-
tions of these two cities to assess them in propor-
tion to the value of their property; but if there is
anything to be taken from their income, 1 would
rather it should be a portion of their actual prof-
its. I do not believe, as I said before, that there
is going to be any great profit. The Senator from
Georgia differs with mc, I see, in his calculation
of the profits of this road. I think I have had
more experience than he has had in the making
of lailroads, and I have never seen a railroad
made for the amount of the estimate on which it
was based—neither city nor general railroad—
none. They always cost more; because there is
always a great deal more to be done after a rail-
road is supposed to be finished than anybody
not acquainted with that business can imagine.
I look on this railroad as a convenience to us,
to the citizens of Washington, and to all strangers
who come here. I would do nothing to interfere
with the gentlemen who invest their money in it.
They will find before they have done that it will
cost them more money than they imagine, and
they will find when they come to get their divi-
dends, that they are very small affairs; but we
shall derive benefit. If you tax thorn at all, it is
fair you should tax their income, and take a por-
tion of their profits; but if you charge one half
-cent on each passenger, without regard to the
