THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, B. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 27, 1860.
New Series.....No. 37.
pal reason this very attack on American citizens
up in Massachusetts. The Americans were de-
feated in all these early engagements in Massa-
chusetts; and, in point of fact, the first victory
that was ever won during the Revolution was in
my State, in the battle at Moore's Greek. We
never thought proper to glorify this. They, in
defense of Massachusetts, when she is charged
with violating the Constitution of the United
States, declare that their ancestors performed
great and glorious achievements. 1 concede it;
but I maintain that the other States of the Union
stand as her equals in that respect, and every State
that maintains the Constitution has the advant-
age of her now on other grounds. I will not,
however, press this point further. There are qne
or two things which T would like to allude to
rapidly. There is nothing more common than
this denunciation of the slaveholders as a small
class. I had occasion to look into the fact the
other day, and I see that, according to the last
census, the proportion of slaveholders in North
Carolina is much larger than of landholders in
Massachusetts. What would the gentleman think
if we were to get up here, or if somebody were to
go into that State, and denounce the landhold-
ers of Massachusetts as a small squad of aristo-
crats, and appeal to the people to deprive them of
their property? Their numbers are not as large
as the number of slaveholders in North Carolina,
in proportion to the population of the respective
States.
But lie says great outrages have been committed
in the South on citizens of the North for the last
hundred days; greater outrages than any foreign
countries have committed. Mr. Piesident, I am
free to admit that some innocent men have prob-
ably suffered in the South. I have very little doubt
about it, because when you get up a general col-
lision and great excitement, the misfortune is
always that the innocent suiTer to some extent.
But what is the ground upon which these pro-
ceedings have taken place? They send incendi-
aries, and they go down there to stimulate the
slaves to rebel, or they run off property, ond the
natural result is that the community must take
steps to protect itself. Howis it m Massachusetts r
Has any man ever gone there from the Soutli to
stimulate the people there to deprive the land-
holders of their property, or to burn the factories,
or to get up a revolution ' Has any man ever
gone fromaslavcholdmgState into Massachusetts
to take possession of their property ? Not at all.
All this excitement, all this getting up of mobs
there is against men who go there to recover their
own property that has been run olf. Now, sup-
pose that a citizen of Massachusetts had a horse
to stray over into Virginia, or any of his other
property got into a slave State, would he be mo-
lested if he were to come there and recover it?
Yet if our people go up there to recover their
property, which not only stands on as good a foot-
ing as a horse, but a better, because there is an
express clause of the Constitution for its return,
you raise mobs and resist the recovery, and yet
because we do not permit men to come down intg
the southern country to run off slaves and stimu-
late negroes to rebel and even to create revolutions,
bccause we are obliged to take steps to prevent
such things, we arc denounced as not complying
with our duties under the Constitution. Was
there ever such a contrast between two sections
or communities > But I will not detain the Senate,
further in answer to such positions.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the. Senator from
Massachusetts, in the course of his remarks, took
occasion in his general examination of what each
Senator had said, to make allusion to me. I do j
not know whether he quoted the language I used
or not. But, though 1 cannot recollect the lan- j
guage, the sentiment was so much like my own j
thafl am willing to accept it. It is what I think
now, it is what I thought when I spoke on the |
occasion to which he alluded, and, therefore, what I
I may have said. But the Senator greatly mis- j
represents the meaning. That is not a declara- I
37
tion that if a man of any particular class shall
be elected—that if a majority who do not coin-
cide with lis elect a President, we will therefore
break up the Union, it is a declaration that if a
man boelected upon aparticularplatform, as there
stated—and the name of an individual was only
introduced in order to point to what distinct opin-
ion was embraced within the denunciation—if, in
other words, a man were to seize the reins ofGov-
ernment, not to administer it according to tke
Constitution, but to pervert it to our destruction,
to make this Government one of hostility to us,
we would with therighthandredressourwrongs.
That is my opinion now. If a man is willing to
perjure himself by taking the oath to maintain
the Constitution that he may get possession of the
powers of this Government to subvert it to the ends
of that platform, I tell him, sir, that I have too much
pride and confidence in the South to believe they
ever will submit. For one single individual, I
can speak—I never will. If driven to exile, I pre-
fer it to tame submission to a traitor and perjurer
who sought the possession of the Government in
order that he might overthrow its Constitution.
That is my view. Therefore, I suppose the
Senator may probably have quoted me correctly;
his report may be correct; but how comcs it that
the Senator from Massachusetts is he who lec-
tures us on the crime of disunion? How comes
it that we are to be shuffled into the attitude of
those who are seeking to break up the Govern-
ment, because wo have avowed that we would not
alio# others to do it? He, representing the very
opinion which is a dissolution of the Union, by
the destruction of its Constitution, claims to hold
us responsible because we resist the nefarious ag-
gression. We arc represented as the secessionists,
whilst they seceded in the last presidential elec-
tion; went off as a section, organized for them-
selves, and attempted to force upon this Govern-
ment a sectional candidate, supported exclusively
by a sectional vote. That was secession—prac-
tical secession. We of the South have clung to
the Constitution. We have respected the Gov-
ernment, and abided by its compromises; and
never was there a more audacious falsehood ut-
tered than thr arraignment whrch has constantly
been made against the South os despising the Con-
stitution and the compromises of which it was the
result.
It was not my purpose on this occasion to go
into any extended discussion; but it occurs to
me now that here as elsewhere we have heard it
even said that the South had violated the Mis-
souri compromise, when they who sit on the other
side of the Chamber know—they must know—
that the South, as a body, proposed to extend it
to the Pacific ocean, having already accepted it
to a damaging effect over the territory of Texas.
They accepted the proposition. From them came
the release from the obligation of the compact:
and when different principles were declared and
conduct adapted to them founded on the legisla-
tion of 1830, then I held that no honorable man
who claimed to uphold those acts could but admit,
as a result, that the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise was a necessity. Thus J have always sus-
tained the conduct of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] who, pledged to that action,
came forward to redeem the pledge which was
incumbent on every honorable man. We never
admitted the constitutionality of the act of 1820.
We said, however, " the people and the States
have acquicsced in it." We said it was a mode
of disposing of a controversy which seemed to be
endless. "We desired peace. We wished union
and fraternity. We were therefore ready to go
on and divide the balance of the territory by the
law which you imposed on us. You refused it; and
then, with hypocritical cant, cry aloud about the
sacred Missouri compromise and its violation!
But the Senator from Massachusetts who ar-
raigns the men of the South (standing in the atti-
tude which I have thus described) with disregard
of the Constitution, and a purpose of disunion,
comcs not with clean hands into court. What is
his own position? A pamphlet has been recently'
laid upon my table in which a speech of the Sen-
ator is published as an appendix—a speech deliv-
ered " at an anti-slavery festival held in Cochituate
Hall, Boston, on the evening of January 24,1851,
to celebrate the completion of the twentieth year
of the existence of The liberator." What did
the Senator say ? We recollect that Senators on
that side have recently been in the habit of draw-
ing distinctions between the Garrison Abolition-
ists and the Republicans. What did that Senator
say ?
" For twelve years I have read the Liberator; and, sir,
if I love liberty and loathe slavery and oppression, if I
entertain a profound regard for the rights of man ail over
the globe, I owe it, in a great degree, to the labors of Wil-
liam Lloyd Garrison.' [Prolonged applause.]"
Garrison, then, is the teacher of the Senator,
and he exults in the characterof his pupil. X havo
read the Liberator for some years, too, though for
a very different purpose, and have found, stand-
ing firmly fixed, prominent as the caption of the
last column of the first page of the Liberator, these
words:
" No union with slaveholders.
"The United States Constitution is a covenant with
death, and an agreement with heli."
Thus the Senator manifests his respect for
the Constitution and his adherence to the Union.
This is the paper from which he claims to draw
his opinions, and this the caption with which it
heads quotations that I will read, quoting from
Mr. Channing:
"There K some exeusc for communities when, undei a
generous impulse, they espouse the cause of the oppressed
m other States, and by force restore their rights; but they
are without excuse in aiding other States in binding on men
an unrighteous yoke. On this, subject,ourfathers, in fram-
ing the Constitution, swerved from the right. We, their
cluldien, at the end of half a century, see the path of duty
more clearly than they, and must walk m it. To this point
the public mind has been long tending, and the time has
come for lookingat it fully, dispassionately, and with manly
and Christian resolution."
There is an advantage in reciting this which
would not belong to any article in any particular
number of the paper, if he has been a constant
reader, as he says, for so many years; he has found
it in every paper, and yet he praises his tutor who
thus teaches him in every number, these doctrines
of the violation of his faith to the Constitution, the
denunciation of the Constitution, the purpose to
destroy the Union, to wage war upon the institu-
tions which that Constitution was formed in part
tosccure. WhilstthcSenatortellsusthathedraws
his opinions from the venerated source of the
fathers of the Republic, here it is to be remarked
the announcement is made that we have walked
in the shadows of the dark ages which covered
the formation of our Constitution, and have just
now stepped out into a broad light, which the Sen-
ator, I suppose, proposed to-day to throw over
the Senate. Again, m this same speech which I
have quoted, the Senator said:
"Yes, sir, T undertake to <sa.y here to-night, that in no
part of the woild, and by no race in the world, have greater
efforts been made for human progress and human liberty
than have been made during the last thirty years m old Eng-
land. [Applause.] Herleformershave achieved tlic most
brilliant victories. Among all her brilliant intellects, who
have linked theii names with the great ideas of Piogres>,,
no name shines more brightly than the name of Geoitra
Thorn pson. [Applause.]"
This is the language applied to that very coun-
try against whose oppressions he has to-day de-
picted his fathers as struggling; and this is to be
taken in connection with his address to the mon-
ument at Bunker lull! And to whom is this com-
pliment paid ? To an itinerant Abolitionist, who
came here with a fell purpose to sever the connec-
tion of these States; who, even in the Senator's
own State, a few years ago, when there was a
sounder public opinion, was not allowed to lec-
ture—who even now is not allowed to go into
Faneuil Hall; and the Senator, on this occasion,
expressed his regret that Faneuil Hall was not
thrown open to one who performed such service!
Nor is that all the Senator said:
" And. sir, ay an American, loving my country, cherish-
