578
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
ing the great fundamental principles on which its institu-
tions are founded,' 1 come here to-night and give him ihe
same cordial welcome to America that I would extend to
the men who have nobly struggled on the lost fields where
liberty has been cloven down. [Sensation.] And as he
may bo called upon in a few months to leave us, I tiust
that, when he goes, there will be none, at least in Massa-
chusetts, who will censure him for laboring to blot from
our country the sin and shame of slavery. [Much enthu-
siasm ]"
None in Massachusetts who would censure a
British Abolitionist for coming here to interfere
with the institutions of the country! He may
hope there would be none. I trust there would
be many. I trust thos^few who have spoken in
such heroic tones that their words have spread
over the vast area of the Republic, have many
who concur with them; and f trust that there is
a power in Massachusetts which, whenever this
fell spiiit shall manifest itself by attempting to
invade southern institutions, will, in the lan-
guage of Cashing, "throttle them where they
stand." Yes, I believe the Old Bay State, to-day,
has enough of Democrats true to the Constitution
and loyal to its obligations, if it comes to a test
of hand to hand and man to man, to drive back
those who thus wring her from her duties to the
Constitution and the Union. The speaker goes
on:
"We shall arrest the extension of slavery, and lcscuethe
Government from the grasp of the slave power. We s-hall
blot out slavery in the national capital. We shall Muround
the slave States with a cordon ot free States. We shall
then appeal to the hearts and consciences ot men, and in
ft faw years, notwithstanding the immense interest com-
bined m the cause of oppression, we shall give liberty to
the millions in bondage. [Ileal! Xlear!]''
Was it possible for any one to have thrown out
an invitation to John Brown and his followers,
broader than this ? Had he a right to expect, when
he met a felon's doom, that, after such invitations,
those who gave them would not rise to rescue
his name from the infamy which attaches to it'
What does it mean} Does this mean respect for
the institutions of the States ? Does this mean eon-
formity to the obligations of the Constitution ' It
cannot moan that. It is not the language even of
the citizen of a friendly State, not bound by any
treaty or league of confederacy as you are here.
It is the language of one who instigates insurm-
tion, who seeks to carry war into neighboring
Stales, and not tin' language of a citizen of the
United States, bound by the compact of ins father*;,
and, as in the ease of the Senator, by his own oath,
to respect every obligation which the uti/.ens of
each State owe to the citizens of every other.
In this last quotation which I read is that sug-
gestive expression, "the slave power/' t have
some respect, for a mere fanatic. If he is a mere
fanatic, if his mind is absorbed with the idea of
necrophilism, if he is sincere in struggling to
overthrow the institutions of the South because
he believes fhern to be a great wrong, and steps
outside of all the power and patronage of the Gov-
ernment, refuses to conii"et lumself with if, re-
fuses to be benefited by the appeal which he makes
to popular prejudice, I have some respect for him;
but this phrase "slave power" suggests that the
purpose is to seize the spoils of the Government,
not to walk with the single, even if it be senseless,
purpose of a fanatic to that destination to which
his one idea may carry him. Here is the art, the
dodging, the double-faced view which belongs to
making political capital out of the excited senti-
ments of men; and in the Senator's speech to-day
we hear constantly of the domination of the slave
power, and the aggression of the slave power.
In what? I waited to hear, but the Senator did
not tell us. In what have the slaveholders, as a
class, if he pleases so to consider them, ever ag-
g-essed upon the rights or interesrs of the NorthJ
iffering in our construction of the Constitution,
we have struggled here to hold the Government to
its delegated powers; they have claimed to exercise
pow crs by construction, and that has been the con-
troversy between the North and the South, As
for the rest, where, when, in what has that nggres- 1
©ion occurred, of which the Senator speaks as the i
aggression of the slave power? In no personal, '
unkind, feeling to the Senator, I ask the question
because I should like to know, that I may direct |
my answer, I have asked the question before, and I
have pondered it when I have not been answered, ;
and have yet been utterly unable to comprehend i
what is mean t by the aggression of the slave power. >
When a large majority of the States were sinvo- 1
holding, did they aggress on the non-slavcholding?
If they had not the temper and the purpose when
they had the power, how idle it is to speak of that
aggression as a danger now, when, if they had the
purpose, they have not the ability to perform it.
The slaveholding States, as such, are m a minor-
ity in the Government; they cannot pass laws;
and it struck me as strange indeed that the Sena-
tor, in his argument, should have pointed out as
an injury that this minority had held the control
of the Government and dictated its policy. Why,
sir, that might be a boast for a southern man. If
any one of my associates here were vain enough
to make it, he might boast that though in a mi-
nority still was ascribed to them the control of
the (Government, and the long list of illustrious
names which grace the annals of American his-
tory; born on and representing slaveholding terri-
tory, might even justify that vanity which i hope
never may be exhibited.
Thus the Senator goes on to represent the whole
Government as subservient to the slave power.
For what purpose? To dircct us in future legis-
lation; to enable us to confer together, to determ-
ine what is true and what is proper? or is it to
inflame the very prejudices which constitute the
groat danger to the trovernnient? I, sir, am not
disposed to be put in a false position in regard
to the question of future policy. 1 am not dis-
posed, because I have saia and am willing to re-
peat that I will not consent to have the Constitu-
tion perverted from the purpose for which it was
established, and placed in the hands of those who
avow that they will use it for our destruction, that
any man shall therefore say I desire to destroy
the Government which ouv fathers established.
As I look around on things which are passing,
my senses bring back to me increased despond-
ency instead of hope. With all we have suffered,
with the dark pall which hangs over our future,
I still have as my earnest and first desire the
preservation of our Government as our fathers
| formed it. If, with the evidence before us, the
; little hope which we may have had to preserve it
' in its original spirit and in the great purposes for
j which it was established, has grown less; if to see
j almost all the northern States separating them-
! selves m a presidential election as though they
i were providing to.single out the stars which should
! hereafter c^raee the llag of the Union brings to me
i increased apprehensions, they have not dimin-
j ished my desire to avert the catastrophe it por-
! tends, nor destroyed the love which I bear to the
1 flap; 1 have followed for so many years. They
j have rendered me in no wise unwilling to make
• further and, as far as honor and consistency per-
, mit, greater sacrifices for the maintenance of that
I Government which we inherited and which has
1 blessed us so much in the past.
i The disuniouists are those who undertake to
j sap the foundations upon which the Government
! stands; not those who seek to preserve them. The
; disuniomsts are those who undertake to destroy
| the Constitution, and diminish respectfor it m the
; breasts of Americans wherever they maybe. Can
i that be ascribed to the South ? Have we not stood
] behind the Constitution as a barrier ? have not our
j guns bristled through and over its ramparts r Have
! weeversoughttodemolish it? Andeananymanof
i common sense believe that now, when power has
! been truisferred to the North, the South would
1 seek to break down the barriers behind which she
has stood in the plenitude of her powers ? Reason
! refutes it; the history of the Government denies
j it; common sense in the mind of any man should
! prevent him supposing such a purpose. How,
| then, can a Senator be justified in seeking to lrn-
j.press up")n those not so well informed as himself
j the idea that we who sit here daily legislating
! under the Constitution and bound by our oaths to
j uphold it, are meditating how and when we will
I destroy the Government of which we nre a con-
stituent part?
! The Senator has referred to the language of
i G( meral Jackson, though he did not quote it cor-
rectly, when, on account of the nullifying ordi-
nance of South Carolina, ho said "the federal
Union must be preserved.5' It has been so com-
, mon in these denunciations of southern men and
southern acts to pervert everything, that the word
44 nullification M suggests the name of South Caro-
lina; and yet that gallant State is one of the
very few of the Old Thirteen which has never
nullified a law of the United States. Comes it well
from Massachusetts, that her Senator should here
arraign South Carolina, and point to the procla-
mation as indicating South Carolina's malfeasance,
because she issued an ordinance for nullification,
under conditions which never arose, of a law
which was fraudulently passed through Con-
gress, whilst Massachusetts stands forth boldly
nullifying laws, the constitutionality of which
cannot be questioned, and the dircct manner of
the passage of which leaves no loop-hole for an
excuse?
I have been drawn, Mr.President, by the course
of the Senator's remarks into that consideration
of the relation of individuals and sections and
States which I always prefer to avoid. I am not
to be considered as arraigning Massachusetts,
except in so far that I present her conduct to show
how unjust the arraignment of South Carolina ia
—no further. Massachusetts is a sovereign mem-
ber of the Union; her own policy is within her
own hands, and as long as she complies with her
obligatioi\to the Constitution, no one has a right
to gainsay her decisions. Whenever she does not,
she owes it to herself to withdraw from a Union,
the bond of which she has already broken. When
that case arises, she will decide for herself. I have
nothing to say as to it in anticipation.
But the Senator assumes something, it seems to
me, which it must be impossible for him to know.
He says the laws of New Mexico were passed at
the dictation of the Delegate from that Territory.
How is it possible for any man to know that? lie
says the Delegate acted under the direction of Mr.
Da vis, of Mississippi, of the House of Representa-
tives. Now, my friend and namesake, the Repre-
sentative from Mississippi, no doubt rejoiced in
those laws, and so do I; but I hardly think he would
have assumed to dircct the legislation of the Ter-
ritory. If he conversed with the Delegate, I have
no doubt he gave him his opinion m favor of
such legislation—-just such legislation as we have
a right to in every Territory for the protection of
a particular property, which is more liable than
any other to bo stolen away; just what honest
men would give to their neighbors anywhere. Sup-
pose there were no laws, and a man should come
into your neighborhood and say, 44 here I have a
particular species of property, for which I require
your aid to enable me to keep it;" would not hon-
est men give it to him? Would a man deserve
the name of neighbor in its good sense, who would
not give him whatever aid was within his power
to enable him to keep whatever kind of property
he had? That is my view of the obligation of
good neighborhood. The Senator may differ from
me about that. He does not answer.
Then, Mr. President, I answer to the Senator,
that until he is prepared to show something in
which the South have aggressed upon the Con-
stitution: until he is prepared to show that the
South, or any portion of it, desires to break up
the Government of the Constitution; he has no
right to talk of southern aggression, no right to
talk of disunion as an offense of the South. So
far as southern men have asserted their determ-
ination not to allow the Government to be per-
verted to their destruction and humiliation; so far
as they have proclaimed that they would main-
tain the rights they have inherited, and would die
as they were born, equals in the Union, I sym-
pathize and concur entirely with them; but to
arraign southern men for saying this much, as men
who seek to destroy the Constitution and the Gov-
ernment, is as unfair as it i« unfounded.
Mr. WILSON rose.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I renew my motion to
postpone the further consideration of this subject
until to-morrow.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will be allowed to go on.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. Mr.President, 1 desire to reply
to some of the remarks made by the Senator from
Mississippi: but as it is late, t am willing to ad-
journ until to-morrow.
Mr. DAYIS. I think no one objects to your
going on now.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator has opened some,
questions that I should like to reply to. I move
that the Senate adjourn. ["No!" 'cNo!v]
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
