153
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Gong. ... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. T&ombs.
[Marcli 7,
Senate.
want to interrupt him—is a very simple one, and
that,is, thatit is a mere prohibitory act, refusing,
in the first place, the use of the jails of the State
for the purpose of confining fugitive slaves, and
in- the next place, prohibiting the State officers in
their official capacity from executing the fugitive
slave law or having anything to do with the sub-
ject-matter. It does not apply to the citizens of
the State as such, nor to the office^ as citizens.
While the Legislature cannot undertake to say,
if the fugitive slave law is constitutional, that the
citizen or the officer as a citizen, shall not obey
the precept or the call of the United States officers,
it has a right to say that the officers of the State
shall not in their official capacity undertake £0 in-
terfere with tlie execution of that law. Why?
For the simple reason that, in the case of Prigg
vs. the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the Su-
preme Court of the United States themselves point
out that very course of proceeding. They admit,
in. that case, that a State has a rightto prohibit its
officers from executing or attempting to execute
the laws of the United States. They say that the
State laws have nothing to do with the subject-
matter'/'that as long as the States do not prohibit
their officers from interfering th'cy may execute
the Jaws of the United States; but that the States
have a right to prohibit their officers from inter-
fering; and that is what the State of Maine has
done, and nothing more.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the Senator's construc-
tion of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is all there is of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The intention of the act I take
to be the same as that of Massachusetts: that if
a person holding a State office attempts to execute
the fugitive slave law, he shall forfeit life office.
That is my construction of the act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not a correct con-
struction; not the construction that any judge
would give it.
Mr. TOOMBS. That would seem- to me to be
very clearly the motive and intent of the act; for
it does not say in their official action, and applies
to all officers of the State. Some of them could
npt by possibility have any official connection
with such cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No.
Mr. TOOMBS. In addition to other unfriendly
legislation, denying jails to carry out the fugitive
slave law, the State of Maine also emancipates
every slave which may be carried into the State
by the consent of the master, and fines the master
jl,000 or imprisons him a year for even '' attempt-
ing to exercise the, authority of a master over such
slave after he is so brought in." Is this consti-
tutional? Perhaps it is brotherly! The Repub-
lican party in the State of New York were clear
and distinct, and as I stated before, by a vote of
84 to 22 in the Assembly of that State, declared
that neither the act of 1793 nor the aet of 1850
should be executed in the State of New York.
The State of Michigan has gone to the same ex-
tent, at least, and further will seize a person and
put him in jail who passes through the State with
his slave in transitu. Maine does the same.
I say that, according to the plain reading of the
Constitution, according to its cotemporaneous
exposition, according to the judicial judgments of
the courts in the non-slavcholding and slavchold-
ing States, for seventy years, these State laws are
in clear and distinct violation of the compact; and
the Republican party 111 those States has passed
these laws. I say that, as our confederates, they
were under the obligation of good faith to aid, to
abet, to contribute all in their power to carry out
the compact; and not, by unfriendly legislation,
or legislation of any kind, to defeat the com-
pact.
But the Senator from Ohio says it was equally
a violation of constitutional obligation for me to
tell illy constituents that, when men who have
declared their purposes to be to legislate against
them everywhere, when men who have determ-
ined to drive them out of the Territories of the
United States, when men who have committed
these acts of war, shall obtain the control of this
Government, they should seek new safeguards
for their liberty, even to the pulling down of the
pillars of the temple. Sir, I have taken an oath
to support the Constitution here as a Senator,
in all of my official action. When I have done
that, my oath is kept sacred; as a citizen, I am
bound to support it everywhere, while it exists;
but when revolutions begin, constitutions end.
My first, my only allegiance, is due to Georgia.
When she pronounces for new safeguards for, her
liberties, duty, honor, and patriotism require me
to stand: by her colors. 1 shall then vacate my
seat here, and shall nolongerbe hound by a com-
pact which your party has ..annulled and disre-
garded, even when acting under its obligations.
If by such a course that Senator thinks I violate
my oath to the Constitution, I am quite sure he
and I can never agree upon the nature of such an
obligation. Sir, I was not educated in the school
of passive obedience. I will not maintain the
Union when the Constitution is overthrown. Obe-
dience to such a Union is treason to the Constitu-
tion. The cry of Union by those who subvert
the Constitution is simply adding hypocrisy ,to
treaehery. It will not intimidate me; it will de-
ceive none but co-conspirators in this ignomin-
ious work of attempting to overthrow the Consti-
tution by means of numbers, under the form of
law-, by fraud instead offeree. , I shall resist the
one, at the cull of my State, as soon as the other,
and rally around her bannerwhenever and where
ever it is thrown to the breeze.
The Senator seems unable to distinguish be-
tween such a course as this and the conduct of
those who, as members of State Legislatures,
under the sanctions of an oath to support the Con-
stitution, yet pass the laws which I have described
to defeat one of the plainest provisions of the
Constitution! Then it must be in vain for me to
argue with the gentleman from Ohio. Sir, I did
advise my constituents, upon the advent of this
Republican party to power in the national Gov-
ernment, to seek now safeguards for their peace,
their security, and the great rights attempted to
be secured, not created, by the Constitution. We
were free; we had liberty, and sovereignty, and
independence, before we had a Constitution; and
we shall have these blessings after the Black Re-
publicans have overthrown the Constitution, if we
deserve them. We have already been told, in
effect, by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] that but one thing remains to us; that
we arc already conquered; that it only remains to
us to submit quietly, or to have our institutions
overthrown by force. Have we not all heard it
proclaimed in these Halls ? We are not ready for
quiet submission. In the name of ten million
freemen in the South, I accept force. Let it come.
I am aware that you now lower your tone. You
wish to steal into the citadel byfraudand false pre-
tenses. Your hearts are now breaking for the
love of the Union, and overflowing with kindness
towards your southern brethren, so lately de-
nounced as robbers and men-stenlers. Do you
think we do not know who incited John Brown and
his associate Republicans to arson, treason, and
murder in Virginia? That we do not know who
furnished men and money to work underground
railroads ? That we are ignorant of who pass per-
sonal liberty bills, and their kindred legislative
abominations? "That we do not know who seek,
by riding over the Constitution and overthrowing
the judiciary, to drive us out of Territories pur-
| chased by our blood and treasure > We know
these men are not Democrats. We know that all
these criminals belong to the Black Republican
organization.
But, sir, the Senator from Ohio reproaches us
for our insecurity. He attributes it to our inse-
curity—to our domestic institutions. The history
| of the South shows the allegation to be wholly
unfounded. No society ever existed 011 the face
of the earth with greater peace, security, happi-
ness, contentment, and prosperity within itself
than have the people of the South. Since the Rev-
olution, wo have had no discord ill our social sys-
tem from within. Our only danger has been, and
now is, only from invasion from without. We
have never called on the Government for the first
: soldier or musket to protect our society from its
i own elements. The Abolitionists have been try-
| ing in vain for twenty years to excite insurrection
1 among our slaves, and discontent ^mong different
j classes of our people. They then attempted an
I actual invasion. That failed. They now seek to
effect their diabolical purposes by«elevating the
Republican party to power. This is the next as-
sault we are to prepare for.
Neither Shay's rebellion nor the whisky insur-
rection occurred in the slaveholding States; nor
have wo had any similar occurrences since the be-
ginning of the Government.
You say we have governed the country for sev-
enty years. Admit it to be true, and what higher
compliment can be paid to the "slave power,"
which you every day denounce? If we have con-
trolled the Government since 1789 till now, be-
hold the work of our hands! From thirteen
feeble colonies, with three million people, poor,
distracted, in debt at home and abroad, without
money, without credit, without commerce or man-
ufactures, and almost without agriculture, with-
out respect, almost without a name abroad, to-day
we present you thirty-three sovereign States, be-
sides our vast unsettled territory, with thirty mil-
lion inhabitants, the freest and most prosperous
upon the face of the earth; with a commerce, for-
eign and domestic, exceeding that of any other
nation; with a manufacturing industry excelled
by none, except Great Britain^ with an agricul-
tural industry, the pride of our own and the won-
der of all other people; commanding, and able to
command, the respect of all the nations of the
earth; without an enemy to our peace and pros-
perity, except the Black RppuljJican party! We
have maintained the true principles of the Consti-
tution. We have reconciled liberty with order;
maintained the public tranquillity , by striving for
equal justice to all men and all sections of our com-
mon country. You daily sing peans to our suc-
cess in this mighty work of the well-government
of a great country, and yet seek to wrest it from
those who you admit have achieved these grand
and unparalleled results. You seek to subvert
their policy, and substitute for it your own crude
and reckless theories, which have produced noth-
ing but discord in the past, and promise nothing
but ruin in the future. But, sir. 1 deny that these
great results have been produced by the South
alone. The admission is only made by them to
bring discredit upon the patriots and statesmen of
the lion-slaveholding States, who resist their ad-
vent to power. The grand results in behalf of
human liberty, progress,and happiness have been
achieved by the Democratic party. North and
South, who stood, and stand now, firmly by the
principles and the policy winch overthrew the
Federalists 111 1800, and who have battled against
their pernicious principles and policy to this day.
To all of these, all over the Republic, the honor
of this great work is due.
Sir, the Senator says Ohio and the other non-
slaveholding States desire nothing from this Gov-
ernment. That statement may be partially cor-
rect as to Ohio, but the records of this country
will not sustain it, either as to her or any of her
sister non-slaveholding States. But their records
sustain precisely the reverse of this statement. If
the South has governed this country, she has
served it with unselfish devotion. You may repeal,
obliteiate, burn up every law in the whole eleven
volumes of your laws, and not a human being in
my St^e would bo affected a single farthing in his
industrial pursuits, in his material interest; and
the statement is generally true of every State from
this to the Rio Grande. I have for fifteen year®
been an humble Representative of the people of
Georgia in your national-councils, and no man
in Georgia has ever asked me, or petitioned you
through me or others, as far as I know, to seek the
aid of your laws in his industrial pursuits; they
have sought 110 protection against competition at
home or abroad for their industry of any kind.
They have toiled in their fields and workshops;
in the forest and at their firesides; in their mines
and at their forges; in winter and summer, with-
out seeking or desiring at your hands any aid to
put their burden 011 other people's backs. They
have sought no exclusive privileges, no protec-
tion, no bounties, atyour'hands. They have paid
their taxes, fought the battles of their country,
and claim only at your hands the peaceful enjoy-
ment of the fruits of their own honest toil.
But this has not been the case with the. people
of the non-slaveholding States. From 1789 to
- this day, a continual, incessant cry has come up
