2542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
ceive from day to day demands from the various
post offices for Post Office blanks, sends them to
the General Post Office Department. Some of
them write two or three letters a day. Each of
these requests for Post Office blanks contains from
twelve to fifteen or twenty separate offices. If the
printer of the Post Office blanks was entitled to
make a charge of composition for each separate
order that was given, according to my interpreta-
tion of the law he would have as good a right to
charge for the fifteen or twenty offices included in
one order. The Senator has said that there was
no shadow of law for this charge. In that he is
mistaken; but I think it is an abuse that ought to
have been corrected long since in the Post Office
Department. 1 attribute the blame neither to the
•present Postmaster General nor his predecessor;
but there is blame somewhere in the office.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to say that, so far
as the present Postmaster General is concerned,
there is not the slightest evidence to show, or any
reason to suppose, that he knew anything about
this transaction. On the contrary, I have been
told that serious quarrels have arisen on account
of some abuses that he was in favor of reforming.
I make this statement lestitmight be inferred that
I was bringing charges against the present Post-
master General, which I am not. with regard
to the shadow of law to which the Senator alludes,
I will only say that taking out the name and
taking out the place are one and the same thing;
they are merely slipped out and slipped in. In
my opinion, it is a very violent construction of
the law which could make that little change of
name of the office, which is taken out precisely as
the name of the individual is, and does not oc-
cupy probably a moment, cover composition.
Iunderstandthatabouttwenty-five hundred was
the average quantity ordered at a time, though
sometimes smaller and sometimes larger orders
were given. The contract price for twenty-five
hundred blanks is $2 50. The amount actually
paid is $2 50, according to the law, and thirteen
dollars extra for composition, and this as often
as five or six times a day. At $15 50 for twenty-
five hundred blanks, the actual cost of printing
would be $620 per thousand, instead of one dollar
per thousand.
But, sir, there are smaller, and a great many
much smaller, orders given. One, as testified to
by Mr. Guest, was given out as low as one hun-
dred and fifty. Let us look at the cost of that.
The contract price would be fifteen cents; mid for
composition, as he swears, twelve dollars was
paid, making §12 15 for one hundred and fifty, or
at the rate of eighty-one dollars per thousand, by
tin's forced construction of the law.
I ask the Senator from Maryland if there is any
language too strong to characterize a matter of
that kind. I hold that there is not ; that it is done
in direct violation of law; that this contract was
let, in 1852, at precisely the same price that it
would cost to do the work now. There has been
no saving since 1852 in the expense of doing the
work. Adollar a thousand was afair price then,
and is now; and the law was as well guarded as
it could be to protcct the Treasury of the United
States from precisely such—I would use a mild
term if I could, but f cannot call it anything but
—fraud. If any Senator will suggest a milder
term that is proper, I will use it; but it looks to
me like an absolute, downright, fraudulent draft
on the Treasury of the United States.
The Senator from New York went thoroughly
over this ground yesterday. I shall not consume
time. I only wanted to fortify my own position
the other day, and to prove that, though I might
myself be ignorant, 1 was not the only ignorant
man; but I undertake to say there was just one
learned man on the floor, and that is the Senator
from Indiana. I would admit, if he were here,
that he knew all about it, from the beginning to
the end, every transaction, everything. I wish
he were here. I would admit he was a learned
man; but I do not believe there is another man
on this floor who will acknowledge that he knew
anything about the transactions herein set forth.
Mr. PEARCE. I have no intention of replying
to these calculations and argumentations about
the printing. It seems to be universally admitted
that there was some great abuse, and I think it is
very probable that parties who contracted for
doing these blanks have got more money than a
strict construction of the law would allow. No-
body here justifies that, and everybody approves
of the steps which Congress has taken m order
to reduce the prices of that printing. I shall have
nothing to say about it, therefore. One thing I
will say to the Senator, that I will make no ob-
jection at all to his amendment. These parties,
it seems, have received enormous prices for print-
ing these blanks, and if he persists in the motion
to strike out interest on the blanks, I shall make
no objection to it. They have had great profit
already, and I do not know that it is necessary to
give them interest.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in line sixty-one, to strike out " ten,"
and insert " fil'ty-four;" so as to make the clause
read :
For blanks, $54,000.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know why
this change is made.
Mr. PEARCE. The Postmaster General, in a
letter, has stated that the provision we passed on
the 15th of February, this session, will only oper-
ate on the first two quarters of the year. The
contracts for the blanks, at the prices established
by the act of 1852, were such that it will require
$54,000. The price may be reduced hereafter.
The blanks have been obtained for this service.
Mr. WILSON. I only wanted to be informed
about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance are disposed
of.
Mr. YULEE. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads directed me to move a
number of amendments to this bill; but I have
determined to withhold them, and await the bill
making appropriations for 1861, with the excep-
tion of a single one, which involves no appropri-
ation, and which it is desirable should pass now.
It will explain itself to the satisfaction of the
Senate, I have no doubt:
Jbul be itjurther enacted, That whenever any contractor
in the service of the Post Ortice Department shall, at any
time between the 3d day of March, 1859;:md the 1st day of
April, I860, have failed to perform the service agreeable to
the terms of his contract and the rules and regulations of
the Department, and the Postmaster General Khali bo satis-
fied, from the testimony before him, that such failure was
occasioned by tiie inability of the Department to make pay-
ment to such contractor for service performed under his
contract, growing out of the defeat of the appropriation hill
for the support ol the Department for the past year, then the
said Postmaster Geneial shall have power, by order, to re-
lieve and absolve such contractor from all the disabilities
and pecuniary responsibilities which, under existing laws
and regulations, would attach to syeh failure.
It is simply to relieve contractors from penalties
incurred by failures occasioned by the loss of the
appropriation bill. [" Question !"]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I had an amendment drawn
up to abolish the franking privilege, which I in-
tended to offer to this bill; but, at the request of
the committee, I will not do so. I notify the Sen-
ate that when the post route bill comes up, I will
offer it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ate concur in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole ?
Mr. GREEN. I ask for a separate vote on the
amendment in regard to a restoration of service.
[" Oh, no!"]
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. We shall then
have to lay the bill over, there are so many absent.
We have had a fair expression of opinion.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. That will be
settled on a committee of conference.
Mr. GREEN. I withdraw the call.
The amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. X give notice that to-morrow
I shall ask the Senate to take up the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Army.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
It is simply to refer some messages from the Pres-
ident to the appropriate committees. It will not
take an instant.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 1, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by. the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
CALL OF the HOUSE.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to the reading of
the Journal, unless a quorum is present; and as
there are but very few members here, I will move
that there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adrain, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashley, Ashmore,
Babbitt, Barksdale, Barrett, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Bou-
Iigny, Boyce, Branch, Brown, Biulingame, Burnett, Bur-
roughs, Butterfield,Horace F.Clark, John B.Clark, Clem-
ens, Clark B. Cochrane, Conkling, Cooper, Covode, Cox,
Curry, Reuben Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Dimmiek, Ed-
mundson, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Florence, Fouke, Frank,
(Jarnett, Gooeh, Grow, Haskin, Ilatton, Hawkins, Hill,
Hutchins, Jenkins, Keitt, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kilgore, Lamar, Leake, Logan, Love, Lovejoy,
Charles T>. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, McClernand, Mc-
Queen, Mcltae, Miles, Millward, Montgomery, Sydenham
Moore, Morse, Oiin, Palmer, Perry, Porter, Pugh, Rice,
James C. Robinson, Rust, Scott, Seranton, Sedgwick,
Sickles, Simms, Singleton, William N. H. Smith. Somes,
Stallworth, Train, Vallandigham, Van Wyck, Waldron,
Cadwaiader c. Washburn, Wliiteley, Wilson, Winslow,
and Woodruff.
During the call,
Mr. JACKSON stated that Mr. De Jarnette
had been called home on account of the illness of
Ins child.
Mr. EDGERTON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Hutchins, had paired off.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that Mr. Thomas had
paired with Mr. Grow, both gentlemen being en-
gaged on a committee of conference.
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Mouse was ab-
sent from the House in consequence of indispo-
sition.
Mr. HUGHES stated that he saw Mr. Barks-
dale and Mr. Singleton a short time since at-
tending to business in one of the public offices.
A quorum having appeared, on motion, all fur-
ther proceedings in the call were dispensed with.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, an^ct (H. R.
No. 656) to grant a pension to Mary J. Harris,
widow of Colonel Thomas L. Harris, deceased;
when the Speaker signed the same.
president's protest.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to make the resolutions of the Committee
on the Judiciary in relation to the protest of the
President the special order for Thursday and Fri-
day of next week.
There being no objection, the proposition was
agreed to.
COLORADO SURVEY.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to: -
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be icquested to
communicate to the Hou.-e the report of Lieutenant J. C.
Ive?, topographical engineer upon the survey of the Col-
orado river of the West.
CALIFORNIA CLAIMS.
Mr. BOTELER, by unanimous coffsent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved} That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
making compensation to the members of the board of offi-
cer* appointed to examine the claims contracted in Cali-
fornia by Lieutenant Colonel Fremont, in 1846 and 1847.
KIO HONDO CLAIMS.
Mr. LANDRUM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to revive the act approved March
3, 1823, and the act approved May 25,1824, sup-
