I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35?
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reelection of Senator Douglas—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
to the Capitol from them for protection, prohib-
ition, and bounties. Give, give, give, has been
the steady cry of New England; the middle States
of the North have been equally urgent. The fish-
erman has asked for bounties on his fish; the
ship-builder for prohibition against foreign com-
petition; the shipowner for navigation laws; the
manufacturer, the artisan, and the worker in mines,
has clamored for protection against " the pauper
labor of Europe." The Government has listened,
and granted their requests. And your statute-
book is filled with enactments responding to their
cries. There has been scarcely a blow struck
in any pursuit throughout the non-slavehoiding
States—in her mines, her forges, her workshops,
and her manufactories of ail kinds—for the last
forty years, which has not been fostered and
invigorated by a bounty, a prohibition, or pro-
tection of from fifteen to one hundred per cent, on
its products. Nineteen twentieths of the whole
legislation of Congress is for and on account of
non-slavcholding States Wc have asked none,
sought none. My business here, and that of my
colleagues from the South, has been chiefly to
mitigate your exactions. Day after day are we
reminded of the strong declaration of a distin-
guished Representative from South Carolina, that
he nor his constituents ever felt the Federal Gov-
ernment except by its exactions. Apart from the
protection which the very fact of living in a power-
ful Government gives us against foreign aggres-
sion, our portion of the benefits of the Federal
Government are difficult to estimate. We have not
generally complained of this inequality; our pur-
suits were different; we were.content that the great
interests of the country were benefited, though to
a large extent at our cost. As countrymen, we
listened kindly to your petitions to protect you
against your foreign competitors. We had none.
We were better satisfied, because the thing was
done under the name of paying taxes to Govern-
ment, and we had not been taught to consider
ourselves as aliens in your part of a common
country. This has changed. The fault lies not
at our door.
Far different would be the effect of such repeal
on northern industry. Every industrial pursuit
in the North felt its injurious effect. No more
bounties, no more prohibitions, no more protec-
tion, would be the death-knell of many branches
of their industiy; and, if the advocates of protec-
tion are to be relied on, injurious to all of them.
The Senator from Ohio is mistaken"; his reproach
that the South is always clmrioring for legislation
is unjust. We have not sought your aid; we have
constantly resisted the demands of the North
against us. Who demands Wilmot provisoes?
Who clamors for congressional intervention to
shape and control the institutions of the new Ter-
ritories ? Who demands the restoration of Mis-
souri restriction5 Not the South; not Demo-
crats; but Abolitionists. Wc ask you to deliver
up our fugitives from labor when they escape
from service. You refuse or defeat il. We ask
that all the people of all the States shall freely
enter all the common Territories with their prop-
erty, enjoy it in peace and quietunder the protec-
tion of a common Govei nment, until they shall be
severally matuied into States, and admitted into
the Union; and then we agree that, as sovereign
States, they may make their domestic policy such
as they please If they do not want African sla-
veiy, let them say so, and abolish it. You pre-
tend yqu will not interfere with our institutions
in the States. We do not believe you. It is true,
the Constitution forbids it; but you have shown
so utter a disregard of that instrument m refer-
ence to fugitive slaves, that we cannot trust your
loyalty. Why shall we believe that you would
be more faithful to the Constitution in the exer-
cise of Federal than of State power > The daily
conduct of the Black Republicans in the non-
slaveholding States is a standing refutation of
your declarations. For what object do you wish
to drive us from the Territories, except that there
shall be no more slave States? We have never
asked for a law to establish slavery in any Terri-
tory in the-United States. The Territories north-
west and south of the Ohio were cessions by ori-
ginal States of the Union, and were subject to the
contracts of cession, except a portion of Missis-
sippi, in which Congress only refused to prohibit
slavery in 1798.
When Louisana was acquired, there was no
prohibition from 1803 to 1820, when RufusKmg
and his Federal co-workers struggled to cxclude
Missouri from the Union, on account of slavery.
When Florida was acquired, theie was no prohi-
bfton. Eight slaveholding States came into the
Union without any legislation in favor of slavery
by Congress. They were only let alone, [twas
introduced, protected, and defended by the people
themselves, in their respective territorial govern-
ments. Yet we are accused of clamoring for Gov-
ernment aid to slavery. Never was there a more
unfounded charge against any people ! We ask
you to cease your warfare upon us, and comply
with your solemn constitutional obligations. For
that are we denounced as disunjonists. Well,
sir, that charge has no terrors for me; it will not
induce me to abate one jot or tittle of the just rights
of my countrymen. But, sir, after all, what a
huge imposition is this same Black Republican
party! They proclaim every day their detestation
and horror of slavery. They despise it, they
loathe it, denounce it as against the laws of God
and of nature and of the Declaration of Independ-
ence. Besides that, they will have no more of it;
but if any one even suggests the possibility of
cutting them loose from tins body of death, what
a patriotic rage do they manifest! Oh, no! they
will die first. They hug the putrid carcass to their
bosoms, and threaten us with {S eighteen million "
Black Republicans, carrying death and slaughter
into the peaceful abodes of their deliverers. If
they believed half they say, they ought to be for
disunion. They should struggle continually to
be relieved from this "covenant with death, this
league with hell." They seem to have precisely
enough of the " sum of all villainies," and they
will perish ere they will part with one sixteenth
part of a hair of it. There is no harmony between
their professions and their conduct; this argues
hypocrisy, not sincerity. If you honestly wish
to relieve your souls from the guilt of complicity
with slaveholding, say so with manly firmness.
We will give you a discharge whenever you
want it.
Mr. WADE. I have only a word to sav in
reply. The Senator, it seems, predicated all his
anathemas in regard to Ohio, upon a conflict of
jurisdiction between a Federal court and a State
court on a point of law. I think you cannot
make nvery serious case against the people of the
State of Olno on such a simple foundation as that.
Conflicts of jurisdiction will always arise in this
Government, because it is almost impossible to
define accurately the respective powers of the State
and the Federal Governments; and, just on the
boundary line between them, the Senator from
Georgians lawyer enough to know that courts have
differed and always will differ. That was the case
he cited, and that was all there was of it. There
are too many causes for courts to differ, to impute
any bad motives to either party to such conflict.
In my opinion, the case is perfectly clear m favor
of the State court; but Judg;e L#avitt is one of
those packed judges of whom I spoke, that de-
cides according as his creators created him to
decide. That is about all there was of that.
As for Ohio coming here and calling for any
money out of the Treasury, I think the Senator
can hardly say that she has been very often here
for tliar or any other purpose. Let heralone,and
she is well content. As to the talk of dissolving
the Union, I have nothing to say. You may talk
about the South going out, but I can sec well
enough that she never will go out. I see with
perfect clearness that wc must live together
whether we will or no^. We cannot get a divorce.
If you go out, your States will be left occupying
the same relations to us as now; and whether
the Union existed or not, the same controversies
would arise, nnd, perhaps, in a much more aggra-
vated form than they do now. You may say:
" let us gooff if you do not like our institutions,"
but there is no letting go. You may not like us,
but you cannot get rid of us. We are to live to-
gether eternally, and I think we had better try to
live quietly. That is about all I want to say. I
do not think the Senator made out much of a ease,
first or last.
RE-ELECTION OF SENATOR DOUGLAS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. KELLOGG-,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
. March 13, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, said;
Mr. Chairman: At an early day in this session
of Congress I felt it my duty to reply to what I
deemed'a violent and gross attack upon me by
the editor of the New York Tribune. Duringmy
remarks, I mentioned, in connection with Mr.
Greeley, the editor of that paper, the name of
Judge Douglas,placing them,as it was claimed,
by inference, m political connection. My object
then was only to rebuke Mr. Greeley for his as-
saultupon me, and to place him in what I esteemed
his true position before the country, in relation
to, and connection with, the political campaign in
Illinois in 1858.
[Mr. Covode being about to leave the Hall, Mr.
Kellogg said: I hope my friend from Pennsyl-
vania will not leave the Hall, as I shall refer to
him during my remarks, and direct his attention
to some points that 1 shall suggest, and ask of
him a statement in relation thereto.]
"This object alone induced the charge I made in
my former remarks. In those remarks I made
this statement;
"That Mr. Groeley was, again and again, with others, ill
consultation in the parjor of Judge Douglas, planning and
schemin" the election of Judge Douglas to the Senate of
the United States from the State of Illinois."
That is the language of my proposition, after I
had been requested to restate it in definite lan-
guage. This language is plain, and beyond con-
troversy as to its construction. I have sought the
fioor on this occasion for the purpose of making
good that statement; I have sought it for the pur-
pose of presenting such proofs and arguments as
1 may, to sustain the promise that I made on the
second day after that, that I would present my
proofs in due and proper time after the House
should be organized.
Mr. Chairman, I am anxious to deal fairly in
this matter, and to give this assertion of mine its
full, proper, and just scope and construction. I
wish to take nothing by narrowing down this
issue. I wish to state it clearly; to meet it fairly;
and I propose to do it now7. The proposition I
made was, substantially, that there was a disposi-
tion upon the part of Greeley and other Republi-
cans to secure the election of Judge DviHi las to the
Senate of the United States; and my colleagues
on the other side of this House, I understand, hold
that, by implication and fair construction, Judge
Douglas was charged as assenting thereto, by
reason of the allegation that the conferences were
held in his house. Now, that is as full and fair a
statement of the case as my colleagues or any other
gentleman can ask'me to make. In other words,
1 assumed that there was an attempted coalition
between Greeley, other Republicans, and Judge
Douglas, to secure his (Douglas's) reelection to
the Senate. I was surprised, I confess, that the
friends of Judge Douglas should have taken the
alarm; and that they should have thought it ne-
cessary to take upon themselves the defense of
Mr. Greeley; and I was surprised when Judge
Douglas sent his letter here denying the state-
ment that I had made, unless they considered that
any connection with Mr. Greeley was so infa-
mous as to require of him at once to repel an im-
putation so foul, and therefore deny the intimation
that Greeley could have been working to secure
his (Douglas's) reelection. But now,sir, to the
proofs.
With a view to a full and proper understanding
of this matter, and in order that wc may not be
deceived in relation to our deductions and con-
clusions, it is important that we should appreciate
the exactposition of Judge Douglas at that time,
as well as the position of those whom I charge
were confederating with him. I assume, then,
sir, that Judge DouGLAS,duringthat winter, was a
candidate for United States Senator from the State
of Illinois. I propose to show that he was known
to "be a candidate for the Senate of the United
