2544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1.
trict, to secure the election of Mr. Scranton to the present
House, I have selected from a iist of witnesses, comprising
some thirty names, these eight persons, for whom I desire
subpcnas. The investigation of this matter h covered, in
my opinion, by the second resolution submitted to this com-
mittee.
Mr. Train. I have no objection, after the majority of
the committee have closed the investigation as far as they
desire to go, to go into any inquiries upon the suggestion
of Governor Winslow or Mr. Robinson, which are prop-
erly within the scope of the resolution under which we are
acting- But at present I decline to vote in favor of the
motion of Governor Winslow.
Mr. Robinson. As I have said once before, I have great
doubts whether we have any right—indeed I am satisfied
we have no right—to investigate the expenditure of moneys
by private parties m elections. But m this case, as our
investigations heretofore have been given a pretty wide
range, I will vote in favor of subpenaing those witnesses.
When they are here, if Governor Winslow, or any other
memher of the committee, becomes satisfied, and will so
state to the committee, that the moneys that have bpen so
spent can be traced back to any parties connected with the
Government, and show that it was Government money, T
will insist upon then examination; otheiwitse I shall op-
pose it. At present f will vote in favor of subpenaing tiie
witnesses.
The Chairman. I will vote myself for subpenaingthem,
if Governor Winslow will state that he can trace the money
back to the Government or to Government officers. As
Mr. Scranton is now here, I am willing to subpena him,
and get his explanation as a starting point.
Mr. Winslow asked for the yeas and nays on his motion
to have the foregoing named persons subpenaed as wit-
nesses.
The yeaa and nays being taken, resulted as follows -yeas
2, nays 2:
Yeas—Messrs. Winslow and Robinson—2.
Nays—The Chairman ami Mr. Train—2.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Winslow. I ask that this matter be referred to the
House, that they may advise us upon the subject.
Mr. Train. I object to that. I do not think the House
has anything to do with it.
Mr. Winslow. I desire to make an application to the
IIousc, by the consent of the committee, to have these
witnesses subpenaed.
Mr. Robinson. I think myself that better be done.
Mr. Winslow asked for the yeas and nays upon his mo-
tion to submit this matter to the IIousc.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted as follows—yeas
2, nays 2:
Yk as—Messrs. Winslow and Robinson—2.
Nays—The Chairman and Mr. Train—2.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Winslow. I move that subpenas he issued for the
following persons : William McMullen, William B. Reed,
William S. Kelly, Thomas Kearns, John Hagan, David
Cook, and H. Marley Van Horn, of Philadelphia. By these
witnesses, I desire to prove bribery of the officers of elec-
tions, and bribery of the electors in Philadelphia, in«the
fail ejection of 1856.
The Chairman. I have no objection to subpenaing a
ponion of them ; but it has not been our habit to subpena
so many witnesses for a particular matter, and I object to
putting the Government to all this expense.
Mr. wiNSLOwcalled for the yeas and nay#; which being
taken, resulted as follows—yeas 2, nays 2 :
Yeas—Messrs. Winslow and Kobmson—2.
Nays—The Chairman and Mr. Tram—2.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Winslow. 1 move for subpenas for the following
poisons:
Richard Golden, Edward J. Keenan, Alexander Johnson,
jr., Greensboro5, Pennsylvania; James F. Nelson, John W.
Reddell, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania. I am informed that these
persons can ptove the expenditure of money in tlie con-
gressional election m the Westmorland distiict of Penn-
sylvania.
The Chairman. I have a personal knowledge of that
matter, and that these men have no connection with the
Government whatever.
Mr. Winslow asked forthe yeas and nays; which being
taken, resulted as follows—yeas 2, nays 2:
Yeas—Messrs. Winslow and Robinson—2.
Nays—The Chairman and Mr. Train—2.
The motion was not agreed to.
Subsequently, when Frederick Englc was called on the
stand,
Mr. Winslow asked the clerk if there was any record
showing that the committee had directed Mi. Engle to be
summoned. To which the clerk of the committee replied
that there was no record of the kind.
Thursday, May 31, 1860.
Mr. Winslow moved that he be permitted to have a copy
of to much of the journal of the committee of yesterday as
relates to the summoning of witnesses, to be used by him ui
the House, should he find it necessary.
The motion was agreed to.
I certify that the foregoing is a true copy.
WM. BLAIR LORD,
Stenographer of Select Committee.
W ashinoton, May 31, i860.
Mr. HOUSTON. As I understand the matter,
it is proposed to summon three or four witnesses
co prove corruption and fraud in the Westmore-
land congressional district, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, I would like to know who is the Rep-
resentative in this House of that district.
Mr. WINSLOW. I believe, though I am not
very much acquainted with the geography of
Pennsylvania, that that district is represented by
the chairman of the committee, [Mr. Covode,!
Mr. COVODE. I am always ready to give the
gentleman from Alabama full information upon
any subject before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the gentleman is;
but I did not ask him, I asked the gentleman from
North Carolina. I do not thank the gentleman
for information 'when I c^n get it from a better
source.
Mr. WINSLOW. Permit me to answer that
question; but before I do so, I will say I do not
know what the evidence of those witnesses will
be; but I thought it due to examine them.
I shall, after a few remarks, submit a resolu-
tion, instructing the Speakerof the House to issue
a subpena for the witnesses'named in that record.
My healtlf, however, is very feeble, and I shall be
unable to say much upon this subject. I was ap-
pointed by you, Mr. Speaker, without any solicit-
ation of my own, and, during my absence from
this city, in the month of March last, a member
of this committee. I always feel embarrassed in
speaking of this committee; and as I do not know
what to style it, I hope I shall not be considered
disrespectful when I call it the "Covode" com-
mittee, for it is known by that name throughout
the whole country; and 1 can arrive at it other-
wise only by circumlocution. I am very much in
the condition of a gentleman from Alabama, about
whom a friend of mine, just returned from Ala-
bama, relates an anecdote. Having seen a great
deal in the papers about this Covoae committee,
he seriously asked my friend what sort of a thing
a " Covode" was. [Laughter.] He thought it
was something like a Dahlgren gun, or something
of that kind, or some great patent, the merits of
which the House had under investigation. I sup-
pose, therefore, that I shall be excused if I term
the committee the Covode committee. I now ask
that the second resolution under which this com-
mittee was raised be read by the Clerk:
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
lcRe$olved further, That as the President, in his letter to
the Pittsburg centennial celebration of the2oth of Novem-
ber, 1858, speaks of ' the employment of money to carry
elections/ said committee shall inquire into and ascer-
tain the amount so used in Pennsylvania, and any other
State or States, and in what district it was expended, and
by whom, and by whose authority it was done, and from
what sources the money was derived, and report tlie names
of the parties implicated; and, for the purposes aforesaid,
said committee shall have power to send for persons and
papers, and to report at any time."
Mr. WINSLOW. Now it will be seen that
the resolution is a broad one, attacking nobody,
neither the Administration nor any member of it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Will the gen-
tleman allow mc to ask one question ?
Mr. WINSLOW. Not just now. My health
is bad, and I shall not be able to occupy the floor
long. The resolution sets out that, in consequence
of a letter written by the President of the United
States to the Pittsourg centennial celebration,
the committee shall inquire into the use of money
in any part of the country, Pennsylvania, or any
other State or States, in regard to"influencing elec-
tions. With what view the House instituted the
inquiry, I do not know, unless they expected the
committee to report to the House some measure
by which this evil, if there be such an evil, may
be obviated. However that may be, under that
resolution I hold that it would be proper for the
committee to summon, from any quarter of the
country, witnesses bearing upon that point of the
investigation. It will be remembered that the first
of the series of resolutions which I asked to be
read touches the matter which this House has the
right to examine. I said in a minority report I
submitted to the House, a few days ago, that this
House has no right to inquire into the expendi-
ture of money about elections, because that sub-
ject was entirely under the control of the State
governments. But I said that there was a class
of cases into which the House could legitimately
inquire, and that was where it touched the rights
of members upon this floor to seats here.
The witnesses then first proposed to be exam-
ined were upon the tenure by which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scranton] holds
his seat here; and, in regard to him, I wish now
to state, in justice to myself, that I know nothing
about the facts, but that I thought it due to him
that they should be inquired into; and I must con-
fess my astonishment when I found that the gen-
tlemen of his own party upon that committee re-
fused that investigation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman allow
me to make one remark here?
Mr. WINSLOW. Not at present. The po-
sition taken by the chairman of the committee
was, that the witnesses were not Government
officers, and that until it could be established that
they were such, it was not competent to summon
them before the committee. Now, I submit to
every fair minded man, that the resolution under
which the committee act has nothing to do with
the Government, except so far as the Government
itself might be concerned in this matter of inter-
ference in elections; that it embraces elections
through the whole country by any and all par-
ties. I therefore insist that i was entitled to a
subpena.
The next case was*in reference to a matter an-
nounced in a letter from Pennsylvania—the open
bribery of the inspectors of elections. It was not
even stated, in the application to have that matter
examined, who those inspectors were; whether
they belonged to the Democratic or to the Repub-
lican party. For my own part, I was disposed to
expose corruptions in any and all quarters, where
ever found, whetheramong my party or the other
party.
In that case the chairman was so liberal and so
good as to permit mc to summon a few witnesses,
provided I would show that they were Govern-
ment officers. That I could not do, since I was
ignorant of the fact.
My other colleague upon the committee, from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Train,] I think under a
misapprehension of this whole matter, puts his
opposition upon an extraordinary ground. I
know him to be a liberal gentleman, and 1 pre-
sume in that spirit of liberality he was willing to
accord me this boon—that when the chairman of
the committee should get through in making out
his case he believed I should be permitted to re-
ply.
This is treating this subject not as an exam-
ination by a committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, but by partisans, and giving it what I
conceive to be a partisan coloring, and shows that
the entire object of this whole affair was to make,
political capital against the party to which I be-
long. They put it upon the ground that when
they get done, J, supposed to be acting for the
defendant in this case, might call witnesses in re-
ply. This application was made in April; now it
is June, and a resolution has passed to adjourn on
the 18th of this month. If this course is pursued,
the matter will be delayed so late that it may,
possibly, amount to an absolute prohibition. And
although it may be supposed a breach of that
courtesy which exists among gentlemen, I hold it
my duty to myself and to the House to state a
remark made by the chairman of the committee
m open session of the committee—it might per-
haps been said jocosely, but if it was, it was in
bad taste. The remark was to the effect that wit-
nesses, and the most important of ^11, were held
up to be examined at so late an hour to make
a case against the Administration that could not
be replied to. Under ordinary circumstances, I
would not.permit myself to state these facts, but
when an outrage like this is perpetrated on the
Administration, I think it my duty to bring every
circumstance to bear upon it that may show the
quo animo in the matter. So far from the princi-
ple of confining the examination to Government
officers being applied, I know that there have
been some witnesses examined, whose names I
am unable at this moment to state, who were in
no way connected with the Government, and who
could in no sense be considered Government of-
ficers—
Mr. COVODE. I hope my colleague will give
the names of one or two of them.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have just stated, in my
colleague's hearing, that I do not know their
names, and therefore spoke with some hesitation.
But I rather think Mr. Schnabel is not p. Govern-
ment officer. My colleague will endeavor to get
over that by saying that he would investigate no
charge except against a Government officer; but
it will be observed, from the reading of the rec-
ord, that he is willing that I shall summon cer-
tain witnesses of the second lot, provided I tell
him they aie officers of the Government. Mr.
Schnabel is not an officer of the Government; and
1 have no doubt that twenty or thirty other wit-
nesses, not Government officers, have been ex-
amined. Indeed, a gentleman has been examined
to-day, who is not only not an officer of the Gov-
