158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reelection of Senator Douglas—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
States during the session of Congress in which
the Leeompton constitution was discussed. The
proof I shall pvesent of that fact will be drawn
from the records of this House, as they are found
compiled in the Congressional Globe. And I
desire to say that, in reading extracts from the
speeches of the honorable memberfrom Virginia,
[Mr. Smith,] and the honorable member from
Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] I have only in view
the establishing of 'the fact that Judge Douglas
was known to be a candidate for the Senate 01 the
United States. His term in that body was then
about expiring; and further, when these confer-
ences and political meetings were held; it was
known on the part of Republicans that he was a
candidate, and that lie was doubly anxious for a
reelection, because of the peculiar relation ho then
held to the Democratic party.
Mr. Chairman, I read from the Congressional
Globe of March,.1858. Mr. Smith, of Virginia,
says:
" I stated on that occasion, arid my purpose is to repeat
with, if possible, more distinctness than then, that after
this Congress had commenced its session—I do riot recol-
lect the exacttime—in a free conversation on public ques-
tions with the honorable gentleman fjonj Jllinois, he stated
to me distinctly, explicitly, and precisely, according to my
present recollection and my past recollection, that the Illi-
nois delegation hold a confidence as to the policy that a
distinguished Senator—Judge Douglas—should pursue on
tins f jccompton qiu^tion, with a view to securing his re-
election to the rienato of the United States, and thakthe
one he ha* pursued was deemed the only course by winch
he could hope to effect it. I have >aid thn in private con-
versation on vaiious occasions, it vv<^ the icsult of a very
distinct recollection J stated this yesterday ; and I icpeat
it to-day as my recollection—a recollection cleai, distinct,
and cmphatic."
The gentleman referred to was Mr. Morris,
of Illinois, as reported in the Globe. Again, sir,
I read from the remarks made oil the same day
by Mr. Burnett, of Kentucky. He said:
" He commenced by speaking of the position which had
been taken by the distinguished "Senator horn Illinois, and
by his colleagues in this House, upon the Kansas question.
I understood him distinctly to say that, upon a conference
of the friends of Judge Dotuu.as, (the friends fioni Illinois,)
it had been agreed that he should take the course he has
pursued in leieicnee to the Kansas question, as the only
means by winch he could sustain hin^elt at home;. That
unless he did take that oom<e, he would not only inevita-
bly suffer defeat at home himself, but his IrieiuH would fall
with him.''
Mr. LOGAN. "Will the gentleman allow me?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will yield for
a question.
Mr. LOGAN. Do you not know that that state-
ment was denied upon this floor by Mr. Morris,
of Illinois, and by Judge Marshall, who repre-
sented the district I now represent?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Whcninterrupted
I was just about making that statement.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to say farther, that I do
not care who made the statement that there was
ever a conference of the Illinois delegation in ref-
erence to the course of action by Judge Douglas
on the Leeompton question, at any time—T, of
course, know nothing of the matter myself, not
being: here—it was denied here upon this floor;
and I am satisfied that it was utterly untrue and
false. I will state that I knew the course Judge
Douglas would take, long previous to his coming
to the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
must excuse me, but I cannot yield any more of
my time. That is not the point I am making.
Mr. LOGAN. I only want to got in here that,
so far as any understanding of that kind is con-
cerned,!! is wholly untrue; I do not care who
made the statement.
Mr.- KELLOGG, of Illinois. When my col-
league inteirupted me, I was about to make a state-
ment as to the matter to which he has referred. I
have no disposition to enter into any diiliculty
winch has aiiscn, or may arise, between the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, and my colleagues. I was in the House at
the time, and heard all that transpired. I know
that Mr. Morris, of Illinois, and his Democratic
colleagues, did deny that there had been any con-
ference, whereupon the statement I have read was
made. Mr. Morris, of Illinois, denied it in em-
phatic terms. Mr. Smith, of Virginia, made his
statement; and Mr. Burnett, of Kentucky, made
his, in corroboration of it.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is immaterial to my pur-
pose. I make no issue on that point. I have
read these extracts for the sole object of showing
that Judge Douglas was a candidate, and known
to be a candidate, for the Senate of the United
States. That proposition I have never heard de-
nied. It was not denied then, and I presume that
it will not be denied now. I wish to make these
propositions fairly, and there is no desire on i®y
part to bring up matters outside of this case. I
only feel called upon to vindicate my own posi-
tion.
Now, sir, having thus shown that Judge Doug-
las was a candidate for the Senate, 1 propose to
show that there were conferences at his house.
1 do not, however, esteem it important to the dis-
cussion of this question, whether they were at
his house or not; for, sir, I think this will make
no difference as to the fact, whether, if any coali-
tion took place," it was made at a hotel, in his own
house, in his library, or upon the street corners.
The point here is: did Republicans seek to make
a coalition with Judge Douglas? That is the
point I am after. I will now attempt to prove it,
and to show that Judge Douglas was a party to
that attempted coalition.
Mr. Chairman, let me inquire how much time
I have left?
The CHAIRMAN. Your time expires at
twenty-six minutes to four o'clock. You have
been occupying the floor now about fifteen min-
utes.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It way be, sir,
that I shall be unable to get through in the hour
allotted me under the rules. I will try to do so.
The first evidence I bring in proof that there
were political conferences at the house of Judge
i Douglas is the letter that my colleague [Mr. Mor-
ris] procured to be read at the Clerk's desk, and
wlueli is now a part of the record of the country.
It is the letter Mr. Greeley addressed to me. It
seems that I had brought down upon me the an-
athema of Horace Greeley, of the New YorkTrib-
une, for an act of mine during this Congress, and
one which I believed I had the right, and it was
my duty, to perform.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man permit me to interrupt him?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I would rather
not. I have hardly time enough to say all that I
desire to.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I wish only to
suggest, that if the gentleman will consent, I will
move that the committee rise, in order that he
may go on with his remarks to-morrow. [Cries
of "No!" "No!"l
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 1 will go on with
my remarks as far as I can this evening. I am
much obliged to the gentleman from Missouri for
his kindness.
Mr. Chairman,before I refer to this letter, how-
ever, I wish to say, that in that long letter, ad-
dressed to me, there was much which I esteem
scurrilous, unbecoming the pen or tongue of a
gentleman of his position. I pass over that, be-
cause it refers solely to myself and to my con-
stituents, and tiiat matter I will not bring before
this House. I will settle that with my constitu-
ents; they will scrutinize my conduct. And let
me here say, that if I have not a securer lodge-
ment in the hearts of my constituents than has
Mr. Horace Greeley. 1 will not ask to come back
to Congress again. I read from his letter:
" Senator Doroi.as and I have been acquaintances for ten
jears or more, during which tune each has given and taken
I hard blows, but 1 tnK no tbui ones. J am willing to call
| the account balanced, if he is. Once only in our lives did
i we agree on a political que-tion—that ot ie-?i-ti g the at-
i tempt to force an abhoued constitution on the people of
! Kansas. Dunns: the struggle on that point, I was called to
j Washington, and wont t<  his house, whcic we had two
j convocations on pending political topics. There was at
, lea^t one witness in each instance, and that witness is now
i a llepublieanmemberol thellouse. Never before norsmee
, have Mr. Docolas and I conversed on politics, save as
i opponents ; and on that occasion I am glad to have a wit-
j no-:-. to confirm my own clear recollection that Mr. Doug-
las's reelection to the Senate, or his future election to any
[ post whatovei, was not even mentioned- And never dul
| any letter, message, or word pass betwee/i us implying a
| desnc on his part that I should, or a piomise on mine that
1 I would, suppoit him, at any time, for any office whatever.
And whoever has at anytime reported to j ou aught i-ncon-
; si&tcnt with this, mu-t have drawn on his imagination lor
j his facts, or be laboring under the grossest lmsapprehen-
i sion.
" Mr. Kellogg, there is just one remaining tie of sym-
pathy between Senator Douglas and myself, now that the
old relations of political antagonism between us are com-
pletely reestablished. I detest his doctrines, hut I like his
pluck. Had he signed, ever so heedlessly, a circular rec-
ommending Tom Paine's Age of Reason, you would never
have found him prevaiicating, nor apologizing, nor '' ^re-
eating; he would have simply and coolly told his aver-
saries to make the most of it. Oh that some Republicans
could be not merely almost, but altogether such as he is in
this respect, however unlike in every other I
"HORACE GREELEY."
Mr. Chairman, this declaration of Horace
Greeley has additional force from the fact that my
colleague [Mr. Morris] has placed it upon the rec-
ords as evidence against me, and therefore he is
estopped from denying all it proves. What docs
it prove? It establishes the fact by irresistible
inference that Judge Douglas, known to be a can-
didate for the United States Senate, and known
to be at that time in opposition to a large portion
of the Democratic party, induced Mr. Greeley to
come to Washington for the purpose of political
consultation; and that he went to the house of the
Senator, upon two several occasions, upon such
missions. I ask you if there was no meeting at
his house for the pu,rpose|of political consulta-
tion ? If there was not, then this letter does not
speak the truth. And now, sir, let any honest
man answer to himself, who called Greeley to
Washington; and why, immediately after his ar-
rival, he went to the house of Judge Douglas, and
did not find his ultimate destination upon that
mission of coalition until he reached the Senator's
parlor ? and he will answer to his own heart that
it was as I have indicated. Twice was he there
on political consultation with Mr. Douglas.
Mr. LARRABEE. I would ask the gentle-
man if he thinks Brigham Young sent for Horace
Greeley to come to his home when he went there ?
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
seems troubled. I tell him this is but a drop in
the bucket.
Mr. LARRABEE. Let us have the balance.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. This is but one
link in the chain of-evidonce which I have to offer.
It is said in this letter that there were more in that
conference—at least one Republican member of
Congress, and by fair intendment more; it was
more than a meeting of Doug la sand Greeley upon
each of those occasions. Who were they? Let
him who knows best answer. Let Judge Doug-
las tell you how many Republicans were there.
I have shown, by their own evidence, that there
were two more, and, by fair inference more; but
who they were does not appear. ~ it is true, that
Greeley says that he never promised to support
Douglas. I never said he did. But I do say
they were preparing for that result, and paving
the way that led to his willing and hearty sup-
port. What was the object and motive of this
meeting, if not for the purpose I have stated 5 No
i other rational solution of the matter can be given.
It was a conference upon political subjects, and
had no other significance. I do not propose to
say that I can prove that there was a direct pledge;
they know each other too well, perhaps, for that.
Perhaps Greeley never said to Douglas, "I will
support you." Perhaps Douglas never said to
Greeley, "you must aid me in my election."
But they were in political conference, Judge Doug-
las being a candidate for reelection. And now,
having proved that there was a meeting there
upon that subject, I shall prove, by the fruits of
that meeting, its real motives—it always being a
i safe rule to judge a tree by its fruits—and that
! the immediate object was to find out the exact
! status of Mr. Douglas on the exciting political
questions of the day, which he was willing to dis-
close, as will hereafter appear, that their future
action might be with reference to it.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Kellogg] asks who were the Republicans
present. Does he want an answer to that ques-
! don?
[ Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. If the gentleman
; desires to tell, and will tell all, I will give way.
! Several Members. Let him tell.
| Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Thisisgettinga
j little interesting now, and I want it set right. If
i the gentleman will state, as I will ask him to state,
; all that transpired between himself and Judge
i Douglas, in relation to the coalition with the Re-
