1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do nottvish to introduce
the names of gentlemen upon this floor; but I will
ask the gentleman if that information was not
conveyed to him ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Wot within the
time you speak of, to my knowledge.
Mr. SHERMAN. Within what time ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I do not remem-
ber.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was within a very short
time after the introduction to the resolution.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It was not con-
veyed to me until after the gentleman from Ohio
had spoken to the resolution.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from Ohio is
mistaken in supposing that I intentionally omitted
to state that fact. It seems to have been a pri-
vate communication, and therefore not within my
knowledge. Grant it all, and it does not touch the
question. He says it was a mcnace, and that
he did not make the statement to the gentleman
from Missouri, but to a gentleman from Virginia.
Yet, touching this point that he did make an ex-
planation to the reigestce, would it have been greater
degradation to make an explanation on the whole
subject ?
Now, sir, I intend to-day to discuss some posi-
tions assumed by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Corivin] yesterday and the day before, to repel
many of his. arguments, and to correct many of
his historical misapprehensions. In order, how-
ever, to understand clearly my own relations to
the aspects of this case, I would be glad, if that
gentleman is here, to get an answer from him upon
two or three points. The candor of the member,
the fairness which he manifested in stating his
opinions, certainly induces me to think that we
will understand each other without difficulty.
I understood the gentleman yesterday to say
that slavery was a creature of local law; that it
could go into no Territory except by positive
legislation; that, that legislation would not be
rightfully exercised by the Legislature of a Ter-
ritoiy, nor was it in conformity with the Consti-
tution that it should be so exercised; but that it
should be exercised by the Congress of the United
States. He said, too, if exercised there it would
be exercised at the tail of carts; that the debate
would be among a band of adventurers; and he
said, also, that wherever the white mail could
work best, he would give him the country; that
where the slave could work best, there he shall
go, and shall be made to work. He said, also,
that slavery is the creature of local law, and
could not go to the Territories exceptby positive
legislation, and that that legislation must be here.
I wish to know, if there be a Territory adapted to
slavery, from climate and from physical geogra-
phy, whether ho, as a member of Congress, will
vote for a bill protecting slavery there ?
Mr. CORWIN. I believe the gentleman has
stated correctly, with a single exception, what I
stated yesterday. I did assert that, in my judg-
ment, slavery was the creature of local law; that
it could exist nowhere without it. I meant by
that, local usage, if I may use the term, or by pos-
itive statute now. I meant to say that the Con-
gress of the United States, in my judgment, was
the only legislative body under our system_ to
make laws for the Territories. I then, in addition
to that, said that I thought this the best tribunal
before which to discuss the question as to whether
slavery was proper to go here or there.
The gentleman puts to me a particular question
as to how I would vote. Whenever that question
comes up, everybody must see that it must bead-
dressed to the discretion of every gentleman upon
this floor. I say, for myself, that if you have ac-
quired teiritoiy, or will acquirc territory, in which
the white man cannot work, I will allow owners
of slaves in the States to go there with their slaves;
and, if necessary, I would vote to protect them
there. .
Mr. KEITT. There is another point to which
I desire to call the attention of the gentleman be-
fore £ proceed to my argument. I understood him
yesterday to say that the Supreme Court was the
final arbiter upon all questions of constitutional
law, and upon all laws made by Cong;rcss in pur-
suance of the Constitution, and that its decisions
must be submitted to. I desire to know if I un-
' del-stood the gentleman correctly.
Mr. CORWIN. I helieve the gentleman did un-
derstand me correctly upon that point; but I desir"
to say that I meant that in the legal and judicial
sense in which we use that term. I mean now
also to say, that there may be no misunderstand-
ing, that I do not think that Congress should make
a law which directly contravenes the well estab-
lished judicial determination of that court. I do
not mean to say that we are bound by what
may be the constitutional opinions oftheSupreme
Court in all our legislation. But I say that when
a case arises in which an individual right is claimed,
under the Constitution of the United States or the
laws of the United States, or the treaties of the
United States, the jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court is unquestionable. That court is the ar-
biter of constitutional questions; and when its
decision has been given, the rights in dispute are
determined.
We know that courts of last resort have very
frequently, when a question which they have
already decided comes before them a second time,
ordered the question to be reargued. The prac-
tice of the Court of King's Bench, in England, is
full of examples of that sort. So, where a great
question is involved, I would have it argued a sec-
ond or even a third time.
Mr. KEITT. There is one other question on
this point. The member from Ohio says that he
will abide by the decisions of the court, but that
he holds himself entitled to ask for a reargument.
I do mean to discuss that. The question that has
given significance to this subject is the fugitive
slave law. It has been said by certain leading
men that the Supreme Court was to be remod-
eled in connection with that subject. Now I ask
the member from Ohio, with all courtesy, whether
he did not in his canvass say that he would abide
by the decision of the court, and implore lus con-
stituents to do so, and then say there was a light
breaking from above, and they would remodel
the court.
Mr. CORWIN. I do not know but I may
have said that.
Mr. KEITT. And thought so.
Mr. CORWIN. Yes.
Mr. KEITT. Do you think so now?
Mr. CORWIN. I "do. I did say we should
remodel the Supreme Court.
Mr. KEITT. By that you meant that you
would instruct the court.
Mr. CORWIN. I never did.
Mr. KEITT. What did you mean ?
Mr. CORWIN. I meant this; Wc have been
endeavoring for five or six years in the North-
west to have additional judges appointed for that
court, without reference to any question that may
come before it. Some years ago, in 1848,1 stated
in the Senate that I had observed that the legal
and constitutional opinions of the judges of that
court were very apt to correspond exactly with
the popular opinions on constitutional law which
prevailed in their respective sections. Therefore,
I could not have as much reliance on the opinions
of the court as I should otherwise have. I be-
lieve that additional judges are necessary for the
business of that court; and I believe that the doc-
trines which I hold on this very subject will be
the doctrines of that tribunal.
Mr. KEITT. Allow me to ask another ques-
tion. It is simply this: Holding the opinion that
the Supreme Court is the final arbiter, and that he
is not willing to remodel it in connection with a
particular political question, he affirms that the
fugitive slave law, which has been pronounccd by
the courts constitutional, is constitutional, and
ought to be submitted to?
Mr. CORWIN. We are growing very ticklish
about our opinions 011 the subject. I hold that the
law, having been declared constitutional by the Su-
preme Court, must be submitted to. I always had
my doubts, however, about one section of that
law, and that is the provision authorizing the
judges to appoint commissioners who shall hear
and determine the rights of a master to his slave,
and give the slave his liberty or restore him to his
master. It seems to me that is a judicial duty,
and if so, commissioners should be appointed as
other judges are appointed. There are other pro-
visions in that law which I do not approve; and
I believe the law of 1793 a better law than it now*
is with the amendment of 1850.
Mr. KEITT then resumed the floor,-and ad-
dressed the House for an hour and a half. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr, BOTELER. I have,Mr. Clerk, no sp«<yh
to make. I have not come here to-day with that
intention. I have sought the floor simply for the
purpose of submitting a few suggestive remarks
to this House, which, I trust, will serve in some
degree to accomplish the object which many here
arc sincerely desirous of accomplishing—of bring-
ing this discussion to a close, and perfecting the
organization of the House. Sir, I d6 not stand
here to-day to make any appeals to the prejudices,
or tlie passions, or the sectional priae of those
who represent that quarter of the Confederacy
from whence I come. I have no desire to indulge
in any pyrotechnical display of those glittering
generalities, which, however much they may
dazzle and amuse, are but little calculated to bring
about any practical solution of the difficulty ill
which we are now involved. Nor is it my pur-
pose to-day to deal in any unjust, or ungenerous,
or unnecessarily harsh denunciation of those upon
the other side of this Chamber, who, claiming to
be conservative, are her.e in the exercise of their
undoubted right as the Representatives of the
country, entertaining sentiments utterly adverse
from the sentiments held by my constituents a <i
myself. I say I shall not indulge in any unne-
cessarily harsh denunciations of them. I recog-
nize the fact that we who are assembled here in
the discharge of the legitimate duties of legisla-
tion devolved upon us by our constituents; that
we, coming as wo do from the different and distant
parts of the Confederacy, some from the rugge.d
rock-ribbed hills of the North, some from the
ever-blooming plains of the South, some with the
dust of the distant prairies on their feet, and others
with the spray of either ocean on their brows,
representing interests and opinions as variant as
are the latitudes in which wc live; it is not to be
expected of us that there should bo perfect uniform-
ity of opinion; that there should bo perfect concur-
rence of judgment or sentiment in regard to those
great questions of public concernment which from
time to time stir up the depths of human feeling in
our land. But, sir, it is expected, and our country
demands, patriotism requires at our hands, that,
coming here under these circumstances, we should
remember, in the language of a distinguished citi-
zen of my State, " that we have a country to
serve, as well as a party to obey." '
But, sir, what do we see ? What is the spec-
tacle which this House presents ? On this side of
it, with those with whom it has been my pride and
my pleasure to act in good faith from first to last,
what have wc seen? Three organizations—a Dem-
ocratic party, a southern Opposition party, and an
anti-Lccompton part}-; for we must recognize them
as a party; though sull insignificant in iiur.ibe.",
they are most potential in their influence. Well,
sir, what have they been doing? They know,
they feel, the country knows, that it is only by a
union amongst them all that we can beat down the
nominee of the Republican party. They profess
to be honest in their desire to accomplish that, and
I know they are honest in their opposition to that
nominee, feat yet, with the majority, and with
the power in their hands, they have never once
exercised that power to secure the object which
they profess to be anxiously desirous of attain-
ing. And why? Because they have allowed their
party prejudices and their party pride to interfere
with their patriotism. There has not been a ballot
taken in which there has been a union of the dif-
ferent anti-Republican parties; and there will be
no election resulting in the success of this side of
the House unless there is such a union—a cordial
and hearty union amongst us all.
Now, sir, let me illustrate our position here.
We are all on board the same ship, the same
glorious old ship which our fathers built for us.
They laid its keel; they fashioned -its bulwarks;
they forged the anchor of its hope; they launched
it upon the ocean of national existence. Sir, they
gave us a chart by which to sail our ship. We
have differed heretofore amongst ourselves; earn-
estly, sincerely, openly differed, as freemen should
differ and will differ, in regard to the construc-
tion of that chart; we have differed amongst our-
selves in regard to the best mode of sailing the
ship. Some of us have been for sailing her upon
this tack, some upon that tack; some have been
for taking in a sail, others for shaking out a
reef. We believe that, under Providence, our
ship has been built to be the life-boat of the
world; and throughout the progress of the voy-
ngp wo have been constantly- engaged in paving
