THE CONGRESSIONAL
ax
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIFES. WASHINGTONV D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
I
MONDAY, JUNE 4, 1860.
'Jif'EW SEEIES.i.;.N<#.M60:f
F
ernment, but who sought to get an office and did
not succeed. If! were permitted to read an ex-
tract from the minority report of the distinguished
fentleman from Alabama, with regard to the
'resident's protest. I think the House and t^he
country would declare that the whole matter was
perfectly rotten. In arguing on the propriety of
such an investigation as this, the gentleman from
Alnbama says that the witnesses would bo merely
disappointed office-seekers — men bankrupt in
character and bankrupt m purse, seeking* an op-
portunity to vent the-ir spleen against all those
persons about the Administration with whom
they arc dissatisfied. Such has proved to be the
fact. The witnesses before the committee have
been, with very few exceptions, cither persons
who have been turned out of office for malfeas-
ance, or persons who soughj. to get into office and
could not; adventurers, speculators, strikers, and
confidence men; and about a number of them I
might say, with as much truth as Falstaff said
of his regiment, that there was not a whole shirt
and a half among the whole forty of them.
Mr. Speaker, I am admonished by the feeble
state of my health that I have been doing myself
injustice to say even this much; but I could not
ermit myself, in justice to the persons with whom
am acting, to say less. I think that my appli-
cation for these witnesses should be granted. The
porsons who vote to refuse it will, I think, brand
themselves throughout the counf ry with some de-
gree of suspicion as having gone into the matter
not with a pure purpose to expose corruption,
but wreak their spleen and vengeance on the Ad-
ministration. J move, therefore, that the Speaker
be instructed to issue his subpena for the wit-
nesses named in the record.
Mr. COVODE. it is proper, Mr. Speaker, that
I should give an explanation of this matter, as to
how it was that we came to turn our attention ex-
clusively to officers of the Government. In the
early stages of this investigation the case of Mr.
Sckell and the New York h^fcel contributions was
brought before the committee. Mr. Schell de-
clined to answer, on the ground that there were
private contributions to tfiat fund—the contribu-
tions of private citizens, who had no connection
with the Government. The case was reported to
the House, and was recommitted to the commit-
tee. The committee has taken no action upon it
since; butfrom that time to this, they have given
up the right to investigate any case except where
the parties concerned were Government officers
or connected with the Government; and I have
been careful, in subpenaing witnesses, to find out
whether they were employes of the Government
or had knowledge with regard to officers of the
Government. My colleague on the committee
[Mr. Winslow] asks to subpena certain wit-
nesses, giving a list of thirty or forty of them in
one little neighborhood; and I stated to him that
I was always ready to send for one, two, or three
witnesses, to see whether there was anything in
their testimony; butthat I was opposed to putting
the Government to these enormous expenses, of
which I was to carry the load.
1 asked my colleague to say whether any of
these witnesses whom he wished to subpena had
• any connection with the Government; and he
never informed me of it. I told him, in the case
of the Philadelphia witnesses, that I was willing
to send for one, two, three, or any reasonable
number of witnesses, but that I would not put the
Government to this enormous expense.
Mr. Speaker, there is a reason why we have
not sent for many of these witnesses. The com-
mittee was raised on the 5th of March, and up
'to yesterday, we have never been able to get a
dollar for expenses, notwithstanding the House
did pass a resolution appropriating money for the
purpose. The power of the Government was, in
some way or other, brought to bear to defeat us;
and up to yesterday we never got a dollar to send
for witnesses that I did not take out of my own
pocket. I think I told the gentleman from North
Carolina that if he would shell out money to send
for witnesses I was ready to subpena them. I
160
have told the gentleman, over and over again,
and told him this morning, that I was ready to
send for any reasonable number pf witnesses. I
do not know how the case came to be brought to
the House. There was no action upon it in the
committee. I have quite a number of cases of
importance to bring before the House; but, on
consultation with my friends, I thought it better
not to occupy the lime of the House with them.
According to my impression, Government officers
have been going to Europe to get away from this
" Covode committee." [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Who were these Govern-
ment officers?
Mr. COVODE. I will send up a letter to be
read at the Clerk's desk. I was informed, by
letter, that Mr. Hart, the surveyor of the port of
New York, had left the country after the com-
mittee was raised. Some said, on a mission for
the Government; others, to get a fortune left him
by a Dutch girl. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker-
Mr. COVODE. Let me go en. You will have
an opportunity presently.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 thought it was
about time to arrest the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. He has gone to Europe. Will you per-
mit me ?
Mr. COVODE. He is back again. [Laughter.]
After the gentleman left, a letter was written to
that gentleman, Mr. Hart, by another gentleman,
Mr. Dunham. I intended a while ago to report
the case to the House; but I will ask to have the
letter read, as the foundation of some future re-
marks.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Brooklyn, 11, a. m.
Dear Hart —Your favor is at hand. Your doiemnna-
tion to -\iil hv Fulton aiUmMie^ mo. The step will excite
suspicion; but better endure that, [ suppose, than " lace
the railsic 1J I will tnllow by the SJiSth proximo. Go toMor-
Icy'rf, Trafalgar square. Bear my love to Zanders and Cob-
bett.'
Give yourself no uneasiness on account of ^lie letters.
They will be taken care of. The part X have played lias
been seemingly s-o humble an-d insignificant that no one
would think of calling me before the reformers. Should
t-heie be any danger, IJan will post me in time to enable
mc to take a short trip for my health.
Shall t write you at Morley's, or where?
A pleasant voyage to you, and contusion to Co\*ode &
Co., is the wish ot youi friend,
CIIAS. A. DUNHAM.
Mr. BOCOCK. How did the gentleman get
hold of that letter. By robbing the mail?
Mr. COVODE. I will show you just how, if
you will only keep quiet.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question ?
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, this letter dropped
into the hands of a gentleman, who inclosed it to
me with an intimation of where I would find the
writer, and that lie was about to sail for Europe.
I senta subpena immediately, withoutgivmgany
notice oven to the committee, to New York, to*
bring that witness, Mr. Dunham, before the com-
mute to explain that letter. The officer who
served the subpena is here. He has made his re-
turn. He stated that Mr. Dunham was perfectly
ready and willing to come immediately with him,
but he said that he had to go to the court-house,
where he was subpenaed; that he would have no
difficulty in getting off, and that he would meet
the officer on the train, and would come on to
Washington. My embassador returned with this
information, [laughter,] and was astonished to
find that Mr. Dunham was not here. I have been
trying to got Mr. Dunham here at different times
since: and, for fear there might be some trick m
that letter—you do not catch this old coon very
easily, [laughter]—I got a letter from Mr. Dun-
ham, which I ask the Clerk to read, and to com-
pare the handwriting with that of the other letter.
The Clerk (who stated that the handwriting
was the same as that of the last letter read) read,
as follows:
New York, May 9,1860.
Sir : Several weeks aso, 1 wa* served with a summons
of the Speaker of the Hou:>e of Representatives, reqairmg
my presence forth ivi!h? before an investigating committer
of winch > ou arc chairman.
Important professional engagements prevegte<j my 6fee-
' dience tu the summons immediately; and after a couple of
days I was taken ill, and rendered unlit for a journey. Af-
ter the lapse of a fortnight, I wrote you, askiug* if it was
stiij desired that I should appear belore your committee,
but J have received no answer from you on the subject- ' I
therefore take the liberty to make the same inquiry again.
Do you lequire my attendance pursuant to the fcuajtmrifs t
Had the summons b>:cn reguhuly setvod, £ should feel
. bound* even after this delay, to present myself before your
committee without first hearing from you.
Will you have the kindness to answer, at your earliest
convenience, and oblige your obedient servant,
: CHAS.-A. DUNHAM,
New York, N> Y.
Hon. John Covode, Washington,
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, since t have re-
ceived that letter I have made two or three effort®
to get this gentleman to come here, and he sever
came.
This is a ease which I might have brought be-
fore the House long ago; but I did not want %o
occupy the time of the House with this commit-
tee.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from North
Carolina, in the report which he has made—I do
not know exactly how it got before the House—
refers to the use of money in some districts of
Pennsylvania. 1 have stated that I have never
refused to send for a few witnesses. I knew very-
well that if I ran the expenses of this committee
up to an enormous amount I would have the load
to carry. I was willing to send for one, two, or
three witnesses, to prove specific charges. I never
refused to do that. X do not summon many wit-
nesses for thepurpose of establishing any charge.
Now, the gentleman from North Carolina stud
something with regard to the district which 1 hap-
pen to represent; and if it is proper to refer to th«
testimony taken, as he has done, I will state that
we have already evidence that money has been
furnished direct from Washington to the present
Democratic candidate for Governor in Pennsyl-
vania—the man who ran against/me two years
ago—by Mr. Wendell here. We also had it in
evidence yesterday that a telegraphic dispatch,
which happened to go round as this letter did 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the gentle-
man ought to communicate matters thattookplace
in committee, [Cries of "Let it out."]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I hope the gentle-
man will not be interrupted.
Mr. TAPPAN sought the floor.
Mr. COVODE. I have not given up the floor.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I suppose the gentleman
from New Hampshire desires to move that wo
proceed to the regular order of business. I hop©
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be per-
mitted to proceed, because it is very important thaT
we should understand how^this matter is, before
we are called upon to vote on the motion of thft
gentleman from North Carolina. The gentlemen
from Pennsylvania has very clearly shown that
it is very hard to catch him. In that I concur
fully; because, when the gentleman from North
Carolina says that he is in pursuit of money ex-
pended in the gentleman's district, he comes in,
and defends himself by saying that somebody
else has done worse, and has gone to Europe.
[Cries of " Order S" " Order!"]
Mr. COVODE. I do not think that belongs
properly to this discussion, and I sec no reason
for bringing this matter before the House., I'havc
stated in the committee, before every member of
the committee, that X was willing to send for r 
reasonable number of witnesses to establish any-
thing; and, while I say that, let me add, that v/c
have not sent for a single witness, and are not
sending for any, without a knowledge first that
they are immediately connected with the Govern-
ment, or can give information with regard to such.
When we have testimony brought before us that
a witness can prove this, that, and the other, th<,
first thing I do is to ask if the man is connected
with the Government, and if he is not, X do not
offer to send for him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think it is proper for the
members of the House to know that my colleague,
Mr. Scranton, has left Washington on account
of protracted indisposition; Jate is not here, and
