582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
those who have come on board from the wrecks,
rafts, and rotten governments of the Old World.
Wo have taken them into our vessel when they
have been swimming for their lives. We have
spread before them the table of our bounty; we
have saved their lives and have given them an
equal participation in the profits of our voyage;
yet some of us (and I amongst the number) have
seen, and seen with surprise and pain, that after
they have been brought on board the ship, they
have shown a propensity to interfere in the man-
agement of it. Some of us have said to them:
" We have brought you here to save you, and to
make you prosperous, happy, and free; but we
are not willing that you should take hold of the
tiller and handle the ropes, until you have been
here long enough to know one rope from another."
Well, sir, this has been a source of honest dif-
ference of opinion amongst those on board, whilst
all of us have loved the old craft, from truck to
keel, with all our hearts. Thus we have voy-
aged; and whilst thus differing, what has hap-
pened ? We have been drifting towards the break-
ers; we have been insensibly drawn towards a
lee shore, where no light-house sends its friendly
ray. A storm has arisen upon us; wo hear the
spirit of the tempest shrieking in the shrouds;
clouds of danger, difficult}', and doubt, are dim-
ming the heaven of our hopes, and threatening to
burst in desolation over our heads. Andnotonly
that; but, sir, wo see yonder a band of mutineers
determined to take possession of the vessel; men
associated together to dispossess us of our rights,
deprive us of our property, who would thrust us
down the hold, and batten the hatches over our
heads. This, sir, has been going On, while we
have been engaged m a squabble m .regard to the
best mode of sailing the ship.
Now, Mr. Clerk, I ask is it right, is it reason-
able, can we answer to our constituents, to the
country, if we continue to allow th'se paltry,
miserable differences to interfere with our duty,
and to prevent cordial, united action amongst the
conservatives of the House against those whom
we recognize, and whom we are bound to recog-
nize, as our common enemy?
Mr. Clerk, 1 have 110 practical suggestion to
offer; there are older heads than mine here to do
that; but 1 do protest, against the continuance of
iliis most unnecessary discussion. For myself,
the. House will do me the justice to say that I
have occupied my seat upon tlus floor 111 silence
during the seven weary weeks we have been in
session, while this exciting discussion has been
going on, and whilst the infamous Abolition out-
rage upon the district. I have the honor to repre-
sent has been the fruitful inspiration of almost
every gentleman who has risen to address the
House. Now, sir, 1 was present at that, horrible
Harper's Ferry raid; I was a witness to that abom-
inable outrage; I saw the blood of my friends shed
in the streets of Harper's Ferry; and jf there is a
man who has a right to speak to that subject, it
! ■; myself; and yet I have forborne to speak 011 the
subject. I have remained silent, for various rea-
son's, not the least of which is, that the distin-
guished Senator before me [Mr. Mason] is en-
gaged in the investigation of the facts connected
with the whole affair, and will present them fully
and fairly, at the proper time, before the country,
and leave it to judge, of them.
There is another reason which, I must confess,
has also influenced me m this matter. I know
(and I have been painfully conscious of it when-
ever my mind has reverted to that dark day) that
when the heart feels most, the tongue refuses to
perform its wonted task.
And, sir, when I have heard gentlemen on the
other side of the floor stand up and derisively re-
fer to that infamous outrage, I have been hardly
able to retain my seat and refrain from the ex-
pression of my indignation in terms which might,
not have sounded parliamentary. My lumd, sir,
has again and again, during this discussion, gone
back to that dark October evening, when I stood
by the side of a friend, and laid my hand upon his
brow where the death damp was gathering, while
the blood was gushing from his noble heart, and
1 have been often disposed to say, in apology for
my forbearance:
" Oh ! pardon me. thou [tleedins pieec of earth,
That I am meek <uk1 gentle with tliebe butchei.st"
For I tell you, sir, that in my opinion, the leaders
of the Abolition party, which is seeking to control
the organization of this House, and to obtain pos-
session of the Government, are as much the mur-
derers of my friends at Harper's Ferry as were
old John Brown and his deluded followers; and I
think that the committee engaged in the investi-
gation in my State, and the investigation on the
part of the Senate, will prove that the agitation of
the slavery question by the great leaders of the
Republican party has been the direct cause of the
Harper's Ferry invasion.
I tell you further, sir, that the Commonwealth of
Virginia has come to the determination that this
shall be the end of it; that this slavery agitation shall
cease, so far as she is concerned; and to make her
determination good, she has buckled onher armor,
and her borders are now bristling with bayonets,
for she feels compelled to take the guardianship
of her rights and her honor into her own hands.
Heretofore she litis trusted to the tie of consan-
guinity; heretofore she has relied upon the linked
shields of all the States for her protection; but,
sir, at a moment when she dreamed not of it, she
has-been smittenupon the cheek. Our honored old
mother has been struck a blow which has roused
her children from their false security, and rallied
them to her rescue. We now discover that wo
must depend upon our own right arm to protect
our State from further outrage, so long as there
remains a " Republican" organization in Congress
and the country. Why will you persist, men of
the North, ill maintaining that organization? What
good do you expert to effect by it? You formed
it, so you have said, for the sole purpose of making
Kansas a free State. You have Kansas as a free
State; for, sir, when she comes into this Union,
she will come as " free." If there be any other
purpose that you expect to accomplish by it, it
must be to transfer your " irrepressible conflict"
from the Territories to the States.
But, gentlemen of the other side, I know there
are some among you who are conservative as
compared with the moving spirits of your party.
The distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Corwin] who sits before me, and who has en-
tertained us and held this House for two days in
listening admiration by his intellectual efforts,
claims to be—I wish he were so in reality—the
lender of the Republican party; but how few ore
they who gather round him, who will recognize
him as their Fader, and willindoise the sentiments
he lias uttered here day after day. When I look
! at him, when I see him thm*'' amongst them—a
j| tritou amongst the minnows—when T see him
l! there, sir, my mind goes back to the literature of
jl my boyish days, and 1 remember how Gulliver,
j! in his travels, laid himself down to sleep in the
I1 country of the Lilliputians; how the pigmies
j climbed upon his person and wound their tiny
! chains about him; how they bound his hands,
!' and so led him, a spectacle of wonder, through
j[ the land. Oh! sir, if I could but make such <111
; appeal to that distinguished gentleman as would
|j awaken a responsive feeling in his heart, its pa-
|j triotie throbs would burst the bonds which bind
|, him to the earth, stand erect in the frightened
;j presence of his diminutive associates, and would
j! march forth from the low miasmatic marshes of
jl sectionalism and joinushere upon the high ground
ii of nationality, where the flag of the Union floats
j' " with not a stripe erased or polluted, or a single
'] star obscured." [Applause from the Democratic
jj benches and in the galleries.] And the leader,
il whom they recognize, the 1 red or who bears their
banner, I listened to his explanation, or rather
his attempt at explanation, made a few days
since, with sincere sympathy for him. In my
i| very soul I pity him. And it is with wonder and
ij amazement that I behold a gentleman with the
|i traits which that gentleman is said to have—for
lie must have noble traits who, during so many
;i weeks of conflict, can keep friends around him
' in unbroken ranks, persisting in their efforts to
11 place him 111 the third position under our Grov-
i emment—to see such a gentleman permit himself
j! to remain for one hour more as he is before the
i; country.
ij What has he told the House? What has his
!j friend who nominated him [Mr. Corwin] told
this House ? That he signed the recommendation
of the Helper book at the solicitation of a friend
I' who camc to him and asked him to sign it; that
'! he took the precaution to inquire of the friend
|| whether there would be anything objectionable ill
■■ the compilation, and was assured that there would
not; that the book would be prepared by a com-
mittee, &c. What has that committee done?
ThEiy have put forth a book under the sanction of
Mr. Sherman's name, which is everywhere de-
nounced as objectionable, and which is, unques-
tionably, a most infamous publication; a book
which he himself intimates liis objection to, and,
as X understand, desires an opportunity to de-
nounce as it deserves. They have deceived him;
they have betrayed him; they have made him their
victim, their dupe, ay, their tool; and he submits
to it all! Yes, sir, it is admitted that they have
deceived him, for he allows the inference to be
made that he does not indorse this most infamous
Helper book. I am told, indeed, that gentlemen
on the other side—if the gentleman from Missouri
will withdraw his resolution—one after the other,
will rise and denounce that book. That is what
they say in private. They are ready to denounce
it now, and well they maybe; for, sir, I would like
to see a man in the American Congress who would
rise in his place and indorse the sentiments of that
book, after all that has occurred within the last
three months. If any man should do so here in
our presence, we would see a traitor standing in
our midst.
Mr. Clerk, the gentleman from Ohio still occu-
pies lus position. Week after week he has occu-
pied it, and Heaven only knows how long he will
continue to hold on to it. But his chance is gone.
I tell him, in all candor, that he cannot be elected
to the Speakership, and is not fitfor the position;
not meaning, however, to say that his private vir-
tues and personal graces would not fit him to fill
that chair. From lus association with this infa-
mous Helper book, and the manner in which he
has been persistently pressed at this particular
time,he never can be Speaker; and never should
be called upon to preside over the deliberations of
this body.' To be elected at all, it must be by
means of the plurality rule. A vote upon the plu-
rality rule, it is understood, must be a sneaking
vote for Mr. Sherman. Now, sir, that plurality
rule never can come to a vote. I do not hesitate
to say that I was one of those, after the discus-
sion arose in the House the other day, that sought
out the paper referred to by the gentleman from
Indiana. [Mr. Coi.fax,] and placed my name to
it, pledging myself to stand here day and night-
ay, to 1 at here, to drink here, to live here, and, if
necessary. to die here—before I would give my
sanction, as a Representative from Virginia, to
that role, when I am satisfied that its adoption
would result in the election of John Sherman 03
Speaker of this House.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question? I do not wish to interfere
without the gentleman's consent.
Mr. BOTELER. Certainly.
Mr. COLFAX. Suppose any number of gen-
tlemen, after it was organized, were satisfied that
an appropriation bill reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means contained an appropriation
of money which would probably be used by the
Federal Administration for corrupt purposes—I
do not say that it would be; I only put the case as
a supposititious one: would you justify us in sign-
ing a written agreement, binding ourselves to each
other, that we would, by a factious opposition,
prevent any vote ever being taken upon it, and
thus prevent a majority from adopting it? If so,
all legislation could be thus arrested.
Mr. BOTELER. You have to meet your own
responsibility to your constituency, and I am re-
sponsible to mine. I can go back to mine, and
hold up my head, with the full assurance in my
heart that the position I have taken during this
protracted struggle for the Speakership will be
indorsed by every one of my constituents whose
good opinion is worth an effort to retain. You
can do the same.
ButI have yet to learn that that is a majority side
of the House. I am going upon the premises that
this is the majority side of this House, and that
the factious course is pursued by the other side.
That is the factious side. True, it is a side with
seventeen Slates represented by it; but I see not
a single southern man affiliating with them—not
one. I look upon the flag they carry, and I can-
not recognize upon it the escutcheon of a single
State south of Mason and Dixon's line.
But, sir, I am sorry I have been betrayed into
these extended remarks. I assure gentlemen I
rose not to bring the torch of discord among the
