THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
The SPEAKER. The. floor is given to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. ADRAIN. I simply desire that the words
used may be read. .
■The SPEAKER, ,If there be no objection, the
words will be read.
jMr. LOVE. I object. ;
7Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
wish to say a very few word.s to the House on
this question,. I have already said -that no man
here regrets the occurrence more than I do. 1 am
friendly to both gentlemen, and respect them
highly. 1 noticed this whole scene. I heard the
provocation, and I heard the rejoinder; and I
think X can express an impartial opinion, which
shall do no injustice to either of these gentlemen;
and I will make a suggestion which .will, I hope,
receive their consideration. Mr. Speaker, the
language used by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Train,] near whom 1 sat, was, as
my recollection servos me, substantially this 
[Cries of" Let it be road !"]
Mr, ADRAIN. I ask that it be read, so that
the House ca,u understand the matter. The gen-
tleman from New York cannot make comments
unless we have the text.
Mr. LOVE. 1 object.
Mr.. CLARK, of iSfew York. Am I not in or-
der, Mr, Speaker?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is in order; but calls have been made to have
the words read,and the Chan- thinks they should
be read.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I submit that the
floor cannot bq taken from me for any purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not mean
to take the floor from the gentleman. The Clerk
will read the words.
The Clerk read, as follows:
u Mr. Train. Umnotm the habit of troubling tbe House
xniichj ami i never insist upon speaking when I am clearly
out ol order.- [ should rounder myself guilty of gioss im-
propriety, not only as a member ot' the JIoum', but as a gen-
tleman, if I Insisted upon nddieasuig tbe Chair nnd inter-
polating my vemaiks, when I had no nffht to the tloor.
u Mr. Houston. 1 wish lo know if tho gentleman from
Massachusetts applied that remark to me? ("Cries of
* Order
"Mr. Train. I mean exactly what [ did say; and 1
stand by what. X said-
."Mr. Houston. I mean to bay that, if hn applied that
remark' to me, ho is a disgraced liar and scoundrel. fCi tes
of4 Order!*]
u Mr. Train, i cannot be irritated by anything the gen*
tlemun from Alabama may nay."
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 was referring
to tho language used by the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts ;.md 1 think the report which
has been read is substantially accurate. I sat
near him. I heard the very words. They foil
upon my ear harshly. I thought the language
unwarrantable. It seemed to me that it was the
intention of the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to charge—or to insinuate, at any rate
—that the honorable gentleman from Alabama
was not a gentleman. [Cries of " No I'5 " No !"
from the Republican wde of the House.] That
was the way in which the language impressed
me. Having the kindest feeling toward the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts, and regret-
ing exceedingly that he had so far forgotten the
proprieties of tne place, 1 expected to have heard
from the gentleman from Alabama some such
response as an impulsive man would naturally
make under such circumstances. I listened fur-
ther, and heard the honoiable gentleman from
Alabama ask for an explanation; and 1 was indeed
disappointed when the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts declined to disavow the offensive
imputation. 1 was th  n nut surprised when the
remark fell from the lips of the honorable gentle-
man from Alabama, in language which no gen-
tleman can approve; in language which, I am
sure, that gentleman himself will not attempt to
justify.
, Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to submit to the
House the question, whether, as between these
two gentlemen, there have not been mutual faults;
although I admit that the retaliation far exceeded
the provocation. It is very seldom that measures
of provocation and retaliation are equal.
Mr. Speaker, every member m this House is
probably at fault m regard to .this very matter,
it was my duty, sitting near the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, to have him called
to order when he first made his seemingly dis-
courteous allusion to the gentleman from Ala-
bama. It was the duty of any member of the
House to have risen, and toliave asked that the
exceptionable words be taken down. Wo are
therefore all in fault, Mr. Speaker. My knowl-'
edge of the character of tho gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, and my remembrance of the urbanity
of the demeanor which he hasuniformly preserved
on this tloor, render it impossible for me to be-
lieve that he will persist in what appears an insult
to the honorable gentleman from Alabama; and,
sir, I must express my surprise that, with the
opportunity which has been several times afforded,
he has not done what it seems to me he could do
with entire safety to his personal honor—disclaim
the intention of giving, on the floor of the House,
and in the presence of the country, an insult to
the honorable gentleman from Alabama. If, on
that bping done, the honorable gentleman from
Alabama should fail to make to the House an ex-
planation of the harsh language which he em-
ployed—certainly not wholly without provocation
—much as 1 should regret to do so, I shall never-
theless unite in a vote of censure on that gentle-
man. But I hope, inasmuch as nothing is to be
gained for the country, and nothing for the credit
or dignity of the House, by any further prosecu-
tion of this matter, that such explanations will
be made as are due to the House and due to the
high character of the gentlemen who are more
directly concerned in this unpleasant affair. I
move that the whole subject be laid upon the
table.
Mr. POTTLE. Upon that, 1 ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GARTRELL. I understand that the gen-
tleman moves to lay the whole subject on tho
table, after debating it himself.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I promised the
gentleman's-colleague [Mr. Crawford] that I
would moke the motion.
Mr. GARTRELL. I did desire to submit a
few considerations to the House; but I will not
press it now.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILL. I desire to know, in older that the
House may understand it, what is now the par-
ticular motion before the House?
The SPEAKER. A motion is made by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to censure
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] for
language used in debate. The gentleman from
"New York moves to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. KE1TT. Let it be read.
Mr. HILL. I have the floor. The motion of
the gentleman from Ohio has notbeon propounded
to the House; it has not been read at the Clerk's
desk. Tho Clerk must read it fiom the desk.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask that my col-
league shall rcduce his motion to writing.
Mr. CLARK., of* Missouri. Is it m order to
move to amend the resolution by inserting the
name of the gentleman from Massachusetts ?
Mr. KEri'T. The motion of the gentleman
from Ohio must be read.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I think there can
be no objection to let the House pass on the whole
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio to be to censure
the gentleman from Alabama, for words spoken
in debate, which words have been reduced to
writing.
Mr. HILL. My objection is, that there is no
motion m writing. There is no motion until it is
in writing.
The SPEAKER. There is no rule that the
Chair knows of that requires the motion to be put
in writing. The gentleman from Ohio, however,
is requested to put his motion in writing.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question
of order. My point of order is this: the gentle-
man from Alabama was called to order; tin; words
spoken by him have been reduced to writing at
the Clerk s desk. Now, what is the next step to
be taken ? Here is the rule:
Ci It any member, in speaking or otherwise, transgress? the
rule-* of tho House, the Speaket shall, or any member nay,
call to eider; in winch ca-<; tbe niembet to called to order
shall immediately Mt down, utiles permitted to explain ;
and the llou<e s-hai], if appealed to, decide on the ea e,
but without, debate ; it there be no appeal, tat' dceiMon oi'
the Chair sduill bo Mibnutted to."
The first thing which the House is to listen to
is tho decision of tho Chnir, whether the gentle-
man from Alabama was m order or out of order-,
and when the Chair decides, then there may be
an appeal to the House.
The SPEAKER. That is not the rule under
which*we.arc proceeding.
Mr'. JOHN COGI-IRANE. It is the 35th rule.
The SPEAKER. We, are proceeding under
the next rule, which will be read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" 3G. Il'a member be called to order for words spoken in
debate, the person calling lum to order sholl repeat the
•words excepted to, and they shall be taken down in writing
at the Clerk's table ; and no member bhail beheld to an-
swer, or be subject to the eenbuie of tho House, {'or words
epokea In debate, if any othei meruhor has spoken^ or other
business has intervened, after the words spoken, and be-
fore exception to them shall have been taken."
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
preceding rule refers to when a member is refrac-
tory, and'will not take his seat.
Mr. BURNETT. What is the proposition now
pending before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is a motion to lay the res-
olution of the gentleman from Ohio upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask that the resolution
may be read, as well as the words charged to have
been spoken, and which have been reported.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] be eensined for disorderly woidt, spoken in debate.
Mr, BURNETT. I now ask that those words
be read.
The language used by Mr. Houston was again -
read.
Mr. BURNETT. The question which I de-
sire to call tho attention of the Chair to is this.
Mr. LEE. Has not tho previous question been
called?
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. LEE. Is that debatable?
Mr: BURNETT. I am not going to debate tho
resolution; but the question is one as to the rule
under which we arc proceeding.
" The' SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to state his point under tho rules.
Mr. BURNETT. The first provision of the
rule is, that the member who proposes to have
what is said reduced to writing at the Cleik's
desk must first have called the member to oider.
Mr. BINGHAM. That question has been de-
dided by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Thcgentlcman may state his
point of order,
Mr. BURNETT. My point is this: that the
Speaker of the House, under this rule, must pro-
pound to the gentleman from Ohio—unless he is
apprised of the fact personally that tbe gentleman
did call the gentleman from Alabama to order—
the question whether he did call the gentleman to
order at the time those words were used. That
question has never been answered. The gentle-
man from Ohio has never stated that he did call
the gentleman from Alabama to order. "We can-
not proceed under the rule unless that statement
is made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Kentucky that that point has
been decided, and he again overrules the point of
order. The question now before the House is
on the motion to lay the resolution on the table,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.'
[Cries of" Call the roll!"]
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BURNETT. I now ask the gentleman
who made the motion •
Mr. DELANO. There has been a response,
and no debate is m order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. The
roll must be called.
Mr. BURNETT. I hnvo a right to ask the gen-
tleman who made the motion to lay the resolution
on the table to withdraw it, so as to enable me to
offer .vii amendment to the resolution.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I say to the gentleman,
that if the motion to lay on the table be voted
down, if i can get the floor, I will move to amend
the motion of die gentleman from Ohio by Insert-
ing the name of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I desire to know
if the gentleman from Ohio objects to that amend-
ment being offered, and to our having a vote upon
it ?
Air. SHERMAN. Oh, I can consent to no
amendment of that description.
