162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reelection of Senator Douglas—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. oi? Reps.
papers to show the power that Douglas has in
managing both friends and foes. Here is the
article:
" Lincoln's Opinion of Douglas's chances at
Charleston.—William H. Gill, the editor of the Leaven-
worth (Kansas) Herald, lately traveled in Illinois with
Abraham Lincoln, Douulas's competitor for the Senate,
Mr. GiH says:
iC c We inquired of him what he thought of "Douglas's
chances at Charleston. " Well," he replied,l< were it not
for certain matters that I know transpired, which I regarded
„at one time among the impossibilities, I would say he stood
no possible chance. J refei,".«aid Jicj "to the fact that, in
the Illinois contest with myself, he had the sympathy-and
support of Greeley, of burlingameand Wilson of Massa-
chusetts, and other leading Republicans; that, at the same
time, he received the support of Wise and Breckinridge,
and other southern men; that he took direct issue with
the Administration, and secured, against all its power,
one hundred and twenty-five thousand out of the one
hundred and thirty thousand Democratic- votes cast in the
State. A man," he continued, " that can bring such influ-
ences to bear with his own exertions, may play the d—1 at
Charleston."'"
That, sir, was published to show the strength
of Judge Douglas; and it is proved by the decla-
ration of Mr. Lincoln.
I have also a letter addressed to me by Mr.
Pangborn, of the State of Massachusetts, con-
firming the proposition that Senator Wilson,
and other Republicans of the East, were in favor
of the election of Judge Douglas, and that they
aided him, as I believe, materially, in securing
the Result of that election. I will send it to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Wasjiinoton, March 3, I860.
Dear Sir: Inquiries bavins been made in legard to the
impression that prevailed m Massachusetts anions the Re-
publicans, in relation to the position of Senator Douglas,
during and subsequent to the so-called Leconipton contest
in the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and in 1 elation to the attitude
of the two great parties m relation to the senatorial can-
vass in Illinois, I am able, in leply, to state:
That, at that time, many Republicans in New Englaud
were induced to believe that Mr. Douglas had lesoivedto
abandon the Democratic and join the Republican paity;
and, entertaining that belief, they condemned the Illinois
Republicans for having nominated Mr. Lincoln in opposi-
tion to Mr. Douglas.
I xemembcrthat Senator Wilson,of Massachusetts, was
especially earnest in the expression of his opinion to tins
effect, lie frequently remarked, and in the heanngof many
peisons, that " he knew that Mr. Douglas whs all nght
that uho intended to act with the Kcpulihcans lhat "the
Republicans ol Illinois had commuted a fatal mistake in
running Mr. Lincoln, and in oppoMiig Mr. Douglas's re-
election; and that, but for his course of action, Dou<jl\s
would certainly be with the Republican parry in I860.'' He
often stated that this was understood at Washington ; and
he treeiy and emphatically criticised the action of Mr. Liu-
~ coln'n friends, and declared his own confidence m the pur
pose of Mr. Douglas to leave the Democratic party and
mute with us.
Some other gentlemen, who had been at Washington
during the Leconipton contest, coneuned with Henaloi
Wilson in lu  opinion ; Init I think the gieat majority of
the Republicans ol Massachusetts distilisted the eonect-
ness ot Mi. Wilsonjudgment in tiie* case, alt hough they
understood that Senatoi Wilson based Ms expressed opin-
ion of Mr. Douglas's po-utjon upon his own personal
knowledge of tiiat gentleman'-* intentions.
Such was my own undcistnmlinu,derived from frequent
conversations with Senatoi Wilson and otheis; and, of
the main facts herein stated, there can be no question, and
my recollection of these circumstance* can be ooi robot ated
by very many of the active and prominent Republicans ol
Massachusetts.
You are at libeity to make such use of this letter as you
may deem proper.
I remain, very respectfully, youi obedient <<?ivant,
Z. K. TANGiiORN.
Hon. William Khllogg.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
there is some significance in that letter. It re-
quires more than ordinary attention. I have
proved that Mr. Wilson was m conference and
consultation at Judge Douglas's own house. I
have proved that after these conferences, a member
from Massachusetts upon this lloor espoused the
cause of Judge Douglas. I now prove, by this
letter, that Senator Wilson, after going to his
eastern home, looking down upon the light that
was being had upon the prairies of Illinois, charged
that we were wrong:, in strong and severe language;
thot Douglas ought to have been elected, and that
he know reasons why Douglas should have been
our choice. lie is proved to have been in a con-
dition to know Douglas's position; and knowing
that,I never doubted Senator Wilson's integrity
of motive in the advice he gave, though it was
damaging to us in its effects, but did doubt his
estimate of the man. Having proved this con-
dition of things, now I prove that he proclaimed in
Massachusetts that he kn&io-that Douglas would
be with us, and that we had made a great mistake
in that matter. How did the Senator speak ? As
a mere n^ttter of opinion? Certainly not. He
spoke as a matter of knowledge. He declared
that he knew that, and censured the Republicans
who were making that gallant light, for not taking
up their adversary, and leaving the honored, the
patriotic, and glorious Lincoln to his fate and
defeat.
Now, sir, there is another thing in that letter
to which I wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee. Many other Republicans in the State of
Massachusetts, basing their opinions upon what
they learned in Washington, were clearly in favor
of our taking Judge Douglas and making him
our Senator. That was the aid and sympathy that
we got from eastern politicians; and when I dared
to indicate it to this House, I brought down the
anathemasof the Tribune and ofthe Douglas men
upon me for making the charge that we were un-
fairly dealt by in that great struggle by Repub-
lican politicians outside of our State? Have I
proved it? Do you believe,from this proof, that
Wilson was in consultation with Douglas ? Do
you believe that Wilson knew whereof he spake ?
Why, sir, he had the means of knowing, and said
he knew! That is the support that western Re-
publicans get when they make their utmost efforts
to wheel their State into line as a Republican
State.
I close this class of evidence against Mr. Gree-
ley. 1 have proved my charge upon him and
upon other Republicans. 1 leave that branch of
the subject. 1 would like, however, to reply, for
a moment, to what I esteem the immoial and dis-
honest proposition of Mr. Greeley in relation to
the admiration that he now has for'mr. Douglas.
He states that thcro is one tie left between htm
and Judge Douglas, and that is his admiration
of the pluck of the little giant. He says that if
Douglas had recommended Tom Paine's Age of
Reason, however inadvertently, he would never
have retracted it. 1 had learned, sir, all my life,
that the most honorable act a man could perform
was, when lie had done a wrong, to make retrac-
tion and redress; but when a man has commit-
ted a violation of morals, when he has recom-
mended heresy against the statutes of the living
God, we are told by Greeley that he is an honor-
able man, if he will only stand to it and defy his
adversaries. Sir, a man who would send heresy
broadcast through the land, poisoning the minds
of our youths, and debauching those of men of
riper years, and then refuse to retract, such a
man would stab virtue to the heart; would blot
out the moral lights around him, and, in the dark-
ness of that moral night would congratulate him-
self upon the ruin he had wrought. Such a man
should be, and in my judgment is, the good man's
hate and the just man's scorn.
Mr. Chairman, I now turn to the other branch
of this case, and shall discuss for a little time that
which I think convicts Judge Douglas himself.
Sir, under all these seductions, under all these
efforts on the part of Republicans outside of Illi-
nois, there is one thing upon which I congratu-
late myself. I congratulate you, sir; I congratu-
late my Senator, [Mr. Trumbull,] that when these
propositions were made, not one Republican of
Illinois was found who would entertain them for
a moment. They had to go outside the State to
make coalitions. 1 remember having frequent con-
sultations with Senator Trumbull, with you, sir,
my colleague, Wasiiijurxe, and with Love-
jov, and with Farnswortii, and that we, upon
every occasion, denounced the proposition and
repudiated it; and but for that and the manly sup-
] port we received from our friends at home, we
ij should have been broken, ruined, and demoral-
ized as a party m Illinois. The people appreci-
ated our course, and when we went to our con-
stituents and met the warm grasp of the hand of
the honest laboring men, they aid congratulate
i you, sir, and me, and our colleagues, that we had
j not been seduced', and, Greeley to the contrary
' notwithstanding, the Republicans of Illinois will
sustain men, and will only sustain them when
they light for principle on an issue fairly and hon-
orably made.
I wish now to recur to the letter of Judge Doug-
las. My colleague [Mr. McClehnand] found
I it necessary, in the discharge of his duty, to have
placed upon the records of this House the fol-
lowing letter of Judge Douglas:
December 7, 1859.
My dear Sir : Your note is just received, informingmg
that Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, in the course of a discussion
in the House of Representatives, to-day, made the following
charge against me :
" Mr. Kellogg, of Minois. I charge that Mr. Greeley^
was again and again, with others, in consultation iu the
parlor of Judge Douglas, planning and scheming the elec-
tion of Judge Douglas to the Senate of the United States
from the State of Illinois."
. Now, while it is true that men of all shades of political
opinion have bofcn in the habit of visiting at my house for
the ten years t have kept house in Washington^ and while
it may be true that Mr. Greeley, among others, may have
visited at my house within that time, it is wholly untiue
that I ever planned or schemed, or had any anangement
whatever with Mr. Greeley, at my bouse or elsewhere, for
the purpose of securing my reelection to the Senate ofthe
United States. On the contrary, the chaige,in all its parts
and import, is utterly falsi*.
Very tiuly, your friend, S. A. DOUGLAS.
Hon. J. A. McClkrnand, House of Representatives.
The courtly language of the Senator may be ap-
propriate in the other end of the Capitol. Tie says
that the statement in its import is false. Now, sir,
let me for one moment put side by side the letter
of Judge Douglas and that of Horace Greeley.
Judge Douglas says that Greeley might have vis-
itcdnis house; that gentlemen of all shades of polity
ical opinion were in the habit of visiting his house;
and there leaves the matter of Greeley's visit to
him. Now, sir, the clear import of that is, the
fair construction of that language is, a denial that
Greeley was ever with him, consulting in rela-
tion to political matters; otherwise he could not
by his denial have proved (hat what I said was
false, when I said he was there consulting in re-
lation to political matters.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I did not understand
you to say, upon your responsibility, that the
charge was true. You stated it from hearsay.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Yes, sir; but I
was arguing upon the sub ject of these letters, and
I ^ill not be drawn off from them. I was stating
that the legitimate inference ofthe letter of Judge
Douglas was a denial that Greeley was ever in
his house upon political subjects. Yet Greeley
says he was there twice, consulting with Judge
Douglas himself. Now, then, if Judge Douglas's
letter was to any extenta refutation of my charge,
is not Greeley's letter an absolute refutation of
the only reasonable construction to be placed
upon the letter of Judjje Douglas? Place these
letters side by side, and the import of one is di-
rectly opposed to the import of the other. One
or the other either sought to deceive a casual
reader, or else they come in conflict with each
other in point of fact.
Now, sir, Judge Douglas says my statement
is false in its import; that it is false m every point
of view. I ask, is it false that Greeley was there ?
I nsk, is itfalse thatWiLsoN was there ? I ask, is
itfalse that the gentleman-from Indiana [Mr. Col-
fax] was there ? I ask, is it false that they were
meeting there with Senators in consultation and
in caucus? Let honest men judge. If Judge
Douglas is not mistaken in the import or char-
acter of his letter, then I am mistaken vastly in
my judgment of what language means. But I
leave that matter.
I now propose to show what was the position
of Judge Douglas, as explained by himself and
known to Republicans, upon this great issue of
slavery. I propose to show what he induced Re-
publicans to believe; to show what he declared
and stated to them was his position; and then I
shall have nearly done with these matters. If my
' friend Covode has not left the Hall, I will prove
by him what was his position, and if he has, I
shall state what he will prove when he comes iu.
Mr. Chairman, I senu to the Clerk's desk an
extract from a communication that appeared not
j long since in the Chicago Journal, a leading and
!i reliable Republican paper in the State of Illinois,
i; signed, I believe, "H." I wish to say. also, that
! 1 have ascertained who the author of that article
! is. He is a gentleman well known in the city of
the article.
The Clerk read, as follows:
<{This train of thought earner me back to tho beginning
