1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Mr. BURNETT. The name is Hall in the re-
port and Hull in the bill—which is tho right one?
Mr. TAPPAN. I think it is Hall. I move that
it be so amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
tt do pass.
JAMES PHELAN.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee that it will recur to House
bill No. 342, for the relief of James Phelan. I
understand that objection which was made to
it will be withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to a
recurrence to that bill ?
There was no objection.
The bill directs that$250be paid to James Phe-
lan, for his services in prosecuting Craig,
indicted before the district Federal court of the
TJnitfed States for the northern district of Missis-
sippi, under the appointment of Hon. Samuel J.
Gholson, on a charge of robbing the United States
mail.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that Mr. Phelan was called by Hon. S. J. Ghol-
son, United States district judge for Mississippi,
to aid the district attorney at the trial of one Craig,
who was charged with robbing the United States
mails. The fee charged by Mr. Phelan was §250,
which the Department of the Interior declined
paying, on the ground that the employment was
not authorized by the "head of the Department,"
or by the authority of the President of the United
States. In reference to the charge, Hon. Reuben
Davis, of the House of Representatives, writes:
Ilousn of hepue sent ati ves, May 23,1s5s.
I know, of my personal knowledge, the services charged
for by Mr. Phelan wyie rendered by turn, and ri:: a lawvn,
t give it as my opinion that the eliaige is not too hull.' I
should have eiiaiged not le^s than live bundled dollars for
the same seme.-;. I defended Ciai .
Respectfully. KEtrRfliV DAVIS.
The Secretary of the Interior, in a letter dated
May 26, 1858, says: " I h avo a personal knowl-
edge of the case, and have no doubt that the acr-
vices were rendered; neither have I any doubt
that if the necessity of the employment of addi-
tional counsel in tins case had been brought to the
attention of the Postmaster General or my prede-
cessor by Judge Gholson or the district attorney,
such employment would have been authorized at !
a reasonable compensation." On this letter Hon. \
Reuben Davis indorsed as follows: "This ra.se |
came up suddenly. The bill of indictment w<in 1
found at the term the trial was liad. There wan, :
in my estimation, a necessity for the employment .
of Mr. Phelan, and the distance from Pontotoc to j
Washington was so great that it was impossible
for Judge Gholson to have communicated with
the authorities at Washington city.*'
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
james craig's heiks—again.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask unanimous
consent to recur to a bill (H. tt. No. 320) for the
relief of the heirs of Rev. James Craig-. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnswoutii] ob-
jected to that bill when it was up, and I think,
under some misapprehension. If the committee
will consent, he will make a statement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that the
report in that ca.se docs not state that the property
referred to was in the occupation of the American
Army.
Several Members. Yes it does.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. C ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to withdraw his objection. ;
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that !
that objection will be withdrawn, and that there J
will commence an era of good feeling. 1 want to j
recur to a case in which the gentleman from Ohio, j
[Mr. Wade,1 now absent, is interested. j
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to re-
turning to the ease of Rev. James Craig? !
There was no objection.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the heirs of the Rev. James Craig, de-
ceased, late of Lunenburg county, Virginia, name-
ly, to James Craig, Edward C, Craig, John A.
Orgain, and Ann, his wife, Carter,and Mar^
tha, nis wife, Rebecca Gregory, George E. Greg-
ory, Richard C. Gregory, and James C, Gregory,
the sum of ^10,000, in full compensation for prop-
erty belonging to said James Craig, which was
destroyed by British troops under Colonel Tarle-
ton, in 1781, in consequence of its being in the use
of the American Army.
It appears, from the report, that James Craig, a
minister of the Gospel at the time of the war of the
American Revolution,and residing in Lunenburg
connty, Virginia, wasaleading, active, and distin-
guished patriot. Beingamanofconsiderable prop-
erty, he owned, with other speciesof it, common at
thattimeto Virginia farmers, a very large milling
establishment, located on a stream called Plat Rock
creek. Said milling establishment consisted of a
larj*e flour manufacturing mill, a corn mill, and a
fulling mill. There were also located near to these
a house used for receiving grain, and a house used
for dyeing cloth, and also a blacksmith's shop.
During the progress of the war, this milling estab-
lishment became a place of deposit and storage for
supplies of grain and provisions for the American
troops, Mr. Craig himself being actively engaged
m collecting said supplies, and aiding by every
means in his power the patriot cause.
In the year 1781, the contest was transferred
from other States, where it had been carried on
with great animation, chicfly to Virginia, and in
Octobcr of that year both the campaign and the
war were closed by the brilliant and ever-mem-
orable victory at Yorktown, in that State. But
in the early part of the yeai the line of operations
was greatly in the country around Lunenburg.
And to meet the wants of the American troops,
Parson Craig had collectcd at his mills, about the
month nf July, in the year 1781, a largo quantity
of grain and provisions, some from his own and
some from his neighbors' stores. At that time
the British officer, Colonel Taileton, with a de-
tachment of troops, being in that vicinity? and
hearing of Parson Craig's activity and zeal as a
patriot, and of the supplies which were in store
at lib; mills for the use of the Americans, marched
to his estate, took Mr. Craig himself prisoner,
carried olV a number of negroes, two of whom
were never recovered, and turned and destroyed
the whole, or nearly the whole, of the said estab-
lishment, with the supplies of grain, provisions,
&c. The flour manufacturing mill, the corn grist
mill, the cloth fulling mill," the house used to re-
ceive gram, and the blacksmith's shop, were all
consumed and destroyed, with the contents of
each, including implements, tixtmvs, tools, uten-
sils, &r. That these ravages, and the imprison-
ment of Parson Craig himself, w<" v nil owing: to
his ardent zea! and ejlir.:cnt services to the patriot
cause, and to the fact that said nulls were in the
use of the American Army, or filled with supplies
for their use. enunot admit of a reasonable doubt;
and it would be just that his heirs should be com-
pensated for the enfiie loss. l>ut not to violate
usage or transgiess the principles clearly estab-
lished m such eases, it has been determined to
allow for nothing more than the propel ty devoted
to the use of the American troops at the time of
Us destruction, and destroyed on that account.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
Flouse with a recommendation that it do pass.
EDYTAIU) JAKV1S AUAI.V.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I want the
committee to hear a word in reference to the case
of Smith <fc Hunt, to which I desire it to recur.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no interest in this
Private Calendar. 1 have never made a captious
objection since my service commenced upon this
floor. There is a bill upon the Calendar, for the
relief of Or. Jarvis, of which I know nothing,
except from my examination of the bill and re-
port. I believe that it is a just claim. It was ob-
jected to by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Pryor.] I understand that objection will be with-
drawn if the bill be recurred to.
Mr. PRYOR. I will withdraw my objection
to that bill. ;
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi- |
nois has the floor; and if cases are to be recurred !
to, the one stated by him must be first disposed of. i
smith & hunt. ;
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill I i
refer to is House bill No. 317, for the relief of
Smith & Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio. It is a case in
which the gentleman from Ohiq [Mr. Wade]
takes a greqr; (lea} of interest. I understand ob.
jection was made to the bill by the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman is mistaken.
I did not object to the case he indicates; objection
was made by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Crawford.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Georgia will withdraw his ob-
jection.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will hear the bill and
report again read. I understand that the object
of the bill is to pay $9,200 to this firm for freights
and expenditures upon certain railroad iron.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the bill be
laid aside I will agree that there shall be a vote
taken on it in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Georgia object to taking up the case ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will not say that T will
object to it. I want to hear a statement from the
gentleman from Illinois.
There being no objection, the case was taken
up again.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My name
appears as having reported this bilf. It was re-
ported. not by me, but by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade.] He takes a great interestin
the case. He investigated it with great care. He
has been called from the city by sickness in his
family, and he has written here to ask that it be
taken up and passed. I think that the case isone
of very great merit. I would be glad if gentlemen
will let it go into the House. If a separate vote
is wanted upon it, I will not object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I understand that
this is a case for the payment of commissions for
freightage, &c., of which the claimants have been
deprived by the action of the Government. It is
a ease appealing to the equity and justice of this
House,-and I trust that it will be passed.
Mr BURNETT. I have examined this case
with a great deal of care, and I do not agree with
the gentleman from New York. I suggest, how-
ever, to my friend from Georgia [Mr. Crawford]
to withdraw his objection, and to let the bill go
to the House, with the understanding that it shall
be voted on separately, upon the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If that be the understand-
ing I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, That is my
proposition.
The bill directs that there shall be paid to Smith
& Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio, the sum of §926,90, be-
ing the amount paid by Smith & Hunt as freight
and charges on railroad iron transported while
in bond from New York city to Toledo, Ohio.
it appears from the report that during the years
1853 and 1854 the petitioners were storage, com-
mission and forwarding merchants, resident and
doing business at Toledo, in the State of Ohio, the
same being the port of entry for the United States
collection district of Miami. During the said
years of 1853 and 1854, the petitioners, as such
carriers and commission merchants, brought from
New York city, tinder the provisions of the ware-
housing act, in bond for the payment of the
duties of the same at Toledo, four thousand tons
of railroad iron, and paid freight, storage, &.c.., tho
| charges thereon; the said iron having been im-
j ported into the port of New York for the Cincm-
j nati,Logansportand Chicago Railroad Company.
! These charges, paid by the petitioners while the
| said iron was in bond, constituted a legal hen on
j said iron in favor of the petitioners, to the amount
of $9,265 90, subject, however, to tho prior hen
of the United States for the payment of the import
duties chargeable on said iron. While this rail-
road iron was in the legal custody and control of*
the petitioners at Toledo, as above stated, subject
only to the paramount lien of the United States
for the duties chargeable against the iron, the said
railroad company was insolvent and unable to pay
the duties due the Government on said iron, or to
paythe petitioners their just chargesonthe same;
and that this fact was fully made known by the
petitioners to the then Secretary of the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
House bill No. 317r The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. HOARD. Is it understood that there shall
be a square vote upon it in the House ? [<4 Yes!"
*'Yes!"] There is a report of tho Secretary of
the Treasury which I would like to have reao. •
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not .
