THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Mr. ASHHOB.E. Will thi^entleman allow
me three or four miritites in whiSl to make a state-
ment? I will not detain the House long.
this' morning, whicti was read for information,
basfed, as I presume every member knows, upon
an outrage committed upon a member upon this
floor from Virginia, by the New York Herald, in
its issue of yesterday. I presume* every member
present has either read or heard of the character
of that outrage. I am free to say that it is the
most infamous as well as the most libelous that
I have ever known made upon a member of a
deliberative body in the whole period of my life;
and one in which I hope every member upon this
floor, no matter to what party he may belong,
will feel a personal interest, and take as if com-
mitted upon his own representative dignity,'the
outrage alluded to.
The paper referred to has in frequent portions
of its report of the proceedings of this body of
Monday, interpolated paragraphs, characterizing
an honorable member on this floor, from the noble-
Commonwealth of Virginia, as a liar and a libeler.
It has been done, as represented in that paper
throughout what purports to be the official report
of the proceeding;! of this body, by one of the re-
porters admitted by its courtesy to a scat in the
reporters' gallery. But, lest I should do injustice
to that reporter, I have obtained a certificate, with
his permission, from the telegraphic operator,
which shows the true source from which this in-
famous assault emanated. I desire that certificate
to be read, and then I propose to witluliaw the
resolution I offered thisj morning.
The statement was read, as follows:
Office of tjie American Teixgrvpii Company,
January 2j, 18.VJ.
Having been authorized liy .Mr. L. A. Uobriglit, the re-
porter ot' the associated press, to exhibit his copy, I lictcby
certify that the allusions to Hon. Roger A. Pryor, ot' Vir-
faiia, contained in the report ot" the pioceedtnji-* of the
louse of Representatives of tlic United States, of Monday
last,in thoNmvYoriv Herald of ye->tfui:ty, u not con-
tained in the maauncri pt copy telegraphed over tins line to
the associated prefes. A. MACFF.Ei.Y,
Telegraph Operator.
Mr. ASHMORE, It will be perceived from
that certificate that the reporter of the associated
press, who has a seat ill that gallery, made it fair,
candid, and impartial report of the proceedings.
The conclusion, then, is inevitable that the sub-
ject of offense was i nterpolated in that report after
it reached the city of Now York. Thus, sir, is
one of the leading journals in the United States
found, in order to depreciate tile, character of a
Representative 011 this floor, committing the most
foul and infamous assault,, as 1 have before said,
that 1 ever knew to have been perpetrated upon
a member of any deliberative body; and thai, too,
under the false assumption of a true report of the
proceedings of thi* Hou.se. It becomes us then,
1 submit, if we had the power to do it, to expel
from that place, no matter however innocent they
may be, the reportei-s who an; there by the per-
mission of this House, to report for a paper which
mis so grossly abused our courtesy. But such is
the condition of the House at this time, that I
know that no vote could be had upon that resolu-
tion. I therefore simply wish to call attention to
the fact, and to ask tliis body if it is willing to
tamely submit to this fraud upon it and the coun-
try ?
It i.s true, as 1 have stated, that the reporter,in
this case, is innocent; but, admitting that, after
the report has been made and sent to New York,
and is there interpolated with repeated assaults
upon the private character, the honor, and repu-
tation of a member of this body, as if for the pur-
pose of advertising itso as the mme certainly to
reach the eye of hi s associates upon this floor,
how are we to reach the evil but by the course I
have indicated? Recollect, gentlemen, that each
one of us is liable to a similar base perversion of
the purposes of the press. I11 view of this fact, I
give notice that, as long as 1 have the honor of
holding a seat upon this floor, and when we are
in condition to carryout the purpose of the reso-
lution I had read, 1 will introduce a similar one
in all cases of like offense, and tost whether this
House is disposed to submit to such outrages
upon its dignity. I will move to have the reporter
of any paper so offending expelled from that gal-
lery; I care not upon whom the assault may be
made—whether upon an American, Republican,
or Democrat. I will not only vote to expel him
from there, but I would offer a resolution, if I had
the power to do it, that such paper shall never
have another reporter in that gallery while this
building stands. I now withdraw the resolution.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to say one word in
regard to the same subject alluded to by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Ashmore.]
There is no member upon this floor who depre-
cates personalities, upon either side, more than I
do; nor who has listened with more pain to the
attacks that have been made by gentlemen on
either side of this House on the motives or the
principles of those who differ with them. I have
nothing to say in regard to this particular case,
and yet, the House and the country will remem-
ber that there has been in regard to the two per-
sons alluded to by the gentleman from South Car-
olina, language used in the New York Herald, and
upon this floor, which had far better not have
been used at all.
Mr. ASHMORE. With that I have nothing
to do.
Mr. COLFAX. I merely allude to it. I do
not stand here aw the champion or the apologist
of the New York Herald. But if the gentleman
from South Carolina is about to commence n sys-
tem of purgation of the reporters'gallery, I want
him to go back and commence in the regular order
in which these transgressions have occurred; and
I wish to draw his attention now to the fact that
he will find that the official organ of this Admin-
istration—I allude to the Washington Constitu-
tion—has so far forgotten the dignity of its posi-
tion, as to brand Representatives upon this floor,
who have dared to vote for the man of their choice,
for Speaker, as " traitors,"and has used the most
dishonoring invectives 111 regard to them, saying
as a friend reminds me that they had been " bought
with a shilling." I only draw the attention of the
gentleman from South Carolina to this fact so that
the ax when it falls shall fall upon all who trans-
gress the rules of decorum, which the gentleman
has alluded to.
Let me add one thing further: The language to
which the gentleman refers is language certainly
which I cannot and do not approve. I have never,
as gentlemen will bear me witness, used person-
alities of any kind here in debate towards those
who differ from me; and those who have seen the
paper that I have conducted know that I do not
indulge in peisonalities tin re. But I stand here,
and I shall always stand here as the defender of
the freedom of the press in this country; and if
gentlemen do not like the press to strike back,
they should themselves withhold the blow which
provokes it. I always regret to sec gentlemen ris-
ing here with newspaper extracts in their hands,
and basing upon them persona! explanations, in
which they employ language which, for the sake
of harmony and concord and for the sake of keep-
ing our record fiee from personalities, might as
well be omitted. These differences and disputes
had better be settled elsewhere. I do not allude
to the code of honor, but outside of this House,
in the courts, and not be brought here. Gentle-
men who sit upon this side of the House have
been attacked by the very paper to which the gen-
tleman alludes, in the severest and bitterest lan-
guage of invective.
We have been called traitors to our oaths, trai-
tors to the Constitution; and harsh and irritating
as the language of yesterday's Herald is, it is not
harsher or severer than the previous language of
the same paper, used against gentlemen who know
themselves to be faithful to the Constitution and
the Union, and which has been copied and incor-
porated in speeches of gentlemen of the other side.
Have they not called us incendiaries5 Have they
not branded us as guilty of treason? Have they
not in a variety of ways gone beyond that parlia-
mentary decorum which should govern m a body
like this? And they should remember that to
thus characterize their fellow-members is as irri-
tating and offensive as any personal language that
can be used in the columns of a newspaper.
I have been betrayed into these remarks beyond '
the point I intended. I desire to state to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina that, if it is his desire
to expel reporters from the reportcrs'gallery who
themselves transgress the rules of parliamentary
decorum, or to expel them when the editors whom
they represent offend in a similar manner, I hope
his impartiality will induce him to search out all
the papers that have thus transgressed, and apply
the punishment equally to all.
Mr. ASHMORE. Mr. Clerk, I do not see the
applicability of the gentleman's remarks as a re-
sponse to anything I have said. This article I
have referred to purports to emanate from a person
privileged by this House to a seat in the reporters'
gallery; but I have shown that it did not. emanate
from him. He is innocent; a fraud has been per-
petrated upon him, and another party is guilty,
A fair and impartial dispatch of the proceedings
was sent 011 to New York, and a deception was
practiced, by the interpolation in that dispatch as
published in the Herald, in order to assault a gen-
! tleman, a member of this House. When assaults
| are made upon members of this side or of that
j side by those who do not hold privileged seats in
| the gallery of this Hall, I have nothing to say.
! They are not the recipients of our courtesy
1 Editorials in newspapers are generally written by
I persons presumed to be personally responsible for
what they write. Certainly, if I ever feel myself
so far aggrieved as to render it obligatory for me
to take notice of a newspaper assault, where such
I paper is worthy of the proper notice of a gentle-
; man, I will hold the party responsible personally
: at some place or ill some way. I hold this to be
1 a thing of an entirely different character, assault-
ing, as it does, a member, by means of a fraud
i upon the proceedings of this body.
; Mr. GRO VV. I ask the gentleman for informa-
tion—as I could not hear him—whether he claims
that in this transaction any blame attaches to the
; reporters of the press ?
; Mr. ASHMORE. I think not; arid, sir, my
' sole object was to have the certificate I sent to the
1 Clerk's desk read, that the innocent might escape
I and the guilt be placed where it properly belonged.
So far as the remarks of the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Colfax] are applicable to the casein
i hand, his remarks about wh#t others have done
| under the editorial head of their papers, I do not
■ see the applicability of it, for they do not occupy
] seats here with the permission of the House.
Whatever those gentlemen say is, I think, a per-
sonal matter exclusively.
| Mr. COLFAX. I understand the gentleman
1 to say that he exempts the reporter from the re-
j sponsibility of the attack, and goes back to the
, editorial department of the paper. Why, then,
does he not go back to the beginning, and to the
|, editorial columns of the paper that has been attack-
1 mg members 011 this side of the House ? He must
| not, however, misunderstand me, and believe that
! I justify any attacks of a personal nature, like
those referred to.
I Mr. ASHMORE. And I hope the gentleman
! will not understand me as willing to take away
the liberty of the press. I am one of those who
will place 110 restraint upon it so long as it is kept
within legitimate limits. When it grows licen-
tious, and has been guilty of fraud to traduce
character, as it has been in the case under consid-
■ eration, I think it ought to he checked for self-de-
fense, and the sake of the honor and integrity of
the body. When a party who derives bpnefit
from the privilege we give his reporters here in-
terpolates their work-in order to insult, through
the person of one of its members, the dignity of
. this body, T hold that we have no other recourse
than to drive from the privileged seats they oc-
cupy those, 110 matter how innocent they may be,
who alone represent in this Capitol the journal
guilty of such offense—not to punish them, sir,
: so much as to protect ourselves from their era-
: ployer, who makes their work for him the means
of insulting us.
i Mr. ETlIERIDGE resumed the floor.
! Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Tennessee yield to me? I do not
like to impose on the gentleman's good nature;
but I understand that he intends to move for a.
vote for Speaker, and what I have to say will
; come before a vote, better than after it.
; Mr. ETHER1DGE. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania Mr. Clerk,
not being very well, my voice will be feeble; but I
can say what I want to say, without much trouble.
We have heard vaiious discussions and reasons
given why this House is not organized, and we
have heard reproaches castupon two ofthe smaller
parties in this House, because they have not gone
over to a third party long ago and organized the
House. Now, sir. there are four parties ill this
