1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
160o
call the previous question upon the bill in tlie
House.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
EDWARD JAKVIS—AGAIN.
Mr. BURNETT. X now ask the unanimous
consent of the committeeto go back to thobill (No.
343) for the relief of Dr. Edward Jarvis, which
was objected to by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Pryor.]
Mr. WALTON. Tho gentleman has with-
drawn his objection.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
IIENRY ETTIXG.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the consent of the
committee that tho act (S. No. 91) for the relief of
Henry Etting may be reported back to the House
with the recommendation that it bo referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. There was some
misunderstanding about the matter. I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES JAMES LANMAN AGAIN.
Mr. WALTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to go back to the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of Charles
James Lanman, which was objected to by the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. PRYOR. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. NOELL. I do not object to the consid-
eration of the bill; but I believe we arc getting j
into a system of doing business which will em- j
barrass us, and I give notice that after this I shall j
object to going back.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
ANTHONY IT. BAYARD.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the committee to go back and
take up the bill (H. R. No. 315) for the relief of
Anthony W. Bayard. It was objected to, and
passed over; but the objection has been with-
drawn.
Mr. CURRY. I object.
OLIVER HARRIS.
A bill"(H. R. No. 347) for the relief of Oliver'
Harris.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. BURNETT. I must object, unless there
can be some something from the Department to
show that this man has an equitable ease; and j
there is nothing in the report, or anywhere else. :
of that character, that I know of.
IIANNIBAL GRAIIAM.
A bill (H. R. No. 348) for the relief of Hanni-
bal Graham. [Objected to by Mr. Crawford.] !
PETER ROGERSON & SON.
A bill (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of Peter
Rogerson & Son, of St. John's, Newfoundland,
owners of the British brig Jessie.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Peter Rogerson & Son, owners of the
British brig Jessie, for losses incurred by reason
of the rescuing of the passengers and crew of the
American ship Northumberland, in December,
1857, when in a sinking condition, and conveying
them to Cork, Ireland, the sum of §7,788 75, or
so much thereof as may be neccssary; provided
the proper proportionate part thereof, according
to the number of British subjects rescued, shall j
be paid by the British Government. j
From the report, it appears that the British brig 1
Jessie, the property of Peter Rogerson & Son, ot j
St. John's, Newfoundland, while on a seal-fishing ;
voyage in the month of December, 1857, fell in j
with the American packet ship Northumberland, 1
in a foundering condition. That by groat exer- ;
tions and at personal risk, during a violent gale i
and heavy sea, the passengers and crew, consist- ;
ing of more than sixty persons, some of whom .
were women and children, were transferred on ;
board the Jessie, which was then necessarily put
back to Cork, Ireland. That the delay conse-
quent thereon broke up the voyage, which was of
a lucrative character, and entailed heavy expend-
itures upon her owners. That for these disburse-
ments and contingent profits lost the proprietors
of the Jessie believe themselves entitled to some
compensation from tlus Government. The loss re-
sulting from this humane conduct of the captain
of the Jessie amounts to ^7,788 75.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
FRANCIS HUTTMANN.
An act (S. No. 78) for the relief of Francis
Huttniann.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to adjust the claim of Francis Hiitt-
mann for return of tonnage and light duties ille-
gally exacted and paid by him* on Peruvian,
Danish, and German vessels at the port of San
Francisco, California, and to pay him the amount
due, with interest at the rate of six per cent, per
annum, from the date of the exaction of the duties.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This is a Senate
bill, which comes to the House with no report.
The facts are so simple that no report is neces-
sary: and, with tin: consent of the committee, I
will state that, in 1849, Huttmami entered in the
port of San Francisco four vessels—one a Danish
schooner, one a Hamburg bark, one a Hamburg
brig, and another a Peruvian baric—and paid dues
upon them to the amount of §549. Tonnage dues
are not exacted by our laws from vessels of those
countries with which we have reciprocity treaties.
These tonnage dues, with interest thereon, amount
now to $900; and the purport of the bill is to
refund that sum.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman from New York whether those treaties
were subsequent to the exaction of these dues, or
prior thereto.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. They were prior
thereto, and they continue up to the present time.
The Department has recommended, the repay-
ment of the dues.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the bill
by inserting the proviso, that the amount shall
not exceed $900. If that amendment is adopted,
I shall not object to the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
No objection beingmade,the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
TENCH TILGHMAN.
An act (S. No. 79) for the relief of Tench
Tilghman.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
tho Treasury to pay to Tench Tilghman, out of
any moneys in tho Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of §1,000, for losses sustained
by him in consequence of his appointment to a
consulate, which was abolished by the Spanish
Government while he was on his way to take
charge of the same. ,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This bill is in the
same position as the last one to which I called tho
attention of the committee. General Tench Tilgh-
man, of Maryland, was appointed, in 1849, as
consul to Mayaguez, Porto Rico. While on his
way, he was notified by the Government that the
consulate had been suppressed. Our Government
was not aware of it, until notified by the Spanish
Government. Upon receiving that notification,
they informed Mr. Tilghman of it. The object
of this bill is to recompense him for his expenses
upon that journey. These expenses have been
recommended to be paid by two Secretaries of
State. The Committee on Commerce asked for
a bill of particulars, and that bill amounted to
§1,025, allowing only a reasonable rate of ex-
penses.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Did he enter upon
the discharge of his duties ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. He did not enter
upon his duties; nor did he receive any recom-
pense.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
ARTHUR EDWARDS AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 221) for the relief of Arthur j
Edwards and others.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has been in-
formed that, by order of the House, a Senate bill
has been substituted for the House bill: and the
question will be on the Senate bill.
Tho bill was read. It directs the Postmaster
General to audit and settle the account of Arthur ;
Edwards and his associates, for transporting the !
United States through mail in their steamers,
during the years 1841) and 185S, and intervening
years, from Cleveland, in Ohio, to Detroit, in
Michigan, and from Detroit to Cleveland; from
Sanduskyfin Ohio, to Detroit, in Michigan, and
from Detroit to Sandusky; and from Toledo, in
Ohio, to Detroit, in Michigan, and from Detroit
to Toledo; and to allow and pay them not less
than $28 60 for each and every passage of the
steamers between said places, during that time,
when the mails were 011 board.
Tho report was read.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would say to the
gentleman from Georgia that I have examined
this case, and am satisfied the bill ought to pass.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will state my objection
to the bill. I take it for granted  _
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order for the
gentleman to debate the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I examined this
matter, and the bill ought to pass.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say that I un-
derstand the bill to give extra compensation for
carrying the mails from 1849 to 1853.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman is
under a misapprehension.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I misunderstood
the reading of the report.
Mr. COLFAX. If there be no objection, I will
state the facts of the case.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will hear the gentle-
man's statement.
Mr. COLFAX. These men were carrying the
local mails between Cleveland, Sandusky,Toledo,
and Detroit, receiving therefor the pitiful sum of
§3 75 per trip. They were also instructed to
carry tho through mails. They declined to do so,
at first, on the ground that there was no appropri-
ation made to pay them. The agent of the Post
Office Department assured them that he was in-
structed by the Department to say, if they carried
these through mails, they would bo paid a rea-
sonable compensation. Under this assurance
they carried the through mails, often at great in-
convenience. They frequently had to wait un
hour and an hour and a half for tho arrival of the
mail trains, to receive the through western mail
from them. When the matter was submitted to
the Department, the only question was, how much
they should be paid. General Cass, now Secre-
tary of State, saw Mr. Campbell, the Postmaster
General, on the subject. The Postmaster Gen-
eral promised to take it up, but under the pres-
sure of business the matter was overslaughed and
neglected.
There is no question as to the service having
been performed; no question as to its having been
done by authority. The evidence, which is vo-
luminous, shows that sometimes they carried as
much as one hundred and twenty-eight bags—
over eight tons—of through mail matter; for all
which, continued as it was for four years, they
have not received a single cent.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana how much is appropriated for the carry-
ing of this mail ?
Mr. COLFAX. Twenty-eight dollarsand sixty
cents for every time that they carried the through
mail. The Postmaster General is to determine
how many times that was. The mails were car-
ried during the season of navigation.
Mr. CRAWFORD. How long is that?
Mr. COLFAX. About six months.
Mr. STEVENSON. Why has payment been
denied so long?
Mr. COLFAX. It was delayed by Postmaster
General Campbell, who told General Cass that he
would have the account examined and settled;
but it was overslaughed and not paid, and the
present Postmaster General cannot now pay it, as
it occurred under a former administration, unless
Congress authorizes it. The bill wasunanimously
reported by the Senate Committee on the Post
Office and F'ost Roads; it was passed unanimously
by the Senate; and it has been unanimously re-
ported by thcPost Office Committee of this House.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. It is the cheapest mail
service that has been ever rendered in this coun-
tr5Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have examined
tho bill, and believe it ought to be passed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I withdraw my obje%tion;
and I pledge myself to make no further objection,
