1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
because of the fact that members appeal to me to
"withdraw objections, and they make it a persona]
matter.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair will state that
all these appeals are entirely out of order; and the
Chair has made every effort to suppress them.
No member of the committee has a right to call
upon another member, who may have objected,
to give a reason for his objection. It is out of
order, and a breach of the rules of the House.
The Chair has done all he could do to suppress it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Docs the
Chair say that one member of the committee may
not, by unanimous consent, appeal to another
member ?
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
the unanimous consent of the committee.
Mr. GOLFAX. I beg pardon of the gentleman
from Georgia. I only desired to state the facts
for the information of the committee; and I un-
derstood distinctly from him that he was willing to
hear them. If I objected, and a member satisfied
me that the bill was a just one, I should cheer-
fully withdraw the objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no refer-
ence to the gentleman from Indiana, because he
was proceeding by the express permission of the
committee.
Mr. CRAWFORD. We have to allow discus-
sion under pressure, and contrary to the rules of
the House.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know how much
money this bill appropriates?
Mr. COLFAX. It allows60for each trip.
The trips were for four years. They were per-
formed by the authority and instruction of the
Post Office Department. It is areasonable amount;
and my impression is that it ought to be higher.
As to what tlie aggregate amount will be, I have
not calculated.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee, while I call out an addi-
tional answer from the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Kentucky will bo heard.
There was no objection.
Mr. BURNETT. The first objection to this
bill is its vague and indefinite character. It pro-
poses to give to mail contractors for extra services
—the gentleman from Georgia was right when he
so stated it—from 1849 to 1853, so much per trip.
Neither in the bill nor report is the time stated
that it took to make these trips, the number of
trips made, nor the amount of money to be drawn
from the public Treasury.
But the gentleman from Georgia is applied to to
withdraw his objection; and wc ate called upon
here, by unanimous consent to permit the bill to
be reported to the House with a recommendation
that it do pass; while it neither fixes the amount
to be paid, nor the number of trips made; and
while it does not have a single recommendation
from the Post Office Department that the bill ought
to pass—not one, so far as we have it before us.
Now I say to gentlemen that they may appeal to
me; and when I make an objection here, if the
objection be based on merits, J will not withdraw
it for any appeal. Believing that the bill is wrong,
I do object to it.
The bill was accordingly passed over. J
ALLEN L. PORTER. I
A bill (H. R. No. 351) for the relief of Allen L. j
Porter. [Objected to by Mr. Smith, of Virginia.] I
PCOTT, HOUSE, and jrOUSE. |
A bill (S. No. 22) for the relief of John Scott, i
Hill W. House, and Samuel 0. House. [Ob- !
jeeted to by Mr. Kellogg, of Michigan.] !
Mr. CRAWFORD. Tt is now three^ o 'clock,
and we have a bill to vote upon in the House by j
yeas and nays. I move, therefore, that the com- i
mittee do now rise. :
t Mr. GA11TRELL demanded teller*. 1
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gautrell |
and Schwartz were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported !
—ayes seventy-one, noes not counted. j
The motion was agreed to. H
PlilVATE BILLS PASSEU. j|
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav- ||
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Branch reported that I1
the Obmrmttec of the Whole House had had the j!
Private Calendar under consideration, under the 1
30th rule of the House, and had instructed him
to report back the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 313) granting a pension to
Abraham Crum;
A bill (H. R. No. 314) for the relief of Emma
A. Wood, widow of the late Brevet Major George
W. F. Wood, of the United States Army, with
an amendment;
A bill (H. R. No. 319) granting a pension to
Major John F. Hunter;
A bill (H. R. No. 318) for the relief of Andrew
E. Marshall, with an amendment;
A bill (H. R. No. 320) forthe relief of the heirs
of Rev. James Craig, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 342) for the relief of James
Phelan;
A bill (H. R. No. 344) forthe relief of the legal
representatives of Sylvester Day, late a surgeon
in the United States Army;
A bill (C. C. No. 91) for the relief of Thomas
Fillebrown;
A bill (H. R. No. 34G)-forthe relief of the legal
representatives of P. P. Hall, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of Peter
Rogerson & Son, of St. John's, Newfoundland,
owners of the British brig Jessie;
An act (S. No. 78) for the relief of Francis
Huttmann, with an amendment;
An act (S. No. 79) for the relief of Tench
Tilghman; and
A bill (H. R. No. 317) for the relief of Smith
& Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
bills will be voted on en masse, excepting House
bill No. 317, on which a separate vpte is desired.
There was no objection.
The amendments were then agreed to; the House
bills wore engrossed, and then the bills were read
the third time, and passed.
SMITH & HUNT.
A bill (H. R. No. 317) for the relief of Smith
& Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio, reported from theCom-
mittcc of the Whole House, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: I ask the
yens and nays on that bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. They were or-
dered. It was the unanimous understanding m
committee that they should be taken. It was
also understood that a brief statement of the case,
pro and con., should be presented for the consider-
ation of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not pro-
pose to call the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of V irgitn<u I think that the
friends of the bill should preAent it in its most
engaging aspect, and those who dissent from the
views thus presented will, of course, present the
opposite views. 1 give way, therefore, to the
gentleman from Illinois to give the reasons why
the House should pass the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
want to state any further reason than is stated in
the report. 1 will say to the House, however, that
Mr. Waul, who has served m this House many
years, and who is known to be one of the most
careful men, and best lawyers in the House, hatf
j^iven this case a very attentive consideration.
The report, winch is here under my name, was
made by him, and I tlunk the case is fairly stated
m it.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire, sir, very
briefly, to make a statement un the consideration
of the House 
Air. TAPPAN. Will the gentleman give way
one moment' Are there not some other bills that
are not contested ?
The SPEAKER. This is the only bill undis- j
posed of.
A'Ir. TAPPAN. i move to reconsider.
james craig's hkiiis—again.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to inn aire about
bill No. 320, for the relief of the heirs of Rev.
James Craig, deceased. It was objected to, and
there was an agreement that the yeas and nays
should be colled. That cannot be one of the bills
that has been passed. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] objected, but afterwards
withdrew his objection, on the condition that the
vote would be taken by yeas and nays m the
House.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. If required.
Mr. HARRIS, ofVirginia. With the permis-
sion of the House, I will state that I was instru-
mental in getting Mr. Farnsworth to withdraw
his objection. The remark which he made to the
committee was to this effect, that he desired the
privilege of demanding a vote upon the bill, and
of making an explanation why it should not pass.
Mr. Farnsworth is not now in the House; and
I make this statement in the hearingof his friends,
that they may dp the same for him as he would
perhaps do if he were present.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say one word in
explanation of my position.
The SPEAKER. The bill was passed.
Mr. BURNETT. Then it was passed by mis-
take, and I shall be compelled to move to recon-
sider the vote by which it was passed. There was
an express agreement, and I so marked on the
Calendar, that on this bill the yeas and nays
should be called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that course
should be taken. The vote will be regarded as
reconsidered. The question will be on the third
reading of the bill.
Mr. CURRY. When that bill was before the
Committee of the Whole House, I offered an
amendment to it, which was adopted. Subse-
quently to the adoption of my amendment, the
gentleman from Illinois objected to the bill. After-
wards, while I was temporarily out of the House,
the bill was called up again, and laid aside, to be
reported without amendment. I think that unan-
imous consent might be given to having the amend-
ment offered here.
The SPEAKER. If there be unanimous con-
sent, the amendment may be considered.
There being no objection, the amendment was
offered, and agreed to, as follows:
Provided however. That the moneys herein appropriated
shall be paid to the heirs of said James Crai?, m person, or
to such agont ov attorney of the heirs as shall appearto the
accounting odicer of the Tieasury to be in no way inter-
ested in the same, or any part thereof.
The bill was then engrossed, and read the third
time.
Mr. BURNETT. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
'the bill was passed.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bills reported from the Committee
of the Whole House were passed; and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the House that
it is hardly proper that that should be done. If
by any accident it should be discovered that any
bill has been improperly passed, we ought to be
able to correct it.
Mr TAPPAN. I believe it is understood that
they are all right now.
A'lr. STANTON. That may be, but I cannot
see the necessity for the motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New Hampshire waive his motion?
Mr. TAPPAN. Yes, sir; I am willing to waive
it for the present. My object was to have the
bills disposed of.
SMITH & HUNT—AGAIN".
The House resumed the consideration of the bill
for the relief of Smith & Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I really have no
feeling of repugnance to this bill, and I propose to
occupy not more than five or six minutes upon it;
and then I will leave it with great good temper to
the judgment of the House.
I understand the facts of this case to be these:
A certain railroad company in one of the western
States—I do not remember which now, but I '
think Ohio or Illinois—imported four thousand
tons of railroad iron. The iron was shipped by
their order to a house in Toledo, this house of
Smith & Hunt—I do not know if Mr. Smith is
any kinsman of mine, but he is a very clever
gentleman. The goods were brought to Toledo
at their expense and charge, and were there
bonded, in conformity to our revenue laws, to the
Government of the United States for the duties
While they remained there in that position, the
railroad company, desiring to use the iron at an-
other place, and not being prepared to pay these
duties, directed it to be shipped to a place upon
the Ohio river, and under the laws,as then exist-
ing, and as now existing, the goods were bonded
