164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Re'dcdion of Senator Douglas—Mr. McClernand.
Ho. oi? Reps.
could, wait for his chance; and that he might be
expected to be fighting our battles in 1860. Mr.
Covode told me that that was substantially what
was said, and he would state it upon this floor.
I would like to have said a few words more, in
relation to some other matters, but the rap of the
Chairman's hammer admonishes me that I have
exhausted much more than the time allowed by
the rules of the House. I return my thanks to
gentlemen who have kindly given me their atten-
tion to that which concerns the Republicans of
Illinois and the Democracy of that region more
directly, perhaps, than gentlemen from other parts
of tho country.
RE-ELECTION OP SENATOR DOUGLAS.
REMARKS OP HON. J. A. McCLERNAND,
01? ILLINOIS,
In th*£ Housg of Representatives,
March 13,18G0,
In reply to his colleague, Mr. Kellogg.
Mr. McCLERNAND said:
Mr. Chairman: Of course it would be improper
for me, at this late hour of the day, to trespass at
any great length upon the time and attention of
the committee. Nevertheless, I feel myselfcallcd
upon to respond now, very briefly, to the observa-
tions which have fallen from my colleague, [Mr.
Kellogg.] I am not surprised at the irritability
and pugnacity of my colleague. Indeed, I would
not te surprised at anything he might say or do
under existing circumstances. He is mad, sir,
stark mad; not that much learning has made him
so, but that his wounded vanity and vindictive
passions have crazed him.
My colleague is determined to mako himself
notorious, since he cannot become famous. Ero-
tostratos, who burned the temple of Diana, was
impelled by the same fanaticism*, and so the less
classic adventurer, John Brown, who made the
late raid into Virginia. And, as these prototypes
of a morbid ambition became victims of their own
folly, so I fear my colleague, too, will share the
same unhappy fate.
What is the gentleman's dilemma? Professing
to be a Republican, he is only accounted by Gree-
ley to have a slight varnish of Republicanism upon
him; scarcely enough to conceal the alleged de-
formity of his original politics as a Whig. And
accordingly he is denounced by Greeley as hav-
ing been faithless to duty in the late contest for
Speaker. Obnoxious to the Republicans, he is
still more so to the old-line Whigs, whom he de-
serted in their time of need, in his lust for the
flesh-pots of Egypt; and still more so to the Dem-
ocrats, whom he has always violently and bitterly
opposed.
A Member. And libeled.
Mr. McCLERNAND. In short, sir, accord-
ing to the evidence before us, the gentleman has
been recreant both to Whigs and Republicans.
In turn, shirking every party, he has provoked
the resentment and distrust of all.
What is the gentleman's object? Obviously
to exalt h^nself into public notice by trying to
worry Senator Douglas, and, at the same time,
to try to patch the rents in his damaged credit,
by revamping an exploded charge. Having noth-
ing to lose, his category reminds me of a graphic
description by Swift, I believe:
" A wrong dilemma in a desperate case;
To act with infamy, or quit the place."
In his vanity, the gentleman would affect an
importance which does not belong to him. He
talcoii on airs. Why, sir, he would climb around
- the giant stature of the Senator into notice as the
stealthy creeper winds its spiral way around the
huge trunk of the majestic oak into the light and
air of heaven. Or, as $ barnacle attaches itself
to the keel of the noble ship to be carried into
seas and realms otherwise beyond its reach, so
the gentleman would hitch himself to the Sen-
ator's coat tail, in order to follow him into better
company.
Let me exhort tbegentleman to desist his sense-
less crusade against the Senator; it can only react
upon himself. The Senator is above the reach of
hia malice. Fortunately for both him and the
country, he is far above the reach of th6 bats and
owls that would carp and hawk at him. Like the
eagle, his flight is in the azure sky,.his unquail-
ing gaze in the sun's blazing disc, and his perch
upon the mountain rock. ' His piarch is irresisti-
ble and onward to the final triumph that awaits
him at the hands of a just and generous people.
^ The gentleman repeats to-day, with some varia-
tion of form, the same charge that he made here
some two months, or more, since. And what is
that charge? In substance, that Senator Douglas
and Horace Greeley had conspired together for
the purpose of securing the reelection of the Sen-
ator to his present official station. Or the gentle-
man, speaking for himself, says:
" I charge that Mr. Greeley was again and again, with
others, in consultation in the parlor of Judge Douglas,
planning and scheming the election of Judge Douglas to
the Senate of the United States from the State of Illinois."
Now, let me meet this charge so distinctly made
by the gentleman as to time, place, and persons.
Suppose Mr. Greeley did offer his assistance to
the Senator: had he not a right to do so ? And if
he had donejso, would it have been either wise,
or civil, or proper, for the Senator to have rejected
the offer with indignity—to have kicked the of-
ferer out of his house? The gentleman will not
say so. On the contrary, erratic as he is, if a
Democrat of his district had unwittingly offered
to vote for him, he would have gladly accepted
the offer, with a profound bow in acknowledg-
ment of the favor. And why has not Senator
Douglas an equal right to accept the suffrages or
support of his political opponents ? Perhaps the
gentleman himself, in the course of time, becom-
ing convinced of the error of his ways, may offer
to atone for it by supporting the Senator for
President, or some other office, upon the assur-
ance that—
" As long as the lamp holds out to burn,
The vilest sinner may return."
When this charge was first made, it was met by
a prompt and emphatic denial, both by Senator
Douglas and Mr. Greeley. Mr. Greeley's denial,
in a communication to my colleague himself, is in
these words:
"I see, by the telegraphic dispatches of to-day's proceed-
ing, that you have been commenting on my dispatch, and
on me, in terms which seem, so farai I can make out what
you were at, to require no comment on my part, except in
f>o fur as they street a political adversary. Senator Douo-
las and I have been acquaintances for ten years or more,
during \yhich time each has given and taken hard blows,
but, I trust, no loul ones. I am willingto call the account
balanced, if he is. Once only in our lives did we agree on
a political question—that of resisting the attempt to force
an abhorred constitution on the people of Kansas. During
the struggle on that point, 1 was callcd to Washington, and
went to his house, where we had two conversations on
pending political topics. There was at least one witness
in each instance, and that witness is now a Republican
member of the House. Never, before nor since, have Mr.
Douglas and 1 conversed on politics, save as opponents;
and on that occasion I am glad to have a witness to con-
firm my own clear lecoUection that Mr. Douglas's rewlec-
tion to tho Senate, or his future election to any post what-
ever, was not even mentioned. And never did any letter,
message,or word pass between us, implying a desire on ins
part that I should, or a promise on mine that I would, sup-
port him, at any time, for any office whatever. And who-
ever has at anytime repoited to you aught inconsistent
with this must have drawn on his imagination for his facts,
or hf  laboring under the grossest misapprehension.
"Mr. Kellogg, there is just one remaining tie of sym-
pathy«bctwecn Senator Douglas and myself, now that the
oid relations of political antagonism between us are com-
pletely reestablished. I detest his doctrines,but I like his
pluck. Had he signed, ever s«o heedlessly, a circular rec-
ommending Tom Taine'sAgc of Reason, you would never
have found him prevaricating, nor apologizing, nor depre-
cating; lie would have simply and coolly told his adversa-
ries to make the most of it.' Oh, that some Republicans
could be, not merely almost, but altogether such as he is in
this respect, however unlike in every other!
" Respectfully, IIOKACE GREEI,Efc.
" New Yokk, December 6,1859."
Senator Douglas's denial is equally unquali-
fied. It is in these words:
Washington, December 7,1859.
My hear Sir: Your note is just received, informing
me that Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, in the course of a discus-
sion in the House of Representatives to-day, made the fol-
lowing charge against me:
" Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois. I charge that Mr. Greeley
was again and again, with others, in consultation in the
p&rlor of Judge Douglas, planning and scheming the elec-
tion of Judge Douglas to the Senate of the United States
from the State of Illinois."
Now, while it is true that men of all shades of political
opinion have been in the habit of visiting my house for the
ten years I have kept house in Washington, and while it
may be true that Mr. Greeley, among others, may have vis-
ited at my house within that time, it is wholly untrue that
I ever planned, or schemed, or had any arrangement what-
ever with Mr. Greeley, at my house or elsewhere, for the
purpose of securing myjeelcction to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. On the contrary, the charge, in all its parts and
import, is utterly false.
- Very truly, your friend, s. A. DOUGLAS.
Hon. J. A. McClernand, Home of Representatives.
Not only is the charge thus authoritatively con- *
tradictod by the parties implicated, but tho very
witnesses upon whom  it was supposed my col-
league relied to substantiate ithave also, I under-
stand, contradicted it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Who are they?
^ Mr. McCLERNAND. One of them is the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Col-
fax,] who has just spoken for himself. The
other is the honorable gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Clark B. Cochrane;] both leading mem-
bers of the Republican party. I repeat, that tho
gentleman from Indiana, in his answers to my
colleague, has absolutely disproved the charge,
in all its parts and import. Nor can my colleague
escape from the consequences by the substitution
of bold assertion for facts. He has assumed—
gratuitously assumed—that Mr. Greeley was
called to Washington during the session of 1857-58,
by Senator Douglas. Who told him so? Where
is his proof? He has none! He has also, in
like manner, assumed that when Mr. Greeley
had come here, he hastened to the Senator's resi-
dence, without waiting to brush the dust from his
clothes. Again, where is the evidence to support
this assertion? There is none.
Failing, sir, ingloriously failing, to make good
his charge in its original form, and as first brought
forward, what is the gentleman's aim to-day It
is, sir, in a last resort, to substitute generalities
for particulars, suspicion for proof, and himself
for other failing witnesses. This, sir, is his ob-
ject; and in striving now to accomplish it, he has
exactly followed the prediction of another col-
league, [Mr. Logan]. That gentleman, in an elo-
quent reply, at the time the charge was first made,
said that, m the total absence of any testimony to
support it, the author of the charge would take
time 44 to run around and hunt up as many sciib-
blers" as he could find willing " to sign a state-
ment respecting some conversation—any conver-
sation-—between Senator Douglas and any other
pel-son." And not stopping here, my colleaguo
wentfurther,and characterized the charge in these
terms:
" This is the charge preferred against Senator Dopglas ;
preferred yesterday and repeated to-day without pioof, al-
though called l'o/, and at tho same time promised by my
colleague. Under these circumstances, I intend to btamp
this charge as base coin, to brand it as it deserves to be
branded, and to hold my colleaguu to the i?-uc he h.w mack'
and repeated so defiantly. lie shall not dodge it; he ^hail
not escape from it under tiie smoke of a contest on am sulo
issue. He shall stand or fall by the single isaue he has
chescn and proclaimed."
Failing now, as before, to establish his charge,
how much more magnanimous would it be for tho
gentleman to withdraw, unqualifiedly withdraw
it. Indeed, he should have done so upon its first
contradiction. Such a course was equally duo, in
justice both to himself and the parties aecuscd by
him. His honor required it. I regret, for my
colleague's sake, that he did not do so.
The charge, however, is, for other reasons, in-
credible and absurd. Senator Douglas and Mr.
Greeley are the last men to agree in anything.
They are, sir, the very antipodes of each olher.-
They regard every political question from differ-
ent stand-points. One is an eminently practical
man, trying everything by the standard of its
feasibility and utility. The other is a great cas-
uist, and, although distinguished for his political
sagacity, is, nevertheless, a theorist and abstrac-
tionist. One is a Democrat, the other is a Red as
well as Black Republican—a Republican of the
French sans culotte school. Such men must al-
ways antagonize each other. It is natural for
them to do so. Hence no man more vehemently
opposed the reelection of the Senator than Mr.
Greeley. The vigorous assaults with which the
Tribune newspaper teemed, during the memora-
ble contest of 1858, in Illinois, bear abundant and
conclusive proofs of this fact.
I took some part in that contest, and know some-
thing of it. It was no ordinary contest, in which
political opponents skirmished for the amusement
