1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
for that placc. The company, in the mean time,
while the goods were in transitu, managed to get
hold of them in violation of all tho duties it owed
to its contract and engagements, and laid down
the iron upon the road. The Government of the
United States sent an agent to assert its right to
the goods for the payment of the duties, and they
recovered possession of the iron, and the duties
were paid. In the mean time, there was a subor-
dinate Hen on the part of Smith & Hunt for the
expenses which they had paid upon the shipment
of the iron from New York to Toledo, and the
question is about those expenses, amounting to
about nine thousand dollars.
No w, why should the Government of the United
States be made responsible for this claim? No
one pretends that the Government of the United
States, in all its action in connection with this
subject, did anything more than assert its unques-
tioned legal rights. The United States had a right
to their lien upon these goods for the duties, and
they asserted that right. They asserted that right,
and ultimately received the amount that was due
them—no more, and no less. It so happens, how-
ever, that in consequence"of these conflicting liens,
this particular commission house, which was jj
making a profit out of the transaction, failed to jj
secure their lien upon the goods, the goods going
into the possession of the railroad company; and !
as to their claim, I suppose, coming under an- I
other obligation, they thus losing possession of the j
•goods. But they did not lose possession of the j
goods, I want gentlemen to understand, by any i
fault of the United States; and the whole question I
for this House is, shall the United States make ,
good the bill of the commission house for costs j
and charges paid by that house, for which the j
United States were in no sense whatever, in the
slightest degree, responsible?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question? I desire to
see if I understand this case. I understand this
railroad iron to have been shipped from Europe
to Toledo, Ohio, and there bonded, and in the pos-
session of these warehousemen. I understand the
gentleman to say that the revenue laws allowed
the railroad company to have it ordered by the
United States to Evansville, Indiana, or some
other place, where it might be bonded; that the
United States did order the iron out of the hands
ofSmith&Hunt; and that before itreached Evans-
ville, by a trick of the railroad company, it was
stopped in transitu, and thei%by these men lost
their lien. Are those the facts?
Mr. SMITH,W Virginia. The gentleman will
understand that the goods m Toledo were under
bonds to answer the demand of the United States,
the duties to be paid under those bonds whenever
the goods were consumed by the railroad compa-
ny. Under the law they had a right to have them
transferred to another port. Tbe company, in
obedience to the law regulating these questions,
and ill conformity with their unquestioned rights,
directed the public agent at Toledo to ship these
goods to Evansville, in Indiana. They gave bonds
_ to answer the demands of the United States at
that point, and the goods accordingly, as the Uni-
ted States was bound to do, were shipped. It is
true, that on the way the company, by a trick,
got possession of the iron; but it was a trick to
which the United States were not a party. They
had nothing to do with it. The company com-
plied with the law, and the United States com-
plied with the law. The goods were bonded and
shipped to Evansville, Indiana, and, on the route,
the company managed in some way to get pos-
session of tlftm. But it was no fault of the Uni-
ted States. It was no fault of these gentlemen
either, it may be; but the company stopped the
goods in transitu and got possession of them.
They did not want the goods a-t Evansville, but
at Logansport, where their road commenced.
Now, that being the case, I ask what fault the
Governmentof the United States committed which
should subject it to this demand ? Do you mean
to say that the Government of the United States
is to embarrass itself by the private contracts of
individuals? Do you mean to say that theGovern-
mentshould become responsible forgoods brought
and bonded to the United States? You do say
so if you make the Government responsible for
this amount. There is 110 escape* from it wherever
there are these ports of entry; and 1 am sorry to
see a disposition here to extend the system. The
other day Macon, in Georgia, was made a port of
entry.
Mr. GARTRELL. Only temporarily.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. Now, then,thatbe-
ing the state of the case, I ask what merit there is
in it ? Why, sir, as I said, a bill was passed the
other day making Macon, in Georgia, a port of
entry. Well, if the Government enters upon the
system of making these interior towns ports of
entry and delivery, and if the principle upon which
this bill is based is to be recognized, there is no
telling the amount which the Government will be
called on to pay in the shape of damages.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Were these
claimants tho owners of the warehouse atToledo,
or how does their claim arise ? Were they merely
the Consignees of the iron, or were they the agents
of the Government for warehousing the iron?
Mr. PETTIT. They were both._
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir; they were
commission agents at Toledo. They hadtheiron
transported to Toledo, and there received it, on
consignment, into their warehouse; which, for
that purpose, became a bonded warehouse of the
Go vernment.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What I
wanted to inquire was, whether the Government
rented that bonded warehouse, or whether it was
merely the private warehouse of these parties?
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. It was their private
warehouse.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then the
whole case is a matter of private contract, and
lias 110 merit in it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have now pre-
sented the facts of this case substantially as I
, understand them. I repeat, that if I have not mis-
| understood the facts, the Government of the Uni-
j ted States has committed no wrong act; it has j|
j done nothing that is not in conformity to law. I|
i Mr. Guthrie was Secretary of the Treasury at the j|
I'time. He understood the law and his duty, I take Jj
I it for granted, as well as any man here; and he I;
I sought to enforce the law in all the stages of the jj
proceedings. I repeat, that the Government of the !i
United States has proceeded strictly in conformity j
to the law in every particular; and it is not even
alleged that it has not done so. !;
Mr. MAYNAIID. Before the gentleman from ji
Virginia takes his seat, I wish to ask whether :j
these claimants hare, in fact, sustained any actual
loss in this transaction ? !j
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I think they have, jj
As far as I am informed, they have failed thus far
to collect their costs and charges 011 the iron. 1
Mr. MAYNAIID. Then, is it not incumbent :
on the Government to reimburse them? j
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. That brings mo to I
the consideration of the question which the gen- !
tleman suggests. The question I ask is, whether j
those parties have not a subsisting demand upon ;
the railroad company? Tliey have such a de-
maud. Nobody questions that. On the contrary, ,
they have broughta suit in Toledo, and recovered |
the' costs and the charges they had paid on account
of their importing this iron. I say, they have re-
covered a judgment against the company; but
the judgment,is worthless, for the reason that the
company is insolvent, as I understand—utterly
insolvent. But is that an answer to the question
why Uncle Sam should foot the bill ?
Mr. COX. It is a question of equity.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 ask the gentle-
man from Ohio if, because these parties fail in
enforcing their claim against the railroad com-
! pany, that is a sufficient reason why they should
I come to the Government of the United States and
' ask us to appropriate a sum sufficient to reimburse
j them? For it comes to that, I repeat, Mr. Speaker,
j to recapitulate, that tho United States, in this
! matter, have done nothing that is not in conform-
: ity to law. These petitioners have a private de-
' mand 011 this railroad c'ompanv for the money
j they had advanced, but which they have not
1 collected because of the insolvency of the com-
j pany, and they now come here, and, withoutim-
peaching the good faith of the Government in any
| particular, demand that their losses shall be made
i up to them. I say there is no law, nor is there
i any equity, to sustain the claim, and it involves
| pn'nciples which arc dangerous and alarming for
! us to establish. .
j Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the
I floor.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me, for the purpose of making a statement of
the facts connected with this claim to the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the House
wish to hear any further statement in reference to
the facts of this case, I will yield to the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Virginia has, in the main, made a correct
statement of the facts connected with this case;
but his statement embraces some errors which, .
perhaps, I can correct more conveniently by refer-
ring to the prominent facts of the transaction.
It is hardly necessary to say that this was Brit-
ish iron. It came to New York to the care of
Smith & Hunt as consignees; not to the railroad
company. They had, therefore, from tho begin-
ning, apossessory right over the property. Under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
in pursuance of the course which is pursued under
the warehousing system, Smith & Hunt, having
received the iron, caused it to be transported to the
port of Toledo. This was a recognition of their
righ t to direct the transmission of it from one ware-
housing depot to another. Now I beg the House
to consider that the possession of the iron contin-
ued with them up to this time. They had their
right of possession in their character as consignees;
and on its arrival at Toledo they there acquired a
new right. The Government had no warehouse
at Toledo. It became necessary to provide a pri-
vate warehouse. Smith & Hunt had a ware-
house at Toledo. The Government engaged them
to store the iron in their warehouse, taking their
receipt for it, they binding themselves by the act
to stand responsible to the Government for the
duties due 011 the iron. Here was a second right
of possession over tho iron—a double right; first
as consignees for their advancement of charges,
which entitled them to possession; and next, by
the possession given them by the Government.
The railroad company had no control over this
matter; and whenever it was subject to be removed,
it was not on order of the railroad company; or
if it was upon their order at all, it was only after
having obtained the consent of Smith & Hunt as
consignees; and as they wore acting 111 the char-
acter of consignees and bailees, they were enti-
tled to have the first satisfaction for the advance-
ments which they had made upon it, before they
could be called upon to surrender the iron to any
parties but the Government. I believe I am cor-
rect so far in stating the facts of the case.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have only to say
that the facts, as stated by me, are not contro-
verted by the report, nor even by the parties them-
selves. The iron came into their possession, and
if they had rights above those ofthe United States,
I ask why it is that they did not avail themselves
of their rights? if they lost their claim through
their own negligence, they ought not to come
here for relief.
| Mr.PETTIT. Ihavestated thefactsjustasthey
exist in the report. Before the iron had reached
i Toledo, this railroad company was notoriously
i bankrupt, and the Secretary of the Treasury was
| notified of that fact. The stock of the company
■ was worth nothing; not a single step in the prog-
1 ress of the work was being made at that time.
! Rut it becamc desirable that' those persons who
stood in the position of bondholders should ob-
1 tain possession of the iron, as security for their
! own payment, without the necessity of paying
the claim of Smith & Hunt for costs and charges,
i for which they had a lien upon the iron; and the
! sequel of the transaction was only the execution
| of that purpose. A person affecting to have con-
! nection with this company made application to
' the Secretary of the Treasury to have this iron
! removed from Toledo, at the western extremity
! of Lake Erie, to Evansville, in the southwest part
1 of Indiana. Sir, it ought to have been within the
i knowledge of the Secretary of the Treasury, if
I it were not, that when he was asked to transfer
this iron to a new bonded warehouse, the point
of its new destination was a distance of almost
' three hundred miles from any point of this road;
• almost twicc as far as the port of Toledo. Such
a request was enough to arouse suspicion,
j Mr. HOARD. Let me call the attention of the
! gentleman from Indiana to what the Secretary of
■ the Treasury says in that regard. He says:
j The law gave the latter the option to enter the iron for
II consumption at Toledo and pay the duties there, or to enter
