1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sents Ins other constituents no bettor than lie does
the President, I have little hope for him. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ETHERIDGE. If any other gentlemen
wish to make any remarks, I will yield the floor
to them. I hope my disposition now to yield the
floor will inure to my benefit hereafter, when I
may desire to interrupt other gentlemen.
Mr. Clerk, I did not rise for the purpose of in-
dulging in any extended remarks. I was pro-
ceeding to show, when I yielded the floor so often,
that as we had been discussing matters generally
for two whole weeks, the best indication we could
give the country of a disposition to organize the
House would be to proceed at once with the call
of the roll. [Cries of' 'Agreed!'' from both sides
of the House.] It is possible that I may be mis-
taken in supposing that gentlemen are willing,
once more, to vote, in preference to continuing
this profitless debate; but, as most of the members
are now in their places, I will ask the House to
submit once more to a call of the roll—to take a
vote—if, in doing so, I am not considered " out of
o*der." I therefore make the proposition, pledg-
ing my word, however, to withdraw it if anybody
objects. We have had two or three speeches to-
day, and during the past eight or ten days I have
listened with pleasure to a good many excellent
speeches. If any gentleman has now anything
ijew to present, and which will nid in the organ-
ization of the House, I will yield him the floor.
But if gentlemen will reflect coolly, I think they
will arrive at the conclusion that to organize this
House, the best way to begin, in view of success,
is by calling the roll and having a vote—that to
attain that end we must stop this debate, and vote.
I think I may speak for many of my friends. J
do not think there is one of those with whom I
act who is not willing, from this time forth, to
close his mouth, stop debate, and proceed with
the voting. If there is any one with whom I act
in this House who thinks I state the proposition
too strongly, I would thank him to rise in his
place and say so.
Mr. Clerk, I am not going1 to take any liberties
with the Democratic party now; but this I will
say to the Republican party, that, inasmuch as
they have evinced during this contest a disposi-
tion to be silent, I am not asking too much from
them when I request that they conscnt in a body
to follow the line of action I have indicated. If
they arc willing, all right; if not, let them now
say so, or forever after hold their peace.
To my Democratic friends let me make this
suggestion: none of you will deny that you have
had a full,deliberate,and fair hearing. You have
dissected Helper; you have been repressing the
" irrepressible conflict," [laughter;] you have,
in imagination, run your plowshares over the
ruins of a dismembered country. I say you have
been heard patiently; and, notwithstanding all
you have said and predicted, I can declare, with
all sincerity, that my fears are not excited—no
painful apprehensions arc aroused as to the dread'
results which gentlemen have predicted; for no
one, I presume, has yet reached the conclusion
that we will finally fail to organize. I submit,
most respectfully, that the Democratic party has
had a full hearing.
The records show that you have consumed
much more time in debate than all other parties
here. If you have not spoken enough—I do not
say you have-—I will not urge my proposition. I
will not make any suggestion which can be con-
sidered unfair or illiberal.^ Now, would it not be
well, by common consent, that we should agree
to vote for two weeks, (for it is just two weeks
since we have voted,) and then, if a speaker be
not elected, gentlemen would have some pretext
or reason for renewing the debate, and, so far as
I am concerned, they may speak again for two
weeks before voting. [Laughter.] I will pledge
my word of honor that, if you give your consent
to this proposition: if it is adhered to in good faith
for this period of time; and if we further proceed
to voting, we will organize the House before that
time expires; elect a Speaker—one, sir, who will
preside with dignity and impartiality, and a de-
gree of fairness, which will, at all events, enable
us to pass the appropriation bills; and, when it is
done, I will—I care not who may be'elected, and
notwithstanding the fears of gentlemen—guaranty
the Union to endure fur at least twelve calendar
months thereafter, [daughter,]
During the next two weeks it is agreed, then,
that there shall be nothing done but call the roll
and vote for Speaker. To this we are all agreed.
If we get again into a general debate—we are, as
we know, easily excited—gentlemen will inter-
pose with various questions, and the debate will,
as heretofore, run off to every point of the polit-
ical compass, and the subjects discussed will,
finally, become as boundless as space. If any gen-
tlemen are resolved to keep up the discussion, I
presume they may do so forever; but I can make
the gratifying announcement that the Democratic
party is agreed to my proposition! This, Mr.
Clerk, you will acknowledge is the greatest tri-
umph that any gentleman upon this floor has yet
achieved. This i? the first time, during the ses-
sion, that this body has been a unit. I appeal to
the Republican party, to theDemocratic party 
Mr. BOULIGN~V\ I should like my friend to
tell mo who he calls his friends ? He says the
Democratic party are his friends, that the Repub-
lican party are his friends, and so he goes through
all the parties here.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. lam glad the gentleman
has asked me the question. I call every man my
friend who wears an honest face, speaks the Eng-
lish language, swears by the Holy Bible, and does
not spell Constitution with a" K." [Laughter.]
Mr. BOULIGNY. I hope my friend has not left
me out of his remarks, because I do not speak the
English language. I do not, however, spell Con-
stitution with a " K."
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana is embraced among my friends. I recog-
nize him with as much pleasure as any gentleman
in the House. I was only suggesting a point at
which we could begin. Now, in all these speeches
which have been made, gentlemen have felt it their
duty to make 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. As the gentleman
has just announced that we have all agreed notto
speak for two weeks, suppose he stops here, and
let us take a vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I was urging that prop-
osition—pressing it to sec whether any gentleman
objected to it—to the agreement to close debate
for the present, and, if it is necessary, to accom-
plish that object, I will agree to justify almost
everything that has been heretofore said here, pro-
vided that, hereafter, it 13 not to be repeated.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman allow
mo to make a suggestion ?
Mr. ETHERiDGE. Certainly.
Mr. HINDMAN. In bringing about this state
of unanimity and harmony, the gentleman has
forgotten one important element of the House.
The gentleman of the anti-Lecompton party are
not made a party to this compact.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I was going to allude to
theni when the gentleman interrupted mc. It is a
rule that when we are indulging in an agreeable
repast, we reserve the best for the last. fLaugh-
ter.] And T had a kind word ready for them, be-
cause they are of more consequence just now than
anybody else. I will say, in justice to them, that
they have never spoken but as they have been
called up, and you know that they have been
called up repeatedly.
I have not spoken during this session except to
accomplish somepiacticalpuipose. My purpose
now is to get this House in good humor; to draw
the minds of gentlemen off from this wild idea of
disunion, and to get them into a condition to vote
and to net; for, so far as thnt matter of disunion
is concerned, it is for the people to decide, and not
for us. The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] said to-day that this country was upon
trial; that a bill of indictment had been preferred.
I was glad to have it put in that shape; for it is
to the country that I appeal for a safe deliverance;
and it will be remarkable if tins great country of
ours, with its school-houses and churches, and
all its moral power and intellectual resources,
should ho 011 trial for its own safety, and should
decide to destroy itself. I appeal confidently to
this great country. It will take care of itself and
I warn gentlemen, if this contest is kept up much
longer, the country will take care of us, and con-
sign us to a merited oblivion. [Applause.]
Now, Mr. Clerk, I believe I have the word of
honor of every gentleman here, that there is to be
no more debate for two weeks—for be it remem-
bered that wc have had no vote for that period—
and I pledge myself, if my programme of action
is carried out, we will have a Speaker in, t#o
weeks; and, I doubt not, in less than the nextiive
days. - ' *
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. There is oneim-'
portant party you have omitted—Horace Fi
Clark.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will take care of my
candidate. [Laughter.] I will give security that
he will behave himself. :
Mr. HILL. While the gefttleman is establish-
ing this harmony, allow me to suggest that it
might be well to agree as to the number of votes
which shall be taken daily. I trust we shall not
be voting all the time—from twelve until four or
five o'clock.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I suggest this, and I have
no doubt it will be agreed to—I have 110 doubt
anything I suggest will be agreed to by the House,
because I am obliged to everybody and every-
body is obliged to me—say three times. Will
we agree to that? We all do agree, and the
House is now almost organized. If the House
will allow me to do the talking, we will have a
Speaker, I doubt not, very soon. [Laughter.]
We are now, I repeat, almost organized. I now
move that we proceed to vote for Speaker.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; whvi the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Blanch, Brown, Campbell, Clark B. Cochrane.
Davidson, Dimmick, Hall, Hamilton, Hickman, Jenkins.
Maclay, Reynolds, Scott, Simms, Stallwortli, Stanton.
James A. Stewart, Thayer, Vandover, and Wood.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BURCH stated that Mr. Scott had paired
oil'with Mr. Wood.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Simms for the day.
Mr. BURNETT stated that Mr. Simms had
been detained m his room several days by sick-
ness.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he had paired off with Mr. Stewart, of Mary-
land.
Mr. CURTIS stated that Mr. Vandever had
paired off with Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. WINSLOW stated that Mr. Branch had
paired off with Mr. Clark B. Cochrane for the
day.
Mr. OLIN stated that Mr. Davidson had paired
off with Mr. Thayer.
Mr. COVODE stated that Mr. Hall had paired
oft'with Mr. Dimmick.
Mr. WINSLOW stated that Mr. Hickman
hud paired off with Mr. Maclay.
Mr. BOCOCK stated that Mr. Stanton had
paired off with Mr. Harris, of Virginia.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, stated that Mr.
Kellogg, of Illinois, had paired off with Mr.
Simms, and that he had paired off with Mr. Stan-
ton; but that, by an arrangement between the
friends of the parties, Mr. Stanton was to be con-
sidered as paired with Mr. Simms for to-day, in
order that ho and Mr. Kellogg might vote.
Further proceedings under the call were then
dispensed with.
Mr. Etiieiuoge's motion thai the House pro-
ceed to vote viva voce for Speaker, was agreed to.
TIIIIlTY-l'IFfn BALLOT TOll SPEAKER.
The tellerb having taken their places, the House
proceeded to the thirty-fifth ballotfcfrSpeakeiywith
the following result: Whole number of votes, 215;
necessary to a choice, 108;. of which—
Mr. Sherman leceived 103
Mr. Bocock ^   51
Mr. William N. [I. Smith    26
Mr. John G. I)avK  f>
Mr. Hamilton    4
Mr. Horace F. Clark   4
Mr. Cllinur  3
Mr. Nifolaek  3
Mr. Larrabee  3
Mr. Taylor    2
Mr. Wmslovv       2
Mi.Adrain   9
Mr. Lamai  1
Mr. John Cochrane   J
Mr. Phelps  1
Mr. Botelei    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detaii:
Fen Mr. Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich,
Aliev, Ashley, Babbitt,- Bealc, Bingham, Blair, Blake,
Diavton, BuHinton, Burlingame, Burnliain, Burroughs, But-.
torfield, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conkling, Corwin,
