THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. BOCOCK'. I make that motion, then.
[Cries of" Oh, not" and "Withdraw it!''] "Well,
I witbdra\V'iT for the present, . ' -
: Mr.'HATTON. Believing- that this whole
proceeding wilt result in ho good * but-in much
harm, I renew the motion to lay. the whole sub-
ject oh the t'aWe.' In'making the motion, I do not
wish to be understood as expressing any opinion
in rfeferenee'to the conduct of these gentlemen. I
mafte the motion -because I believe this proceed-
ing can result irr no good: I do not indicate how
I would vote if I were called upon to vote on the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio. I make
the motion to lay on the table in good faith.
Mr. BURCH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, nays 100; as follows:
YBA8—Avery. Bark-dale,' Boeock, Bonham,
Boteler, Boyee, Briggs, Hutcii, Burnett, John B• Clark,
Clopton. John Cochrane, James Craig,. Burton Craige,
Cravvlord, Curry, Djjvidaon, Dimmick, Florence, Fouke, 1
domett, Uartrell, Hamilton, Haidenian, J. Morrison Harris,
John T. Harris, Hatton, Hill, Ilolinaii, William Howard,
(laches. Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kent, Lamar, Laiidrum,
Logan. Love, Maclay, McQueen, Mcitae, Miles, Mont-
sromerj, Sydenham Moore, Niblaek, iSfoell. Peyton, Piyor,
t-iuorles. Reagan, James C. Robinson, RulTm, Schwartz,
tiiekles,' Sinnns, Singleton, William Smith, Stalhvoitli,
James A. Stewart, Stout, Thomas, Underwood. Vallan-
digliam, Vance, Webster, Whiteley, Wuislow, Woodaon,
and Wright—70.
fj A VS—Messrs. Charles P. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrioh, Allen, Alley, William C. Amlenon, Ashley,
Babbitt, Ueale, Bingham. Blake, Brayton, Bristow, Buflin-
ton, Burlmgame, lininhain. Butterfield, Carey, Caitei,
Case, Coll'ax, Corwm, Covnde, II. Winter Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duel!, Diuiu, Edgeitou, Edwards, Eliot. Farns-
wiirtli, Fenton, Feriy, "Foster, Frank, French, Graham,
Glow, Gurlev. Hale, Helmick, fliokman. Hoard, William
A. ilovvaid. Hutnphicv, trvme, Junkm, William Kellogg,
Keiiyon, Kilgore. KiHuiger, DeWittC. Leach, Lee, Long-
nceker, Looinis,' Lovejoy, Mallory, McKean, McKinglii,
Mcpherson, Million. Laban T. Moore, Moorhoad, Morrill,
Kdwatd Jov Moiris.' Nelson, IVriy, 1'etiif, Porter, Potter,
Cottle, Reynolds, ltiee, Chlistoplier Itobinion, Koyee,
■3h"iman. William >S. H. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
tens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratum, Tnppan, Thayer,
Theakcr, Tompkins. Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyelt, Ver-
.e.:, Waldron, Walton, Elliliu li. Washburiie, Israel Wash-
burn, Wells, Wimlom, and Woodrufl'—100.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CURTIS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. PEfJM.eton.
Ml'. NIXON stated that he had paired off with
Air. Scott, until Tuesday next.
Mr. TAYLOR stated he had paired off with
Mr. Blair.
Mr. BRABSON said: I way not within the bar
wlieji niy name was called; but I desire to say
that, believing the House of Representatives is no
,iia"e to aettle personal quarrels, 1 should have
voted to lay the whole subject on the table, if I
nad been in when my name was called.
Mr. HILL said: 1 wish to say that 1 shall
change my vote. J. do not think that wo are going
to arrive at any proiitable conclusion. 1 have not
yet voted on this call; but I voted before against
laying the subject on the table. I will go as lar
as any other man to vindicate the dignity of the
House; but 1 do not think that we.shall arrive at
any profitable conclusion in this matter. The
House has so frequently been in disorder this
session—not, by any means, by any fault of the
Chair, I would say—but the occurrence of to-day
wjs in keeping with a great many scenes whrh
have transpired heretofore, and 1 do not see why
'his case should be made an exception. 1 there-
fore voto'• ay."
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
- The question recurred upon ordering the mam
question, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, i hope the yeas
and nays will be withdrawn.
Mr. WINSLOW. Would it be in order to
move to postpone this question until to-morrow?
I think that it had better be postponed. ! think
that if we W'U take a little time to consider the,
matter, it will be easy enough for all of us to agree
as to what course ought to be pursued.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
not in order, the previous question having been
seconded.
Mr; WINSLOW. I know the motion is not
in order without the consentoftheHouse. I ask
the consent of the House to make the motion.
Objection was made.
The question Was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrieh, Al-
toil'ax Corwin, Covode, Dawes, Delano, Dtleil, Dunn,
id"eiton, Edwaids, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fenton, Feiry,
I.....,,,t- (;.i<k 111. Giaham. Grow. Guilev.
Colli
Edgeitmi,    , . ,
Foster, Frank, French, Gooeli, Giaham, Grow, Guiley,
Hale, Helmick, Iliekmau, Hoard, William A. Howard,
ter, Potter, Pottlo, Reynolds, ltice, Christopher Robinson,
Koycc, Sherman, Spinnei, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewait. Stratton, Tnppan, Thayer, Tlioaker, Tompkins,
Trimble', Vallandigham, Vandever, Verrec, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Win-
dom, and Woodruff— 91.
NAYS—Mcssis. Green Adams, Allen, Avery, Barksdale,
Ban, Bocoek. Bonham, Boilllgny, Boyee, Bnggs, Blistow,
Bureh, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John Clark, Clopton,
Cobb, John Cochrane. liuitnn Craige, Crayvlord, Curry,
Davidson, Dimimck, Florence, Fouke, Gamett, Gartrell,
Hamilton, lla.deman, John T. Hams, Hatton, Hill, Hoi-
man, William Iloyvaul, Ilugh"^, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,
Kent, Kil^ore, Lamar, Landrum; JamesM. Leach,Lo^an,
Love, M.ielay, Mallory, Mavnard, McQueen, Mcitae,
Mtlca, Alillson, Montgomery, Sydenham Moore, Nelson,
Nihlack, Noell, Tryor, Push, Ciuarles, Reagan, James C.
Robinson, Rutilii, Sclnvaitz, Sickles, Siniins, Singleton,
William N. 11. Smith, Stallwoill), James A. Stewart,
Stokes, Stout, Thomas, Uudeivvood, Webster, Whiteley,
Winslow, and Wright—79.
So the mam question was ordered to be now
put.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. CASE stated that he had paired fur the
balance of the day with Mr. Smith, of Virginia.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 beg now to make another
appeal to the House to allow this matter to go
over until to-morrow.
Several Members objected.
Mr. LAMAR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. I move that, when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. BARKSDALE called for the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I ask the House
to allow me to make just a suggestion. One por-
tion of this House is anxious to have avote upon
this question. They are desirous of having a
direct vote upon the resolution, and upon the
amendment if it is insisted on. Another portion
of the House is desirous of having the question
postponed until to-morrow, or until some future
day; and they are certainly strongenough to order
the yeas and"nays upon any dilatory motion they
may see fit to make.
Now, this is private bill day. We have already
wasted three hours upon a matter foreign or ir-
relevant to the legitimate legislation for the day.
It is perfectly evident to me that no vote will be
reached upon the subject of this resolution to-day,
and I appeal to the House, by general consent, to
allow it to go over until another day, and let us
take up the Private Calendar.
Mr. DAWES. There is amotion pending to
censure my colleague; and [ trust there will be a
vote upon that motion before the House passes
to other business. I give my consent to no ar-
rangement that shall postpone that question.
Air. WINSLOW. What is the question before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina, that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. KEITT. I will withdraw it for the present.
Mr. LAMAR. X withdraw my motion, for the
House to adjourn, for the present.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I now make this question
of order: that, other business having intervened,
this resolution, proposing to censure members of
the House, for words spoken in debate, falls, un-
der the rules, f ask for the decision of the Charr
upon that question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I take an appeal from the
decision ot the ohuir.
The SPEAKER. The Chairwill state that, to
the bestof his ability, ho supposes the House has
been in the consideration of this business all the
time.
Mr. VERREE. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained .as the judgment of the
House. ■ ' •
The question then recurred on -MivWinslow's
motion to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I desire to make this ques-
tion. We have already twic;e refused to lay this
matter on the table; and I ask whether the motion
is again in order;
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is,
a vote having been taken on ordering the main
question since the House last voted on a similar
motion. •
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask for the yeas and naya
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Avery, Barksdale, Bocoek, Bonham,
Bouligny, Boyce, Biabson, IJng^s, Burcli, Burnett, Hor-
ace F. Clark, John 13 Clark. Clopton, John Cochrane,
James Craia, Bui ton Crai e, Crawford, Curry, Davidson,
Dimrtiiclt, Ediiiiind^on,Floienee. Fouke, Gamett, Giirtrell,
Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hill, llol-
man, William Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,
Keitt, Lamar, Landrum, Logan, Love, Maclay, McQueen,
McKae, Miles, Montgoinety, Sydenham Moore, Niblaek,
Noell, Peyton. Plrelp-', Pryor, Pugh, (iiiarles, Reagan,
James C. Robinson, Kuffin, Schwartz, Sickles, Singleton,
Stallwortli, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Thomas, Under-
wood, Vallaudighaia, Wluteley, Winslow, and Wright—
70.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldueii. Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley,
Babbitt, Beal'e, Bingham, Blake, Brayton, Bristoyv,Buffln-
Giinier, Gooeti, Graham, Grow, Guiley, Hale, Helmick,
Hickman, Hoard, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvine,
William Kellogg, Kenyan, Kilgoie, Killiriger, DeWitt C.
Leach, James M. Leach, Lec,Longnecker, Loomi-^Love-
joyrMalloiy, Mar-run, McKean, MeKnight, McPlierson,
Millson, Labau T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Nelson, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice,
Ciiustophet Uobinson, llovce, 'Sherman, William N. [I.
Smith, Spauldnig, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stokes, Stiatton, Tnppan, Thayer, Theaker,
Tompkins. Tumble, Vandever, V erree, Waldron, Walton,
Elliliu 15 Wavhburne, Wells, Windoni, and Woodrufl—99.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. VERREE said /hat his colleague, Mr.
Junkiv, had paired with' Mr. Hamd.tox.
Mr. COLFAX announced that his colleague,
Mr. Kiloore, had paired with Mr. Fodke.
Mr. STOUT said lie had paired with Mr. Pet-
tit on this vote.
Mr. CRAWFORD said, that since he made the
point of order which the Speaker a few minutes
since ovenuled, he had examined the question,
and was satisfied the Speaker was right.
Mr. LAMAR moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina, called for
the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas (JO, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Avery. Rarksdale, Bocoek, Bonham,
Botelci, Bovce, Brab-ion, Burch, Horace F. Clark, Clopton,
Colib, Coiwin, James iBurton Craige. Ciaword,
Cuny, Davidson, Duell, Edwards, Etheridge, Foster, Gar-
net!, Gartiell, Hill, Holman, William Howard, William A.
Hovvaid, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Logan,
Love Maclay, McQueen, Mcitae, Miles, Montgomery,
Svdeniiam Moore, Niblaek, Phelps, Prjor, Push, Quarlcs,
Reagan, Itiggs, ltutlin, Siniuis, Singleton, Stallwortli, Ste-
ven-on, Jaihes A Steyvait, Stout, Thomas, Vance, Web-
ster, Whiteley, Wii"-iow, and Wi ight—GO.
pjAYS-Mcst-rs. Chaile.s F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-'
lain, AUlrich, Allen. William C. Anderson, A^nley, Bab-
bitt, Barr, Beale, Bingham, Blake, Bouhgny. Brayton,
Bustow, Butlinton, Builingame, Burniiam, IJutierfietd,
Carev, Collax, Cot, Dawes, Dunn, Edgerton, Ehot, Farns-
worth. Fenton, Ferry, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooeh, Gra-
ham, Grow, Gitrlev. Hale, Hardeman, John T. Ham-., Hat-
ton, Hehmck, Hickman, lloaid. (Iuinphrey, Irvine,William
Kellogg, Kenyon, Killuigei, DeWitt C. Leach, james M.
Leael), Lee, Longneeker. Loomis. Lnvejoy, Mallory. Mars-
ton, Ma\ nard, McKean, McKmgut. McPlierson, Millson,
Moorhead, Mori ill, Nel-oa, Pett.t, Peyton, Porter, Potter,
ton, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wmdom, and Woodruff—.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I now submit the propo-
sition that this question bo postponed until Mon-
day next. I believe that motion is in order, ana
