1608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
it for transportation'in bond to some other port, and carry
it away from Toledo. Had the Department been satisfied
that the company intended to exercise their option in such
a manner as to take away the lien of Smith & Hunt, it had
no power to prevent !hem from transporting the iron from
tlie port of Toledo to another port, in giving the bonds rc-
quned by the regulations under the warehouse laws."
Mr. PETTIT. I submit that that is not a cor-
rect interpretation of the law.
Mr. HOARD. It is the interpretation of the
present Secretary of the Treasury upon the rights
of the parties.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is the test. I
want the gentleman from Indiana to make this
plain. If he does it, 1 will be glad to see the bill
passed. Had these gentlemen, Smith & Hunt,
superior rights to those of the United States?
Mr. PETTIT. Smith & Hunt's right was
one of possession, consented to both by the rail-
road company and by the Government, confirmed
equitably by large advances of money which they
had made, which established a lien everywhere
allowed, and which made their possession abso-
lute against-the railroad company, until their
charges were paid. Tlie'United States had but
one right, and that was to demand that its duties
should be paid. Beyond that, it had no right.
It had no right of possession, except as accessory
to this.
Now, Mr. Speaker, with a distinct knowledge on
the part of the Secretary of the Treasury that this
company was insolvent, with the knowledge that
there was a purpose of diverting this iron and di-
vesting that Hen, the order was made which did
this large injury to Smith & Hunt, when they
were present protesting against the act and ten-
dering to the Government the full amount of its
duties. I repeat, that Smith &Hont tendered to
the Government, for the purpose of saving their
lien, the full amount of its duties.
Mr. SMITH, of-Virginia. 1 put this question
to the gentleman. Ho said, in his opening remarks,
that these men had a double lien upon this prop-
esty. 1 want him to tell us why, if they had equal
or superior rights, they could not have asserted
them ?
Mr. PETTIT. If the gentleman will hear me
through, I will reply to the point he hasmade, and
will show why that second right, derived from the
Government i tself, was one which the Government
could not defeat until first Smith &. Hunt were put
in that position where they got all their own. But
I wish to go on for one moment with these facts.
Mr. STEVENSON. Where was that money
tendered, and why was it refused?
Mr. PETTIT. I will answer the gentleman.
It was tendered to the collector of Toledo, his
office in the eity of Toledo, and the Government
here was notified of that tact.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like the gentleman
to tell me whether the transfer of the iron from
Toledo to Evansville, or the order of transfer, was
protested against at the time by these claimants?
Mr. PETTIT. I will answer.
Mr. GOOCI-I. I object to interruptions of the
gentleman's speech, until after he makes all his
statements. Jf he is allowed to proceed without
interruption, he will make a statement, probably,
that some of us can understand. That will not be
the case if twenty men are allowed to interrupt
him at every step.
Mr. PETTIT. I will avoid being interrupted
hereafter. But it is most convenient here to an-
swer the question of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. MvvNAnri.l The question is as to
whether these parties did any act in the character
of a protest against the removal of this iron from
their possession. Smith & Hunt, as shown by
this report, did protest against it in terms; and,
in addition, attempted to protect their rights by
the intervention of the courts of Ohio; but, under
the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury,
the United States district attorney, supported by
the marshal and a posse, entered their private
warehouse and took possession of this iron and
gave it into possession of the agent of this rail-
road company. Have I answered the gentleman
from Tennessee?
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us look at what was
occurring at the time, for it was not all accom-
plished ill a few days; the transportation of this
iron having dragged oil many days, as it was
•moved forward, m small parcels, by canal boats.
The Secretary of the Treasury was, at the mo-
ment, absent from Washington. The shipment
of this iron, according to the shipping bills, did
not contemplate that it should go further than
Logansport, less than one hundred and fifty miles
from Toledo. It came to the knowledge of the
collector at Toledo. The shipment of the iron was
stopped on its way at Logansport, and was di-
verted from that point, and was being laid down
upon the road, and he communicated the fact at
once to the Department of the Treasury, at Wash-
ington. The acting Secretary of the Treasury
here interposed, and forbade the removal of any
more of the iron. Mr. Guthrie was at Louisville.
The agent of the railroad company went to Lou-
isville, and obtained from him there an order
countermanding and subverting the order of the
acting Secretary here. In pursuance of that order
countermanding the order of the acting SecreTStry,
this property, by the violent act of the officers of
the United States, was removed from'the posses-
sion of Smith & Hunt.
I have said that Smith &Hunt, at the time of
receiving this iron in Toledo, besides the posses-
sory right belonging to them as consignees, derived
an additional right, from the fact that they became,
by the Government's consent, the private ware-
housemen of the Government, and executed 'to
the Government their receipts for this iron, ltis
a legal consequence of this fact that it was not
the right of the Government to reclaim its posses-
sion by the violent and arbitrary action of its offi-
cers. This is the reason why, in answer to thegen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] I have called
attention to this point. So that the wrongful ac-
tion of the Government, in the official order which
divested the control of this property from Smith
i&Huntand impaired and destroyed their lien, and
the act of violence by which it was seized from
their possession, are alike indefensible.
Mr. STANTON. There is one fact which I
wish to inquire about, and which with me is
conclusive. I want to know by what authority
this property was taken out of the possession of
Smith Sc Hunt ? Was it by order of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, by the United States mar-
shal, or by the party which claimed it?
Mr. PETTIT. It was done by the order of
the Secretary of the Treasury, made at Louis-
ville, countermanding the order made by the act-
ing Secretary of the Treasury at Washington; and
then the possession of the iron was got by force,
through the instrumentality of the United Slates
marshal and his posse.
Mr. WASHBURXE, of Illinois. I call for the
previous question. j
Mr. JOHN OOCHItANE. I want to say a
word or two, and I hope the call for the previous
question will be withdrawn.
Mr. WASHBUltNE, of Illinois. Having an
hour after the debate is closed, I will yield a part
of my time to the gentleman.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question entered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Mr. Speaker, I
wish to say a word in justification of the vote 1^
propose to east upon this lull.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman a portion of my time for that pur-
pose.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I examined this
question at the last Congress very carefully, and I
was fully of the impression then that these appli-
cants, Smith & Hunt, should be remunerated. I
have now a general recollection of the facts, and
upon that general recollection I have pronounced
my opinion and acted thus far, and propose so to
do hereafter. My recollection is to this eifect:
that Smith & Hunt had a hen as special ware-
housemen. Whether they had as assignees, or not,
is immaterial to the question, in my judgment.
It would strengthen their claim, to be sure; but the
facts I have in view are ample to sustain this case.
The goods were entered at the port of New York.
They were entered for this railroad company.
They were transported under the warehouse act
from New York to 'I'dledo, a port of delivery.
They were put in bond ; and when they were with-
drawn at Toledo, the duties were obliged to be
paid to the Government. Smith & Hunt were the
special bonded warehousemen. They asserted
that they had a lien for their warehouse dues. The
Government asserted that it had a hen for its du-
ties. As warehousemen, they undoubtedly could
not tender the amount of duties to the Govern-
ment; the assignees, or they who entered the goods
at the portof New York, alone having that power.
The lien, therefore, of the Government of the Uni-
ted States was at that time, as it always must be,
in order to allow the Government to perform its
functions, superior to the Hen of any individuals,
in whatever capacity they may be acting.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylania. Do I under-
stand that this claim is simply for warehouse
dues?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. For the charges
ftiat accrued to Smith & Hunt, and for which
charges they professed to hold a lien, and as to
which charges they undoubtedly did hold a hen
as against everybody except the United States.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. When they
became, by their own consent, the owners of a
warehouse, did they not deliver the goods into the
warehouse free from all that lien ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. No, sir.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I cannot yield now.
I am merely stating these facts in defense of my
own vote; and after I have finished, I will answer
the gentleman's questions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. But the gentleman says
that the Government of the United States had a
superior lien. Now, does he hold that an indi-
vidual holding an inferior lien, is not bound to pay
the superior lien before he can take the property
to satisfy his own lien ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. As an abstract,
question of law, the gentleman from Georgia is
right; but if he will listen to what I have to say,
he will understand that this proposition, as an
equitable proposition, is equally as clear as the
legal one which he has proposed for my consid-
eration, namely: that if the Government possessed
a lien, and used that lien designedly for the de-
struction ofmdividual property, that Government
should, by all rules, be obliged to compensate for
the injury which it does.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
say that the Government did this thing design-
edly '
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I must proceed
with my statement of the facts of this case; which
facts are necessary for a proper understanding of
this case by the House. In reference to these cus-
tom-house laws, the laws of the land require re-
form,and demand reform, for they are oppressive
and injurious; and this is one of the abuses and
injuries done by tlft; operation of these custom-
house laws. Under this warehouse law, and the
regulations of the Department wfiich depend upon
it, is it that the Government is authorized, in parts
where there are no ports of delivery, to transport
goods, and to make constructive warehouses along
the route. And so all along the line of this rail-
road the Department were authorized to, and did,
make constructive warehouses; so that, in fact,
an ambulatory warehouse was all along the route
of that railroad, wherever the necessities of the
company required that it should be created.
And thus it was, in passing this railroad iron
from Toledo to Evansville and elsewhere, that
the railroad iron was secured by the company
itself and laid down upon the rail, and at the time
it became a part of the realty, the lien of these
gentlemen here claiming relief was destroyed, even
after the lien of the Government was destroyed
by the payment of duties to the Government. I
say this: that under the administration of the ware-
house law, the Department unwarrantably creates
these constructive warehouses along roads, and
having done so in this instance, furnished an in-
strument in the hands of these bondholders, or tho
corporators of this railroad company, by which,
having discharged the lien of the Government for
their duties by the payment of them, they were
enabled to escape the lien of the warehouse by
spiking the rails upon the road. This is the wrong
done in this case. Therefore it was that I gave my
assent to this bill; and although the lien of the
Government is first in order, and should be dis-
charged according to the laws of the land, yet that
lien having been exerted for the injury of these
parties, and the Government having inflicted a
wrong, it should remedy that wrong.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Did not these
gentlemen—Smith& Hunt—have such a lien upon
the iron that they had the right to pay the duties,
in order to protect themselves?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. No, sir. If they
