166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL §LOBE.
[March 13,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Love.
Ho. of Reps.
This is enough to show, sir, that the exclusion
of slavery from the colony of Georgia, was a pure
matter of policy, and discloses what that policy
was. But the colony did not prosper, and it was
soon discovered that ifrnever could, unless slavery
was allowed. The trustees were petitioned,
therefore, year after year, to repeal the restric-
tion, but they persistently refused to do so. Among
•the petitioners for the repeal of the restriction,
was the Rev. George Whitfield, who had estab-
lished a large orphan house in Bethesda, Geor-
gia. The historian gives a letter from this gen-
tleman to the trustees, a short extract from which
I beg leave to read to the committee:
"Upwards of five thousand pounds have been expended
in that undertaking, [the Bethesda orphan house,] and yet
very Jiule proficiency made In the cultivation of my tract
of land, and that entirely owing to the necessity I lay under
of making use of white hands. Had a negro been allowed,
I should yiovv have had a sufficiency to suppot t a great many
orphans, without expending above half the sum which has
been laid out. An unwillingness to let so good a design
drop, and having a rational conviction that it must, neces-
sarily, if some other method was not fixed upon to prevent
it, these two considerations, honored gentlemen,prevailed
on me, about two years ago, through the bounty of my good
friends, to purchase a plantation in South Caiolina, where
negroes are allowed. Blessed be; God, this plantation has
succeeded j and, though at present I have only eight work-
ing hands, yet, in all probability, there will be more raised
in one year, and with a quarter the expense, than has been
produced at Bethesda for several years past. This con-
firms me in the opinion I have entertained lor a longtime,
that Georgia never can or will be a flourishing jnovince
without negroes are allowed."
This was the opinion of one who was consid-
ered in his day as not only a great, but a pious and
good man-.and yetlje would at this day be kicked
from the communion table by his Republican
Methodist brethren of the North. The necessity
of slavery in the colony became so apparent to the
trustees, that after seventeen years they repealed
the restriction. What was the effect of that repeal ?
During^the seventeen years in which slavery had
been excluded, but one vessel was loaded at Sa-
vannah with- Georgia produce for exportation,
and within ten months after tho'removal of the
restriction five vessels were loaded at that place
with Georgia produce and sent to foreign ports.
The colony continued to prosper; but soon Eng-
lish and Yankee vessels began to pour swarms of
wild Africans into all the southern colonies, Geor-
gia included. About the date of the resolution
read by the member, the supply of African labor
exceeded the demand. The resources of the coun-
try were not developed, and its capabilities and
adaptability to cotton unknown. These Africans
were barbarians*, ignorant of our language, unac-
customed to our manners, and hostile to our re-
ligion. The colonists at that date had no use for
the superabundant labor anions them, and be-
sides, there was no sympathy nor affection be-
tween master and slave. The result was a pretty
general and pretty strong anu-slavery feeling
among the people, not only of Georgia, but of the
other colonies also. When or where the resolution
in question was passed the member from New
"York docs not inform us. 1 have inquired in
the Library for the colonial legislative journals of
Georgia, but have not been able to obtain them.
1 find the resolution in none of the works on the
early history of my State upon which I have
been able to lay my hands, yet 1 think it probable
that the resolution was passed in Georgia at that
time somewhere, and therefore do not deny it.
This anti-slavery feeling continued to prevail,
to a greater or less extent, throughout the whole
country, until the year 1808, when the General
and State governments passed laws against the
African slave trade. I do not say that at this
dato this feelingentirely subsided; but it began to
abate, and has continued to abate, until now it
has entirely disappeared. Nor would I be under-
stood as saying that this was owing entirely to
the suppression of the African slave trade. Far
from it. Other causes, potent causes, have super-
vened. Cotton is the staple production of Geor-
gia,and cotton is king. And besides, the African
fathers have passed away with our fathers; their
descendants and we have been reared together;
they are not only our slaves, but they are our do-
mestics; they are of our household, and are part
of our families. When you strike at slavery in
Georgia, you strike at society there, and we will
resist you unto death. Neither the masters nor
slaves desire your interference in this'matter. And
as the member has read a Georgia resolution of
1775,1 propose to read one of 1859:
" Resolved, That we have full confidence in the spirit and
power and readiness of Georgia, and her sister southern
States, to maintain the rights of the slaveholder against all
our enemies, whether found amonginen who have the name
of fellow-citizens at the North, among foreign emissaries,
or in foreign Governments^and that without inviting ag-
gression, we do not waive or postpone the conflict which
such aggressions seek or provoke."
That is the position of Georgia now, sir, upon
this question; and I submit whether it would not
be wiser, and perhaps safer, to consider her pres-
ent rather than her past position in regard to sla-
very. She not oniy takes this position by her
Legislature, but she has taken a position in sol-
emn convention; and, sir, whether it is believed
or.not, she will stand by that position. Whenever
the exigency prises, and she takes that position,
she will be guilty of what is called treason by some
in this House. Then sendon the threatened legions
to whip her back into subjection, and se^ what the
result will be. Georgia despises these threats, as
her Representatives despise the men who make
them.
Having disposed of this matter, I come now to
another point. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. McPherson,] who addressed the com-
mittee some time ago, gave asort of summary his-
tory of the present session of Congress, and made
an onslaught upon the Democracy in general, and
upon the Democracy South in particular. It will
be remembered, sir, that there was an agreement
entered into by southern men to prevent the adop-
tion of the plurality rule, if possible, and thereby
prevent the election of a Speaker under it. I shall
notroad%all that the gentleman said on this sub-
ject, but beg leave to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the following extract:
" The full force of this will be better understood when it
is stated that fifty men, thus banded together, a unit for
purposes of disoigamzation, can, by resorting to the end-
less chain of dilatory motions to adjourn, to adjourn over,
to bo excused lrom voting, &c.,on all which, constantly
repeated, they could call the yoas and nays, effectually and
forever prevent the election of a Speaker, the passage of a
bill, or the transaction of an item of legislative business.
Such a combination was made on the Administration side,
and its nature and terms, and their purpose to persist in it,
openly pioclaimed upon the floor. Tins conspiracy con-
templated three tiling: to prevent a vote being taken on
the pfmality i ule ; to prevent its adoption ; and to prevent
the election of a Speakei undei it. It was made by a mi-
nority in the Hou-e, who, by these aiiti-eou^titutional
methods, proposed to prevent the majoiity from adopting
such rules as would rescue the House from its condition of
cmbanassment. It was an attempt of a minority to coerce
the House into their hue of policy ; to introduce force into
our system—the last desperate resort of those bent on ruin-
ing if no longer permitted to rule."
This is pretty severe language itself, sir, but I
am ready to face it. 1 was one of those fifty men.
I believed I was right then, and I think so still,
ft so happened, that duringthe contest for Speaker
of this House, the Legislature of my State was
m session. That Legislature was composed of
highly intelligent men, and they were fully posted
as to what was going on here. With a full knowl-
edge of the facts, they passed the following reso-
lution:
i( Resolved, That we would prefer that the House of Rep-
resentatives of Congress should never be organized, than
be organized by the election of any man who will not, be-
fore his clcction, declare his recognition ot the equal rights
of the people of the South, with all their property, Wiethe
rights of all other citizens of these States, and his deteun-
mauon to support such equal rights of the South at all times
and in all places."
Sir, I look upon this as an indorsement of the
position which 1 assumed in that matter; and
never, sir, will I he ashamed of an act, or back
down from a position, when I am sustained by the
noble old State which I have the honor, in part,
to represent.
That* gentleman also made a most rcmarkble
discovery. He found out that the Democratic
party had no principles; and he drew his conclu-
sion from the fact that, during the contest for
Speaker of this House, they voted respectively
for Mr. Bocock, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Boteler,
Mr. Millsox, Mr. Scott, Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina, and, perhaps, others, all of whom dif-
fered from each other in some political doctrine.
The conclusion is a non seqvitur from the prem-
ises. The proper conclusion to have drawn was,
that no true Dcmocratever could, under any pres-
sure of circumstances, vote for a Republican.
Why, sir? I would not be personally offensive to
members on the other side, for there are many
amongthemforwhorn I entertain high respect;but,
sir, we honestly and conscientiously believe them
to be the enemies of the Republic. For, sir, what
is the fundamental doctrine of their creed ? Dis-
robe it of its humanitarian philosophy and its
false morality, and what is it? Why, sir, that the
Federal Government may use the money of the
southern slaveholder, and, if need be, his strong
arm, in order to acquire foreigq^territory; and,
when acquired, he is to be told that he cannot,
and must not, go there with his property. Mr.
Chairman, there is no use blinking or dodging
this question. We cannot live with you on these
terms; and, sir, when you get possession of this
Government to carry out your doctrinc, you drive
us out in self-defense. I know, sir, that such talk
as this is unpopular with some gentlemen in this
Chamber, and with some people in this country;
but these are my opinions, and I am not afraid to
utter them.
It is not at all strange that sentiments looking
to a dissolution of the Union, under any circum-
stances, should be distasteful to and unpopular
with some persons; but it is strange to me that
dissolution should be considered as impossible.
I believe that this Government is in process of*
dissolution iww; and it seems to me that any one
who is at all acquainted with the history of the
past, and who is well informed as to the present,
must be blind not to see it. We need not travel
out of our own history to prove the fact. What
were some of the causes which led to our revolu-
tionary struggle ? The American colonists were
not put upon a footing of equality with their Brit-
ish brethren; they paid their full proportion of
taxes for the support of the British Government,
and yet did not receive equal benefits from the
Government. The King of England refused his
assent to laws the most wholesome and necessary
for the good of the American people, and actually
abolished others of the same character. He ex-
cited domestic insurrection among them, and after-
wards protected his myrmidons from punishment
for any murders they may have committed upon
the peopfo of the colonies. These are some of the
causes mentioned in the Declaration of Independ-
ence; and do they find no parallel in the history
of these States ? Are we placed upon a footing
of equality with our northern brethren ? Do we
not pay our fair share of the taxes necessary to
support this Government? and do wc receive a
fair share of its benefits? Have not the north-
ern States, or at least some of them, refused assent
to laws, passed in pursuance of the Constitution,
the most wholesome and necessary for the good
of our people? Nay, have they not expressly
abolished them by State legislation ? Have they
not, by their teachings, excited domestic insur-
rection among us; and then have they not been
willing to protect the murderers from punishment?
These things are undeniable. The connection
between the colonics and the mother country was
not severed in a moment; but the cords were
broken one at a time, until the last was snapped.
So with us. One by one the cords that unite us
are being severed; and if these things go on much
longer, the South, in the language of Mr. Jeffer-
son, will " prefer separation to eternal discord."
And upon what is this Republican party found-
ed? To some extent, upon the generality con-
tained in the Declaration of Independence, thus:
" Ail men are created equal; that they are endowed by
their (Jieator with certain inalienable rights; that among
these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.'5
That all men are created equal is certainly true;
but that they remain so after they grow up to be
men is utterly untrue. We hear daily of natural
right and natural liberty. One of the great pos-
sessions of which we ought to boast is our civil
liberty; and what is that? Why, sir, all the law
books tell us that itis " natural liberty, restrained
for the public good." And yet civil liberty is to
be laid aside, and the great cry be for natural lib-
erty ! Why, sir, the reasoning educed from this
principle in the Declaration of Independence, by
the Republican party, carried to its logical con-
clusion, would break up every Government on the
face of the earth. But what is the great dogma
upon which this party is founded ? Why, that
slavery, as it exists in the South, is a moral, a
social, and a political evil. I utterly deny the
