I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*67
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Love.
Ho. of Reps.
jurisdiction of this House, and the whole North,
over the first two parts of this proposition. If
slavery be a moral and social evil, it is our mat-
ter, not theirs; and as we claim to be equally in-
telligent with them,itwould be at leastmodest in
them to expend their missionary efforts in another
direction.
But, sir, as jurisdiction has been, is, and will
be hereafter, assumed, I propose to submit some
reasons against the dogma. I maintain, sir, that
a moral evil must contravene some moral law, and
I deny that a single sentence can be found in the
Bible, from Genesis to Revelation, which con-
demns slavery. On the contrary, the two kinds
of servitude which exist in our day, hired and
slave labor, existed at the times of, and were reg-
ulated by, both the laws of the Old and New Tes-
taments. I am not going into a long scriptural
argument on this question, for I agree with the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Conwiv,]
that the Bible is not the proper place to go to find
principles to establish institutions for the nine-
teenth century; and I am sure that he will agree
with me that it is equally an improper place to go
to find principles to break down an institution
already established m the nineteenth century.
But, sir, I will call the attention of the committee
to only two passages, one from each book, to
establish what 1 say, and will leave that branch
of the subject:
" Every man servant that is bought for money, when thou
hast eucumcised him, then shall he eat thereof. Afor-
eignei and an hired servant shall not eat thereof."
Here, sir, is not only a distinct recognition of
the existence of hired servants and slaves, but it
regulates their condition. And more than that,
sii; it domesticates the slave, and, upon the con-
dition specified, elevates him above the hired ser-
vant. Would God tolerate an evil—a moral evil?
Would ho regulate the commission of sin? The
idea is ridiculous.
But ogam, sir, in the New Testament we have
the following:
" Servants, be obedient to them who are your masteis,
aecoidmg to the flesh, wuh fear and trembling, in single-
ness of your h"art as unto Christ; not with ejo service as
** men-jdeaseis; but as the servants of Clnist, dome the will
of God from the heart, with good will, dome; service, as to
the Loid and nut to men, knowing that whatsoever good
thing any man doeth, the >-ame shall he receive of the Lord,
whether he be bond or free. And ye, masters, do the same
things to them, tot bearing threatening, knowing that your
Master isalbo in heaven; neither is there respect of persons
with Hun."
Here, again, the relation of master and servant
(slave) is distinctly and clearly recognized. But
some men of the present day set themselves up as
better men than the Apostle Paul. The apostle
counseled and advised slaves to obey their mas-
ters; some people in these days, making great
pretensions to piety, advise them to disobedience
and insubordination. The apostle returned the
fugitive, Onesimus, to his master; but there arc
gentlemen on this floor so perfectly upright and
righteous, that they declare they never would
leave their doors, nor raise their hands, to arrest
the fugitive slaves of those who ought to be con-
sidered as their brethren. We have fallen upon
strange times. Mr. Chairman.
But I propose to test this moral question by
another rule. 1 hold it to be true that the best
rule by which to judge of the moral condition of
any people is the facilities which that people have
for religious instructions. Now, sir, I suppose
that the correctness of this rule will not be dis-
puted; for it is the rule upon which is founded
every effort to evangelize the world. Aided by
the investigations of Messrs. Ruffin & Stringfol-
low, of Virginia, I here present a comparison of
the moral condition of the six New England States
and the five old southern States—namely, Mary-
land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
and Georgia: Number of churches erectcd and m
use in the New England States, 4,607: southern
States, 8,081. Church accommodation for hearers
in the New England States, 1,893,450; southern
States, 2,896,472. Excess of persons over seats
in churches in New England States, 834,566.
The moral condition of the people of New Eng-
land, tested by the rule which I have laid down,
appears rather badly, compared with these sterling
old slave States. No, Mr. Chairman; the asser-
tion that slavery, as it exists at the South, is a
moral evil, is untrue. The Republican party, hold-
ing the affirmative of the question, the onus is on
them to establish the fact; but I believe that the
negative is susceptible of demonstration, and that
I have fairly proved it to be so. " •
As to the other proposition, that slavery is a
social evil, I willnotdegrademyselformypeople
by discussing it. I assert that society is as good
at the South as it is in the non-slaveholding States,
or anywhere else on the face of the earth. X will
not so far consider it doubtful as to make it a de-
batable question.
As to the other point, whether slavery is a polit-
ical evil, I hold it to be legitimately discussable.
JNot that Congress has any power over it, but be-
cause as yet we are citizens of a common country,
and should consult together in a proper temper
and spirit as to what is best for us as a nation. If,
upon a full investigation of the facts, we of the
South should become satisfied that slavery is a
great political evil, it would be our duty, as patriots
and good citizens, to get clear of it as soon as pos-
sible. What is a political evil ? I have given this
subject some reflection, sir, and the best definition
which I can fix in my mind is, that a political evil
is something which from its very nature must im-
pair our national reputation abroad or diminish
our material strength at home.
Well, now, as to the first. Isitpretended that
we stand lower with the Powers of the earth on
account of the existence of slavery in the South?
If so, let the Government be named with which
we stand less high on this account. And who
is it among our own people, except some crazy
fool, who would feel less proud, in a foreign land,
of saying he was an American citizen, on ac-
count of the existence of African slavery m the
southern States? Sir, 1 apprehend that southern
slaveiy has no bad effect on our national stand-
ing abroad. Does it diminish our material strength
at home ? Lotus institute a pecuniary comparison
between the New England States and the same
five old southern States, and see whether the States
themselves are damaged by slavery. The total
value of property in six New England States,
§1,003,466,181; southern States, §1,420,989,573.
Average value of each white person m six New
England States, $367; southern States, $520.
Value of each in New York, $231; Pennsylvania,
$214; Ohio, $239; Illinois, §134; South Carolina,
$1,001; Louisiana, $806; Mississippi, $702; Geor-
gia, $638. (Census of 1850, by Stringfellow &
Ruffin.)
It would appear from this, Mr. Chairman, that
the slaveholders are getting along pretty well in the
world; and it would appear, also, that the slave-
holding States, so far as wealth is concerned, are
not disgraced by comparison with the non-slavc-
hoidmg States. In this view, sir, the material
strength o\ t^e Republic does not seem to be di-
minished.
. But again, sir, do not the slaveholding States pay
their fair proportion of the taxes necessary to the
support of this Government? It will hardly be con-
tended that they do not; and it is shrewdly sus-
pected that they pay more. And, if this be true,
surely it cannot be said that the material strength
of the country is diminished by the existence of
African slavery in the South. But look beyond
this—look to the benefits which the products of
slave labor confer on other .sections of the country.
Look to New York and Boston, and calculate, if
you can, the value which southern trade lias been
to them. And, again, look to the manufactures of
Connecticut and Massachusetts. How much of
the raw material necessary for carrying on these
manufactures is furnished by the South, and to
| what extent docs the South become a purchaser
! and consumer of the manufactured articles? These
things are incalculable.
And then, again, look to our exports. It is
estimated, indeed ascertained, that our annual ex-
ports amount to $078,000,000; and that the South
furnishes $200,000,000 in value of these exports.
These truths being established, who will say that
slavery in the South is a political evil; in other
words, that it diminishes our material strength at
home? No, sir; the dogma that slavery is a
moral, social, and political evil is false in all its
parts. Look to our country as it was at the form-
ation of the Government, and look at it now.
! Then, we were thirteen States, and they worn
I down by a seven years' war. What are we now?
Thirty-three sovereign, and independent States;
our dominions extending from the Lakes on the
north to the Gulf of Mexico—from the Atlantic oh
the east to the Pacific on the west. And then look
,at our extended commerce stretching, as it does, to i
the uttermost parts of the earth. Our ships ride
gallantly on the waves of every sea, and the star-
spangled banner floats gracefully in the breezes of
every clime. The two systems of free and slave
labor have existed since the foundation of the Gov-
ernment; and all this power and national glory
have been brought about, not by an "irrepressible
conflict," but, in my judgment,t>y the perfect har- *
mony of the two systems.
Mr. Chairman, 1 wish now to call the attention
of the committee briefly to another subject. In
the early part of this session, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] arraigned the South
for a violation of what he called plighted faith to
the North. He said that the South, in bad faith
to the North, had repealed the Missouri line. Sir,
the harsh and sneering tones of that gentleman
have rung in my ears ever since his speech was
made. It has been shown conclusively, by my
able colleague, Judge Crawford, and others, that
no contract or compact was ever entered into be-
tween the South and North on this subject; and
that, even if there were, it was violated and repudi-
ated first by .the North. But, sir, I do not stand
here, as the lawyers say, to confess and avoid;
but I say boldly that, even if such compact did
exist, the South did right to get clear of it—not
only because it was without consideration, but
because it was null and void, as being contrary
to the Constitution of the United States. I shall
enter into no argument on this subject. It has
■ been discussed for forty years by the ablest men
our country has produced; audi shall neither give
a rehash of their arguments, nor attempt to pre-
sent any thing new on the question myself. I shall
upon this, as upon the other points I have pre-
sented, rely upon facts and authority, and not
upon argumentation.
It is one of the greatest and most constant boasts
of the Republican party that they occupy the po-
sition of the early fathers on all subjects. Let us
look to that point for a moment; and as Mr. Mad-
ison was one of the fathers, I ask the Clerk to read
the letter which I now send to the desk, written
by that great and good man in 1820.
"On one side it naturally occurs, that the right, beinggiven
from the necessity of the case, and in suspension of the great
principle of self-government, ought not to be extended fur-
ther, nor continued longer, than the occasion might fairly
require."
Mr. Madison says, further:
ii The questions to be decided seem to bo, first, whether
a territorial restriction he an assumption of illegitimate
povvei; or second, a misuse of legitimate power; and if
the latter only, whether the injury threatened to the nation
from an acquiescence in the misuse, or from a frustration
of it, he the greater. On the first point, there is certainly
room for difference of opinion; though, for myself, I miM
own that I have always loaned to thp belief thatthe restric-
tion was not within the true scope of the Constitution
Do the Republican party of the present day sub-
scribe to this opinion of Mr. Madison ? Was not
Mr. Madison a fair exponent of the opinions of
the early fathers, on most political questions; and
do the Republicans of this House and the North
agree with him in sentiment on this subject?
But again: Mr. Jefferson was, in the early days
of the Republic, considered orthodox on political
affairs, and I now ask the Clerk to read the letter
which I send to the desk, written by this truly
great man also in 3 820, and after the passage of the
act creating the Missouri line:
"Dear Sir:" * * * " Although T hjhl laid
down as a law to myself never to write, talk, or even think
of politics, to know nothing of public affair?, awl therefore,
had ceased to read newspapers, yet the Missouri question
aroused and filled me with alarm. The old schism ot Fed-
eral and Republican threatened nothing,because it extended
in every ritate, and united them together by the fraterniza-
tion of paity. But the coincidence of a marked principle,
moral and political, with a geographical line, once con-
ceived. I feared would never more be obliterated from the
mind; that it would be jecurrmg on every occasion, and re-
newing irritations, until it would kindle such mutual and
mortal hatied as would render separation preferable to eter-
nal discord. I have been the most eaneuine m believing
that our Onion ^ nuld1)0 *ong duration. F now douht it
much, and see the event at no great distance, and the di-
rect consequence of this question, not by the time which
ha^ been«o confidently counted on—the laws ofnatuie con-
trol tin*-—but by the Potomac, Ohio, and Missouri, .and
more piobably the Mississippi, upwaidsto our northern
boundary. My only comfoit and confidence is that I shall
