168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 23,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Barlcsdcde.
Ho. of Reps.
not live to see this; and T envy not the present generation
the glory of throwing away the fruits of their fathers5 sacri-
fices of life and fortune, and of rendering desperate the ex-
periment wllich was to decide ultimately whether man is
capable of self-government. The treason against human
hope will signalize their epoch in future history as the coun-
terpart of the model of their predecessors."
Mr. Jefferson appears not only to be opposed to
this line; but the opening of the question seemed
to fill his mind with apprehension and alarm. He
looked to the time when, from the continued agi-
tation of this question, the South might "prefer
separation to eternal discord;" and yet, sir, if such
a sentiment is uttered now, it is characterized as
disunion and treason. But, sir, in addition to all
this testimony against the Missouri compromise,
as it is called, I say that it has been solemnly ad-
judged to be unconstitutional by the highest judi-
cial tribunal in the land. Dred Scott, the plain-
tiff, placed his title to his freedom entirely on the
existence and constitutionality of this Missouri
line, as wilt appear from the decision of the court.
The court says:
"The act of Congress «pon which the plaintiff relics de-
clares that slavery and involuntary servitude, except as a
punishment for crime, shall be forever prohibited in all that
fait of the territory ceded by France, under the name of
•ouisiana, which lies north of 36° 30' north latitude, and
not included within the limits of Missouri. And the diffi-
culty which meets us at the threshold of this part of the
Inquiry is, whether Congress was authorized to pass this
law undcrauy of the powers granted to it by the Constitu-
tion , for if the authority w not given by that instrument, it
is the duty of this court to dcclare it void and inoperative,
and incapable of conferring freedom upon any one who is
held ay a slave under the laws of any of the States."
The court then goes on to give a most able and
elaborate opinion upon the question, and con-
cludes thus:
" It is the opinion of the court that the act of Congress
which prohibited a citi^cn from holding and owning prop-
erty of this kind in the territory of the United States north
of the line therein mentioned, is not warranted by the Con-
stitution, and ia, therefore, void."
Now, sir, how, after this, any man, ana espe-
cially any southern man, can exclaim against the
repeal of the Missouri compromise lino, is past
my comprehension. To insist upon the correct-
ness of trie decision as to oth^r points in the case,
and then deny its correctness as to this, is ridic-
ulous folly. } expected to hear these things from
Republicans, but I did not expect to hear them
from southern men; and if they arc persisted in,
the South may well exclaim, with an ancienteast-
crn king, "My worst enemies are they of my
own household."
Mr. Chairman, I had intended to discuss other
important questions; but the confusion in this
Chamber, my failing voice, and the very few min-
utes yet remaining to me of my hour, admomsh
me that I should neither do myself nor the points
justice by continuing my remarks at this lime. I
may, if occasion affords, and the opportunity is
given, discuss those questions at some future clay.
#
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
SPEECH OF HON. W. BARKSDALE,
Off MISSISSIPPI,
In the Housk of Representatives ,
January 23, 18g0.
Mr. BARKSDALE said:
Mr. Clerk: The House of Representatives is
presenting a scene to the people of this country
which hus but one parallel in our history. For
seven weeks we have been in session; and, al-
though vote after vote has been taken, no Speaker
has ljcen elected, and no organization effected.
There are three parties upon this floor professing
to be animated by a common hostility to the Black
Republican party, and, in my judgment, it is their
solemn duty, forgetting minor considerations, to
unite together for the purpose of defeating the can-
didate of that party for the Speakership of this
House. I do not desire to examine minutely the
causes which have prevented a union of these par-
tics in the pending election. I must be permitted
to say, however, that, while the Democratic party
is the only one here which embraces the Union m
its organization, it has, from the commencement
of this struggle to the present time, manifested a
patriotic desire to unite with all the elements of
opposition to the Republican party, and organize
the House upon a just and national basis.
With this side of the House the spirit of concili-
ation itself has almost been exhausted. We pre-
sented a candidate [Mr. Bocock] whose talents,
ability, and experience, eminently qualify him for
the discharge of the high duties of the Chair; yet, -
when it was ascertained that he was not accept-
able, he magnanimously withdrew from the con-
test; and we said then, and I repeat now, to our
American friends: select any one from our organi-
zation, and the whole vote of the party would be
concentrated upon him. Some nave gone even
further, and voted for two members of the Ameri-
can party—Messrs. BoTELERandMAYNARD. But,
sir, we were told by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Hatton,] the other day, that Mr. Gil-
mer, of North Carolina, could be elected. He is
not acceptable to me, as a candidate for Speaker.,
I have no personal objections to him, as his
friends must be aware, but I do object to him
from political considerations which arc perfectly
satisfactory to myself. It is not reasonable that
gentlemen of the American party, representing
minorities in all the States from which they come,
and composed of but twenty-three members,
should select from their own .ranks a candidate,
and force him upon a party composed of rfmety
members, and stretching in its organization from
one extremity of the Union to the other. Mr.
Gilmer cannot be elected without the aid of Black
Republican votes; and I will support no one, who,
by his course here, has commended himself to
the confidcnce and favor of any portion of that
party. ^
When the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.CLARK]
offered his resolution declaring that no man who
had signed and indorsed the Helper book, recom-
mending rebellion and murder in the South, was
fit to be Speaker of this House, so far from sym-
pathizing with the movement, Mr. Gilmer inter-
posed to shield these confederates of Helper from
the just indignation of the country. And, sir, I
desire to say, in this connection, that I have no fe-
verish anxiety for the organization of this House.
Rather than the candidate of the Black Republican
party should be elected; rather than my State and
my constituents should be dishonored by the ele-
vation to that chair, once adorned by such illus-
trious statesmen as Macon, Clay, and Polk, of any
one of the indorsors of the infamous sentiments of
Helper, I repeat the language of the eloquent gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Pur.ri,] a few days
since,44 let discord reign here forever." Now, sir,
what is the true cause of the non-organization of
this Houre? Disguise it, as gentlemen on the other
side may attempt to do, it is the asptationyof the
slavery question which has caused its norf-organ-
ization, suspended the business of the/country,
fired the passions of the people, and imperiled the
existence of the Union itself. *S_f
I propose, in the remarks I shall submit to the
House, to examine into the origin, progress, and
present aspect of the slavery question in this
country. When the Government was formed, the
several States of the Confederacy were sovereign
and independent, and all of them slaveholding,
with, perhaps, the single exception of Massachu-
setts, and that State was largely engaged m the
slave trade. Now, sir, for what purpose was this
Government established ? I have the Constitution
before me. It was, " in order to form a more per-
fect Union, cstabhshjustice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the. common defense, and se-
cure the blessing of liberty to ourselves and our
posterity." This is the language of the Consti-
tution. And have these great ends been attained?
Has justice been established ? Has domestic tran-
quillity been secured? Let the answer be found
in the existence of a sectional organization, based
upon its hostility to the institutions of fifteen States
of the Union, upon the never-ending agitation of
the slavery question, in the legislation of eight
northern States nullifying the plain provisions of
the Constitution in relation to fugitive slaves, and
in efforts which a portion of the northern people
are now making to incite our slaves to insurrection
and rebellion, and to kindle the fires of a servile
war in the southern States.
There are three clauses in the Constitution rec-
ognizing the right of property in slaves. The first
article provides that—
" Representation and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be in iluded within this
Union according to their respective numbers, which shall
be deteimined by adding to the whole nuuiber of ftce per-
sons, including those bound to scivico for ateim of years,
and excluding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other
persons.'5
This clause alludes directly to the slave popu-
lation; and by tlmt article of the Constitution,
this day, twenty members hold seats upon this
floor. Again, the ninth section of the same article
declares—
"That the migration or importation of such persons as
any of the States now existing shall think pioper to admit,
shall not be prohibited by Congress prior to the year 1808;
butataxorduty may be imposed on such importation, not
exceeding ten dollars for each person."
Thus recognizing directly the right of property
in slaves; and, whether it was intended by this ar-
ticle to confer upon Congress the power, or not,
after 1808, to prohibit the African slave trade—a
question which I am not now discussing—that
^power has been exercised by Congress, and the
slave trade prohibited under the most terrible pen-
alties.
In the third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution, it is also provided that—
" No person held to service or labor in one State under the
laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence
of any law or regulation thereof, be d'schaigc fioni such
service or labor, but shall be delivered up op the claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may be due."
And Mr. Madison, the father of the Constitu-
tion, whose great intellect gave it life and form
and being, in his political writings lcpcatedly
alludes to slaves as both persons and property.
And that august tribunal, the Supreme Court of
the United States, has solemnly declared that
slaves are property. I read from the decision
of Chief Justice Taney:
" Now, as we haveaheady said, in an earlier part of this
opinion, upon a different point, the right of property in a
slave is distinctly and expiessly affirmed in the Constitu-
tion. The right to traffic in it lilu; an ordinary article of
merchandise and properly, was guarantied to the citizens of
the United States, In every State that might deeire it, for
twenty year4'. And the Government, m express touns, is
pledged to protect it in ail future time, if the slave escapes
from his owner. This is done in plain words, too plain to
be misunderstood."
Thus has the highest judicial tribunal known
to the Constitution adjudicated this question, and
decided that slaves are not only property, but that
the Government has no authority anywhere to
discriminate between that and any other species
of property, and that it is entitled to its protect-
ing shield.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Coitwix,] in a
speech which he delivered some timfe since, de-
clared that the purpose of the Republican party
simply was to carry out the policy of the fathers
of the Republic—to restrict slavery within its pres-
ent limits. Sir, the reverse of this proposition is
true. The fathers of the Republic threw around
the institution every possible safeguard. Under
the article of the Constitution which I have read,
a fugitive slave law was passed, during the admin-
istration of General "Washington, which received
his signature, and which for years was faithfully
and legally enforced.
Mr. CORWIN sought the floor.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have no disposition to
misrepresent the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. CORWIN. I do not remember what I
actually did say in words, in the desultory re-
marks 1 made the other day, which the gentleman
refers to; but I think the substance of what I
said on the point adverted to was this: that when-
ever the proper time should come, I thought it
could be shown to the satisfaction of everybody
that the principles adopted by the Republicans
in their platform, so far as slavery was concerned,
were those which were proposed by the founders
of the Republic
Mr. BARKSDALE. To restrict slavery.
Mr. corwin. The right and power of Con-
gress to forbid slavery in a Territory.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand that it is
the purpose of the Republican party to restrict
slavery within its present limits; to prohibit it
from being carried into the Territories. The gen-
tleman said that he could show such was the pol-
icy of the fathers of the Republic.
Mr. CORWIN. It is almost impossible, Mr.
Clerk, to define propositions in the manner in
which this discussion has been carried on, so as
not to be misunderstood. If the gentleman means
