1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
gcrs from the sinking; steamer San Francisco, in
1854; which were referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
He also presented a petition of Nathan Wil-
kins and others, praying that the heirs of the mi-
litia of the Indian wars, and of the war of 1812,
may be placed on the same footing in regard "to
bounty land as those who served in the war with
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented a communication from Grin-
riell, Minturn & Co. and others, praying the
amendment of ii An act to limit the liability of
ship-owners, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1851; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of James A. Gal-
loway and Lewis Kent, praying that pensions
may be allowed the soldiers of the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also,presented the petition of Francis Bates
and others, praying that pensions be allowed to
the survivors of the militia of the war of 1812,
who served fourteen days, or were actually en-
faged in battle, and to the widows of those who
avedied ormayhereafterdie; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Amory
L. I&bcockand others, citizens of Sherborn, Mas-
sachusetts, and the petition of fsoah Fifield and
others, citizens of Weymouth, Massachusetts,
praying the repeal of the fugitive slave law of 1850,
the abolition of slavery iivthc District of Colum-
bia and in the United States Territories, the pro-
hibition of the inter-State trade, aijd the passage
of a resolution pledging Congress against the
admission of any slave State into the Union, the
acquisition of any slave Territory, and the em-
ployment of any slaves by any agent, contractor,
officer, or Department of,the Federal Govern-
ment; which were ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr,. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the report
of Captain W. B. Franklin, in charge of the Cap-
itol extension, made iia compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate, on the feasibility and expense
of moving the Senate Chamber from its present
position, so that it will take in the windows on
the north end, or cast or west side of the Capitol,
reported in favor of printing the usual number;
and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion io print the mcssag« of the
President of the United States, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
correspondence between the judges of Utah and
the Attorney General, with reference to the legal
proceedings and condition of affairs m that Terri-
tory, reported in favor of printing the usual num-
ber; and the report was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred papers in relation to
the claim of Stephen Bunnel, a quartermaster's
sergeant in the war of 1812, to a pension, asked
to be discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLlTTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 220) for the relief of Anson Dart, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. LANE. The Committee on Public Lands,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 149) mak-
ing appropriations to supply a deficiency in the
appropriations for the completion of the geograph-
ical survey of Oregon and Washington Territo-
ries, have directed me to report it without amend-
ment. I ask that the papers accompanying the
bill be printed.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the papers were ordered to be printed, j
_ Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen- j
eions, to whom was referred the memorial of j
Nancy Stout, widow of Joseph Stout, a soldier j
in the war of the Revolution, praying to be al- j
lowed a pension, submitted an adverse report; j<
which was ordered to be printed. j
MICAJAII HAWKES. j
Mr. THOMSON. The Committee on Pen- |
sions, to whom was referred the House bill (No. |
273) for the relief of Micajah Hawkes, have di- I
rected mc to report it without amendment, and
recommend its passage. I shall be gratified if the
Senate will take it up now, and put it on its pas-
sage. The Committee on Pensions have had the
case before them heretofore, and made a favorable
report.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 273) for the relief of Mica-
jah Hawkcs, which proposes to place his name
on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of fifteen
dollars a month, being half of his pay proper, to
commence January 1, 1859, and continue during
his natural life.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is.
Mr, KING. Ij-et it be read.
The Secretary commenced to read the report.
Mr. KING. 1 withdraw the call. I have heard
a satisfactory explanation of the case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOHN R. BARTLETT.
Mr. BRAGG. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of John R. Bart-
lett, late commissioner to run the boundary line
between the United States and Mexico; and also
the memorial of Thomas W.Tansii,late quarter-
master of that commission, have instructed mc to
report a joint resolution. If there be no objection,
I ask that the joint resolution be put on its pas-
sage now, as it merely refers this matter to the
settlement of the Department of the Interior.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 27) authorizing t^ie settlement of the ac-
counts of John 11. Bartlett, late commissioner
_of the United States to run and mark the bound-
ary line between the United States and Mexico,
and for other purposes, was read twice, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to adjust the accounts of John R. Bart-
letfc^ late commissioner of the United States, un-
der the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, upon prin-
ciples just, fair, and equitable to Bartlett and to
the United States,and in conformity with the usage
in such cases; and also to ascertain, in making
the adjustment, whether Bartlett has received a
credit in his account with the Government, and
if so, to what amount, for advances, if any, made
by Thomas W. Tansil, late quartermaster and
commissary of the boundary commission, to offi-
cers and men in its employment, and claimed by
Tansil to be due to him at the time of his turning
overdiis transfer list of the officers and men, by
order of Bartlett, to George W. Thurber, his suc-
cessor; deducting from the amount such sums as
have been paid to Tansil, so as to ascertain the
balance, if any, due to him by Bartlett. On the
adjustment of the accounts, the amount, if any,
asceitained to be due to Bartlett, is to be paid to
him, if it shall appear that he has first paid and
satisfied any amount that may be ascertained to
be due by him to Thomas W. Tansil.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CHICAGO IIARBOR.
Mr. CLAY. On Friday last, when I was de-
tained from the Senate by indisposition, the House
resolution No. 11, being a resolution to provide
for the manner of expending the balance of an
appropriation for the works and piers in order to
preserve and secure the light-house at Chicago,
Illinois, was called up by the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Dorci as,] and was passed by the Sen-
ate. I presume the Senate did not observe that it
had been adversely reported by the committee of
which I have the honor of being chairman. It was
my desire to assign the reasons for our adverse
report; and on mentioning it to the Senator from
Illinois, he advised me that he would move a re-
consideration. I do not propose at this time to
enter into the reasons; but I will do so to-morrow,
with the indulgence of the Senate, in deference to ;
the convenience of others. i
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to state that before i
I came into the Senate on Friday morning. I re- !
ccived a message that there was a bill pending in !
which I felt an interest. I came in and made the !
motion to take up this joint resolution, without i
noticing the absence of the Senator from Alabama.
Itoccurred tome immediately after the resolution
was passed, and on reflection I remembered, that
I had made a personal request of him that he
should not call it up for action .in my absence.
In view of that fact, it occurred to me that it was
not courteous for me to call it up in his absence.
For this reason I feel bound to move a reconsid-
eration, to give him an opportunity to submit his
objections to it. Then I shall ask the Senate to
make a test question against reconsideration; but
I intend making the motion to reconsider for the
purpose of letting the question go over until to-
morrow morning1, when we can take a vote. I
now move that the vote by which the resolution
was passed be reconsidered.
The motion to reconsider was recorded; and,
by common consent, it was passed over until to-
morrow.
NOTICE Or A BILL.
Mr. WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the more effectual
suppression of the slave trade.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abi'l (S.No.385)
to incorporate the Prospect Hill Cemetery; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. KENNEDY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
38G) explanatory of an act ehtitled " An act sup-
plementary to an act to authorize notaries public
to take and certify oaths, affirmations and ac-
knowledgments in certain cases;? which was read
twice by its title, and lefcrred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
WASHINGTON JAIL.
Mr. HALE. 1 want to call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia to a single fact. Some time since there
was a resolution introduced into the Senate, and
passed,instructing that committee to inquire into
the state of the prison in this city. I have had
occasion to visit it within a day or two; indeed,
I did yesterday, and 1 do think that the prison of
this city would be a disgrace to any savage peo-
ple. I found it filled with blacks, from head to
foot, from turret to foundation; and I suppose the
fact that they arc of a dark complexion is enough
to account for that; but, in the midst of all that,
I found a white boy, about thirteen or fourteen
years of age, a resident of this city, who, by the
order of some justice, who, 1 suppose, thought
there was a law for it, was taken from the pro-
tection of his mother, without the suspicion of
crime or the allegation of it; but the justice thinks
some two or three weeks hence he may have a
justice's trial, in which it will bo convenient to
| have this boy testify; and in this city, by order
of law, that boy has been torn from the protec-
tion of his mother's house, and locked up in the
midst of the crime and filth of the filthiest jail
that can be found on the face of God *s earth, and
that boy has to stay there for two or three weeks.
That is the condition of this prison; and I do beg
the Committee on the District of Columbia that
they will give some attention to it; and if the chair-
man of the committee is here, I wish he would
inform us if there is to be anything done in that
respect.
Mr. BROWN. I am ready to answer the in-
quiry of the Senator. The committee have for
sevcial years had this subject under consideration,
and have constantly ngiccd with the honorable
' Senator, and three or four times been prepared to
j report m favor of an appropriation for the con-
j struction of a new prison; but every time we get
the question up we are met by outside influences
against building a house on the old site, or on any
new site that we have been able to select. That
is the trouble. If the outside influences were dis-
regarded in the Senate, we should long since have
settled this difficulty; but reports of committees
are borne down by influences brought in through
members of this body. More than four years
since—I think about five years, now—we reported
an iteVn in the appropriation bill in favor of con-
structing a new prison. It was attacked from
every quarter. It was said it must not be put on
the old site; for that was offensive to everybody,
l and destroyed everybody's property. Then \v.e
