i8ea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ator, he asserts what does not exist. The com-
mittee are not committed to any opinion on the
subject. I do not tlunk there is a member of the
committee who lias ever entertained a doubt of
the power of Congress to legislate to prevent the
invasion of a State from any quarter, except a
doubt expressed by the chairman, which was
when the subject was first brought up. I am
sorry that he is not here. If he were here, I think
he would say he entertained no longer doubts on
that point.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it was a.mere doubt
that he expressed.
Mr. DAVIS. It was a mere doubt, and com-
mitted him to nothing. #
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am delighted to hear that
theie is not a member of the committee who enter-
tains a doubt on this point.
Mr. DAVIS. It was not necessary to tell it;
everybody knew it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, sir, that being the
case, if the power is clcar, and if there is not a
doubt in the minds of Senators about the exist-
ence of the power, certainly the intimation that I
was going to subvert the sovereignty of the States,
by executing a clearly granted power of the Con-
stitution, was entirely unnecessary.
Mr. DAVIS. That is an unfair inference.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My proposition simply is to
carry out that provision of the Constitution by
Federal legislation.
Mr. DATVIS. If the Senator will permit me,
that is the second time he has quite misstated my
position. For the benefit of his argument as he
progresses, I will restate it to him. I argued that
there was 110 doubt at all of the power of the Con-
gress to pass laws to prevent the invasion of a
State. He could have had no doubt about that;
becausc the word " foreign," which was in the
original draft of the Constitution, was stricken out.
The limitation which he puts upon it in his speech
is in the iaw merely; it is not in the Constitution.
The constitutional power is good enough. The
Congress is to make the laws; and they have not
made a law that transferred the power to the Presi-
dent, except in the cases enumerated by the Con-
gress. But, sir, that power which I spoke of, as
trampling on the rights of the States, was a very
different one; and I must have been unfortunate,
indeed, for the Senator so greatly to have misun-
derstood me. I spoke of the power he seemed to
desire to confer on the Executive to send into a
State to inquire whether men were there, organized
for illegal purposes, to invade the sovereignty of a
State.—not to prevent the invasion of a State, but
to invade the sovereignty of a State—there to in-
quire whether illegal combinations existed or not.
I made no objection to the exercise of the power
of the judiciary. I should be surprised to learn
that the judiciary, the grand jury of the circuit
court, or district court of the Cjnited Slates, could
not now take cognizance of treason against the
United States—overt acts such as the Senator
describes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should have been unfor-
tunate, indeed, if 1 had left the slightest reason
for any one to suppose that I proposed to author-
ize the President, with the Army or the militia,
to search for conspiracies and punish them in the
States. .
Mr. DAVIS. Or the President with his posse.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Any military authority. I
say I should have been unfortunate, indeed, if I
had authorized, from what 1 said, such an infer-
ence; but, sir, read my speech, and there is no
possibility of drawing such an inference from it.
I said expressly my object was to confer upon the
judiciary the power to suppress and punish the
conspiracies and the combinations. That intent
is expressed on the face cf the resolution itself—-
to suppress and punish conspiracies and combi-
nations m any State or any Territory against any
other State or Territory; and in my speech I go
on to explain that the mode will be by indictment
in the United States courts, and conviction in those
courts, and confinement m the prison. Hence,
the Senator could not have read my speech, or he
never would have fallen into the great error of
supposing that the conspiracies or the combina-
tions were to be put down by the military power.
But the Senator now wants to know whether
or not, under the existing laws, the United States
courts have not the right to punish treason against
the United States r I take it for granted tjiey have;
but does this come within the purview of those laws?
Treason against the United States is defined in the
Constitution to be in the levying war against them;
not the inroad of one State to another State, but
in levying war against them—against the United
States, against the Federal authority; the subvert-
ing of the Federal authority, or the invasion of the
United States from a foreign Power, with a view to
subvert the United States, or rebellion in it in levy-
ing war to subvert the Government and authority
of the United States. I apprehend, sir, that the
legislation in this case is necessary to reach the
conspiracies of one State against another; and I
specified clearly in my argument what those con- •
spiracies were—a conspiracy in one State to run
off negroes or slaves froril another State; or a con-
spiracy in one State to run off horses or other prop-
erty from another. I refericd to the boasts of John
Brown, in a lecture in Cleveland last year, in which
he proclaimed to the world that he had a body of
men organized for the purpose of stealing horses
from the slaveholders m Missouri and running
them off for sale; and he'pointed to the livery
stables in Cleveland where the horses were then
exposed for sale. I spoke of combinations and
conspiracies with a view to overpower the citizens
of a State at the elections; to control their institu-
tions, or to subvert their government, or disturb
their people, or their tranquillity in any way.
These were the classes of conspiracies of which
I spoke, which do not, in my opinion, come within
the law m respect to treason; which ought to bo
punished just as much as treason, and which I pro-
posed to provide for by law. I did not suppose
that what I had said upon that subject could pos-
sibly be open to a just criticism from anyquaitor.
1 am certain that the Senator from Mississippi
would not make that criticism if he had carefully
read my speech, and seen what my meaning was.
I know it cannot be m the mind of that Senator
to put a man in a falsi' position by a misconcep-
tion or misstatement of his position; his character
forbids that; but still I assert I was exceedingly
unfortunate if my whole train of argument does
not exclude the conclusion that he has drawn
from it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not trespass long upon
the time of the Senator from Massachusetts, and
I am sorry to consume another moment of it. I
believe it will be recognized, at least on this side
of the Chamber, that! have done some good ser-
vice this morning. I called the attention of the
Senator from Illinois to the position which he
occupied in the first part of his speech which
I read; and he has explained it until I find that
the Senator from Illinois and the President seem
to concur exactly. The Senator from Illinois
did not want the Executive to have the power
to use the Army and the militia and the Navy
to go into a State to discover whether there were
illegal combinations there or not. That is the
only point against which the President seemed
to argue. As to the rest, the President merely
referred to the law not having conferred upon
him the power; and the Senator says, certainly
the law did not. But the President did not say the
law did not confer upon him authority, as far as
he could, to preserve peace by the exercise of any
powers which he did possess; and thus he. did
exercise it by sending troops to Harper's Ferry
to protect the public property there, and if need
be to act as a posse. I am very glad, therefore,
that I have got the Senator and the President ex-
actly upon the same basis; and if the Senator had
read a little &rther"in that letter of the President,
it would not have been necessary, perhaps, for
me to have quoted the language which the Sena-
tor employed in connection with the very short
extract which he made from the letter of the Pres-
ident to the Governor of Virginia.
But the Senator has said some things which I
will very briefly notice. He wanted to know
what it was that I would consider trampling upon
the rights of the States, and I told him; and
though he had said much upon that subject, he
went on to speak of the invasion of one State by
another State, and the power not existing to pun-
ish under the judiciary. Has the Senator for-
gotten that the very purpose for which we aban-
doned the Confederacy and established the Union
was to get a Government that would act upon
individuals and not States? The Confederacy at-
tempted to act upon Suites, and it was a complete
failure. The wise men of that day then formed
a Government which %vould act upon individuals;
and this General Government has no power to
lay its hands upon a State?—none. Why, then,
talk about the judiciary not under existing laws
having the power to proceed against the invasion
of one State by another State?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not speak at all of an
invasion by a State. I spoke of an invasion of
one State by citizens of a,nother State. I did noit
say a word on the other point, one way or the
other. • s
Mr. DAVIS. I think you will find both. If,
then, the Senator confines his remark to persons
within a State who committed this offense of in-
vading the peace and disturbing tl* tranquillity
of another State, as it was a crime, I suppose it
would be punishable in the courts under existing
laws; but if not, surely I need not, at this day,
say I am ready to give whatever additional legis-
lation may be required. I cannot suppose the
President would hesitate to approve any law which
gave that additional power to the courts. I trust
lie would hesitate, I trust he would refuse, if wtd
ever should be weak enough to attempt to confer
upon the Executive the power to go into a State
and there use his executive functions to break up
even illegal and treasonable combinations. It was
to that to which his letter was addressed. It was
not whether the courts n Pennsylvania could
punish these men for illegal combinations; it was
whether the President of the United States could
go into Pennsylvania and Ohio to break up these
illegal combinations, and to pwent them from
making a raid upon Virginia. Therefore, I think
the Senator should be at least a little temperate
when he repels the idea that his remarks were
directed,in hiscriticism upon the President's posi-.
tion, to something else than the position which the
I President occupied. If I had understood he en-
tirely concurred with the President that this power
was liotpossessed; if Iliad understood lie entirely
concurred with the President that it would be a
violation of State sovereignty for the Government
to attempt to exercise such a power, then my re-
marks would not have been made. But then I
would have failed to see why he should have
criticised the President.
But the Senator speaks of treason as being an
offense against the United States. Does he mean
that the attack must be made upon all of the thirty-
three States of the Union to make it treason ? that
it is necessary to attack every State of the Union
before it becomes treason against them ? Surely
the Senator does notmean that. An attack upon
one State is treason against the United States, if
committed by a citizen of the States; it is war
against the United States if committed by a for-
eign Power. An attack upon the most remote
acre of the territory of the United States is war
upon the United States if committed by a foreign
Power, and treason against the United States if
committed by a citizen of the United States. I
was struck, this morning, with a passage in a letter
from a gentleman once associated with us in tlie
Senate, Mr. Bradbury, of Maine, addressed to a
public meeting. He writes:
Wc cannot f.ul to perceive that the invasion of any one
of the ritates is an assault upon the Union itself. The
Constitution sccurcs to each State thy regulation of its
own domestic concern'*; free from external interference."
That is sound doctrine. I think the Senator
from Illinois could not have seen the necessary
conclusion from his position, when he spoke of
treason against the United States as being against
them—I cannot quote hislanguage—as if" them"
meant not any one of'the United States, as well
as every one of the United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The differenco between the
Senator from Mississippi and myself, on this
point, is this: he holds that an assault upon the
State government of Virginia, with a view to sub-
vert it without touching Federal authority, is trea-
son against the United States; I hold that that is
treason against the State of Virginia, to be pun-
ished by Virginia, and not by the United States.
It is true, an assault upon any one State is an
assault upon the peace of the Union, and ought
i| to be prevented; but resistance to the State gov-
' eminent cannot be treason against the United
States. The forcible resistance to the State gov-
ernment, which arises undfcr State laws and does
not affect Federal authority, I apprehend must be
punished under State authority, and not as trea-
son against the United States.
