1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
judges has been a matter of consideration. I do
not know how many attempts have been made
by various bills to raise the salary of this and
that judge. A few years ago Congress took the
whole subject up and raised the salaries of all the
district judges. Now, it appears to me, thatthis
is the most exceptionable, and thb most highly ex-
ceptionable, form in which a proposition of this
sort has ever been presented. It is not a proposi-
tion to raise his salary, but to go back and say
that, forthe performance of the duties assigned by
this and another act, lie shall have retroactively
a salary amounting to §6,000, beginning in 1852.
It is said that it is a peculiar case. Sir, there
will always be peculiar cases; and if you set this
precedent, I venture to say we shall never get
rid of applications of this sort. I think that a
proposition to pick out a judge here and there
and raise his salary, separating him from the gen-
eral system, is bad enough; but to undertake to
say that bccause, by virtue of certain acts, his
duties have been increased and are to be increased,
you will go back and give him such a sum, ap-
pears to me the most objectionable foim in which
it can be put. Pass this bill, and .next you will
have an application from the district judge of the
district of Vermont 
Mr. FOOT. No.
Mr. HALE. I think I know something about
that judge as well as my honorable friend. You
will have from the district of New Hampshire;
you will have from thedistiict of Maine; you
will have from all these small distiijcts, applica-
tions with quite as much reason as this, because,
by virtue of law you have increased the duties of
those judges, compelled them to go from Maine
and from New Hampshire to Boston, and from
Vermont to New York, to hold district courts and
do additional duties which have been imposed on
them within a short time and since the salary was
fixed.
I have not a word to say in detraction of the very
high encomiums which have been passed 011 the
character of this judge. I am inclined to believe
them all and to credit them all. I rejoice that we
have some such judges, and I rejoice that gentle-
men have deemed it a suitable occasion to pass
encomiums of this character on this judge. I wish
to God they would increase the list, and go 011
and say the same thing of some other judges, and
of all other judges. I would not gainsay a word
of it; but, sir, 1 would not degrade the character
of the judge by parading his high official integrity
here as a'reason why you shouldgointotheTieas-
uryarid pay him ail extra compensation more
than his salary as fixed by law, bccause he has
been a high, incorruptible, and an exemplary
judge. If his salary is not high enough, raise it;
'1 am willing to double it if, 111 the opinion of those
who are competent to express an opinion, his ser-
vices and the public exigencies require it; but 1
avn utteily unwilling to pay by the job to this
judge or any other, and to go back for eight years,
and" say that in consideration of services which
Ave now impose and which have been heretofore
imposed, his salary shail be increased to this sum.
I hope that the section will be stricken out; and
if §6,000 is not enough, give him more; give him
just as much as you think he ought to have; but
do not pay him in this way. I think it is objec-
tionable to the worst, that the honorable Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] some time since
said about these matters, when a proposition was
made to increase the compensation of a judge 111
Michigan in this way.
Mr. LATHAM. The Senator from New
Hampshire seems to be apprehensive that this
will be establishing a precedent. Such is not the
case, howoier. Theie has never been any in-
stance in the history of the Government where
duties of this kind have been imposed upon a dis-
trict judge that extra compensation has not been
given to him. It was so in Mississippi; it was
so 111 Louisiana; it was so m Arkansas; it was so
iii Missouri; and the last appropriation made by
Congress was in 1847, for justsuch duties imposed
upon the district judges of Missouri, which had
been allowed to them for the preceding twenty-
three years. Now, the object of this section is
not to pay this judge for his mere integrity of
char.u tor." It is to show an appreciation upon the
part of Congress of the arduous labors of an offi-
'•'•v who has faithfully discharged Ills duty under
cuMumstaiices of a peculiar nature. At tile very
time that this judge was performing the duties for
which it is now proposed to compensate him, the
judges of the supreme court of the State of Cal-
ifornia were each getting $10,000 a year, and the
district judges of the State were all getting $7,500;
and when this gentleman accepted this office, un-
der the circumstances stated ill the Senate yester-
day, a memorial came from the Legislature of the
State of California, (as well as one from himself,)
asking that his compensation should be fixed pro-
portionate to the duties imposed on him. He has
been a constant applicant to Congress from that
time to the present. Now you propose, in addi-
tion to what he has already done, to impose ad-
ditional labors on him. Why, sir, the district
attorney forthe northern district of California (the
district o-ver which this judge presides) received
from Congress $10,000 additional pay for his ser-
vices in these land suits. 111 addition to this sum,
he had clerk hire, amounting to some three thou-
sand six hundred dollars. I would also state that
for those duties imposed upon this judge by act
of Congress, there was paid to three commission-
ers $6,000 a year each at first, and subsequently
raised to $8,000 a year each—making §18,000 in
the first instance, and $24,000 in the second. My
colleague suggests to me that the district attorney
also received the additional §10,000 of which I
have spoken, when he was receiving, at the same
time, $12,000 a year for his salary.
Now, I say that every principle of justice de-
mands that Congress shall recognize and pay for
the services of this faithful officer, whohas pro-
tected your Government and saved millions of
dollars' worth of property,by standing firm in the
discharge of his duties, to the eminent satisfaction
of the people of California, as well as to the satis-
faction of the country at large. You could not
have got a respectable lawyer to fill the place for
$3,5Q0. Senators intimate that, if the judge was
dissatisfied with his compensation,it was his duty
to resign. Well, suppose he had resigned: you
would then have had some common-placc lawyer,
unfit to discharge the duties, (who probably
would have accepted,) and the result would have
been loss to the Government in the settlement of
these land cases, if not disgrace to the bench.
Now, sir, I say it is just and honorable on the
part of Congress—inasmuch as this judge lias
savedjnoney to the Government by his rigid and
close investigation of all land cases, so volumin-
ous and requiring so much labor—to recognize
his services, by increasing his compensation as is
proposed by this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I shall vote
for this allowance; but the Senator from Califor-
nia is under a slight misapprehension. I had a
precisely similar case before the Senate during
this session, and, if I recollect aright, the Senator
himself voted against it. A district judge of the
State of Michigan was living upon a miserable
pittance of $1,500 a year only, hardly enough to
pay his house rent; and when I biought in a bill
to pay him an extra compensation of $500 a year
for performing the duties of a land commissioner,
I be'lieve the Scnatorvoted againstit. I shall vote
for this appropriation, because I believe it to be
just, right, and proper; and 1 hope, when I brine;
in my bill again, that he will vote lor it,and 'like-
wise the Senator from Louisiana, for the same
reason. The cases are parallel. I think this judge
should have his $6,000, and I think that juuge in
Michigan should have his $2,000 for the same
reason—for performing similar duties.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 think the Senator is mis-
taken about my vote. If I voted against the bill
it was certainly because I misunderstood it at the
time. If I had understood it as he now states it,
and it had as much merit as this bill has, cer-
tainly 1 should have voted for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it seems
to me that there is a fundamental objection to the
passage of this bill that cannot be got over. There
i is a constitutional objection to it. I know it is
11 urged upon us on the ground of precedent. The
: Senator from California refers to a precedent per-
haps in Mississippi and several other precedents
as a foundation for this bill. I think it was the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] who once
remarked in the Senate that he had very little re-
; soect for precedents; and 1 am very much of his
' opinion when 1 see how blindly we. are disposed
to follow these precedents. Now, sir, to my mind
the proposition to pay a judge for judicial services,
for five or six years, .inore than you pay him as
his permanent salary, is a plain, palpable viola-
tion of the Constitution. I ask Senators how it
is possible to do this under this clause of the Con-
stitution of the United States?; • '■
" The judges both of the Supreme and inferior courts
shall liold their offices-during good behavior, and sliaJJ, at
stated tunes, receive for their services a compensation,
wliich shall not be diminished daring their continuance in
ofhee."
It is proposed by tliis bill to pay the judges for
special services, which it is said they have ren-
dered, going back to 1852, and reaching forward
for two years longer. I say, sir, under the Con-
stitution you cannot do that.
Mr, LATHAM. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator how it was then that Congress raised the
salaries of the judges of the Supreme Court from
§6,000 to $8,0(10 by an act?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, there is no
difficulty in raising the salaries of the judges bf
the Supreme Court, nor in raising the salaries of
the judges in California. The Constitution pro-
vides that their salaries shall not be diminished;
but you can raise the salaries to any amount you
please. If this is simply a proposition to raise
the salaries of the district judges in California,
there is no constitutional objection to it; but it is
something more than that. You propose to raise
their salaries for a certain number of years pre-
vious to the passage of this bill, and for two years
longer. You cannot do that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Illinois
will permit me, there is an extra duty imposed
upon them by this bill, and two years will suffice
for the performance of that duty, and then, the
extra duties ceasing, the extra salary ceases.
That is the ground.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I should like to
put the question to the Senator from Louisiana, if
he hofds that under the Constitution of the United
States you can reduce a judge's salary after per-
forming any judicial duly? You may impose upon
the judge of one of your courts a duty not judi-
cial'in its character; you may make him a com-
missioner; you may impose on him a duty not
connected with his judicial office, and pay him for
it; but does the Senator from Louisiana mean to
say that you may pay a judge of a United States,
court for extra-judicial duties more one year than
another; or rather, that you can diminish the
salary at any time, under the Constitution of the
country ? Why, sir, when California was ad mitted
into the Union, extra duties were imposed upon
the judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States. Could you pay them a salary of §10,000
for one year, until they got through with these
special extra duties, ana the next year reduce the
salary to $5,000 ?
I ask the Senator from Louisiana what does the
clause in the Constitution of the United States
moan which says you shall not diminish the sal-
ary of a judge? Does it mean nothing more than
this: that you shall not diminish it while he has
precisely the same duty to perform ? Was that
what it meant? Jf you pay these judges a salary
of §6,000 a year from 1852 until 1862, as proposed
by this bill, they are entitled to that salary so
long as they hold the office of judge. If that is
the proposition, and it is properto rai.'.e the sala-
ries to that amount, let us so understand it, arid
not do it in this indirect way. Sir, it is as clearly
and palpably unconstitutional, and every bill that
was ever passed of this character is as palpably
unconstitutional to my mind as it is possible to
make a bill. There is nothing to sustain it but a
precedent, and I am utterly astounded at the idea
advanced by the Senator from Louisiana, that
because extra-judicial duties are put upon the
judge, you may pay him a specific sum for the
extra-judicial duties, and then reduce the salary
the next year. If tho duties are judicial,he must
perform them as a judge, and his salary can never
be diminished after it is once increased.
We have had this question up in the State of
Illinois. Our Legislature has been striving m
some way for years to increase the #ilaries of our
judges. The constitution of our State was fot mod
in i847, at the time when there was great depres-
sion ill the country, and salaries were fixed very
low—as all our people admit, entirely too low
