1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.April 9,
stand on the Calendar, at one o'clock on Thurs-
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that this bill and the other District bus-
iness be made the >special order forThursdaynext,
at one o'clock, and that the amendments to this
bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
IIOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentativcswere severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 313) granting a pension to Abraham
Cram—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 314) for the relief of Emma A.
Wood, widow of Brevet Major George W. F.
Wood, of the United States Army—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions,
A bill (No. 319) granting a pension to Major
John P. Hunter—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 318) for the relief of Andrew E.
Marshall—to the Committee on Pensions.
A biU (No. 320) for the relief of the heirs of
Rev. James Craig, deceased—to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 342) for the relief of James Phelan
—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 344) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Sylvester Day, late a surgeon in
the United States Army—to the Committee on
Claims.
A bill (No. 346) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of P. P. Hull, deceased—to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
A bill (No. 349) for the relief of Peter Roger-
son & Son, of St. John's, Newfoundland, owners
of the British brig Jessie*—to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (No. 317) for the relief of Smith & Hunt,
of Toledo,Ohio—to the Committee on Commerce.
MARY \VAI,BACiI.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ale to take up the bill (S. No. 345) for the relief
of Mary Walbach, widow of the lute Brevet Brig-
adier General John Do B. Walbach, of the United
States Army. ,
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for placing the
name of Mary Walbach, widow of the late Brevet
Brigadier General John De B. Walbach, on the
pension roll, at the rate of fifty dollars per month,
commencing on the 10th of June, 1Sj7, for and
during her natural fife.
The bill was reported to the Senate,ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
AFRICAN SLAVJ3 TRADE.
Mr. WADE. Is there a special order after the
morning hour
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair is advised that the special
order at half past one o'clock is the resolutions of
the Senator from Mississippi, on which the Sen-
ate- from South Carolina is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up a resolu-
tion, submitted by me the. other day, relative to a
treaty between the United States and other Powers
for the suppression of the African slave trade,
with a view to refer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that the resolution has already been re-
ferred.
CONTRACTS OF THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up, for con-
sideration, a resolution jn relation to contracts
entered into by the War Department for iron for
public buildings, and for shot and shells.
Mr.MASON. I wish to inquire whether thatis
the resolution the Senator first moved to take up?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr.MASON. What is the first resolution? I
did not hear it announced.
Mr. WILSON. The first resolution was a res-
olution to £0 to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, concerning the propriety of passing a joint
resolution for the right of search on tho coast of
Africa; and when it was submitted it was objected
to and went over, and I see by the record here
that it is now on the table. I want to refer it.
Mr. MASON. I did not hear the title of the
resolution, nor did I hear the reference made. I
was not aware that there was such a resolution.
Mr. WILSON. Such a resolution was sub-
mitted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary that the resolution is
not on the table, but has been heretofore referred.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
resolution I submitted the other day, in relation
to contracts for iron, &c.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Wilson on the 5th instant:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia be instructed to inquire what contracts, if anj',
have been entered into by the War Department, or by any
officer 01 agont tlu'ieof, in the Jast three vcar , for iron for
tho public buildings; whether such contracts were made
after public advertisement, or otherwise; the amount ot iron
contracted tor, and the amount furnished; the prices paid,
or ordered to bo paid; and whether the same wore in ac-
cordance witli the contracts, or otherwise; and if not, by
what authority they were paid, or ordered to be paid; and
under what authouty of law tujd contracts lutve been en-
tered into, either bj' the War Department or any officer or
agent thereof. Also,that said committee inquire what con-
tracts have been entered into by the War Department for
shot or shells, and iron gun-can lages; or what orders have
been given by that Department, 01 by any officer thereof,
whether civil or military, for shot or shells, and iron gun-
carriages; how such orders or contracts were obtained;
nndoi what authouty the orders were issued or the con-
tracts made ; whether by public adveiuscment in open mar-
ket, or by close purchase; the reasons for issuing such
oidcrs or making such contracts ; the necessity for making
the expenditure; and if due regard has been had therein to
the public service. And that said committee have power
to send for persons and papers, with leave to report at any
time.
Mr. YULEE. I have an amendment to offer
to the resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will lie over until
to-morrow. I do not know that I shall oppose
it; but it is a Ions:resolution, and I should like to
have a chance to look at it. Tim Senator, though,
I can offer his proposed amendment.
Mr. YULEE. It is of no consequence now.
I shall offer an amendment when it comes up.
Mr. HUNTER. I only aslc until to-morrow
to examine the resolution. I do not know that I
shall object to it.
*Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
postponement, if the Senator from Virginia wants
to look at it.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
JOSEPH PATTEE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 346) for the relief of Joseph Puttee.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for placing- the
name of Joseph Pattee, late a corpotfal in the Uni-
ted Slates Army, on the invalid pension roll, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, and to pay
him at that rate from the 21st of June, 1854, for
life.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appeared that the petitioner enlisted in the thirty-
fourth regiment United States infantry, on the
23d April, 1813. When he entered the service
he was robust and vigorous; and when he returned
in 1814 he was in feeble health, owing to the ex-
posures and hardships he endured during the cam-
paign. From the time he left the service he has
never been able to perform half the daily labor
he could endure at the time of his enlistment; and,
for the last eighteen years, he has rarely been able
to do any work. He is now poor and entirely
destitute of property, and dependent on charity
for tho support of himself and wife, who is, and
has been for many years, in very feeble health,
and, therefore, he prays a pension. The state-
ment of the petitioner is fully corroborated by
Hon. J. D. Farnsworth, who was his lieutenant
during the period in which he served, and since
judge of the court of probate, Joshua Gould, and
Asa Laughtons, his comrades. AmosTownsend,
a practicing physician for more than forty years,
and residing in the same neighborhood, although
not in service, knew the petitioner was a healthy
man when he entered the service, and knows that,
when he returned, he was afflicted with the in-
flammatory rheumatism, which has since become
chronic; that his present disability was occasioned
by fatigue, and exposure while m the service of
the United States, and that he is now totally dis- i
abled. !
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ACCOUNTS OF ISAAC COOK.
Mr. FITCH. On Saturday, I notice, a resolu-
tion was introduced by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] relative to the postmaster
at Chicago. The resolution, doubtless without
being so designed by the Senator, is calculated, if
it elicits only the papers specifically called for,
perhaps to do injustice to that officer. I wish,
therefore, the adoption of another resolution on
the same subject, which I now offer:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate copies of I. Cook's answer to any inves-
tigations and charges made m relation to his dischaige of
the duties of postmaster at Chicago, Illinois, during his
present tenn of seivice; and also the argument of his coun-
sel relative to the same matter.
I am informed by the reporter that the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts was not
adopted, but laid over. If so, unless it is the
pleasure of the Senate to adopt both simultane-
ously 
Mr. WILSON. I moved to reconsiderthevote
adopting the resolution, and had it laid on the
table with a view to have an amendment some-
thing like that. Perhaps they had better both lie
over.
Mr. FITCH. I am willing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will lie over for the present.
LAURA C. IIUMBER.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senate to take up tho
bill (S. No. 227) for the relief of Laura C. Hum-
ber, widow of Charles Ii. Humber.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to place the name of
Laura C. Humber, widow of Charles H. Hum-
ber, late captain in the seventh regiment of the
United States infantry, upon the pension roll, at
the rate of twenty dollars per month, to continue
for life or widowhood.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report accom-
panying the bill ?
The Secretary read tho report. From the rec-
ords of the War Department, it appears the hus-
band of the petitioner entered the United States
Army as a cadet, in September, 1835; was second
lieutenant of seventh infantry July 1, 1840; first
lieutenant, September, 1845; brevet captain, " for
gallant and meritorious conduct in the battle of
Cerro Gordo, April 18,1847;" severely wounded
at San Geranimo, August 19, 1847; and died at
Fort Smith, Arkansas, January 2, 1858. The
petitioner prays for a pension, on the ground that
her husband died of disease contracted in the line
of his duty, in the service of the United States, m
the war with Mexico. The following facts appear
in support of her claims: Surgeon J. M. Getty,
of the United States Army, under date of October
26,1857, certifies that he had carefully examined
Captain Ilumber, and that he had a stricture of
the urethra, with disease of the prostate gland,
from which he has suffered for ten or more years;
and that in consequence, in his opinion, he was
unfit for duty. Assistant Surgeon Page, United
States Arnry, under date of January 16, 1858,
says that Captain Humber was suffering from
chronic meninges, which, it is probable, was
caused by the exposure incident to his service m
the Army, and wlule in the line of his duty; that
the disease may have had its origin from the heat
of a tropical sun, while he was on duty in Mex-
ico. He further states that Captain Humber died
from chronic meninges, which, it is probable, was
caused by the exposure incident to his service in
the Army, and while in the line of his duty. The
disease may have had its origin from the heat pf
a tropical climate, while he was on duty in Mex-
ico. Albert F. Dunlap, M. D., states that he
acted in the capacity of assistant surgeon, (his
certificate dated October 20, 1858,) and that tho
disease of Captain Humber was chronic enlarge-
ment of the prostate gland, which was aggra-
vated by riding on horseback, the general state of
his health rendering him unable to march on foot.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this is going one
step further in the way of granting pensions than
has been done heretofore. Tho statement of the
report is, that the physicians say that this officer
may have died in consequcnce of disease Contracted
