1860.
THE COJNTGRESSI0NAL GLOBE.
Mr. HUNTER. I prefer not, I thought it
was understood that we should go on with the ap-
propriation bills.
Mr. YULEE. It has been delayed until now,
at the request of the parties concerned, in conse-
quence of the absence of Senators; and I think
wo can dispose of it.
Mr. HUNTER,. I must ask the Chair to put
my motion, i cannot give way.
Mr. COLLAMER. i understand that we have
got the bill in relation to land claims in California
so far completed that we arc ready to vote upon
it. No one wants to say anything more about it.
One objection, it seems, was made to it, and but
one that I have heard. I move, therefore, that
the prior orders be postponed, with a view of
taking a vot§ on that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a previous
motion pending:.
Mr. HUNTER. I have made a previous mo-
tion .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator from
Virginia will withdraw that for the present, in
order to allow us to take this vote.
Mr. HUNTER.. If I withdraw my motion for
that, then I shall have the. motion of the Senator
from Florida to encounter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think he will withdraw
that.
Mr. YULEK. I withdraw it.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will allow us to take a vote on the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. If it is done by general con-
sent, and it is understood that it will lead to no
debate, and we shail take up the appropriation
bill afterwards, I will not object. .
Mr. CLARK. I desire to submit some remarks
upon it before the vote is taken.
Mr. COLLAMER. Very well; let it go.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I cannot give way. I
must have my motion put.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. What was the motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To postpone all
prior orders, and take up the Army appropriation
bill.
Mr. HALE. I did not knowthat was the mo-
tion.. I thought it was on the other motion, to
postpone the special order, in order to take up the
veto message.
Mr. HUNTER I have got the bill up. Let
us go on with it.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate,as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 305) mak-
ing appiopriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending the 30th of June, lb'61, which
had been reported from the Committee on Finance
with amendments. The first amendment of the
committee was, in lines forty-three and iorty-four,
to strike out ''440,000," and insert "580,000;"
so that the clause will read:
For the rcj?ulai «upphcs of tin1 quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of tuei !or the officer*, filleted men, guai d,
hospital*, vtorehou-es and office*; of'tom^em kind lot the
horses, mule-, and oxen of the quartetina-ter'^ department
at the several posts and station:*, and with the armies in
the field; for the hoiM'& of the two legiineut* of dragoons,
the two ret?mi"iits oi eavahy, the regiment of mo'nnted
riflemen, the companies ot light artilleiy, and such compa-
nies of infantry as may be mounted, and toi the authorized
number of officer^" hoi res when s-ervmg in the field and at
the outpost^, including bidding? the animal*; of straw
lor soldiers' bedding, "and ot stationery, including blank
books tor the quaitennac-ter,i= department, certificates tor
discharged soldiers, blink fornix for the pay and quarter-
master's depaitment* ; and for the printing ot division and
department otdei* and icports, £l,oS0,00U.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
■proposed by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know but we are
to take these bills upon trust. I suppose we shall
have to do so. It is impossible for a member of
the Senate to know anything about an appropri-
ation bill of this character. I believe it is called
ail appropriation for specific purposes: but we
might just as well have a bill of three lilies, sim-
ply declaung l^at a sum i'1 t''le aggregate, fifteen
or twenty million dollars, or whatever it may be,
is hereby appropriated for the use of the Army
for the next fiscal year. The bill is drawn up so
generally—perhaps it is the usual way of draught-
ing them—that it is impossible for any one co
know whether the amount for any particular
branch of service is requisite or not. Now, it ap-
pears from the clause under consideration, that
" for the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers, en-
listed men,- guard, hospitals, storehouses and
offices; of forage in kind for tho horses, mules,
and oxen of the quartermaster's department at the
several posts Mid stations, and with the armies
in the field," and so on, an aggregate sum of
$1,440,000 was appropriated by the. bill-asitcame
from the House. The Committee on Finance
move to increase it §140,000. It may be right.
We have 110 explanation about it. I suppose it
will probably pass. The committee have recom-
mended it. It is simply an increase of $140,000;
and no reasons are given for it at all. These esti-
mates arc all, of course, before the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House of Representa-
tives; and why the amount should be increased
by $140,000 I do not know.
Mr. PEARCE. The committee was not called
on for any explanation of this item. I will state,
however, briefly, that the estimates of the Depart-
ment aie the amounts which the Committee on
Finance have proposed to substitute for the amount
allowed by tiie House bill. It seems that the
House cut down theappropnation from $1,580,000
to §1,440,000, and the Committee on Finance have
not been furnished with any reasons for this re-
duction of the estimate. This estimate is not one
capable of being made with precision. The ex-
penses under these heads depend upon incidents
which cannot bo determined beforehand. It is
impossible, from their nature, that they should be;
and we rely upon the estimates of the Department,
which are certainly conjectural in some degree. We
suppose those whose business it is to deal with
these matters can better estimate what the demands
of tho service in these particulars will be than wo
who are not familiar with them. Last year the
appropriation under this head was $1,440,000, and
we suppose it is because of that that the House
committee have reduced the amount as they have
done; but there are several items under these heads
for winch the appropriations were very much re-
duced last year; and some articles which are
required by the quartermaster's department are
worn out and require repairing or replacing. Now,
last year they got along very well by patching
the saddles, for example; but they say they can-
not patch any more. This year it will not do to
reduce the appropriation so much, because they
cannot patch two years in succession. The arti-
cles aie worthless.
While I am up I will state very briefly, for the
information of the Senate, that the estimates for
the Army last year were ^16,005,000, to say
nothing of some odd hundreds; and tile appro-
priations were $15,905,000. The appropriations
were $3G,000 less than the estimates. This year
the estimates have been very much reduced; they
are £14,623,000, which is less than the appropria-
tions of last year by $1,345,000. The amount of
the bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives is <^13,986,000, being $637,000 less than the
estimates. The Committee on Finance have re-
stored a portion of these estimates, for the reason
that they do not suppose they are so competent to
determine what will be the amount required for
these branches of the public service as those who
have made the estimates. Others, about which
they think themselves a little more competent to
judge, they have not restored to the amount of
the estimates.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Maryland allow me to inquire whether there was
any deficiency last year in the appropriation for
these items? " I understood him to say the amount
appropriated last year was the same that the
House have now inserted. Was there any de-
ficiency in that branch last ycarr
Mr. PEARCE. Not that I am aware of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if the amount appro-
priated last year was sufficient for the purpose,
j it seems to me that that would furnish a very
i good basis for supposing that the amount would
| lie sufficient tins year. It seems that the amount
l appropriated last year was less than the esti-
I mates; still, I do not undeistand that any defi-
' ciency occurred.
j Mr. HUNTER. One reason why no-deficiency
I occurred was that tiiev dmi'iiishcd the numbei of
| animals, on account of the diminution of appro-
j priation, Another reason, as the Senator from
I Maryland has said, is that they could patch up
the saddles for o € .year; _;bu,t.they cannot keep it
up. They are- obliged.  o -hsive the ,mem>s of fur-
nishing the artillery apd" cavalry .vyith, the-neces-
sary equipments. What governeditjhe campatttee
was, that the entire estimate! I think,as my friend
from Maryland hasstated, is$1,500,000 iessUtian
the appropriations last year. Now, the Hou^e,-
when the Secretary estimated less than they ap-
propriated last year, held him to it; and when he
asked for more than they appropriated last year,
they would give him no more than they appropri-
ated for the last year. That seems to be tho rule
that governed them; but, inasmuch as the entire
amount asked for was less than the appropriations
of last year by this large amount, we thought it
but right to give the estimates, especially as it was
.stated they were necessary.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, in line eighty, to strike out "fifty,"
and insert " seventy-five;" so that the clause will
read:
The purcitiisc of ttavelmg forge?, blacksmiths' and shoe-
ing tool*, itoi>e and mule ihoes and nails, iron and steel
for shoeing, lure of vetennary surgeons, medicines for
horses and'mute?, picl:«n ropes, ana tor shoeing the horses
of the corps named, $475,000.
Mr. PEARCE. In relation to that item, I will
state that we have restored the estimate, which is
$82,000 less than the estimate of the service of the
current year. We restored it for the same reason
that we restored the other, supposing they were
better judges of the details in the service than we
can possibly be; and I find, by the by, the remark
I made about the saddles probably applies to this
item. •
The amendment was agreed to. ^
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, in line ninety, to strike out "$300,000,"
and insert" §593,882 60;" so that the clause will
read:
For constructing barracks and other buildings at posts
which it may be necessary to occupy during tho year; for
repairing, altering, and enlarging buildings at the estab-
lished posts, including hire or commutation of quarters for
officers on military duty; lure of quarters tor troops; of
etorc-houses foi the keeping of military stores; of grounds
for summer cantoumems; lor temporary frontier stations,
including .y I 'iMil'l for the purchase of stoves, 8;"'03;KS:1 60.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I simply want to call the
attention of the Senate to the change here. The
amount for this service "for constructing barracks
and other buildings at posts which it may be ne-
cessary to occupy during the year ; for repairing,
altering, and enlarging buildings at the established
posts," &c., is almost doubled by the Senate.
The House has appropriated for that purpose
|300,000. The amendment of the Committee on
Finance proposes to appropriate $593,882, almost
double. It may be right; but 1 suppose the same
answer will be given as was given before. The
Secretary says he wants this much money. If
that is all there is in an appropriation bill, to just
vote whatever he asks, then there is no use of
taking up time about it. I think when the House
has investigated a matter and reduced the esti-
mate of appropriation nearly one half, nearly
three hundred thousand dollars, they have prob-
ably done it for some sufficient reason. I am not
disposed, for one, to vote the appropriation asked
by the Secretary unless some reason be shown for
it other than the one which has been given in the
other cases—that he simply asks for this much
money, and the committee agree to it. Then, why
not let him make the law at once'
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the appropn
ations which the Finance Committee have recom-
mended to be inserted in place of those made by
the House are according to the estimaUsfurmshed
in detail. Here, m the estimates, with which every
member of the Senate is furnished, are all the
items detailed for each particular object. Tho
House of Representatives have cut these down,
not, as we can understand, for any reason which
we can appreciate, but arbitrarily, oil a general
principle of reducing expenditure. If any papers
had come to the Committee on Finance; if, m any
way, the Committee on Fi nance had been furnished
with the reasons for which these reductions had
been made, they would have been capable ot es-
timating their weight. In the absence of any rea-
sons, when we had only the arbitrary will of the
Committee of Ways and Means, or ot the House,
