1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1613
in the service. It seems there is no positive state-
ment to that effect; and unless it is shown affirma-
tively that he did not die of some other disease, did
not die of one that was notcontracted in the service,
then his widow is not entitled to a pension. I be-
lieve in all the cases, at least all that I have had my
attention called to, there has always been the cer-
tificate of the physician that the officer had died of
disease contracted in the service, if such was the
fact. It is not pretended that he died of wounds
received in the service, I presume. If he did, his
widow would be entitled to a pension under the
general law. I think this is going a step further
than any case that has come under my observation.
Mi*. CLAY. The Senator misapprehends the
testimony which is presented in the report, and
he does me great injustice in supposing that I
would urge any pension bill which did not come
strictly within the spirit of the general law, for I
believe I have the character of being pretty rigid
in my administration of the pension system. The
Senator was misled by catching the last word of
the surgeon's certificate. One surgeon, Surgeon
Page, says he died of chronic meninges, "which
it is probable was caused by the exposure inci-
dents hisservicein the Army," in Mexico. The
other testifies substantially to the same effect. I
am perhaps more familiar with the practice of the
Pension bureau and the Pension Committee than
the Senator is ; I have been a member of that
committee for six years past. It is very rare
that a surgeon will venture to swear positively
that a disease was contracted in time of war or in
the service of the United States; but if the Sena-
tor had read all the testimony, I am satisfied that
he would have been thoroughly persuaded that
this disease was contracted in the United States
service. The facts are not all detailed in the
report, and they show that Captain Humberwas
as many as three times relieved from duty on
furlough, on certificate of the surgeon that he was
physically incapable of performing his duty; and i
yet although he had that certificate, which entitled
him to an honorable discharge temporarily from
the public service, he did riot avail himself of it,
but continued in the service, aud at the time of
his death he died emphatically with the harness on
his back. .He was told, as is testified to, though
not presented in the report, that if he went on the
service for which he was detailed, it would cost
him his life ; that he was incapable of performing \
the duties and incurring the hardships and pri- !
vations incident to the tour which he undertook; |
but he went like a true soldier and patriot; and !
his wife, with a moral heroism which is as rare as J
it is admirable, although she had an infant at her j
breast, accompanied him. She lost her infant, I i
believe, before she lost her husband. He reached !
his post, but there he could not receive the med- ■
ical attention or the treatment which was ncccs- '
sary, and he was sent back in a carriage. The
horses broke down in the snow and were unable
to proceed further. The persons attending him
then attempted to carry mm in their arms and
they broke down supporting him in their arms,
and he at length heroically begged them to aban-
don him and let him die whore he was. They
would not, however, do so. They remained with
"him,at length got him into a post, and he died there
within a day or two thereafter. It is one of the
strongest claims to a pension which has ever been
presented to the committee, and the committee
unanimously approved it. There was not a dis-
senting voice in the committee, and I believe we
had a full committee, and it is a far stronger and
better case than any that has been passed by the
Senate during this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
obliged to call up the special order of the day,
which is the resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.]
HEIATIONS OF STATES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolutions, submitted by Mr. Davis on
the 1st of March:
1. Resolved, That, in the adoption of the Federal Consti-
tution, the States adopting the -ame acted severally as free
and independent sovereignties, delegating a portion of their
powers to be exercised bv the Federal Government for the
increased security of each against dangers, domestic as well
as foieign; and that any intermeddling by any one or more
State«, or by a combination of their citizens, with the do-
mestic institutions of the others, on any pretext whatever,
political, mural, or religious, with a view to their disturb-
ance or subversion, is In violation of the Constitution, in-
sultiii" -to tbe Stat-aa-so Interfered with, endanger# tlreir-
domestie peace and tranquillity—objects for which the Con-
stitution was formed—and, by necessary consequence,
tends to weaken and destroy the Union iuelf.
2. Resolved, That negro slavery, as it exists in fifteen
States of this Union, composes an important portion of their
domestic institutions, inherited from their ancestors, and
existing at the adoption of the Constitution, by which it is
recognized as constituting an important element in the
apportionment of powers among the States; and that no
change of opinion or feeling on the part of the non-slave-
holding States of th« Union, in relation to this institution,
can justify them, or their citizens, in open or covert attacks
thereon, with a view to its overthiow; and that all such
attacks are in manifest violation of the mutual and solemn
pledge to protect and defend each other, given by the States
respectively on entering into the constitutional compact
which formed the Union, and are a manifest breach of
faith, and a violation of the most solemn obligations.
а. Resolved, That the union of these States rests on the
equality of rights and privileges among its members; aijd
that it is especially the duty of the Senate, which represents
the States m theii sovereign capacity, to resist all attempt*
to discriminate either in relation to persons or pioperty in
the Territories, which aie the common possessions of the
United States, so as to give advantages to the citizens of
one State which aie not equally assuied to those of every
other State.
4. Resolved, That neither Congress nor a Territorial Legis-
lature, whether by direct legislation, or legislation of an
indirect and unfriendly character, possess power to annul or
impair the constitutional right of any citizen of the United
States to take his slave propeity into the common Territo-
ries, and tnere hold and enjoy the same while the territorial
condition remains.
f). Resolved, That if experience sshould at any lime prove
that the judicial and executive authority do not possess
means toinauie adequate protection to constitutional rights
in a Territory, and it the territorial government should fail
"or reiuse to provide the necessary remedies for that purpose,
it will be the duty of Congress to supply that deficiency.
б. Resolved, That the inhabitants ot aTeriitory of the j
United States, when they rightfully form a constitution tx> !
be admitted as a State into the Union, may then, for the :
fir^t time, like the people of a State when forming a new
constitution, decide for themselves whether slaveiy, as a
domestic institution, shall be maintained oi pjolubsted
within their jurisdiction ; and tlicj thail be received into
the Union with or without slavery, as their constitution
may piescnbe at the tune of then admission."'
i. Resolved, That tne provision ot the Constitution for
the rendition of fugitives from service or labor, without the
adoption ot which the Union could not have been foimed,
and that the laws of 1793 and 18,10, which weie enacted to
secure its execution, and the main features of which, being
similar, bear the impiess of ncaily seventy years of sanc-
tion by the lughe.st judicial authority should be honestly
and faithfully observed and maintained by all who enjoy
the benefits of our compact ot union; and that all acts ol ,
individuals oi of State LegUlatmes to defeat the purpose j
or nullity the requirements of that piovision, and the Jaws
made m pui^uance of it, arc hostile m character, <«ubvers- j
ive of the Constitution, and levolutionaiy m their effect, j
Mr.CHESNUT. Mr.President,thcresolutions j
introduced by the Senator from Mississippi are j
just, andtherofore Wise. In regard tothe subjects of j
which they treat, they announce the true doctrine i
of the Constitution. Among other things, they '
denounce two capital political heresies: that which |
claims sovereign power for the Government, un- ;
limited power over this subject; and that which j
claims sovereign power tor the inhabitants of a |
Territory. One leads straightway to despotism, j
The other,by yielding to usurpation, abandons the j
duty and abdicates the just authority of the Gov- i
ernment. I oppose both. So entirely do I concur 1
in tbe principles and the policy announced by the ;
resolutions, that I had intended on this occasion to j
discuss them closely and fully; but as they have ;
been compassed already by my friend from ;
Texas, [Mr. Wigfall,] who*spoke the other day j
on this subject, and as I shall have much else |
to say, and may speak more directly hereafter, j
1 will relieve the Senate from the pain of being j
carried over the same ground on those points, and j
address myself to some cognate matters in which ]
the interests of the country are concerned. |
Since the first Monday of last December, nota- I
j ble scenes have been presented at the Federal
{ Capitol. The representatives of the people of the j
States and the representatives of the States them-
selves, brought together under the provisions of ;
a common Constitution, assembled here with ex- ;
cited feelings and opposing thoughts. The collis- ,
ions thus produced have made manifest to the ;
world the wide and growing estrangement between ;
them. The opposing forces have had one angry j
conflict; and now, each stan ding on its own ground, t
they present themselves front to front with low-
ering aspect of distrust, discontent, and mutual j
hostility. Again, they are preparing for another,, j
a fiercer, a grander, and, sir, can we hope a final >
struggle? The smoke ofthe first encounter having |
passed away, it may be of some import to survey I
the field, and to explore calmly the causes which j
have brought us iYito conflict. I enter upon j
this inquiry with no view to agitate, but I trust j
with the better motive of ascertaining and recog-
nizing the truth; that justice may prevail; that the
rights of each and the good of all may be secured.
For the distracted condition in which the coun-
try is found, many causes have been assigned,
varying and sometimes opposite, according to
the predilections, prejudices, and positions of
those who observe. Domestic African slavery, as
it exists in some of these States, is a cause very
proximate for present irrifetion and disturbance}
but, sir, beyond this, there is yet another cause,
which I have long noticed, which has been ob-
served before, and which is of great force. It is
the misconception in most cases, in others the ig-
norance, of the relations of the States to each
other, and ofthe Federal Governments the States;
in short, of our system of governments.. But
there is yet another cause underlying all. It is a
false and fatal theory of society; a mischievous
misapprehension of the true relations of men to
each other, to Government and to society.
The vitality which is in the anti-slavery party
arises out of this false theory, proceeds on this
misapprehension. The life of tneir creed is the
equality of all men ofalIracesnaturally,andthcre-
fore should be socially and politically. Their sys-
tem is theoretical, and altogether French^ of the
period of "victorious anarchy." These gentlemen
seem to me to disregard the world as it is, and to
ignore the lessons of experience; whereas the
people of the South, and the Democratic partyof
the North, generally adopt different opinions.
They regard man as he really is, not as presented
by the imagination of idealists. They regard the
raccs with their natural inequalities, varying ca-
pacities, and differing necessities. They believe
that governngent, to exercise wisely the functions
for which it was instituted on earth, must be of
continual growth; assuming such forms, and pro-
viding such laws,as the natural inequalities, vary-
ing capacities, and differing necessities of the dis-
tinct people upon whom it acts may from time to
time require. With these, experience is the great
teacher which holds the light, while reason applies
such teaching to secure the steady advancement
of society, and provides for the wants of its mem-
bers. One is absolute theory, excogitated from
the brain of the cyclopcdists, resting on visions
of dreamers, which all history proves to be un-
steady, explosive, and destructive. Amid eternal
confusion it is ever busy in the endless task of
dilapidation and reconstruction. The other view
proceeds upon the laws of nature, and the expe-
rience of the world. It moves on the accumula-
tion of well-tried facts, grouped by generaliza-
tion, and imported into the ever-growing science
of human government. It adopts a philosophy
which insures steadiness, peace, and advancement.
Here is a fundamental difference between us; a
conflict of ideas; and according to the prevalence of
one or the other must our system of government
survive or perish. Now, sir, let us look into these
causes,and see the practical bearingof themupon
the condition of the country.
The anti-slavery feeling and action ofthe North
proceed from a combination of elements. One is
honest and earnest, though misguided, in which the
understanding is narrowed by prejudice, and rea-
son and judgment subservient to passion, wild,
blind, self-righteous, and reckless; this is fanati-
cism. Another party, embracing the mass, is un-
speculative, though impressible. This, withouP
being possessed of fanaticism, or perceiving the
purpose and ruinous tendency ofthe combination,
suffers itself to be drawn into the vortex to swell the
power of a third and controlling element, which is
purely political. This last seizes upon the other
two and converts them to its own use, which is the
attainment of political power. This combination
now controls nearly every non-slaveholding State
of the Union; threatens to ingulf the Constitution,
and sweep from the country every vestige of that
great heritage which has been transmitted by a
common ancestry. It constitutes the Republican
party, as it is called, in this year of grace 1^60-
and against such a power we must cry, " To your
tents, oh Israel!" and leave the issue to the God
of battles.
Let us examine what this party seeks to ac-
complish, by what means, and what will be the
result if it succeeds.
They seek the emancipation of the negro
in the United States—one portion dfrebtly,and by
force, if needs be; the other by the longer way of
circumvention. Both aim at the same end—-the
abolition of slavery in the United States, Ine
