m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
The Homestead Bill—Mr. Windom.
Ho. 01? Reps.
of Alabama,] in aspeech delivered some time ago,
in the Senate, said:
"Property is the foundation of every social fabric. To
preserve, protect, and perpetuate rights of property, society
is formed and government is framed."
Contrast this declaration of the principles of
modern Democracy with the enunciation of the
great truths of genuine Democracy by Jefferson
in the Declaration of Independence:
" Wc hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are
created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with
ecrtaia inalienable rights; that among these are life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness; and that to secure these
rights governments are instituted among men."
After having thus asserted the modern doctrine
of his party as to capital, the same Senator, in
speaking of the convention which framed the Le-
compton constitution, thus expressed his opin-
ions of the people:
"In my opinion, they [the framcrs of the Lecompton
constitution] would have acted m stricter accordance with
the spirit and genius of our institutions, if they had not
submitted it in whole or in pait to the popular vote. Our
fatbcia founded lepubliean governments in preference to
democracies, not so much because it would be impractica
ble, as because it would he umvise and inexpedient for the
people themselves to assemble and adopt laws."
In another part of the same specch, in speak-
ing of the fathers of the Republic, he says:
"They knew from the examples furnished by Greece and
Italy that it 16 impossible, in a pure democracy, to remove
the causes or control the effects of faction ; that an abso-
lute majoiity is oftcner swayed by passion than by reason;
that its voire is oftcner that of a demon than of God; that
it is the mnH cruel, rapacious, intolerant, and intolerable of
all ti/iant$.,}
Another honorable Democratic Senator, and a
leader of his party, [Mr. HAmmond, of South Car-
olina,] in elucidating the difference between the
two classes represented by labor and capital,
says:
"In all social systems there must be a class to do the
menial duties, and perform the drudgeiy of lift;. That is, a
ela^s requiring but a low order of intellect and but little
skill. It* requisites arc vigor, docility, and fidelity. Such
a class you must have, or you would not have that other
class winch leads progress, civilization, and refinement.
It constitutes the very mud-sills of society and of political
government; and you might as well attempt to build a
house in the air, as to build either the one or the other rx-
cept on thix mud-sitl.
" The poor j-e always have with you; for the man who
lives- by daily laboi, and scarcely live* at that, and who has
to put out bis laboj ui tile maiket, and take the hebt he can
get for it, in short, your whole < lass of manual laborers and
operatives, as yoit call them, are essentially slaves
If additional evidence is demanded that in this
struggle between labor and capital the Demo-
cratic party has arrayed itself on the side of the
latter, I will quote one or two more extracts from
good Democratic authority. Mr. Calhoun, the
great leader and patron saint of modern Democ-
racy, in a speech delivered in the United States
Senate, in 1838,used this language:
" Many m the tfotuh once believed that it [slavery] was
a moial and political evil; that lolly am! delusion is gone.
We f-ee if now in its true light, and legaid it as the most
safe and stabir basis for free institutions m the world, it
is impossible with us that the conflict can take place be-
tween labor and capital, which make it so difficult to estab-
lish and maintain free institutions in all wealthy and highly-
<ivihzrd nations where such institutions as ours [slaveiy]
do not exist."—Jlppendix Congressional Globe, 1837-38,
page 62.
This, sir, was thoffirst distinct enunciation of
the principles which now form the real platform
of«hat party. The Richmond Enquirer, a lead-
ing and influential journal of the Democratic party,
said;
" This is but part of our programme ; we mean to show
up free society—to show that the little experiment made in
a corner of western Europe has signally laded. Then we
will invade our North, wheieasimilnr experiment is making
—not made We will point to a thousand premonitory
symptoms of ultimate failure, and always adduce the Abo-
litionist* themselves as our witnesses. In tine, we intend,
fiom time to time, to institute a searching comparison be-
tween slave boeiety and free society, and to prove that the
former is the old, almost universal, normal, and natural,
condition of civilized society."
A Democratic paper published in Lynchburg,
Virginia, in 1854, called the Lynchburg Repub-
lican, in speaking of this conflict between capital
and labor says:
"And is there no solution—no harmonizing remedy ?" *
* * * u Woman is inferior to man ; God and nature
declare the fact; but where the cause of quarrel between
thr two? The child is inferior to it* parents ; but no war
can giow up between them. In the last cases, the inferior-
ity and subjection have ever been recognized. Not so with
capital and labor. They have never ceased to fi^ht for the
tnaitery, and they never will, until their true relations are
recognized and acted uponby society. If this were done, their
clashing interests would be harmonized and made identical.
How and where is this done ? We answer, that it is accom-
plished by slavery, as it exists in the southern States."
* * * " Slavery is the corner-stone of our repub-
licanism." * * * << Slavery is the great peace-
maker between capital and labor."
Here, sir, you have the Democratic solution of
this great problem. This struggle between capi-
tal and labor will never end, it is said, " until their
true relations are recognized and acted upon by
society, "and the laborer is owned by the capitalist.
Nor is it proposed to confine the blessings of sla-
very to the negro race alone. The white laborer,
in the opinion of these Democratic leaders, comes
also within the principle upon which they justify
slavery; and tlicy claim that the right of one man
to own anotherii doesnot depend upon difference in
complexionI quote again from the Richmond
Enquirer:
"The South now maintains that slavery is right,natural-
and necessaiy. It shows that all Divine and almost all hu-
man authority justifies it. The South further charges that
the little experiment of free society m western Europe ha*
been from the beginning a cruel failure, andt^at symptoms
of failure arc abundant in our North. While it isiarinore
obvious that negroes should be slaves than whites—for they
are only fit to labor, not to direct—yet the principle of slavery
is in itself right, and does not depend on difference of complex-
ion
Again: Mr.IjJitzhugh,in a book entitled Failure
of Free Society, circulated extensively in the
South, says:
" We do not adopt the theory thatllam was the ancestor
of the negio race. The Jewish slaves were not negroes,
and to confine the justification of slavery to that race would
be to weaken itfe scnptmal authority, and to lose the whole
weight of profane authority, for we read of no negro slavery
in ancient times." * * * * " Slavery, black
oruhitc,isrightandnccessary-,, * * * * "The
slaves arc governed far better than the free laborers at the
North arc governed. Our negroes are not only better off as
to physical comfort than free laborers, but their moral con-
dition is better."—1'age 96.
From the same book, on page 179,1 quote the
following:
" Men are not' born entitled to equal rights.' It would
be far nearer the truth to say that some were born with
saddles on their backs, and others booted and spuned to
nde them ; and the tiding does them good."
Now, sir, viewing the homestead bill from the
Democratic stand-point, and by the light of mod-
ern Democratic doctrines and principles, it must
be conceded by ail that that party is strictly con-
sistent in opposing it. Modern Democracy would
crush the laborer," and reduce him to a mere chat-
tel. This measure will cause " labor to look up
in the midst of toil, and be proud."
Modern Democracy would place the lands of
the nation in the hands of the capitalist, and per-
mit him to buy and sell the tillers of the soil-
negroes if convenient, if not, white men; for its
doctrine is that "the principle of slavery is right in
itself, and does not depend on difference of com-
plexion." The homestead bill will divide the pub-
lic domain into small quantities, and make every
tiller of the soil an independent freeman.
Candor requites mo to say, sir, that I do not
believe such sentiments as those I have quoted
are entertained by the entire Democratic party;
but they are the sentiments and principles of those
who lead that party and control its councils. As
a party you are opposed to the- interests of free
labor, and seek, by your legislation, to protect and
build up the capitalist. Democracy in the North
and West is quite a different thing from Democ-
racy in the South; but it is very evident that the
Democratic party in the former sections is pow-
erless, and is rapidly becoming an extinct insti-
tution. It may be truthfully written upon all its
tents, as upon the tents of the Indian tribes of the
West, "Passing away! passing away!" The
chief difference there noticeable between the In-
dian tribes and the Democracy is, that the former
have gone in a westerly and the latter in a south-
erly direction. The one seeks to escape from the
presence of the white man, and enjoy the bless-
ings of liberty upon the wild, free prairies of the
West; while the former turns his back upon the
free white laborer, and seeks the blessings of sla-
very on the negro plantations of the South.
We have seen, sir, how this beneficent meas-
ure has hitherto been treated by the Democratic
party in Congress. I now beg the indulgence of
the House for a few moments while I examine
the position of this Administration, elected to its
present position by the Democracy of the coun-
try, in relation to it, as disclosed in the annual re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior, for the year
1859.
In speaking of the "expectation in the public
mind" that Congress would pass the homestead
bill, the honorable Secretary says:
" The enactment of a law embracing such objects would
work a change hostile to all preceding legislation in refer-
ence to the public lands; a change, in my judgment,un-
sound m principle and fraught with ruinous consequences in
its practical application."
In support of the opinion that an act which
the public expect us to pass, and which five sixths
of the people of this country demand at our hands,
would be " unsound in principle, and fraught with
ruinous consequences," the honorable Secretary,
speaking doubtless in the name of his party—at
least as its head in this Department—urges the
following reasons:
" The public lands of the United States constitute a leg-
acy of inestimable value, which, if wisely administered,
will be the basis of a public crcdit far more substantial
than is possessed by any other nation in the woild. The
price at which the public lands are now sold is little if any
above prime cost, it wc take into account the expense of
removing the Indians and protecting the western trantier;
and it is but just that those who appropriate to themselves
the richest tracts and choicest locations, and who espe-
cially have the protection of Government, while doing so
should make some reasonable return in money."
I concede, sir, with pride, that the public lands
of the United States constitute a " legacy of ines-
timable value;" but I maintain that this legacy
belongs to the people, and not to that intangible
thing called Government; and I will ever oppose,
to the utmost of my limited capacity, that senti-
ment—already too prevalent—which would cen-
tralize the wealth of the nation, instead of dis-
tributing it among the people.
A State is great, rich, and powerful, not in pro-
portion to the mass of wealth which it may accu-
mulate in its treasury, but in proportion as the
men who constitute it are prosperous, honest,
brave, and happy. The accumulation and cen-
tralization of wealth in the public Treasury has
a direct tendency to corrupt those who make and"
execute the laws, and to impoverish the people.
The history of the world abounds in proofs of the
fact, that just in proportion as the State grows
rich, the people become poor. X claim that this
"legacy spoken of by the honorable Secretary
is not one to be used by the nation, as'such, as a
basis of public credit, and for the purpose of cen-
tralizing power m the hands of a few favorites of
the Government, but that, by all the principles of
sound policy and justice, humanity and right, it
belongs to the people, and that Congress is only
the trustee of this splendid patrimony, and in
duty bound so to execute the trust that the right-
ful owners—the people—may enjoy the full ben-
efit of it.
But it is claimed that " the price at which the
public lands are now sold is but little, if any,
above prime cost," &c.; and the conclusion is,
that the Government cannot afford to make the
distribution contemplated by this bill. All the
reply which I desire, to make to the argument of
the Secretary and of my Democratic friends, on
this point, is to call their attention to the report
of the Secretary of the Interior in 1850, by which
it is shown that the public lands had then paid
for themselves, and left a surplus of $60,000,000
in the Treasury. The receipts from the sales of
public lands since 1850 amount to over forty mil-
lion dollars; so that it appears the Government
has been fully repaid the amount of money ex-
pended for them, and has also extracted a profit
from the hard earnings of the pioneer amounting
to the very comfortable sum of over one hundred
million dollars. It is said, also, by this Demo-
cratic Administration, in the report of the honor-
able Secretary, that it is but just and fair that
those who take these lands "should make some
reasonable return in money."
This objection may look very plausible, sir, to
those who have been reared in luxury and ease;
who occupy high offices in this city under the
Federal Government, and whose pockets are filled
with this " reasonable return;" but I would re-
spectfully invite such persons to conic with me to
the pioneer settlements of the West, and, it I mis-
take not, they will return wiser, if not bettermen.
They will find there a people industrious, frugal,
intelligent, brave, and generous, before whose
