1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
relative proportion of these elements cannot accu-
rately be stated; but I suppose it will be fair to as-
sume that all those who are„ sympathizers of the
notorious Brown, those who canonize his memory
and sing peans to his name and fame, are of the j
first class; and the proof is that their numbers are ,
great. The third element is more unquestionable |
m shape and identity. We know it to be large,
complete in organization, adroit and energetic in
action. Those who compose itseek also to abolish
slavery in the United States. They proclaim,
however, that they do not intend to interfere with
slavery in the States, but, at the same time, declare
their purpose to restrict it; to prevent its expan-
sion; to excludc it from the Territories; to hem it
in, that increasing numbers may press upon the
means of subsistence; to make it, if they can, not
only worthless, but burdensome; to destroy its j
relations, and thus force the exodus of one or the 1
other race from the regions they now occupy m
the South.
But this is a slow process. The general object
is to be pressed on to a moj^c rapid conclusion, "if
it can be done. Meanwhile, for this purpose, all
the batteries of agitation are to play their cease-
less thunders. Pulpit politicians, pamphleteers,
spcech-lnongers, and all the other howling ele-
ments of a hellish enginery, are to irritate, dis-
turb, and endanger. The demon of civil discord,
too, is to be invoked, that'all the horrors may |
revel at the same time in the same infernal dance. .
Mr. President, lot us suppose for a moment j
that abolition is accomplished; that its triumph
has been gratefully celebrated by a grand liba-
tion of the bloofl of every slaveholder; that the
meek eyes of its advocates arc glittering with sat-
isfaction over the blighted fields rflicf smoking
ruins of a fiery desolation—and then ask, what is j
gained? Ay, sir, that is a pregnant question, 1
which the country may well heed. !
I will not speak of the dissipation of the sublime 1
idea of a great and just Republic of confederated j
States covering a continent; I will not speak of j
the annihilation of a nascent power looming up ,
into such vast proportions that its shadow already j
covers the civilized earth; nor of the abandonment 1
of a high and holy trust; nor of the injustice to the
unborn millions that may follow; nor of the hoarse
jeers of reassured despotism when we prove the
incapacity of even civilized man for self-govern-
ment. These arc the themes of the orator, and
to the orator I leave them. In this practical day,
I will address myself to more material considera-
tions.
Who, then, will be benefited by the abolition of
slavery in the United States5 No man, woman,
or child, of any race, or of any condition. If any
benefit can result from such an achievement, it
will redound to the interest of foreign people and
foreign power. Yes, sir, wittingly or unwittingly,
the anti-slavery party of this day is laboring for
the interests of foreign power and people, and
against the interests of every laborer in the United
States, free or slave, North or South, as I will
attempt to show.
If abolition be confined to the United States,
wl^it will be the result? The first result will be
such an enhanced price of the productions of slave
labor elsewhere, consequent on the diminished
supply, that those States then retaining slavery
would bound forward with such power and pros-
perity as would be without a parallel, except in
the instance of this country and a few others at
the time England passed her emancipation act.
Cuba and Brazil would bo the beneficiaries of the
first result. Under the combined influence of en-
hanced price and diminished supply there would
follow ademand for more and cheap labor; the Af-
rican slave trade would be reopened, for, underthe
condition of things which would existon theaboli-
tion of slavery here, I doubt if there exists power
enough in the world, even if the world were in-
clined to exert it, either to suppress or diminish it.
It is most probable that, under such circumstances,
and the necessities of the world, even Central
America and South America would be brought to
the adoption of the system of African slavery. If
that .should be done, it would strike down the
proud preeminenceof thisConfedeiacy,and trans-
fer the power of the continent further south. The
first result then would be for the benefit of Spain
and Brazil, or other countries having this insti-
tution.
But suppose that, under the combined pressure
of the otW civilized ppwors Qf the earth, Spain
and Brazil succumb to its influence, and eman-
cipation at once became universal: what then
would be the result? Great Britain, with her skill,
capital, energy, perseverance, and intelligence,
commanding such vast regions in Africa, Asia,
the East and West Indies, so well adapted to trop-
ical productions, would command them all. Un-
derthe influence of enhanced price and diminished
supply, she would be able so to stimulate and es-
tablish her system of slavery—her system of free
labor, as she calls it, but slavery in fact—as to
give her a virtual monopoly of all those produc-
tions That would enable her to retrieve the blun-
ders of the past, and would replace her upon the
throne. In the center of the world, reposing on
conscious strength, without a rival or the fear of
rivalry, she would again stretchherscepter through
the earth and dominate the globe. The other
countriesofthe world, and the United States more
especially, dwarfed and humiliated, must thence-
forth move at her will beneath the shadow of un-
questioned power. Such would be the second re-
sult of the abolition of slavery. It redounds to
the establishment of English power, the predom-
inance of English commerce, the overshadowing,
overwhelming power of that mighty Empire. Sir,
that is the second result to which the efforts of
the anti-slavery party tend.
Mr. President, it is well to see what has been
done on this subject. The emancipation of the
slaves in the United States would not now be an
experiment with us. Other nations in this cen-
tury have led the way in that policy. Their exam-
ple is before us for warning and instruction. If
we are among those who cannot learn by expe-
rience, we must be given over to impending de-
struction. It is curious to observe how plainly
written arc the lessons of the past. Let us see
what classes of persons, what arguments, what
philosophy inlluonced the British Parliament thir-
ty years ago to abolish slavery in the West Indies.
I ask leave to lead from British authority—from
the London Quartcily Review of 1831:
u Hut tiie bulk of them really know nothing of the diffi-
culties with winch the s-ubjoct is surrounded. They are
directed solely by abstract notions of justice andhumanitv,
which cannot be denied to be among the best of all human
incentives to action, when underthe contiol of knowledge
;\nd discretion ; but, when deprived ofthis salutary restraint,
are among the most fallacious guides it is possible to follow.
They conceive it to be then duty, at all hazards, to rescue
the African, whom thoy invariably paint to themselves as
mild, ti actable, and industuous, out of the hands of a master
who is always repicsentedas inhuman andoppiessive ; and
imagine that as soon a-> the fiat ol iuanunu->Mi)n shall have
issued from the Bntish Senate, the work of mercy will he
pTleef, and the reign of peace and happiness will begin.
Fiom the whole tenm of then words ami action, it js evi-
dent that they neither know the facts, nor understand the
grounds, upon which their opinions ought to*be founded;
and, like many other well meaning,but incompetent legis-
lator, they i^tir up and promote innovations of which they
are qualified neither by their habits nor by their acquire-
ments to foresee the consequences, immediate or ultimate.
"• Next to these, we may adveit to a small but compact
phalanx of politicians, who affect a deep interest in the
statf of the negroes in the West Indies, and make common
cause with the Abolitionists, in order that th^y may be ush-
eied into public place or public favor upon their shoulders.
With them slavery may bo regarded as a kind of stock in
trade, and the woes of the sons of Africa are valuable—ut
puris placeant, et dcclamutio Jiot. On the hustings at elec-
tions, in halls and societies,*at forenoon meetings, and in
taverns, when toasts and speeches begin after dinner,
scarcely a single opportunity offers in which some orator
or othei docs not introduce the negiocs, for the solo pur-
pr s:  of gaming the votes or favor of men infinitely better
than himself, and with whose simplicity and credulity, as
soon as he has taken hi  departure, he ib delighted to make
lumscll* merry with his friends and associates,—Quar-
terly Review for 1831, vol. 45, p. 21£J.
Such, Mr. President, was a description of the
anti-slavery party, in 1831, in England. Although
it is mild in phrase, soft m coloring, yet it is clear
and comprehensive in outline. How far it is a
correctportraiture of the anti-slavery party of this
day, I leave to the world to determine; but this I
will say, that the party now is far less excusable,
because it has had the benefit of experience, in
the example of a fatal experiment. Let us now
see what this party did for England, and what for
the race emancipated.
Anterior to the year 1808, Great Britain had the
command of the productions of the tropical re-
gions. in that year she abolished the slave trade.
The diminution of cheap and abundant labor thus
produced, lost her that command. Spain and Por-
tugal seized the advantage, and stimulated the
African slave trade, and, by procuring cheap and
abundant labor, were soon enabled not only to
rival but surpass Great Britain in tropical produc-
tions from-Cuba and Brazil. The importance of
gaining this command is strikingly set forth by
a very able and eminent writer, from whom I will
make some citations:
" During [said McQueen] the fearful struggle of a quar-
ter of a century, for her existence as a nation, against the
power and resouices of Europe, directed by the most intel-
ligent but remorseless mihtaiy ambition against her, the
command of the productions of the torrid zone, and the ad-
vantageous commerce which that afforded, gave to Great
Britain the power and the resources which enabled her to
meet,to combat, and to overcome her numerous and reck-
less enemies on every battle-field, whether by sea or by land,
throughout the world. In lier the world saw realized the
fable i giant of antiquity. With her hundred hauds she ,
grasped her foes in pvery region under heaven, and crushed
them with resistless energy."
Again:
"The increased cultivation and prosperity of foreign
tropical possessions is become so great, and is advancing
so rapidly the power and resources of other nations, that
these arc embanassing this countiy [England] in all her
commercial relations, in her pecuniary resources, and in
ail her political relations and negotiations."
Under this state of affairs, the English people,
the English statesman, became very keenly alive
to the disadvantages they had suffered by this loss,
and looked about for means to remedy the evils
which they had produced. I quote again from
Mr. Mcduecn:
"If" * v * * "the cultivation ofthetrop-
ical leiritoriesof other Powers be not opposed und checked by
British tropical cultivation, then the interests and the power
of such States will rise into a preponderance over those of
Great Britain, and the powerand the influence of the latter
will cease to bo felt, feared, and respected, umougat the
civilized and powerful nations of the world."
These citations from Mr. McQ,ucen are taken
from a recent publication on colonization, by Dr.
Christy.
How to oppose and check the cultivation of the
tropical territories of other Powers, and increase
her own, became a question of prime importance.
This could be done either by an increase ofcheap
labor from abroad, or by increasing to the suffi-
cient extent the productions of^the labor already
there. To reopen the African slave trade with
England was impossible, and voluntary immigra-
tion from other countries could not be cxpectcd.
The only rosouroc left, therefore, was the in-
creased production, to a sufficient extent, of the
laborers already there. This expedition pro-
ceeded on the absurd idea that one free negro
would produce more than two slaves. The stim-
ulus of wages was to effcct the result. But con-
nected with this was the overcunnmg idea that, by
proving slavery to be a great" economic error,
the other Powers of the earth would abolish sla-
\-cry everywhere, and Great Britain be thus en-
abled to retrieve the blunders which she had com-
mitted, and regain the predominance which she
had lost. Hence the emancipation act, which was
consummated in 1838. The first fruits of that
act are strikingly exhibited in the following table
showing the condition of the islands, the exports
in the several years of slavery,apprenticeship,and
freedom:
c-5 ce
-i" <
JC
CP  — 1
£
®
Tb. "co
tn co o
J?? i
o 2? S 1
o° !
i
1 1 f
3  o !
• K 2 I
,    7<  
