1616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9.
impious ignorance bow to the wisdom of God's
decrees?
Mr. President, wo have seen what this spirit
has accomplished £>r England; what it has ac-
complished for the race emancipated. Now let
us see what it would do for the United States if
the anti-slavery party can succeed. Let us re-
gard this matter in relation to the northern States—
the free States as they are called—first in a com-
mercial aspect, and then in its effects on the indus-
trial classes* the honest, hard-working men and
women of the country.
I find from official ctuthority that the exports of
the country in the year 1859, were $278,392,082.
Of these, the
Free' States furnished exclusively $5,281,091
Free and slave Slates together  84.417,493
Slave States exclusively    278^392,080
It is stated that one third of that eighty-four
million justly belongs and should be credited to
slave labor, or to the slave States, as they are
called. Thus the value of the exports for the
year 1859, from the slaveholding States, would be
over two hundred million dollars.
The commercial and navigating interest of the
country, which is almost entirely at the North,
feeds, lives, and fattens on these exports. To
what extent these branches of industry arc in-
volved, would be a question of interest to those
who are concerned. But, sir, in times past—in
1788—there were some wise men in New England,
as there are some now. They understood this
business; and I will ask to reau from the debates
of the Massachusetts convention, showing to what
extent they regarded theirinterest involved in the
carrying of the southern pioductions". I will ask
my friend to read for me from Elliot's Debates,
volume 2.
Mr. WIGFALL read, as follows:
But it is not only our coasting trade—our whole commerce
is going to rum. Congress lias not had power to make even
a trade law, which shall confine the importation ot foreign
goods to the ships of the pioducmg or consuming countiy.
If we hail &uch a law, we should not cro to England for the
goods of other nations; nor would iintish vessels be the
caniersof American produce liom our sifter States. In
t^io States southward of the Delaware, it it# agreed that three
fourths of the produce aie exported, and three fourths of
the returns are made, in British vessels. It issaid that for
exporting timber, one half the propeity goes to the eari ier;
and of the produce in general, it has been computed that,
when It is shipped for London from a southern tftatc to the
value of §1,000,000, the British merchant draws from that
sum $300,000 under the names of freight and charges. This
Is money which belongs to the New Etfgland Stifles, be-
cause we can furnish the ship^as well as and much better
than the Jlrit^h."—Extract jrom the speech of Mt. Dau-cs,
in the Massachusetts convention, Elliott's Debates on the Fed-
eral Constitution, vol. 2, p. 58.
Mr. CHESNUT. Also a short extract from
the speech of Mr. Philips, a member from Boston:
"Butweseo the situation we are in. We are verging
towards destruction, and every one must be sensible of it.
X suppose the New England States have a ueaMm; offered
to tliem better thau the mines o( Pom ; and it cannot be to
the disadvantage of the southern States. Great Britain and
France come heie with their vessels, instead of our carry-
ing our produce to those countries m Amencan voxels,
negated by our citizens. When 1 consider the extensive
sea coast there is to this State alone, so well calculated for
cotnmeice, viewing matter in thw light, I would lather
sink all this continent owes me, than this power should be
Withheld from Congress."—Ibid., p. 67.
There was a Mr. Russell in that convention,
who seemed to have a very lively conception of
the benefits of this trade. After snowing that the
carrying trade would increase the navigation in-
terests of New England, furnish a nursery of sea-
men, give employment to the people, &c.,
"These (he said) were some of the blessings he antici-
pated from the adoption of the Federal Constitution ; and
so convinced was he of it* utility and necessity, that while
he wished that, -on the grand question being put, there
might not be one dissenting voice, if he was allowed, he
would hold up both hands in favor of it; and lie concluded,
if his left hand was unwilling to be extended with his light,
in this all-unpoitant decision, he would cut it off as un-
worthy of him, and lest it should infect his whole bodv.v
—Ibid., pp. 139, 140.
If you take the estimate furnished by Mr.
Dawes, of one third, you would have as the profit
of freights some sixty-six million dollars annu-
ally; but this is too large, for the North would
not get it all. I have a closer and more correct
estimate, which shows that the freight for the ex-
portation of the produce of slave labor by the
ships of the North amounts to $36,000,000 annu-
ally, If you add the $150,000,000 in value which
the northern States sell in manufactured articles
to the South, or if you include the West, with
another $50,000,000, you have $200,000,000 that
the northern States sell annually to the South, the
slave States, which slave labor enables them to
buy. Add, also, the profits of the coasting trade,
which are very great, and of which the North has
a monopoly, and then superadd the bonus of
$50,000,000 annually -which is derived from the
imposition of tariffs upon us,,which enhances the
price of their manufactures to that amount, and
you may have some conception of the importance
of slavery and of the South to the people of the
North.
Destroy these resources, and what becomes of
the shipping, manufacturing, mercantile parts of
your States, and of the vastintcrestsdependent on
them ? One cannot fail to see at a glance. Now let
us regard its effects on the industrial classcs, indi-
vidually, the honest hard-working men and women
of the country. There are three articles of trop-
ical production, chiefly of slave labor, which touch
very closely the necessities and comforts of the
laboring people of this country; and those are
sugar, coifee, and cotton. The sugar consumed
in the United States for the fiscal year 1858-59,
was—
Of cane, by slave labor  950,697,803 lbs.
" by free labor  42,153,017 "
Domestic maple, and from Pa-
cific, (free)  79,520,000 "
1,072,370,880 "
Strike off slave-grown sugar.. 950,697,863 "
And there will be left  121,683,017 "
to supply the wants of the country, and would
be about one tenth of the necessary quantity.
Nearly two thirds of this would be maple sugar.
But if we regard the cane sugar alone—which is
that chiefly lit for general use—and strike out that
produced by slave labor, you will have about one
twenty-fifth the quantity left in the country to
supply its demand.
What effect that would have upon the enhanced
price of this article, which has become such a ne-
cessity, as well as a luxury to the people, and how
far it would be put out of the reach of the poor and
laboring man, one may well imagine. Wc may
form some idea, however, by referring to the con-
dition of England in 1840. "I quote from Porter's
Progress of the Nation, page 547:
" The cost to the people of this country [England] of the
differential duty on *ugar, imposed lor the benefit of the
English cugar colonies, had become extremely burdensome.
The cost, exclusive of duty, of three million t-even hundred
and M.\ty-foui thousand *evcn bundled and ten hundred
weight retained foi consumption in 1840, was £9,156,872, if
calculated at the Gazette aveiage pi ices. The co>t of a like
quantity of Brazil or Havana sugar, of equal quality, would
have been £4,111,181; and, consequently, we paid in one
year £5,015,691 (over twenty live million dollars) more
than the price which the inhabitants of other countries in
Ruiopu would have paid for an equal quantity of bugar. This,
however, is an extreme view of the case, if our markets
had becu open at one rate of duty to the sugar of all coun-
tries, the pi ice of foreign sugar would have been somewhat
laiacd, while that from the British possessions would have
been lowered ; but it may be confidently said that, even in
that case, the saving would have been more than four mill-
ions of money."
Thus, on a diminution of about one eighth of the
supply, the cost was more than double. What
the cost or increase of price would be with only
one twenty-fifth of the supply in the country, 1
leave Senators to imagine.
The article of coffee furnishes a condition of
things not less striking.
The amount produced in the world, in the year
1859, was—
From slave labor 422,000,000 lbs.
From free labor 320,000,000
Total 742,000,000 "
Amount of coffee consumed in the United States,
in 1859, 223,882,850 lbs.; say, one third less than
the whole production of free labor. Strike out the
production of slave labor, and you leave a little
more than enough to supply one single country.
What would be the price of coffee, occasioned by
a diminished supply of more than one half? Sen-
ators may well imagine, from what I have said in
relation to the condition of affairs in England, in
1840, touching the cost of sugar. Those two ar-
ticles may then be considered as beyond the reach
of the every-day and hard laborer, when you
abandon the products of slave labor.
In relation to cotton, it is still more striking.
The amount produced in* the world in 1858-59,
not including local consumption, except in the
United States, was, by slave labor:
Bales.
United States 3,851,481
Brazil  125,000
By free labor:
East Indies...
Egypt .....
West Indies.,
3,976,481
510,000
101,000
7,000
Total.,
618,000
4,614,481
Consumption for same period:
United States, north of Virginia 760,218
Elsewhere in United States 167,433
927,651
The remainder is consumed in other parts of
the world.
Strike off that produced by slave labor, and the
supply will not be sufficient even for the northern
market.
Then strike out this article of cotton, with which
shivering humanity is enabled to clothe itself
abundantly with decency and cheapness, and
cease to consume the seven hundred and fifty
thousand bales in your factories in the North, and
thereby destroy the investments for that purpose,
by which you are enabled to make profits and pay
wages to the thousands dependent on them, and
what becomes of the power, the prosperity, the
respectability of your States? Your commerce
gone, your ships decayed, your industry para-
lyzed, your people unemployed, or, if employed
at all, pressed to the maximum of labor with the
minimum of wages, and thus deprived of thejeasy
means of procuring the necessities and comforts
of life: cursed by fanaticism, anarchy and deso-
lation comes upon you; ruin, grimruin, glares
over your unhappy land—and why ? 'Why do the
anti-slavery party pursue a course so remorseless
and destructive? Is it because slavery is a sin?
Sir, it docs notconccrn them underthe provisions
of our Constitution; they have naught to do with
it; their intermeddling is self-iighteous and insuf-
ferable; but if it bo a sin, it concerns us much.
I meet them upon the highest ground. Why is
it a sin ? Do you say it is against the law of na-
ture, which is the will of God? How do you get at
the will of God in this particular? Do you go to
His revealed word ? -Then I say to you, search the
Scriptures, for they were written for your instruc-
tion, and if you pursue your inquiries in a spirit of
truth, I have 110 doubt that your philosophy will be
mended, and that your country and the world will
be greatly benefited by your conversion. Con-
sider the theocracy of the Jews, and the institu-
tion of slavery under it. But do you take refuge
in the new dispensation? I say to you again,
search the Scriptures, and among the other num-
berless good things that you there will find I
commend to your consideration the case of Ones-
imus, in the hands of'the Apostle Paul. But if
you go outside of the revealed word and say you
look for it in the laws of nature, then I know of
but one mode in moral questions by which you
can arrive at it. God wills the happiness of man-
kind. Any human institution or human action
which destroys the happiness of mankind is
against the will of God. Any human institution
or human action which promotes the happiness of
mankind is in accordance with His will and re-
ceivesinssanction. Thus the question is narrowed
between us. Does the institution of slavery in
these States destroy the happiness of mankind ?
Your cities rest on it; it builds your factories; it
freights your.ships; it whitens every sea with the
sails of your commerce—employs the idle, feeds
the hungry, clothes the naked. Commerce, civil-
ization, and Christianity, go hand in hand, and
their conjoint efforts receive their chief earthly im-
pulse from this reviled institution.
But you say, " I leave out of the consideration
the happiness of the race enslaved." By no means.
It is an important element of the moral argument
I point you to Hayti; I point you to Jamaica; I
