1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
dons which only excitc the amusement of the
people in Massachusetts.
But, sir, this is not the first time this idea has
been thrown out during these debates, that the
Democracy of the North will take care of us if
such a contcst should arise. I should like to
know whether the Democratic Senators and Rep-
resentativesfrom the JNorth will rise in their places
here, and say that, in the event of the election in
November next to the Presidency of the Senator
from New Yorlc, [Mr. Seward,] or the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] or any other of
the Senators about me, or any of the public men
who are the accepted leaders of the Republican
party, the administration will not be permitted to
come into power, and the Union be dissolved ? I
want to know if those Senators are ready to pledge
the support of the northern Democrats to that
policy ?. If so, I should like to have them put the
assurance upon the records of the Senate. Do
the Democratic Senators from the North intend
to aid those who are now menacing the Union?
Our conviction is deep and profound that slavery
is a mere local State institution; that it exists by
the forcc of State law, for which the people of the
States concerned are alone responsible. We arc
opposed to slavery; but the sentiment approaches
unanimity among us, that it is a local State in-
stitution, that the Federal Government has no
right to interfere with it, and we do not propose
to do it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question here? I should like to in-
quire if slavery is a mere local institution gov-
erned by State law alone, vithethor it is not a fac^
that there once existed slavery in Massachusetts,
and if so, by what law it was established?
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell the Senator by
what law it was established. 1 understand they
have no laws in the slave States to establish it.
The Senator from Virginia, I think, made that
admission here once. lie said they could not find
any, but they have laws to protect slavery; they
have laws to guard slavery. We had slavery
in Massachusetts, but slavery was abolished by
the constitution of Massachusetts when it was
adopted, by its general principles of liberty.
Mr. BENJAMIN, if the Senator will permit
me, the question I was aiming at was this: I be-
lieve it is a matter of acknowledged recorded his-
tory that the first settlors, the Pilgrim fathers,
who established New England, subjugated the
Indians and made slaves of them; thai there were
Indian slaves bought and sold in New England
in the beginning of the settlement of the New Eng-
land colonics. I want to know how that state of
slavery was broughtabout? I ^antto understand
whether any New England State ever passed a
law to establish slavery, and if not, how slavery
got into those colonics?
Mr. WILSON. I suppose it went there as it
has gone into many countries, by the strong arm
of power hud upon the weak. It certainly did
not exist in Massachusetts by the common law.
It existed by the action of the people and by such
legislation as they chose to adopt; and when they
made the Constitution of the United States the
people of those States that hold slavery, held it
under their own laws, their own legislation, their
own customs.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What I wish to point the
attention of the Senator to is simply this: He says
slavery originated and existed in the New Eng-
land States by reason of the common conscntof
the people, by reason of the usages of the people,
without any statute law upon the subject. They
cxercised the power without any statute law au-
thorizing the existence of slavery. Now I want
to know in what that differs from the common
law, or what the common law is except such' law
as arises from the customs and usages of the
people independently of written statute regula-
tions? I
Mr. WILSON Mr. President, I need not in- |
form the Senator from Louisiana that I am not a I
lawyer; but I read the declarations of the great i
Jurists of England, that slavery does not exist by
the common law. The first cargo of slaves brought
into Massachusetts was sent back to Africa by
the Legislature, at the expense of the colony. Sir,
your Supreme Court, in the Pri^g case, decided
that slavery was a mere municipal regulation,
founded upon, and limited to, the verge of the ter-
ritorial law. That is enough for me. The Su-
preme Court decided that slavery was a municipal
regulation, limited to the verge of territorial law.
I stand upon that decision.
Mr. FlTCH. I understood the Senator from
Massachusetts to put an interrogatory to the Rep-
resentatives of the nortiiem Democracy on this
floor. Without assuming to say what the north-
western portion of the party will do, I think I can
tell the Senator what they will not do. In the
event of the policy now advocated by the Senator
becoming the dominant policy of the Govern-
ment, and thereby driving off the southern por-
tion of the Confederacy, the Northwest will not
remain attached to New England. Northwestern
Democrats are not now disunionists, and they
hope the day is fir distant when disunion will be
the remedy for any domestic difficulty; but they
can readily be made disunionists by the policy
and acts of the Republican party; for if that policy
prevails, and the acts arising from it continue
until the present Confederacy is thereby dissolved,
we of the Northwest shall become disunionists,
so far as our political connection with New Eng-
land is conccrned. There would soon, from be-
ing a northern confederacy, be an eastern and a
western one of the North. We have no sym-
pathy or affiliation with the political Republican-
ism of New England—the source and origin, as
we believe, of all our present domestic troubles.
When that Republicanism ends in what must be
the only result of its success—disunion—we, of
the Northwest, will soon relieve our social circles
from the pollution, and our political communities
from the poison of its mad fanaticism, its frcc-
lovc, Maine lawism, and negro equality.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator has undertaken
to answer a question, and he has not done it. I
put the question now to the Senator: if Mr. Sew-
ard, Mr. Chase, Mr. Bates, Mr. Banks, or any
other man in the country who is spoken of, or
j that may be selected by the Republican party, is
! elected r resident of the United States, I ask that
I Senator if he will sustain the men who are now
! threatening to dissolve the Union; if he will join
m resisting the inauguration of such a President?
Mr. FITCH. Does the Senator expect an an-
swer now?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FITCH. The question, Mr. President,
has been already answered. In that event, wc of
the section from which the candidate would be
selected, although we should oppose to the utmost
of our ability his election, would not deem the
fact of his election a cause for a dissolution of the
Union, but the pernicious doctrines of his party
might well be taken exception to by the South;
and if that section should deem his election and
the principles of his pnrty, which he would be
bound to carry out, sufficient cause for dissolution,
the Northwest would not long be found, after
dissolution, acting with those whom we should
know to have been its cause—the New England
States under Republican rule.
Mr. WILSON. Then it amounts to this: that
if these gentlemen who arc threatening to dissolve
the Umon go out of the Union, the Senator is not
ready to go with them. ["Yes, he is.'5] He does
not deem that sufficient cause; but if tln-y do go
out, then he is ready to dissolve the Union him-
self.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator need not misrep-
resent me.
Mr. WILSON. I do not intend to do so, sir.
Mr. FITCH. I say when his party by their
policy and their acts have forced upon the South
a dissolution of the Confederacy, we, of the West,
will not remain parts of the northern confederacy,
associated with New England; but in the North
there will soon be an eastern and a western union.
Our social and commercial relations in the great
valley of the Mississippi and its tributaries, are
more naturally with the South, aside from its
peculiar institution, than they are with you of
New England; and our political affiliation is much
stronger with the citizens of the South, who strive
to maintain the Constitution, than with you who
disregard and are seeking to violate it.
Mr. WILSON. I believe I understand the Sen-
ator now, and I think the Senate and the country
will understand him; but, as that Senator has
chosen to enter the lists and make a response, and
make a charge of fanaticism against us, I want to
ask the Senator if he did not get elected to the
Hon.se of Representatives by writing a letter to
Abolitionists in his district, pledging himself to
vote for the repeal of-the fugitive slave law ? Did
not the Senator from Indiana, ten years ago, pledge
the anti-slavery men of his district that he would
not only vote for, but that he would introduce bills,
for the unconditional repeal of slavery in this Dis-
trict; for the abolition of the inter-State slave trade,
and for the application of the Wilmot proviso to
the Territories of California and New Mexico?
Mr. FITCH. The Senator is seeking, in Ms
colloquy with me, as in that-of yesterday "with
the Senator from Mississippi, to divert attention
from himself by an old ana oft-practiced and well-
understood dodge; a dodge which, if not taught
him by him wo yesterday learned was his politi-
cal tutor, (Garrison,) is practiced by the Senator
and his party; a dodge similar to that resorted to
by him who, when found appropriating illegally
his neighbor's property to his own use, seeKs to
cscape arrest by raising the cry of " Stop, thief!"
But, sir, he cannot divert my attention or that of
the Senate from the immediate issue before us by-
asking what my past record has been. When I.
was as verdant a statesman as he now is, I enter-
tained one sentiment somewhat similar to one he
holds—a sentiment derived from nativity and the
wishes and prejudices imbibed almost from the
political atmosphere in which that nativity placed
me; but, sir, with years, I trust I have learned
some wisdom; learned, at least, to see the Consti-
tution as it is, instead of seeing it as prejudice
would make it. I will not pollute lips and soul
by swearing to maintain the Constitution, and
when called upon to fulfill the oath by acts or votes,
seek to justify its evasion by special pleading.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Indiana
is satisfied with the answer he has given, I cer-
tainly am; but I would suggest to that Senator
one thing: as he admits that he entertained senti-
ments by his early training and the local influ-
ences of his birth-place, similar to those enter-
tained by myself and the gentlemen on this side
of the Chamber, I thmk it would become him to
be a little charitablc to those who cling to their
early teachings, and not, when he has repudiated
the faith of his fathers, hold those who cling to
that faith as men who preach dangerous heresies.
The Senator grew to manhood in the faith of the
Republican fathers. He has lost his faith. He
follows now lights; worships strange gods. He
should learn a little charity.
Mr. FITCH. A word more. I may as well
say to that Senator and the Senate now, that the
sentiment t then entertained, and to which he lias
chosen to refer, was entertained by a large ma-
jority of the Democrats of the North at that par-
ticular period. And why? Wchadjustemcrged
from a presidential election—an election prior to
and during which we advocated the doctrine of
congressional non-intervention with slavery. We
were defeated. We'considercd the defeat a deci-
sion by the majority adverse to the doctrine of non-
intervention, and equivalent to a determination
that Congress should intervene. We said, since
such is the determination of the majority—and
many of that majority were of the South—it only
remains to deride what the character of the inter-
vention shall be, for or against the North. Our
action, of course, looked to intervention in favor
of one section^ The result of the struggle in the
next Congress (1850) is well known. But, sir,
a short service in the other end of the Capitol con-
vinced me that no such determination was meant
by that election; and when asked to be a candi-
date for it-election, I consented, with the under-
standing that the platform would be, as it was,
widely deferent from that of the previous conven-
tion. It committed me to no principle like that
to which the Senator alludes—violative, as I had
become convinced, of the Constitution. The Sen-
ator says I should exercise some charity towards
those who entertain the same sentiments I then
did. So I would, if they were, unlike the Sena-
tor, new members on this floor. If they had but
recently come from some social or political com-
munity where that sentiment prevailed, and had
not yet, by an enlarged observation, and by a
clear study of the Constitution and its exposi-
tions learned its true meaning, instead of that
which prejudice would attach to it, I should
have some charity for them; but when I see one
who, like that Senator, has served here for years,
convicted, day after day, of direct or indirect vio-
lations of the Constitution; convicted, day after
