598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
day, of the utterance of sentiments conflicting
alike with laws and with the Constitution, I know
of no charity broad enough to covcr such persist-
ence in wrong.
Mr. "WILSON. Mr. President, what does the
Senator mean when he says I am convicted daily
of violating the Constitution ? I should like an
explanation on that point. That is a pretty free
declaration to make on this floor.
Mr. FITCH. I need only refer to the Senator's
past record, need only refer to the sentiments he
has expressed, and which I take it for granted he
would carry out if he had the power to do so; all
of them, in my estimation, directly and palpably
violative of that instrument which he swore to
maintain when he took his seat here. If he differs
from me in opinion relative to their being a viola-
tion of that instrument, the difference is his fault
or misfortune* Whichever it be, his mind is so
warped as to make it convenient for him to forget
or disregard his constitutional obligations. We
may, perhaps, look at the Constitution in different
lights. He may fancy that he is sustaining it;
but if he does, he puts that construction on it, and
that alone, which will best subserve his own selfish
and sectional purpose, regardless of any violation
of its letter or its spirit.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator certainly is not
very clear or very definite. I do not think lie an-
swers the question. What position do I occupy?
I have shown this, and the history of the country
proves it, that the sentiments we entertain were
held by the men who made this Government. The
Senator from Indiana entertained these sentiments
ten years ago. He says that, at that time, the peo-
ple of his part of the country, of all parties, gene-
rally entertained the opinions we hold now. Sir, it
is true that seventy years ago the whole country,
with few exceptions, held these opinions. The
South has changed its opinions; and the Demo-
cratic party has changed, and because we have not
changed,and will not. follow these new lights,but
stand by the doctrines of tile fathers, we are de-
nounced as enemies to the country; and if we fol-
low out our convictions, it is tlueatened that a
dissolution of the Union will follow; and the Sen-
ator gets up here and throws out the idea that if
these gentlemen do go out of the Union he will
go out too. He and the people of the West will
not remain with New England.
Mr. FITCH. I desire the Senator to put my
position precisely as I stated it. He first repre- '
sented me as saying that if the South, because of
encroachments on them, chose to dissolve the
Union, we would directly or indirectly aid it in so
doing. The Senator well knows, as every Sen-
ator within the sound of my voice does, that I did
not say anything which could justify such an in-
ference; but on the contrary, what 1 said was,
that when, by the acts of his party, the South
were forced out of the Confederacy, leaving us of
the North in a northern confederacy—a remnant
of the existing one—we would make that remnant
still less by severing our political connection with
New England. Now, sir, furthermore, the Sen-
ator thought I did not answer definitely his ques-
tion as to wherein he had violated the Constitu-
tion. Without stopping to point to any specific
violative act he has committed, 1 can call the Sen-
ator's attention to an act of the kind he readily
would commit. Would he execute, or rather if
in his power, would he not pre\cnt the execution
of the fugitive slave law? Does he deem the
present laws of Massachusetts for annulling that
law constitutional ?
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Indiann
charges me with repeatedly violating the Consti-
tution, of being convicted of it here daily. When
called upon to specify he does not specify, but
puts a supposition. I have no answer to make
to his question. The asking of this question is
an admission that his charge is wholly unfounded.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator permit me to
a>"k him a question in this connection?
Air. WfLSON. I would rnther close the few
words I have to say. The Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] made an allusion to my
State, and charged us with having a large number
of criminals, i will simply say that in my State
we punish offenses against the laws. One third
of our population cannot be lashed or sold as pun-
ishment. for offenses. It is an offense in Massa-
chusetts to strike a man or woman. If every
b'ow struck in the Senator's State, and in the
South, upon men and women, was punished as an
offense agamstthelaws, the hstof criminals would
be somewhat increased. The Senator from North
Carolina accuses us of glorying in the history of
Massachusetts, and he seems to complain that
she has historians who feavc recorded her deeds.
True, Massachusetts has produced historians
who have illustrated her acts, but her Sparks,
Prescott, Bancroft, Motley, Hildreth, and Pal-
frey, acknowledged to be the historians of Amer-
ica, have not failed to blazon the deeds of other
States, countries, and times.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. BROWN. It is after four o'clpck, and if
my colleague will give way, I will move an ad-
journment.
Mr. DAVIS. I will be governed by the pleasure
of the Senate, though I always dislike to speak m
cold blood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Docs the Chair understand the Sen-
ator to yield for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senate wish to adjourn,
of course I do not resist it. If they do not, I would
rather go on. [" Go on."]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will move an adjourn-
ment, if the Senator will allow me.
Mr. DAVIS. I feel unwilling to detain the
Senate, if they wish to go away.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move an adjournment.
Mr. SLIDELL. Before the adjournment, I
would like to have a short executive session.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senate is disposed to stay,
I would like to go on now.
Mr. CLAY. 1 understand the Senator from
Mississippi does not, propose to occupy the time
of the Senate Ions;, and I hope he will be permit-
ted to go on. [" Very well."]
Mr. DAVIS. I will endeavor to be brief The
Senator from Massachusetts, who has just closed
his remarks, has announced that he was replying
to those which I made yesterday; and therefore
I shall endeavor, as far as possible, to avoid re-
peating anything which I then said. In the course
of his remarks, he took kind notice of myself,
and assured me of the kind regard he had man-
ifested for me in other places; for which I return
him my thanks, not only for the favorable ex-
pression of opinions in lelation to myself, but
also, and much more, because I believe that opin-
ion must have rested mainly on his kind feeling.
And in this connection it. is but proper I should
say that if yesterday there was anything in my
language or my manner which seemed to be per-
sonally reflecting on that Senator, it was not so
designed. I am aware that I am very apt to be
earnest, perhaps some would say excited, when
I am speaking; and it is due to myself that I
should say now, once for all, that I do not intend
ever to offer discourtesy to any gentleman, un-
less I manifest it in such a manner as renders it
wholly unmistakable. By no indirection, by no
equivocal expression, do I ever seek to injure the
feelings of any one.
The Senator, in the course of his remarks to-
day, says he has found a premonition of a retreat
from the position which has been avowed by south-
ern men here, in relation to the course which they
would pursue in the event of a President being
elected pledged to and avowing hostility to the
section and its interests to which we belong. For
myself, I have only to say, that the premonition
was not given by me, for I was a little stronger
yesterday than I had ever been before. I wish
here, also, to say, that it is no passion, or preju-
dice, or lust ofpower, so far as I knowthe feelings
that exist among southern men, but a thorough
conviction that their self-respect, their safety, their
loyalty to the Constitution, their allegiance to the
lights to which they were born, require them to
take that last and regretful step whenever they are |
reduced to that, alternative. I thought, after what
I said yesterday, that it wnx hardly possible, the
Senator could again put me in the position of one
who avowed the disposition or the determination
to break up the Union, because some man belong-
ing to a particular organization should be elected
President. Sir, it is because we will not consent
to be subject, it is because we will not allow any
man to administer this Government, if we can pre-
vent it, who assumes the reins for the purpose of
destroying the Constitution and trampling upon
the rights of the States we represent 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question, in order to make this
matter definite ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not exactly under-
stand the Senator. Are we to understand him,
(as certainly has been avowed by members of the
other House, if not by members of this body, to
be their position,) that he would consider the elec-
tion of a Republican Presidentby thepeople, upon
the Republican platform, as it stands, a sufficient
avowal of a determination to infringe on southern
rights, to authorize a dissolution of the Union?
Mr. DAVIS. If I had read the platform re-
cently, I should be better prepared to answer. I
do not recollect what is in your platform with that
distinctness to enable me to answer with any cer-
tainty . Tf the Senator had stopped before he men-
tioned that, he would have left his question in a
position which would have given me entire power
to answer it; for, as far as 1 have conviction and
information, I have nothing to conceal; and if he
who now sits presiding over this Senate [Mr. Foot
occupying the chair] were elected President of the
United States, I should deem it no ground for a dis-
solution of the Union. So far as I understand his
opinions—respecting him as a gentleman and a
conservative man—believing that he would not
•take an oath to which he would not adhere, I
should say there was no ground to break up the
Government in that event.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, if I understand
the Senator, the matter depends on the individual
entirely.
Mr. DAVIS. It depends on the opinions of
-the individual and of* those who elcct him, who
put him in position, declaring a purpose to which,
by accepting the nomination, he pledges himself.
Now, in that connection, 1 should say that my
respect for the gentleman to whom I particularly
referred, because of the seat he now happens to
occupy, will not allow me to believe that he would
accept a nomination which imposed upon him the
condition, while swearing to support the Consti-
tution and sitting in the chair of the Executive,
to invade the rights of the southern States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me. I do not exactly understand him now. He
replies that his cause consists of the opinions of
the individual, and of those who elect him.
Mr. DAVIS. Conjointly. Opinions expressed
at the time of the nomination, and of which he is
therefore made aware.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it depends on the
platform 
Mr. DAVIS. Jointly, J say again 
Mr. FESSENDEN. With his own individual
opinions.
Mr. DAVIS. If the individual accepts a nom-
ination on a platform whieh puts him in the alti-
tude of hostility to us, T would consider him not
fit to be trusted, and would not be willing to sub-
mit to him,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand the Senator
further to say that he is not sufficiently familiar
with the Republican platform of 1856 to say now
whether that is a sufficient declaration to author-
ize him to say that in that contingency 
Mr. DAVIS. I have not read it lately, and I
do not know, indeed, that I have ever read it. Of
course, therefore, I could not express an opinion
on all that is in that platform.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I will soy further to the Senator,
that u is part of my habit to forget, as soon os I
can, disagreeable things; and if"I ever read the
platform of a party assembled for such an odious
purpose as I believe that one hod, I endeavored
to dismiss it from my mind as soon as I had read
it. \ do not treasure disagreeable things. I am
not like those who cull and gather and stick into
little scrap books passages and sentences in order
that some day or other they may be woven to-
gether and presented to the Senate, and sent forth
to their constituents to excite a sentiment of hos-
tility, of which we have too much. Whenever,
however, the Senator from Maine desires my
opinion of his platform, and will submit it to me,
I will read it, and give him my opinion as decid-
edly as he can desire it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is before the country;
the Senator can find it.
Mr. DAVIS. If it is as bad as I expect it is,
I have an idea that that party will either never at-
tempt to readopt it, or that it will be readopted by
