1618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
ism of mere numbers. Beneath the incubus of
such a monster civil liberty would die in a day.
The theory which holds that the dogmas of the
Declaration of Independence are the principles
and powers of the Government, and the theory
which consolidates the Government, which holds
that wc are united socially as one people, and
therefore may rightfully intermeddle with each
others' concerns, and by construction would per-
mit majorities to extend the action of the Govern-
ment beyond the limits,defined by the Constitu-
tion, leave the amplest scope for the violent clash-
ing of all those adverse opinions pertaining solely
to the social system and domestic affairs of the
several States—the shock of which now shakes
the Confederacy from center to circumference;
whereas the true view would confine all conflicts
to political questions arising under the Constitu-
tion, and legitimately within the sphere of the
common Government.
If the people of New England and Ohio and other
States could butundcrstand the true relations of the
States to each other, and of the Federal Govern-
ment to the States; that outside of the purposes
of the Government, and beyond the powers ex-
pressly enumerated in the Constitution, they are,
in fact, as foreign to each other as are Groat Britain
and France; and would demean themselves in ac-
cordance with the logical results of such a belief,
peace might be restored, and our system of govern-
ments, like the great system above, move harmoni-
ously on, yielding daily light and life and happi-
ness for generations to come. Butthismaynotbe.
The idea that there exists an " irrepressible con-
flict " between the two systems of laborpro vailing
in the States, is f?meifnl and superfiei.il No sycli
confhctexists. On the contrary, the two systems
mutually aid each other. There is, however, a
conflict—a conflict of ideas irreconcilable. The
opinions of those who give life and energy (o (he
anti-slavery party touching government, society,
the relations of man to both" and to each other,
are radical and revolutionary. If these pievail,
there can be no peace, North or South; for they
are. bred in confusion, and wilLjlevefop anarchy.
These gentlemen seem to believe that Government
may be improvised—that it is a sort of machinery
which is invented, can be patented, and may be,
made in the same mould to suit the customers of
every clime, whether of Asia, Africa, Europe, or
Amcrica. They argue as if society was the arti-
ficial, and not the natural, state of man. Hence,
they sneak of his natural rights as matters outside
of, and in antagonism to, the claims of society, and
of which society deprives him.
According to this theory, his relation to soci-
ety and government is naturally one of war.
Thus they would lav- the foundations of govern-
ment in anarchy. This fatal error arises, too,
out of the untenable postulate that till men, under
all governments, are naturally and equally enti-
tled to liberty, without reference to the well-being
of society or to their own Jituess to enjoy and
preserve it. Thus, in the face of history, m the
face of nature, and in contravention to the every
day experience of the world, they hold c< that all
men are created equal; that they are endowed
by their Creator with certain inalienable rights,
among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness." Let us examine this with impartial
minds. Let us see whether these rights are ori-
ginal, absolute, and unlimited, or qualified, rela-
tive, and subordinate. That all men are not cre-
ated equal, especially the nej;ro,as compared with
the while man, I think our opponents- begin to
see, and are partially inclined to admit. I draw
this inference from certain passages in the speeches
of the Senator from Illinois | Mr. Titr.M8ri.Lj and
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Shwaud. |
First, the Senator from Illinois holds tins lan-
guage in a speech which he delivered here early
in the session; he confesses the inequality of the
races, in my judgment:
" I know that there is a diMinetion between these two
races, because the Almighty luinnolt' ha-: maiked it on their
vejy i'aee*, and, in my judgment, man cannot, by legislation
or otherwise, produce perfect equality between these
races."
The inference I draw from thatis, that the Sen-
ator from Illinois begins to see, and is inclined to
admit, that the African is not the equal of the
white man. I also quote from the Senator from
New York a passage, which I think points to the
game conclusion. He says:
" Suppose we had the power to change vour social sys-
tem : what warrant have you for supposing that we should
carry negro equality among you? We know, and would
show you, if you will only give heed, that the equality
which our system of labor works out is the equality of the
white man."
In the South the equality of the white man is
already established. It is not the equality of the
negro that the system works out. I infer from
that, the Senator from New York begins to see the
inequality of the races, and is inclined to admit
it. I therefore pass over that subject; take it for
granted that mankind will hold the idea that all
races arc not equal, because the fact stares them
in the face. Wc have only to make profcrt. Bring
oneof each into court, and who acknowledges the
equality ? No one.
That all men are endowed with life is unques-
tionable; but whether it may not be rightfully
taken away, without the consent of its possessor,
is another question. This goes to the root of so-
ciety. Its well-being, its preservation, upon which
the existence and development of the human race
depend, often require that it should be done.
Hence wc see that, in every age, in all countries,
and under every form of government, it has been
done. Thus we have the testimony of all ages
and all mankind that even this prccious boon may
become rightfully aliened or taken away, and is
made subservient to the safety and well-being of
society.
When gentlemen affirm this inalienable right to
liberty, what do they mean? Do they predicate
this right of man in a condition of absolute soli-
tude, and disconnected from human society and
government? If they do this, we can have no
aigunieut with them, for they speak of a condi-
tion in which man has never been found in his-
tory, and in which he cannot exist. Their ar-
gument, therefore, must be inconsequential and
futile. But if they ailirm this as a natural right
111 a political condition, and thus speak of civil
liberty, the assumption is no less absurd. The
idea of civil liberty is complex. It embraces not
only the liberty of the individual, but also the
civil and political idea. It comprehends grants
and restrictions—the rights and poweis of States,
as well as the lights and immunities of the citi-
zen. In fact, the liberty of the citizen springs out
of, and is wholly dependent on, constitution and
government. To assert, therefore, that liberty
thus derived and thus sustained is an original, in-
dependent endowment, which cannot be aliened
or rightfully taken away, is to assert an ab-
surdity.
We hold to the teaching of lite great Stagyrite,
that as the human race cannot exist, continue, or
develop-wit hout society, nor soeiety without gov-
ernment , therefore the political, including the so-
cial, is the natural condition of man. lie h never
otherwise found. The individual, therefore,must
he subordinate to the social, and go\ernmunt may
rightfully exercise just so much power as, and
no more than, may bo necessary to protect society j
agamst external dangers and internal violence and
injury. And the citizen oui;ht to possess as much
| liberty as he is fit to enjoy, and as may bo cou-
! distent with the well-being of the State.
, 1 will ask leave here to read an extract from Air.
| Calhoun, which, pursuing the idea of Aristotle,
j presents the question so comprehensively, yet so
I succinctly and clearly, that I will adopt it:
i It follow-- I'ioiii all ilu-? that the ouantum of power on
! the part ot the Government, and ot Lbeitv on the p.utof
I individual*-, nete.id ol Ivici cipnl in ;dl e;i nm->t neeer--
I f'uuk iie\"iv unequal among dill'eient people, avoiding
j to their diilcro'it <*enddion->. Pwi.p^t in piopoition as a
j people aie I'inoinia. -mp.d, deba-ed, eoinipt. e\po->eil to
I \ lolem r \\ iiiim and d.mgei iiom without, the po\v  i mve.-
 ai> tor Gove: anient to pew- in <ji tlei to pje^erve ;«oeiely
i again:-1 ainiieltv ;e>d de-fiueUon, become* grcitei and
gteatei .and individual ii'n-i ty le-.s and le* s, until the lowe-t
I condition i-, icaehed—when ah-oluto and d< «-poiie powor
i become-- ncee^an on the part ot the Government, aufl Hi-
de. idual lihertj extinct. on the contiai.\. ju-t as a p
' pie i i-i- in the M-.de ol intelligence, viitue, and p iti iote*m.
' and the more peifeetlv the> become acquainted with the
i natuie of Government, the end ? tor winch it u a i ordered,
j and how it ou^ht to be admim-uned, and the it's?, the tend-
! oney to violent e.mdde older with maud dan ?oi fmmabioad,
the powei neee^ary lor Government bocomtv Ie^s anilles*,
and individual liberty gieater and gieater. instead, then,
of all men having tin sinio j ight to hboit\ and equality, a.-
is elanned by iho- c who hold that they ,u<> all horn fieo and
equal, hbeity i  the noble and highest leward bestowed on
mental and moral development, combined with tavoiablc
circumstances. Instead, then, of hbeity and equality being
bom with men. instead of all men and all elates and de-
senptions being equally entitled to them, they me high
prizes to be won, and arc in their mo*t perfect state not
only the highest reward that can be bestowed on our race,
but the must difficult to be won, and when won, the most
difficult to be preserved."
Mr. CHESNUT. Here, Mr. President, is a
theory of government comprehensive and just;
the only theory upon which any free Government
can permanently maintain liberty. It is the basis
of that system of freedom which prevails in these
States. It is the same policy which makes Eng-
land a great and free country; it is the system on
which the British constitution rests, and no other
system can ever be permanent, exist where it will.
But, again: when gentlemen affirm a right to
the pursuit of happiness as an original endow-
ment, which cannot be alienated or rightfully
taken away, whsft do they mean ? Do they mean
to assert that every man may, at his will, pursue
his notion ofhappinesswithout restraintof human
law, or regard to the well-being of society ? If so,
where will it lead ? Men differ often in their ideas
ofhappiness. The happiness of many, it is true,
consists in pursuit of noble, useful, and innocent
employments. Such have a right to pursue them.
But the happiness of some men consists in turbu-
lence and brutality; some in carnage; others love
theft; some rejoice in arson, while others seek
happiness in the bold walks of highway plunder;
while some, again, revel in revenge, treason, and
i urder. Ay, pursue your happiness, gentlemen
all, without restraint of human law. You but
exercise a God-given right. Suggestive theory !
Glorious and inciting doctiine for the race of
Browns, with pike, and torch, and flaming hate!
But, gentleman, you do not mean this. You
cannot. You are compelled to take these rights
with our interpretation, and with the limitations
and restraints which the good of society and
human law impose. But if you do this, you are
honestly bound to cease to produce them in proof
and reproof against us.
Mr. President, a notable experiment of these
principles of unqualified "liberty, fraternity, and
equality," has been tried in the world. Wc have
seen constitution and government improvised by
philosophy, but "the constitution would not
walk." Philosophers could not make the men
to live under it. These men required a government
growing out of their necessities and adapted to
their peculiar wants and capacities. So they
trampled on the pearl of philosophy, and soon
turned to rend the philosophers. Thus will it
ever be. The government must grow and be
suited to the people. With these wild ideas the
mon of France, no doubt, thought themselves
very happy for a little while. All barriers, all
nationalities, all restrictions were broken down—
the world was one. Le genre humain was the
only bond, and le genre humain of all races, col-
ors, classes, and costumes, showed themselves
very joyous—almost incontinent—at a feast of
pikes. They were all brothers, lead on by Ana-
cliarsis Clootz. Notable Anacharsis! Glorious
Clootz!—type of man which is to be seen again
in America. Happy men! for they were all free
and equal, and fraternized. But how long did tins
last? A?5am we see them, and this time mixed
with women, m long queues, swinging to and fro
• from the doors of all the baker's shops in the city,
crying "Bread or blood'" Was such cry ever
heard m American city? How ominous!
Liberty and equality cannot always feast on
pikes and fraternity. Henceforth fraternity disap-
pears; but, happy men, they ere stilifree and equal;
free at least to drink each other's blood, and equal
in diabolical atrocity. And isthi? all thathboity,
fiaternity, and equality can accomplish? Have
they, then, no better hope> Where now is the
heaven-born guide and chastenerof man's savage
heart, pure religion? Can not these new-born
pnnciples do soinethingfor that? Yes; do we not
s'v them bring the painted courtesan—symbol of
divine reason—which they parade and hopefully
worship? Ilappy men • Are they not still free
and cqufd ? All, but they have not witnessed the
new type—symbol of the anti-slavery God, em-
blem ot murder and treason—the gallows, now
higher and holier than the cross.
The truth must not be blinked—like causes will
produce like effects. Are not these same ideas of
unqualified liberty, fraternity and equality, com-
munism, agrariariism and infidelity, sown sedu-
lously and thick throughout the "literature and
teachings and preachings of the anti-slavery party
of the North? You may depend upon it, gentle-
