1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1619
men, those sccd« will spring up and bear bitter
fruit for you.
1 cannot erase from my mind the impressions
made by events and the condition of things around
me. I believe that the active, characteristic princi-
ples of the Republican party of this day in Amer-
ica are identical with the Red Republicanism of
France. Here it has changed its complexion. " It
has blacked its face," that is all. If these ideas
of which we have been speaking are pressed into
action—nay, more, if they be not speedily arrested
and made to succumb, civil liberty dies when
they triumph, and our system of governments
end. Then, gentlemen, too late will come your
lamentations—as come they surely will. You
will be held as " false thrcnodists of false liberty
—hollow chanters over the ashes of a dead Re-
public," destroyed by yourselves.
In such an event I will feel some consolation,
arising from the belief that we have done our duty,
and from a deep conviction that the South, under
wise counsel and firm action, can hold these prin-
ciples at bay; that she will weather the storm,
and be able to reconstruct the temple of her safety
on a firm and enduring basis.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I thought, Mr. President,
of saying something about these resolutions at
some time or other. I do not like, though, to
weary the Senate ; and, indeed, I am not anx-
ious about the particular time. I thought of ask-
ing the Senate to allow me to make a short ex-
planation of my views on this subject before the
vote is taken. I do not know what is the wish of
Senators. I am ready to acquiesce in it, what-
ever it be.
Mr. CLAY. I suggest to the Senator from
North Carolina that, as the author of the resolu-
tions is not here—he is detained, as he is prob-
ably advised, by serious indisposition—it would
be better just to let them lie over. They can be
called up at any time. I think he will be here
to-morrow, unless something should occur to pre-
vent it. They may go over without any formal
assignment of them.
Mr. CLINGMAT^. If it is understood that I
do not lose my right to keep the floor by that
course, I have no objection to it.
Mr. CLAY. That will be accorded to you, no
doubt.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would rather know, how-
ever. We shall ascertain to-morrow, though, what
the mover of the resolutions desires.
Mr. CLAY. If any other person be prepared
to go on now, I suggest to the Senator to let lum
do so; or if the Senator himself is prepared, let
him go on now.
Mr. WADE. I barely \yish to say that T am
anxious for a vole on the homestead bill: and to-
uinnow I shall feel it my duty, if no other Sen-
ator moves to take it up, to move to take it up,
and, if I can, t6 keep it before the Senate until we
dispose o
f it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 yield to the suggestion
of the Senator from Alabama. Indeed, 1 prefer,
in what I have to say, that the Senator from. Mis-
sissippi should be here. I think that is all right.
I will consent to that course, if it is agreeable.
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 beg leave to introduce a
bill; and ask that it may b^ printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) The resolutions under con-
sideration must be first disposed of.
Mr. CLAY. I move to lay them on the table
for the present, so that they may be called up a
any time.
The motion was agreed to.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WIGFALL. I ask leave to introduce a
bill, as an amendment to the homestead bill; and
I ask that it be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I have mi amendment which I
int.-nd to oiler to the homewt^ad bill.. I intend to
oiler it as a substitute for the whole bill. It is
substantially a bdl lo redo the public lands within
the bnntb of ihe land States on certain conditions
therein mentioned. It is one which I think the
representatives from all the land States may well
vot<* for in preference to any other proposition
which hay been made, and it is one which I think
theivpiesentaiivesof the old States shouldgreatly
pref r t-> the homestead policy, and by which it
is proposed to obtain somctning to the Treasury
from tlie public lands, i move that it be printed.
Mi\ PUGIi. _ The Committee on Public Lands
already have this subject of ceding the lands to
the States under consideration, by virtue of a res-
olution of the Senate. I would suggest to my
friend from Texas, and my friend from Alabama,
that their bills be read by their titles twice, and
referred to that committee and printed. They
are then both in the power of the committee under
that resolution, and it will be in the power of the
Senators to offer them as amendments.
Mr. CLAY. I would accedc to that proposi-
tion of the Senator from Ohio, if the Senate would
recommit the homestead bill along with them;
but I do not want to bury my bill in the Com-
mittee on Public Lands while you are passing
the homestead bill.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator can move to have
his bill printed, and then can offer the printed
copy as a substitute for the homestead bill. My
object is, in case the homestead should be de-
feated, or substantially amended, that the com-
mittee may not lose their hold on the question in
that phase.
Mr. CLAY. I would have no objection, if it
was printed, to have it referred at the same time.
If I lose none of my rights, by the reference of the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands, I shall
not object.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly not. I ask that the
bills be read twice by their titles, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands,and both printed.
The bill of Mr. Wigfall (S. No. 3S8) to dis-
pose of the public lands in the States, and the bill
of Mr. Clay (S. No. 389) to cede the publielands
within the limits of the land Stales, on curtain con-
ditions therein mentioned, wore severally read
twice by their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the bills be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS BIG NED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forxey, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 250) for the relief of Kate D.
Taylor, widow of the late Brevet Captain Oliver
II. P. Taylor;
A bill (S. No. 233) for the relief of Alice Hunt,
widow of Thomas Hunt; and
A bill (S. No. 71) lor the relief of the Ameri-
can Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the In-
dian appropriation bill. My object is to make
what progress we can this evening, and have it
the first business in order for to-morrow.
Mr. WADE. I hope that motion will not pre-
vail, for I am very anxious to dispose of the home-
stead bill. I donotbelie\e there will be any great
debate on the subject, I belu vo those in favor of
the bill do not wish to debate it, and I am anxious
for a vote on it, and if this motion doc-s not pre-
vail, I shall move to take that bill up; and I call
for the yeas and nays on the motion to take up
the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What is the
question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To postpone
1 all special orders.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That is the
j motion; but in the absence of that motion, what
j would be before the Senate ? I understand the
s homestead bill was left as the unfinished business
I on Thursday, and would come properly before
! the Senate now.
I Air. CLAY. I think the unfinished business
! is the bill to erant a pension to Mrs. Humber.
| Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the motion will be
i put, no matter what the unfinished business may
j be. If my motion succeeds, the Indian appro-
! pnation bill will come up.
; The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
j The Chair will say to the Senator irom Tcnnes-
i see that the bill indicated by the Senator from
i Alabama is the first business in order.
1 Mr. CLAY. That is the unfinished business.
; Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Do I under-
i stand the Chair to say, that when business is
i taken up on private bill day, a private bill which
is left unfinished supersedes public business on
Monday?
Mr. CLAY. You arc mistaken. The facts arc
these: prior to taking .up the resolutions of the
Senator from Mississippi, which were discussed
by the Senator from South Carolina, on motion,
the Senate took up a bill to grant a pension to
Mrs. Laura C. Humber, this morning; and while
that was under discussion, the hour arrived for
the special order, and thereupon the Chair called
up the special order, and the bill for the felief of
Mrs. Humber was not disposed of; hence it is
the unfinished business, and first in order.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee. It would be
the unfinished business of the morning hour, but
not^ the unfinished business of Thursday last,
which now comes up in regular order.
Mr. CLAY. It was not taken up in the morn-
ing hour It was at half past one o'clock. Tho
bill was being discussed when it went over.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 understand
the motion before the Senate to be to postpone ail
prior orders, and take up the Indian appropria-
tion bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion made by tho Senator from Virginia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have only
a word to say. The homestead proposition has
been before the country for years. It was intro-
duced atan early day of this session. The friends
of the measure have given way to accommodate
others on the right and on the left, until, I think,
the time has arrived when we ought to have defi-
nite action on the subject. It is proposed to take
up the Indian appropriation bill. Is there any-
thing in relation to it that is so pressing on the
country? It makes appropriations for the'next
fiscal year, commencing the 1st of July, 18G0. If
you pass the bill to-day, it makes no appropria-
tions contingent to mee't any emergency now ex-
isting; but they commence on the Istof Julynext.
'But, it seems to me, a measure of so much im-
portance as the homestead proposition, affecting
thousands, not to say millions, demands as much
consideration as appropriation bills which will
carry themselves through by their specific grav-
ity. If the Committee on Finance was to tfirow
itself against them, and resist their passage, they
would pass themselves through thisHousc. There
is no danger of the appropriation bills. When-
ever you want to take money*out of the Treasury,
to appropriate millions outof the people's pockets,
there is lio difficulty in getting bills of that de-
scription through. Why, then, press them with
so much pertinacity to the exclusion of all other
billsJ
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia, to
postpone all prior orders for the purpose of taking
up the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 24; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Brown, Chesnut,
Clay, Clmgman, Unttcnden, Fitch, Fiupatrick, Hammond,
Hemphill, Iluutci, Ivcrson, Johnson oi Arkansas, Kenne-
dy, Lane, Latham, Mason, I'olk, Powell, Sebastian, Sll-
dell, Thompson, and Wiglall—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Coilainer, Doolittle, Dnrkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Nicholson,
l'ugh, Kice, ^ewaid. Simmons, Sumner,Ten Eyckl Tium-
buil, Wade, and Wilson—-'11.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business at the time the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of the special order was a bill called
up on motion of the Senator from Alabama; and
that is now the question before the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I move now to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the homestead bill of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the Senate will dispatch
this little bill. It is one which I am sure appeals
as strongly to the justice and more strongly to
the charity of tho Senate than any which has been
considered here for a long time.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I paired off with the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson;] but 1
believe I have given one vote. I shall not vote
now, having paired.
