1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. •
2563
come, and (he sudden concentration needed for resistance,
consequently, impossible.
The cxistmcc of this danger, so peculiar and so real,
must henceforth, as heretofore and now, greatly retard
settlement on the inland waters of Washington Terri-
tcfry-
As heretofore suggested in nn able report, made in 1855,
by Captain Stoneman, of the second cavalry, and Lieuten-
ant WJiitmg, of the engineers-, effectual security is to be
found only in the military occupation of some point high
up in tlie&e waters, and the stationing theie of one or two
small, fast, armed steameis, always teady to fall upon the
rear of any Indian expedition venturing* below, and, out-
stripping even the swiit war canocs, able to intercept and
destroy them all.
The existence of such an establishment would give se-
curity and confidence to all the waters of Washington Ter-
ritory ; and I believe that, for years to come, nothing short
of it will do so.
No position can be better adapted to such a purpose than
Point Roberts, lying at an extreme northern limit, pioject-
ing wen into the gulf of Georgia at the narrowest place
near the mouth, and possessing^ us I believe, the requisite
local facilities.
Under conviction of the cogency of these reasons, and of
those ju3tstated,I hope to be excused lor earnestly lecom-
mendnig adhesion to Point Roberts as an important posi-
tion in the -defensive system of the northwest coast ot the
United Stales.
I ask leave to repeat, by way of recapitulation, the earn-
est recommendation that, for thf better protection of our
waters inside of Cape Flattery, and to provide for security
in time ot war, and more than mere passive resistance,
1. A suitable, anchorage, at or near San Juan island, may
be securely fortified; and
2. A similar one at i'otnt Roberts.
A map of part of Washington Territory is herewith, for
the .clearer understanding of the preceding remark?. '
I have tiie honor to be, very respectfully your obedient
servant, ^ JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,
Brevet Brigadier General and Colonel Engineers.
To Hon. John B. Floyd, Secretary of War, Washington.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Ishouldlike, before voting
upon that, to hear something more distinctly about
U from the Senator from Mississippi, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, who
seems to have the opinion of one officer upon the
subject, who has been sent out there to make
merely a survey of that section of the country.
I suppose he had nothing to do, and we might
therefore as well employ him in that business as
any other. He does not seem to be very strenu-
ous about it as to time. He points out this place
as necessary to he fortified, one day or another,
In the possible contingency of war. It may be
necessary at some time or other; but I should
really like the opinions of others who are learned
and "skillful in these matters, whether it is ad-
visable, m the present state of the Treasury, to
commence the erection of two fortifications—for
they seem to be twins; one beginsnow; the other,
as part of the same system, is to begin soon, and
this is only the commencement of the matter. At
present there are no difficulties there, and none are
apprehended. The contingency of war is only a
possible one. The country is unsettled; and really
that coast is so far away, and so little needing
protection at the present time, that it is a question
which addresses itself tothesense of men, whether
it is advisable, in the present state of the country,
and the present state of the Treasury more par-
ticularly,^ commence those fortifications. If we
are satisfied of it, of course I have no sort of ob-
jection to voting the money; for I am willing at
all times to do whatever may be necessary as soon
as it may be necessary, or as we are able to do it;
but I want to be a little better satisfied than I am
by even General Tottcn's opinion, whether it is
advisable to begin this work at the present mo-
ment under existing circumstances.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer as well as I can
the Senator from Maine. General Totten is the
chief of the engineer corps, and as such has had
his mind particularly directed to a general system
offortifications;all the reports from different local-
ities having; been collected in his bureau for a
number of years. Soon after a trip to Europe,
where his mmd was supposed to have been some-
what more generalized, he was ordered to go to
the coast of the Pacific to examine the fortifica-
tions, and sites where fortifications were required,
and this is a portion of his report. 1 think,
in the answer which I had read, he does press
the present necessity for fortifying Point Rob-
erts, and not merely in relation to the contin-
gency of war with some civilized nation to
which the Senator referred, but also in relation
to the Indian tribes. They are the people whose
canoes he speaks of, which are very remarkable,
carrying twenty or thirty, and sometimes more,
men.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He speaks of war steam-
ers as being necessary and advisable with refer-
ence to protection against the Indians. Is it
necessary to build these fortifications for the pro-
tection of the steamers, or are the steamers to be
in harbor on the other side, somewhere near there?
I cannot get the idea.
Mr. DAVIS. This is a fortification of an an-
chorage' in which he supposes these steamers are
to he, safe from any attack. I suppose he hardly
expects those canoes to take them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is this to be the anchor-
age?
Mr. DAVIS. This fort is to cover the anchor-
age at which these light steamers will lie. It is,
therefore, he proposes that it be brought down to
the shore. It is a fortified anchorage. I so un-
derstand it.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Is the fortification neces-
sary as against the Indians; to protect the steamers
against the Indians?
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I will not run saws with
the Senulor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
how they are connected. It seems the fortifica-
tion is important 
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator is not half so witty
as he thinks he is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not pretend to be
witty. If the Senator will allow me, I am en-
deavoring to get an explanation simply. Now,
the honorable Senator from Mississippi must
know that we are all simpletons, compared with
him, in relation to all these mattors. We are all
ready to admit it; and I was humbly trying to sit
at his feet and acquire instruction before voting,
and I want him so to understand; and of his mag-
nanimity and kindness to dispense it—that is ail.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand perfectly well the
Senator's whole line of argument. I will not pre-
tend to say that he is very well informed; and if
he chooses to plead his ignorance, I leave him
under his own plea, and to the full benefit of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I admit it all.
Mr. DAVIS. He asked, what are the facts,
which I supposed he had not examined ; and if he
had only kepthis patience a little while, and curbed
his wit and sarcasm, I should have answered as
far as I was in possession of the facts of which he
seemed to be inquiring. If he is constantly to
interject remarks to break the line of reply, of
course it is needless for me to attempt to answer.
I was saying to the Senator, taking it for granted
that he was doing what seemed to be, or what
was implied by his language, asking for informa-
tion contained in the reports of the Department,
that this work was to cover an anchorage; and
that this anchorage was to be a place where light
steamers were to be kept, and that the steamers
were to be employed against these Indians. There,
without alio wing me to goon, he inquires whether
war steamers were to be taken by canoes. Now,
he is not half so smart as he thinks ho is. Those
canoes are double as big as he supposes, and carry
twice as many Indians probably as he imagines;
and a steamer lying at rest, particularly un-
manned, will be liable to be taken; and the cheap-
est way to protect them might be under the guns
of the fort. The general of engineers, however,
in making his report, certainly.did not look to the
Indians alone. A very small work might have
answered for any defense which the steamers, dur-
ing the period they were unmanned, might require
from marauding bands of Indians, even if their
purpose was only to set fire to them,
Hie Senator from Vermont asked a question,
the answer to which certainly covered that whole
ground, when he inquired whether this work was
liable to be taken by land attack; and must, there-
fore, be built with a view to land defense. "I so
understand it. I therefore understand it is to be
a large one, and a work of heavy expenditure.
But the necessity for beginning it now is con-
nected with the defense of that frontier from In-
dian incursions. It may be better, and the Sena-
tor may know it to be better, to resort to other
means, to build arsenals and stockades, to be torn
down hereafter, when it may be necessary to con-
struct a fort. He may have some rapid mode of
construction, such as we have not ascertained,
either in the harbor of Portland or in the Penob-
scot bay, by which forts are to be built at once—
as soon as they are needed. But, 1 take it, in the
Territory of Washington, where they have less
labor, it requires many years after a work is com-
menced before it is completed; and it is during the
period of peace, and when war is most remote,
that it is necessary to commence fortifications, if
they are ever to be finished.
This work on Point Roberts, I think, is recom-
mended by the engineers as one requiring imme-
diate attention. There is another also recom-
mended. They are not twins, as the Senator
supposes. They are very different localities.
Neither do I understand that only two arc to be
constructed. I take it for granted many more
will be finally constructed, and that the two will
be but the beginning of a system of defense of
Puget Sound and the entrance to the Columbia
river; but the committee have recommended only
one. Looking over the whole ground, though
two were pressed upon their attention, they asked
an appropriation for only one, and that one may
be unnecessary. The committee did not assume
to be infallible, nor did they consider their organ
as being able to teach every one all that it was
necessary to know. I am only willing to answer
the inquiries of Senators as far as I possess the
facts; and in making such replies from inform-
ation communicated to the committee, I do not
charge anyone with ignorance; I do not exalt my
own knowledge; I do not profess to be a judge;
but where a fortification is required, what the
extent of the fortification should be, how it should
be constructed, whether it should be commenced
at water batteries, or whether it should be com-
menced in land defenses; whether great barracks
should he first erected; whether it snould be case-
mated or barbetted, and all these other questions,
I leave to the War Department and the engineer
bureau. I take it, the Senator has no right to
require the chairman of the committee to give any
such information.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I was per-
fectly sincere in what I said; and I was inquiring
for information about this matter. 1 was also per-
fectly sincere in saying that if this work was ne-
cessary to be commenced now,atthepresenttime,
1 was perfectly willing to vote any amount of
money that was necessary to accomplish it; but
I think that, at any rate, we who are called upon
to vote for these particular works, should be in-
formed to that extent which maybe necessary in
order to enab/e us to come to a reasonable con-
clusion on the subject.
Now, sir, what have we here with respect to
this matter? We have a single letter read—from
a distinguished officer I admit, who has made a
military survey of that country, and who seems
to think that certain fortifications may be neces-
sary for certain purposes in certain contingencies.
With regard to those contingencies, when they
are likely to arise or what is to be the extent of
their severity, I suppose we are as able to judge
as the officer himself. The letter itself did not
seem to me sufficiently to press, or to any great
extent to press, the immediate construction of
those works; and there are obvious reasons to my
mind why we should not begin the erection of any
more of those woilcs, especially upon that coast,
unless they are nccessary at the time, and until
they become necessary. Why? In the first place,
I have not yet heard an estimate of the whole cost
of erecting this fortification. There is a single
statement, a single recommendation of the com-
mittee to appropriate $100,000. I do not know
that there is any estimate from the Department,
or any Department, stating how much it is to
cost.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator, I am
sorry to have misunderstood him, since he avows
the entire sincerity with which he asked the ques-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I avowed that before.
Mr, DAVIS. I will state, in relation to the
point you are now on, that the engineer is unable
himself to make an estimate. His letter shows
that the character of the work is a thing yet to be
determined.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Very well. Now let us
come to the position in which the thing is placed,
since we are compelled to examine it for our-
selves. We hav© her® a recommendation from
