178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 26,
36tii Coxg....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Sedgiviclc.
Ho. oi? Keps.
citizen of this District and a witness of that ex-
citing aontroversy, that great champion sweat,
as it were, great drops of blood in his intense en-
deavors to brtng about that compromise. Daniel
Webster, too, then a young man, first made him-
self known as the advocate of freedom in the
Territories. But the result was a compromise.
Threats of disunion were then as freely uttered
as they arc now. Extreme men, following the
example of Cluincy in 1811, and the not very pop-
ular example of the Hartford convention in 1814,
proclaimed again the doctrine of secession.
But I must hasten to another point. The po-
litical question, as I have said, was then first
brought to the attention of the country. But, in
1816, about three years before that time, the south-
ern people, becoming alarmed at the symptoms of
discontent among their colored population, espe-
cially the free blacks, Started the idea of the Col-
onization Society. The free blacks had become,
or were considered, a dangerous element in their
society; and this led to the policy of their colo-
nization in Africa. This plan, as everybody must
see who considers it a moment, would require
large Government aid; and to secure this Govei n-
mcnt aid, the North must be conciliated. They
had no such dangerous element in their society.
They had relieved themselves from the difficul-
ties that always attend the existence of skive in-
stitutions. liut they had become rich and pros-
perous; and they were to be appealed to, to obtain
aid of the General Government to promote tins
scheme 'of colonization; and, in order to secure
their aid.it must be shown to be designed to im-
prove materially the condition of the free blacks;
and further than that, to tend ultimately to eman-
cipation. Appeals were accordingly made, within
the memory of some of those who now hear mo,
to northern phdantropists. Eloquent southern
men made touching appeals in behalf of the de-
graded free blacks of the South; and such men as
Gerrit Smith and Arthur Tappan and William
Goodell, and other men who are now supposed
to be fierce enemies of the South, were appealed
to,and their aid obtained to further this southern
scheme of emancipation. A citizen of Ohio. lJeii-
jamin Lundy, whose sympathies were aroused
upon this subject, removed to Baltimore, and
established there a paper called The Genius of
Universal Emancipation.
It was aboutthis time thatayoungman, born in
the town of Newburyport, Massachusetts, edu-
cated in our northern schools, began to teach the
doctrine of ultimate emancipation,"through coloni-
zation, to the citizens of Boston. The doors of the
most magnificent churches in that city flew open,
as upon oiled hinges, at his approach. His elo-
quence was the theme of eveiy tongue, and his
praise .sounded throughout the land. lie was
called upon to aid in this attempt of Lundy to
establish his paper in Baltimore. lie went there
as an assistant editor of tlie " Genius of Universal
Emancipation," at the solicitation of the South.
He there became acquainted with the atrocity of
the inter-State slave trade. He there saw the
working!''of slavery for himself. He theve saw
that this scheme of colonization was Janus-faced;
that at the South it meant new and increased guar-
antees for the perpetuation of shivery, while at
the North it was held out to the neh and philan-
thropic as a means for t!v  ultimate extinction of
slavery. I say he observed this inter-State slave
trade—a trade which was not sn^mati/.ed as pi-
racy bylaw, but which was marked wilii every
atrocious feature that ever distinguished the for-
eign traffic. More than that; it t^ais asundui
those who have in some degiee m qunr-d the prin-
ciples of civilization, and have be -n by it taught
to feel more keenly the pan^s of forced dissolu-
tion of family and social tics.
Not long after this, a ship owned by a northern
merchant, commanded by a northern captain, and
manned by northern seamen, was chartered, and
shipped a cargo of human bemasat Baltimore for
the New Orleans market. This man saw the
slaves embarked. He had been invite d South to
edit a colonization paper, and seeing these things
himself, he spoke of them as they deserved in his
paper. He seized the opportunity of commencing
the attack upfln a vessel fitted out in his own
birthplace, which had engaged in a traffic so har-
rowing to his feelings and sensibilities. He print-
ed an article in his paper, describing the conduct
of these northern men in bringing vessels to south-
ern ports to engage in this abominable traffic, by
which they could grow rich, while their conscien-
tious neighbors, who desired to engage only in
the legitimate coastwise trade, could not make a
living. And what was the result? Why, sir,
although the article was aimed.at individuals in
the North alone, it did in fact strike a blow at the
domestic slaveirade; and the result was, that he
was prosecuted civilly and criminally; he was
thrown into prison; he was mulcted in heavy
damages in u libel suit; he went to prison, and
there remained until the northern colonizationists
paid his fmo and set this young liberator free.
He returned to the North, but the doors of the
churches that were open to his teachings before
were rusted and fixed on their hinges when he
went back to denounce the cruelty of slavery and
the slave trade. He announced "his intention to
speak on Boston Common, as at least one place
under the broad canopy of heaven in which he
could give utterance to his conscientious convic-
tions of truth; but he found that northern senti-
ment was as unwilling to be disturbed upon this
slavery question, nay, more so, than southern
opinions. But this man, gentle, loving, peacea-
ble, truthful, iust, but inflexible, was resolved
not to be put down, North or South, and the re-
sult was the publication of this paper, (The Lib-
erator.) the first number of which 1 hold in my
hand, and m which he announces his intention to
prosecute this war upon slavery to the end.
" f am in earnest. T will not equivocate; 1 will not ex-
cuse ; I will not retreat a single inch, and'I will bo heard.''
That is from the first number of the Liberator,
published in 1831, by William Lloyd Garrison,
it has sometimes seemed to me that that man was
sent from Heaven in answer to the poet's prayer,
and to meet the time's necessity:
11 YVe need, methinks, the prophet hcroc? "till,
SamH true of hte and mart} t  strong of win,
To tread the land even now, a.> Xaviei trod
The streets ol tioa, baietoot, with hK bell,
Pioclaunim,' freedom in the name of (Jod,
And btauhns tyiants with the teai of Hell."
Now, sir, allow me to return and take another
departure. Laws in I lie southern States foi bidding
the entrance of free persons of color, under penalty
of imprisonment and sale, were passed as early
as IbiiO, when there was no agitation upon the
subject of slavery. It has boon claimed that these
laws of South Carolina and Louisiana and other
southern States were a direct infringement upon
the constitutional lights of northern men; that
their rights had been deliberately invaded by law.
This was no abstract question. Imprisonments
were frequent under those laws.
In iSQri, twenty-six captains of vessels then in
the harbor of Charleston sent petitions to Con-
gress, setting forth the inconvenience and loss to
which (bey wore subjected, and proving redress.
This was early in 1&22. The petition was, with
great difficulty, prevented from being presented,
by the interference of northern merchants, who
weie ufuud that thr ir commerce would be checked.
Tn 1831, Samuel VI. Sewell, of Boston, went by
ship*to Charleston. There were colored men on
board his vessel liable to imprisonment. His
family wished to remain thoieibrtheirheahh; and
he was compelled to place these colored men on
board a Uriush ves-el, and place them under the
Hrttinh flag. iu oi'I.t that he mi?,ht remain with
lus family in a harbor of one of (he States of this
American Unuv..
In 1^32. a e.oiured <. uir.cn of New Bedford went
out as supercargo in a lie had chartered
for the Weft Indies. He took a return enrgo di-
rect 1'or Charleston. While thcie he was arrested
under this law, and, but for the strenuous efforts
of the influential merchant to whom his caigo was
consigned, would have n, en iinnrisoned under it.
In 183a, a gentleman of Boston found, in two
days, twenty-six free-born citizens of Massachu-
setts who had been imprisoned in southern jails,
one of whom had l^een placed upon the auction-
block in Mobile, having been taken from a vessel
under the opeiation of this lav,*. On their petition
with others, the Massachusetts Legislature soon
after passed a law appointing Mr. Hoar and Mr.
Hubbard, two most respectable members of the
bar in the State of Massachusetts, to proceed to
Charleston and New Orleans, with directions to
institute legal proceedings in the courts to test the
constitutionality of these laws. The result is
within the recollection of everybody. These men
who are such sticklers for law, for the observ-
ance of all the constitutional guarantees, for the
sacredness of the decisions of the courts, would
not even permit these Massachusetts gentlemen
to bring suit before their own judges, to be pros-
ecuted by their own lawyers, who had given opin-
ions against the constitutionality of the law, and
they were expelled from the State by threatened
violence. And yet these men, if we do not run
out at the first blast of the marshal's horn and
pursue a poor fugitive in the northern Slates, stig-
matize us as traitors to the Union; if we do not
pull off our coats and catch their negroes, they
threaten to raze the fair fabric of our Union from
turret to foundation-stone.
" Oh, that there might in England be
A duty on n>pociisj ;
A tax on humbug; an excise
On solemn plausibilities;'
A stamp oa every man who canted.,1
It strikes me that if such a capitation tax was
recognized by our Constitution, it would tend
amazingly to the relief of the Treasury.
I nowcome down to 1835, when this anti-slavery
feeling North began to exhibit itself and to make
somelicad. I call attention to the condition of the
public mind at that time. I submit to the candor
of every gentleman who hears me, whether I do
not state the truth when I say, that there was a
state of feeling entirely friendly to the South in
every particular; that there was a determination
not to interfere in any manner with the question
of slavery, and not even to permit its discussion
upon the ground that, although an admitted evil,
it was a question exclusively for the South, and
with which northern men had no right to meddle.
Colonization was tolerated, because it was a south-
ern measure tending to emancipation in theirown .
way and by their consent. Parties were divided
North and South upon other and dliferent issues—
banks, tariffs, &c. They were determined to ig-
nore this question. Candidates for office went so
far as even to refuse to answer what their senti-
ments were upon the subject. So inconsiderable
was the strength of the Abolitionists at the North.
The slavery question was excluded from the
church—the whole question was shut out and
ignoied. i
Now, it was not because of anv difference of
opinion in respect to the character of slavery, but
as to our rights and duties in regard to it, and in
respect to interference with it. I know that a
very different sentiment now prevails and controls
the northern States. Who are the a^gressots?
How has it come about tiiat noithern sentiment
has changed upon this subject ? The solution of
this question is not difficult. The whole secret
of the matter is, that the sale method of meeting
the question here, and in the North and South,
has been by violence, and an utter disregard of
constitutional and legal obligations. Resistance
has been put not upon reason but upon force.
Indeed.by logical sequence, this is the only mode
in which the argument could be met. Slavery
stands wholly upon the law of violence and su-
perior force. It finds no support in equity, in *
justice, in right, in Christianity. It begins by
inciting to cruel war by the basest means: pro-
ceeds, through bloodshed and rapine, to the sale
of captives to brutal traders and piiates: through
the horrors of the slave ship and the middle pas-
sage, to sales to Christian masters. Every step
is marked with ferocitv and blood. Slavery is at
war with every sentiment of justice and human-
ity, and with every pnnciple* of that higher law
•'whose seat is the bosom of God, and whose
voice is the harmony of the world."
I speak deliberately, Mi. Chairman, when 1 say
for myself that no forms of constitution or law,
however solemnly agreed upon, or whatever high
claims they may have to authority, intended to rec-
ognize, orauthori'/e, or guaranty any such system
of outrage and violence upon human rights, has
any, the least, efficacy to bind the conscience or
ji control the action of any citizen of any Govern-
ij ment under heaven. It is clear usurpation and
i; tyranny, and not law. If- stands, 1 say, wholly
;1 upon the law of force. Its most eloquent and
