1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1621
would have been incumbent upon the Department
to supply, aside from the local mail service, there
can be no doubt.
It appears, from the testimony of Mr. Harris,
that the captains of the claimants' boats used every
means within their power to facilitate the through
mails; and that it often occurred that the mail
could not be got to the boats on the arrival of the
cars by the time of leaving; and in such cases
the captains, at his request, delayed starting their
boats from lialfan hour to an hour and a half, until
the mails could be put on board. Every accom-
modation, therefore, seems to have been extended
to the Department by the claimants; and nomoie
^efficient or regular service could have been per-
formed had they been regular contractors. In
view of all the facts in the case, the committee
believe that the, claimants are justly entitled to
a suitable recompense for their services. The
amount paid for carrying the local mail appears to
have been a very moderate one, from the fact that
it was for letters—but one third of the amount,
(namely: three cents,) to which the Department
was limited by law. By computing the number of
trips of the claimants' boats, during which they
carried the mail, it appears that the average com-
pensation received (being for the whole time
$10,544 95) would be less than three dollars and
seventy-five cents per passage. Calculating the
through mail to be (at the average of the testi-
mony) seven and five eighths times larger than
the local mail, at the ratio of compensation re-
ceived, it would amount to §28 60 per trip, which
the committee believe should be paid to tlieclaim-
ants for said service.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I make a point of order
upon that resolution, if I understand it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan offers a resolution to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar
from the consideration ofa certain bill, and bring it
before the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. So I understood. I now
make the point of order, that the gentleman has
no right during the morning hour, at this time, to
move to discharge the committee from the consid-
eration of a bill, and put it on its passage. No bus-
iness is in order, under the new rule, during the
morning hour, except the call of the States and
Territories for bills and resolutions; and 1 submit
that the gentleman has no right to move to bring
up a bill to be put on its passage until the expira-
tion of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
motion of the gentleman to be in order. It is not
a motion to suspend the rules; it is a resolution
brought in by the gentleman from Michigan,under
the call of that State for resolutions; and the Chair
supposes that, in order to pass the resolution, he
must have a two-thirds vote, the elfcct being to
change the order of business.
Mr. BURNETT. Suppose I propose to debate
the resolution?
The SPEAKER. Thf* gentleman from Michi-
gan hn^ called the previous quest-ion.
Mr. BURNETT. Then that destroys the effect
of the new rule which we have adopted. If a
gentleman may take the floor and move to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole House from
the consideration of a bill, and put it upon its
passage, the rule which we have adopted for the
offering of resolutions during the morning hour,
on each alternate Monday, is of no avail.
Mr. HOUSTON. It seeing to me that if the
Chair will look for a moment at the point pre-
sented, possibly he may reach the conclusion that
the resolution which the gentleman from Michi-
gail offers is really nothing but a motion. If that
be so, and if I have the right under this new rule
to offer a resolution, but not to make a motion, I
cannot take advantage of a call of the States for
resolutions, and introduce a motion in that shape.
If it would not be in order to move to discharge
the Committee of the Whole House fiom the
consideration of that bill, and thereby bring it
into the House" and put it upon its passage, then
it would not be in order to introduce a resolution
upon a call of the States for the purpose of ac-
complishing the same thing; for that would oper-
ate—though not so intended—as a fraud upon the
rules. I think it is important for the success of
the business of the House that the Chair should
rule correctly upon this point; and I am inclined
to think that if he will consider the point which
has been made, he will decide the motion to be
out of order.
The SPEAKER. Upon the present under-
standing of the Chair, he dccidcs the resolution
to be in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Under the new rule5
The SPEAKER. There is no change in the
rules, so far as the decision of this question is con-
cerned, that the Chair can perceive.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The decision of the Chair,
if carried out, would defeat the entire object of the
new rule, and deny to the other States and Ter-
i ritories which have not been called, the privilege
1 of submitting their resolutions. If the morning
hour had expired, then the resolution would be in
order; but if the morning hour has not expired,
then, I think, his decision is evidently wrong. I
would therefore? ask the Speaker to have the rule
read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
rule to be read.
The 2Gth rule was read, as follows:
" All the States arid Territories shall be called for bills on
leave and resolutions on each alternate Monday during each
session oi* Congress ; and, if necessary to secure the object
on said days, all resolutions which shall give, rise to debate
shall lie over for discussion, under the rules of the House
already established; and the whole of said days shall be
appropriated to bills on leave and resolutions, until all the
States and Territoiies are called through. And the Speaker
shall first call the States and Territories for bills on leave;
and all bills so introduced during the first hour after the
Journal is read shall be icferred, without debate, to their
appropriate committees: Provided* however, That a bill so
introduced and referred shall not be brought back into the
House upon a motion to reconsider.-5
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think the Speaker will
hardly now insist on the decision which he has
pronounced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ask that the
practice of the House under the rule maybe read.
The Clerk read as follows:
uThe previous question may be moved on a resolution
submitted under a call ot the States, and thus prevent the
debate which, under the rules, requiie^ it to he over.'-'—
Journals I, 26, p. 10G7 ; 1, pp. liUl, 1393.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
decision he has made to be founded upon the prac-
tice of the House. The Chair decides the reso-
lution to be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand the gen-
tleman from Georgia as questioning the practice
of the House under the old rule. The point is,
that under the new rule it would not be m order
to make a motion to suspend the rules during the
morning hour to bring this bill before the House;
and if the effect of the resolution is to accomplish
the same thing, then the resolution is not in order.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I submit the ques-
tion of order that no debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. The
question is on the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 understand that it will take
two thirds to pass the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I ask if it will not take
two thirds to second the demand for the previous
question '
Mr. CRAWFORD. I call for tellers on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Carter and
Cox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-eight, a further count not having been
demanded.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
had found truly enrolled, bills of the following
; titles; which were signed by the Speaker:
1 An act (S. No. 250) for the relief of Kate D.
i Taylor, widow of the late Brevet Captain Oliver
| H. P. Taylor;
| An act (S. No, 71) for the relief of the Ameri-
j can Board of Commissioners for Foreign Mis-
' sions; and
j An act (S. No. 233) for the relief of Alice
! Hunt, widow of Thomas Hunt.
! ARTHUR EDWARDS AND ASSOCIATES AGAIN.
! Mr. CRAWFORD. Do I understand the
! Speaker to say that the vote about to be taken is
' upon the introduction of the resolution?
| "The SPEAKER. It is not upon the introduc-
\ tion of the resolution; but upon the passage of the
rcsol ution. The yeas and nays have been ordered,
and two thirds must be had before the resolution
can be adopted. If the resolution be adopted, it
will have the effect to bring the bill before the
House for its action.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then let the resolution
be read.
The Clerk again read the resolution.
The question was taken ; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 136, nays 46; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain. Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Thomas L.Anderson, William
C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Boteler, Bouligny, Brabson, Brayton, Briggs, Buf-
fmton, Buich, Burlingame, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey,
Caiter, John L>. Claik, Colfax, Conkling, Cooper, Oorwin,
Covodo, Cox, Curtis, Davidson, II. Winter Davis, Dawes,
Hale, Hall, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Haskin,
Hatton, Helnnck, Hickman, Hoard, Howard, Humphrey,
ffutchms, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilgore, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, James M.
Leach, Lee, Loonns, Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston, Charles
D. Martin, Maynard, McOlernand, MeKcan, McKnight,
Mcpherson, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead,
Morrill, Morse, Nelson, Mhlaek, Nixon, Olin, Perry,Pettit,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Quarles, Rice, Christopher Kobm-
son, Royce, Rust, Schwartz, Scolt, Scranton, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Sickles, SpauJding, Stanton. William Stewart,
Rtokes, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins,
Train, Trimble, Vance, Van Wyck, WaJdron, Walton,
CadwaladerC.Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Win-
dom, Woodruff, and Woodson—138.
NAYS—Messrs. Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Bristow, Bur-
nett, Ciopton, Cobb, Buiton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Hawkins, Holman, Houston,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Leake,
Logan, McQueen, Mcltae, Miles, Millson, Sydenham
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Noell, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, James
C. Robinson, lluffin, Sunms, William N. H. Smith, Spin-
ner, Stalhvorrh, Stevens, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandlg-
ham, Whiteley, and Winslow—46.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr HARRIS, of Virginia, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Martin, was called home by the
severe illness of his wife.
Mr.BOULIGNY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Landrttm, was paired with Mr. Case.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that Mr. Stewart, of
Maryland, was paired with Mr. Millward until
Thursday next.
Mr. AVERY stated that he was paired with
Mr. Killinger for to-day.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before the
House for action. Shall it be read a third time?
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I call forthe pre-
vious question on ordering the bill to be read a
third time.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan to permit me to offer an amendment to
the bill. This hill, sir, ought not to pass in its
present shape.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is debate in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw the call for the previous question, and
permit me to move an amendment,which will serve
to prevent any fraud being practiced upon the
: Government.
| Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I must insist on
; my demand for the previous question.
; The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
: Mr. CRAWFORD. Has not the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. It has; but the main ques-
! tion has been ordered, and the bill must now be
: disposed of.
Mr. BURNETT. Has not the main question
! been ordered only on discharging the Committee
j of the Whole House from the further considcra-
1 tion of the bill?
' The SPEAKER. No, sir; the main question
; is ordered on the third reading of the bill.
; Mr. MALLORY. Is it in order to move a
; reconsideration of the vote by which the mainques-
i tion was ordered on the third reading of the bill?
' If it is, I want to make that motion, m order that
| the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett]
1 may get his amendment before the House.
I Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I cannot yield for
■ anv such purpose as that.
Mr. MALLORY. If that amendment is not
! allowed to comc in, and this bill is to be pushed
