1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2565
tion is such as to suit the Department? Do they
not want to change it at ail?
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot say as to that.
Mr. COLLAiMER, That is somewhat im-
portant. if you are going to rebuild*
Mr, DA VlS. But it is impossible to answer
such a question as that. I should have to ask the
Secretary of War what his impressions are. He
1ms sent (his estimate for reconstructing the sta-
bles. I will answer the Senator that they have
tried other places as cavalry depots, but have done
better at Carlisle than at any other point.
The question being put; on a division there
were—ayes 20, noes 2, no quorum voting.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biglcr, Bragg, Bright,
Chesnut, Clark, Clmgman, Coiianier, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
little, Durkce, Fesaendon, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foster,
Green, Grime*, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill, Hunter, Iveison,
Kmjr^ Lane, Rico, Sebastian, Slidell, Ten Eyck, Toombs,
WiffraU, and Wilson—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, and Hale—3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment from
the Committee on Military Affairs, to insert at the
end of the bill the following:
To enable the Tlnid Auditor of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of ofSceia now suspended, for disbursements
through the Quartermaster General's department for sup-
plies furnished and stores transported for the three compa-
nies of volunteers called into the service of (.he United
Elates in the Territory of Kansas, in 1S56, by authority of
the War Department, the sum of $5,000, or so much thereof
a* may be necessary.
I will^erely state to the Senate that these are
accounts of officers of the quartermaster's depart-
ment for supplies furnished to 'volunteers who
were called out and have long since been paid;
but the quartermasters that furnished the sup-
plies, under orders, when so employed, have had
their accounts stopped, there being no provision
which authorizes them to issue as regular sup-
Elies; yet they being ordered to issue, the Auditors
ave stopped the accounts, and they remain sus-
pended in the accounting offices. It requires no
appropriation, but merely gives authority to adjust
the accounts of those officers. It is a technical
question.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment,to
insert at the end of the bill:
For the payment of tile salary of the keeper of the Co-
lumbian armory in the city o! Washington for eighteen
months ending June 30,1 $1,81)0 : Frovidcd, Theieatter,
the said urmoiy :!);■;il be under the charge of an ordnance
sergeant of the United States Army."
It is the armory which was built in this Dis-
trict for the volunteers of the District, and as a
depot for trophies. No provision was made to
take care of it. I rather think it was in the con-
templation of Congress that the volunteers them-
selves should take charge of it. The Secretary of
War has employed a man as custodian of the arm-
ory, and no provision has been made for his sal-
ary. He writes a letter on February 23, 1859, to
the committee, asking that an appropriation shall
be made as therein provided. The committee have
added to it a provision to stop the further appoint-
ment or employment of a keeper, and to turn over
the armory to the custody of an ordnance sergeant
of the Army. I wish the Senate to understand
that the second provision is notthat which is rec-
ommended by the Department, but is one which
was added by the committee upon the recom-
mendation of the Department; so that the Senate
may decide as they think proper.
Mr. HALE. Is not this a novel proceeding?
X understand we have built an armory for the
volunteer militia of the District, and it is now
proposed to pay the salary of an officer for taking
charge of it. 1 think it is unprecedented.
Mr. DAVIS, i do not hear the Senator.
Mr. HALE. I was stating what I supposed
it was. I do not know whether I understand it.
I understand we have built an armory upon the
public grounds for this District—which, by the
way, is a great nuisance; it never ought to have
been done, and never ought to have been built
where it is; X think it is agrcat outrage; but now,
having done that, and provided an armory for
the volunteer militia in this District, I understand
it is proposed to pay a man for taking carc of the
arms belonging to the volunteer militia of the
District. I am opposed to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will send the letter to the Sec-
retary's desk, to be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Depxrtme.vt, February 93, 1859.
Sip. : r beg leave to eail the attention of your effmmittee
to the fact*tliat no special provision has been made for the
salary of the keeper of the building erected in this city as
a depository of the arms of the District militia, of national
trophies, and of model's of military investigations, andhave
the honor to request that an appropriation of $1,800 may be
made by you for this object, to meet the expenditure until
the 30th of June, I860; being at the rate of .$'100 a month.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Jefferson Davis,
Chairman Committee on Military Affairs, Senate.
Mr. HALE. I ask the yeas and nays on it;
that is all.
Mr. KING. I am not aware that there was
any authority for the appointment of this man.
Why might not the Secretary employ a man for
any other purpose, and send him here for his
pay? Theie was no law to authorize the em-
ployment of this person, and the Secretary of
War ought not to have him employed without
authority of law. He had no business to do so.
Mr. HALE. I raise a question of order. It
is a private claim.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
amendment again. Either I misapprehend it or
the Senator from New York [Mr. King] does.
The Secretary again read it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the amendment is in order.
Mr. KING. 1 am opposed to this amendment,
because it proposes to pay, at the rate of $100 a
month, an officer appointed without authority of
law, and because it proposes to establish a new
office, or to give anew employment to some other
officer without, that I am aware of, any good
reason. If this is an armory belonging to the
District, the District should provide for it. Why
should the Federal Government undertake to keep
at its expense an officer there ? I do not see any
good reason for it, and I should like to hear from
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs some reason for this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. The armory of the District of
Columbia belongs, I suppose, to theUnited States.
The ordnance sergeant is in the service of the
United States; and, therefore, it will not institute
any new office to put the ordnance sergeant there.
It is a simple question.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The question being put, on a division there
were—ayes 15, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Mr. KING. Let us have the yeas and nays.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Some Senators who voted
were not counted by the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us have a recount.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is asked
for, the Chair will put the question again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a single
remark about it before voting. I would like to
ask the chairman of the committee if there is any
obligation resting upon us to take care of the
property ? If so, I sec no impropriety in voting
to pay this person.
Mr. DAVIS. When I last had any knowl-
edge of the armory, there were neither trophies
nor models belonging to the United States "in it.
Itcontatns nothing but the arms of the volunteers,
and I do not say that there is any obligation upon
us to take care of it. If there is nothing in the
armory except the arms of the volunteer compa-
nies ill the District, I say that there is no such
obligation upon us. Firearms are owned by the
United States, and if they think proper, they may
take charge of them, and of the armory in. which
they are deposited; but i do not think there is
any obligation upon us to do so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any property
of the Government there at all except those
arms ?
Mr. DAVIS. I say I do not know. The arm-
ory was built for something else,and when I last
knew anything of it, it had nothing else in it; but
I have not inspected the armory for a long time.
It may contain trophies and models and military
arms." It was for that purtose, together with
that of an armory for the District, that it was
erected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, it strikes,me, thefe
is hardly information enough about this subject..
If it is right, I have no sort of objection to voting
it; but it seems, froni the explanation we liave,
we built an armory here for the use of the volun-
teers, and put arms into their hands, and it does
not appear there is anything else to be taken care
of except those arms, which they should take care
of themselves, and which all the militia do take
care of when in their hands. We are to pay a
man $100 a month for taking care of them. I see
no reason for it, especially when he is employed
without any legal authority in the world.
Mr. HALE.. I do not suppose it would take
a man twelve hours a year to do it, and it is what
all the rest of the militia of all the rest of the Uni-
ted States do for nothing. I think Congress have
been liberal to them in building the armory and
giving it to them for nothing, without undertaking
to pay §100 a month for keeping their own arms
in the building we ha-ve built for them. It seems
to me it is outrageous.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think the Senator puts
the question at all fairly. It may be a very bad
case; but let us treat it fairly at least. The mili-
tia of the District are certainly not on the same
footing as the militia of a State. They have no
Legislature to appeal to, in order that a tax may
be laid forany purpose whatever. Congress stands
in the relation of the Legislature to the District.
The militia of the District are properly in the
service of the United States. The armory belongs
to the United States, not to a State. All the cir-
cumstances are different. It may be proper for
the United States to keep charge of the armory for
the militia in the District. I will not say it is our
duty to do so; but it may be proper to do it. If wa
do not choose to allow the militia to have free access
to the arms put in their hands, it would then cer-
tainly be exercised by Congress, as a right which
they always retain. It is a matter of no conse-
quence, 1 think, as to whether we pay this indi-
vidual in this form or some other.
Mr. HALE. 1 le ought not to be paid at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt the individual
will be paid; nor that the Senator from New
Hampshire perfectly understands that if we pay
this now, we stop the accruing debt hereafter,
because the amendment is to stop it; and if we
do not do it, and there is no ordnance officer as-
signed to take charge of it, the Secretary of War
probably will tell the man to go on, and after a
while he will come to Congress and get a com-
pensation of $100 a month for the whole time he
has been there.
Mr. WILSON. By the letter read from the
Secretary of War. it appears that there are trophies
there and other matters. I should think something
else had been put there——
Mr. DAVIS. The building was erected for
that. He does not say there arc any there.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better settle
this matter in some way. This person lias been
employed, I think, at a very large price; but we
had better dispose of it, and stop the expense
hereafter, as suggested by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. 1 therefore propose to appropriate §900,
which is fifty dollars a month for eighteen months.
That seems to me to be enough. That settles
with the person, and cuts off the expense for the
future. I think we had better do that.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is very apparent, sir, from
the report of this committee, that this expendi-
ture is, in the first place, without authority of
law; in the second place, that there is no equity
in it against the United States; and in the third
place, that it is unreasonable, and ought not to be
allowed. For these reasons I shall oppose it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr, WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by reducing the sum from §1,800 to $900.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment of the committee was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes 13, noes 21.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs is to insert:
For procuring and distributing to the Aimy and militia
