1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
pertinaciously upon the House, without a chance
to perfect it, t do not know but that I will be
forced to vote against it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish the Chair
to tell the House whether the last vote was not
upon discharging the Committee of the Whole
House from the further consideration of this bill?
The SPEAKER. That was on the resolution
itself; and when that resolution was adopted, the
bill was brought before the House.
Mr. HATTON. There are a number of gen-
tlemen who would like to hear that bill again read,
in orde* that we may accurately understand its
terms.
The bill was again read.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I demand tho pre-
vious question on the passage of the kill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The previous question has
exhausted itself upon the third reading of the bill;
and I ask whether, the morning hour having ex-
pired, it is not in order to demand that we shall
pro«qpd to the consideration of the legular order
of business ?
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from Mich-
igan has demanded the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That docs not changcthc
nature of my proposition. The main question has
not been ordered on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is before the House
as the regular order of business, and it must be
disposed of.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit to the Chair
whether, the morning hour having expired, and
Uie main question not being ordered upon the
passage of the bill, the bill is now before the
House? The previous question has exhausted
itself upon the third reading of the bill. Tho gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Cr\wfori>] has been
answered that the morning hour has expired.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired; but it appears to the Chair that the bill
must be disposed of.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Can I move that wc shall
proceed to the consideration of the business upon
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then nothing is in order
cxcept the passage of this hill.
Mr. HATTON. I call the gentleman to order.
The previous question has been demanded; and
debate is not in order.
Mr. 15URNETT. I desire again to appeal to
the gentleman from Michigan to withdraw his
call for the previous question, in order that i may
propose an amendment to the bill. J want to per-
fect the bill before it. is passed. I want to protect
the Government- against, fraud.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I insist on my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. I1URNETT. The amendment I propose
is to authorize the Postmasiei General to require
proof of each mail carried.
Mr. FARNSWORTI-I. That is in the bill
already.
Mr. I5URNETT. No, sir; the bill only pro-
vides that lie shall not allow more than twenty-
eight dollars a trip.
Tho previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. THOMAS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I hold in my hand the affi-
davit of the special agent of the Post Office Depai t-
ment who ordered these mails to be carried. Mr.
Edwards did this service by instruction of the
Post Office Department.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to debate, unless
both sides can be heard.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 128, nays 49; as follows:
Y.EAS—.VTpysrs. Greon Adams, Adrain, Aldricb, Allen,
Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, IBeale, Bing-
ham. Blair. Blake, Botoler, Douhgnv, Biabson, Biavton.
Blip;-*, Bristow, liuffinton. Burch, Ihitiincamc, Butterfiehh
Campbell. Carey, Carter, John V, Clark, Colfax, Conkhng,
Cooper. Corwm, Cm-ode, Cox, James Craig, Cuius, David-
son, II. Wmtei Davis, Dawes. Delano, Uueli,Dunn, ledger-
ton, 71dwaid«, Kiiot. Elv, Etheridgo, Farivsworth, Ferry,
Floienc;, Foster. Fiench, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Gurley,
Halo, Hall, Hamilton, Hatton, Hawkins, Iielm ick,Hickman,
Hiudman, Howard, Hughe.-, Humphrey, Jnnkm, Fiancis
W. Kellogg, William KelIo<w, Kcnyon, Kilgore, Luriabue,
DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomiy, Lovejoy, Mallory, Mar^-
ton, Maynard, MoClernand, McKean, McKnight, Mcpher-
son, Laban T. Mooia, Moothead, Morrill, Isaac N. Moiris,
Morse. Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Olm, Pendleton, Peiry,
Pcttit, Potter, Pottei, Pottle, Reagan, Ilice, Kiggs, Christo-
pher Robinson, Itoyce, Rust, Schwartz, Scranion, Sedg-
wick, Sherman, Spauldmg, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stokes, Suatton, Tappan, Theaker, Tompkins', Tiam,
Tumble, Van Wyck, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladcr C.
Washburn, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson,
Wmclom, Woodruff, and Woodson—128.
NAYS—Messis. Bocock, Bonham, Boyce, Bnmch, Bur-
nett, Clopton, Cobb, Buiton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Ed-
mundson, Gainett, GartieU, Ilai'deman, John T.Harris,
Hill, Hoaid, Holuian, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,
Keilt, Lamar, Jaint^ M. Leach, Logan, Love, Mcdueen,
Mcltac, Miles, Million, Sydenham Moore, Noell, Phelps,
Pryor. Pugh, CAuarlcs, James C. Robinson, Ituffin, Sickles,
Stmms, William A'. H. Smith, Spinner, Staihvonli,
Thomas, Cndciwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Whiteley,
and Win lo\v—49.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. HILL stated that, not having an opportu-
nity to understand the merits of the bill, he voted
in the negative.
Mr. HOARD stated that, for the same reason,
he likewise voted m the negative.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mi. LEACH, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT ANTELOPE.
Mr. MALLORY. I was absent when my
State was called, and I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to nitioduce a bill to change the
name of the steamboat Antelope.
There was no objection, and the bill was read
a first and second time; and referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. MORSE. I ask leave to present a resolu-
tion.
Mr. WINSLOW. X rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up the report made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] from tho spe-
cial committee on alleged corruptions at elections.
Mr. MORSE. I have the floor. I offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
spectfully requested to communicate to this House, at the
oailio? piaetioable tunc, copies of all con)munirations and
conespondenec with toieigu Powers, and copies of all cor-
respondence with our naval officer and consuls on the
west coast of All ica, iclatmg to the subject ot the African
slave tiade, with tho Given said officers and
consuls not hrrotofoie sent to eithei flou.-e ot Congress; a
copy of the mstiuetion.s adopted by England and France
for the government ot then naval officers in idcntif\ mg the
nationality of ve-^ols siispeetod of being engaged in the
slave mule on the coast of Afnea, and communicated to the
Government of the United States, with a request to unite
with them in then adoption ; the number of slaveis taken
and sent to the United States by our African squadron,
specifying the number condemned in our courts as slave
tradeis. and not hereiofnie communicated, and the number,
if any, taken in ports of the United States before sailing
for the coast of Africa, or after their return fiom saideoaf t,
specifying the number condemned, the instructions given
to office)s of the United States m ports where slave traders
aie fitted out in reference to the prevention of the slave
tiade; and also all mfoimatlon of the President whether
any fmthei legislation is nvoess^ry to detect and seize ves-
sels fitting out foi .-hive tiade voyages in ports of tho United
States, and torthe punishment of persons engaged tlieiem ;
and any Information in possession of the Government
whieh will tend to show the extent of the Alriean slave
ttado, the mode of rallying it on, and the he- t and most
elliejent means of c*Urigiu- lung it.
Mr. BOCOCK. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Maine, I will insert in that resolution
a clause to this effect:
Al-o. that theie shall be communicated to this House, in
all cases where Amenean ve-^ols have been captured en-
gaged in the «iave tiade. where said vessel* were built, in
what puit fitted out,and by whom luted out-
Mr. MORSE. Certainly. Wc want all the
information we can get on the subject. I accept the
amendment as a modification of my proposition.
Mr. RUST. I ask the gentleman to have in-
serted in his resolution a clause calling for inform-
ation of the places of nativity and present resi-
dences of the commanders, crews, and owners of
vessels so condemned.
Mr. MORSE. I accept tho modification. lam
in favor of getting all the information possible upon
the subject before the House.
Mr. KEITT. As far as tho resolution has
developed itself, I will not object to it per se. In
order, however, that amendments should be put
upon the resolution properly, I suggest that it lie
over. If that be not agreed to, I must object.
Mr. MORSE. Then I move that the rules be
suspended, in order that I may introduce the res-
olution.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Maine
cannot do that, if the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Winslow] insists upon taking up the
privileged report to which he has referred,
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not enter-
tained that question.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair cannot avoid
entertaining it, if the gentleman from North Car-^
olina insists upon it. The gentleman from North
Carolina called up that privileged question before
this resolution was read. If he desires, he can
insist that it shall be now proceeded with.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is in order
before the House.
Mr. MORSE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
the gentleman from North Carolina cannot take
the floor on his privileged question?
The SPEAKER. That question will come
next in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very glad that the Chair
has adopted tho miller's rule—first come, first
served. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair takes the ground
that " sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
[Renewed laughter.] When the gentleman from
North Carolina presses lus point it will be time
enough for tho Chair to decide.
Mr. HOUSTON. I press it myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the resolution is in order.
Mr. KEITT. I withdraw tho objection. My
only object was to get the amendments in.
Mr. MORSE. I call the previous question
upon the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let the resolution,
as amended, be read.
The resolution, as amended, was read.
Mr. HINDMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. I move to amend by adding—
And also the cost pei annum, since the date of the Ash-
burton treaty, of maintaining the African squadron, the
number of slaves on board of captmed vessels, and the cost
of their support and leturn to Africa.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. MORSE moved to rcconsidcr the vote by
which the resolution was adopted;and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. Id esire to ask the consent of tho
House to set aside some days for the transaction
of tciritorial business. I would suggest Wednes-
day and Thursday, the 2d and 3d days of May.
But this does not refer to the question of the ad-
mission of Kansas, which comes up to-morrow.
No objection being offered, an order to that effect
was made.
Mr. WINSLOW obtained the floor,
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire, before the
gentleman from North Carolina raises his ques-
tion of privilege, that he will allow me to intro-
duce a bill for reference. 1 listened attentively
when the States weie being called, but I did not
hear Illinois called.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have no objection, if tho
House has not.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, then introduced a lull to repeal a part of an
act therein specified; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. MORRIS, oflllinois. I desire also to offer
a resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I objeet to the gentle-
man from North Carolina holding the floor and
farming it out in this way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot yield
the floor if it is objected to.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the President had approved and signed
