1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2587'
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I rise to a ques-
tion of order. If it is not in order for me to dis-
cuss the question, is it for anybody else?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not; and if the Senator makes the point of
order, the Chair will repeat his decision.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from New
Hampshire, I think, must have misunderstood me.
I withdrew the point of order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am on the floor, and
the Senator from New Hampshire makes it on me.
Mr. HALE. No; but i want the same rule
applied to all members; at least all on this side.
I do not care so much about the other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not aware that I
was proceeding out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire make a point of order
as to the Senator's right to proceed?
Mr. HALE. Oh no. I never did in my life,
and I will not begin now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As an excuse for myself,
I will say that the Senator from Wisconsin 'with-
drew his point of order; and if it was withdrawn
from the Senator from New Hampshire, I sup-
posed it let others in, and therefore I undertook
to make some inquiries about this matter. The
objection I have to this amendment, as it stands,
is, that it is indefinite in its expression. It is a
large sum of money—$25,OOO—for the purchase
of books; and the Senator from Mississippi must
see that, as presented, without an explanation to
us who do not understand much about the matter, it
necessarily leads i6 inquiry. I can very well con-
ceive—although, of course, everything I say on
this point is to bo said with the qualification that
I do not know anything about it—but I can very
well suppose that these books on tactics may be
very necessary and be very useful to the militia;
and I have no objection to making an appropri-
ation of the sum that may be necessary in order
to make that purchase; but I cannot conceive any
necessity for their having the Army Regulations,
or any necessity that they are under of purchasing
any considerable number—to say the least of it—
of these compilations of the laws. These com-
pilations cost considerable money; and I do not
know why we should undertake to instruct the
'militia in the laws of the United States. Thev are
to be found in every State, and they may study
them for themselves. I shall object to that as
going too far. I move, therefore, to strike that
out of the amendment, and then to reduce the sum;
but I do not know how much to strike down the
sum, because we have no information on the sub-
ject. I make the motion to amend, if the propo-
sition is open to amendment.
The*PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
was being taken; the ayes were counted on the
question of whether the amendment of the com-
mittee should be adopted; and the Chair thinks,
therefore, it is not now open to amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I will say to the Senator from
Maine and other Senators, that if they had been
i annoyed for the last five or six years as some
gentlemen on thisfloor have been, by applications
from captains and lieutenants and subordinate
officers for the works on military tactics, they
would be perfectly willing to vote this appropri-
ation. I believe it is necessary that it should be
voted. I believe that the military organizations
of the country need it. In regard to the Military
Laws, I have nothing farther to say except as to
the suggestion made here by my friend from
Maine. The A rmy Regulations are as necessary
as the tactics themselves. There are some things
contained in the Army Regulations that relate to
tactics, and which are necessary in order to ex-
plain them. As.to this compilation by Mr. Cal-
lan, I know nothing of it; but as to the tactics, I
think they are nccessary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have but a word or two
more to say. Everybody will bear witness that i
I very seldom trouble the Senate, and therefore I '
shall be excused on this matter. I do not ac-
knowledge the force of the argument used by my
iriend from Iowa, that because Senators are an-
noyed with applications for these books by per-
sons who wish them sent to them, ergo we should
appropriate §25,000 out of the Treasury to pay
for them.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say that Senators
were annoyed by such applications. No sucli
application has been made to me as a Senator;
but I said that the Senator from Maine and other.
Senators who were opposing this appropriation
would not do so if they had been annoyed as some
gentlemen on this floor had been during the last
six years. I referred to other officers, to gentle-
men who, in virtue of their being commanders-
in-chief of the armies and navies of their respective
States, were excessively annoyed by applications
for all kinds of military tactics. There is a very
great scarcity of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see that that
changes the argument nt all. I do not understand
the force of the argument.
Mr. GRIMES. It shows the necessity.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. There may be a neces-
sity; but the argument is, that because the Gov-
ernors of States are applied to annoyed by appli-
cations for these books, therefore the United
States Treasury should pay for them ! It does
not follow. It is a non seqiiitur. It is no argu-
ment at all for appropriating money out of the
Treasury.
Now, as I said before, if the committee will
give to understand distinctly what this is for,
what is to be appropriated for the different kinds
of books, and where they are needful, and for what
purpose, I will vote for an appropriation. But
as the amendment stands now, here are $25,000
appropriated for books in general, to be purchased
and distributed by the Secretary of War. My
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] tells
me aside that the committee came to the conclu-
sion that so many of one kind would be necessary,
and so many of another, and so many of another.
That may be all so; but when we nave appro-
priated the §25,000, and put it into the hands of
the Secretary of War, he is not bound at all by
anything that the committee may have thought in
reference to this matter; but he may apply the
whole of it for the purchase of Army Regulations,
or of tactics of one particular kind, or of this
compilation of laws that is got up. It will be
seen, therefore, that it is liable to very consider-
able abuse. If it was only a small sum, I might,
perhaps, not think it necessaiy to say anything
about it; but an appropriation so laige as this
£25,000 for the purchase of books for distribution,
really wants to lie regulated in a different manner.
I move to amend the proposition, by striking
out the Military Laws, and also the Army Regula-
tions, and by striking the sum down from $25,0QP
to $10,000. Otherwise, I must vote against the
whole proposition.
Mr. WIGFALL. One of the clauses of the
eighth section of the first article in the Constitu-
tion is in these words 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 'Allow me a moment. I
am informed, by several military gentlemen
around me, that the Army Regulations are very
necessary; and, as I do not pretend to know, I
will omit the striking out of them, and confine
myself 111 my amendment to striking out the Mil-
itary Laws and reducing the sum.
Mr. W1GFALL. The Senator from Maine
was informed of that before he made his last
speech.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, I am getting
information.
Mr. WIGFALL. You got it before you
spoke.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, the militia of the
United States now, I believe, amount to some four
or five million. If a military spirit is to be kept up
at all; if any organization of the militia is neces-
sary, it is important to provide for a thorough
system of discipline and drill; and the tactics
known to the Army, the Cavalry Tactics, the Light
Infantry Tactics, say Scott's and Hardee's Tic-
tics, are necessary to the militia. They ought to be
instructed in the tactics known to the service, so
that in an emergency they maybe ready for duty
at once. Such a system properly kept up in this
country would be worth millions. It cannot be,
unless we can have these tactics furnished to the
militia. They cannot be procured at present in
any State that I am aware of, to any extent. The
Army Regulations, too, are absolutely indispens-
able wherever the militia is kept up at all; and I
regard the Military Laws as just as necessary as
the Army Regulations. In all your frontier coun-
try, wherever troops are called out for the pro-
tection of the settlements, if the Army Regulations
can be had, and the forms used in the Army fur-
nished for making out rolls and making outre turns,
there would be a saving of thousands and tens of
thousands of dollars to this Government, and it
would be a very great convenience to the militia
called into service. All these books are necessary;
the tactics are necessary; the Army Regulations
are necessary, and the Military Laws are neces-
sary to the success of the militia, and I hope the
amendment as presented by the committee will be
adopted. It is a very small appropriation. I be-
lieve these appropriations are made rarely. I am
told that but two appropriations of this kind have
been made before. Perhaps another will not be
needed for ten or twenty years to come. Furnish
these books now; place them in the hands of the
militia, that a proper organization may be kept
up according to the Army Regulations, and accord-
ing to the Military Laws, and the drill according
to the tactics known to the regular service, and in
my opinion you have made no appropriation of
this amount of money that will be so profitable to
the country as this. I hope no change will be
made in it.
Mr. WILSON. Is the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Mains' to be ruled in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itcanonlybe
received by the unanimous consent of the Senate,
the question on the amendment of the committee
being in the state of being taken.
Mr. WILSON. ■ I suggest to the Senator from
Maine that he had better modify his amendment,
and not make any exclusion oftheMilitaryLaws.
I understand the Secretary of War has bought a
few copies of the Military Laws prepared by Mr.
Callan. It is not probable that more than forty
copies of that work will be required. It is a small
matter, therefore, and I think we had better say
nothing about it. I suggest to the Senator from
Maine to increase the amount fixed in his amend-
ment from $10,000 to $15,000; and I think it will
be generally agreed to. Let the amendment b«
adopted in the form reported by the committee,
but making the sum $15,000 instead of $25,000;
then the Secretary can buy a less number of books,
and another Secretary, at some other day, will call
upon Congress sooner for a further sum of money
for this very purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there is one pointof mis-
apprehension; and that alone I shall attempt to
remove, for I am as wjpary as the Senate can bo
of debating these amendments. The idea seems
to be that there is a discretion somewhere to ex-
pend the whole of this money on a particular kind
of book, or upon two or three of the whole num-
berenumerated. I think thatisnotso,andI think,
under the amendment, the purchase and distribu-
tion would be controlled by the Governors of the
States. It is to be done in the manner in which
arms arc now distributed. The manner in which
are they distributed is a settled, well-understood
thing. If a State wants all rifles, she asks for
them; if all muskets, she asks for them; if part
rifles, part pistols, and part field battery, she so
asks. As the requisition is made, so the issue is
made. Arms not manufactured are purchased,
where they are of a special kind to meet requisi-
tions. I think that must be the way in this in-
stance, and that the distribution will respond to
the requisitions of the Governors of the different
States.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I should have
been far better satisfied if the entire control of the
militia of the States had been left to the States;
but the Constitution in its wisdom has taken it
from the States. The Constitution provides in
the clause about to be read by the Senator from
Texas just now, that Congress shall have power
to provide for arming, organizing, and disciplin-
ing the militia; and although it reserves to the
States the power of appointing the officers, yet it
requires that the training shall be according to
the discipline prescribed by Congress. I never
heard of this proposition until it was brought in
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs; but I strongly suspect that it arose in this
way: Congress has power to arm the militia; it
has power to provide for disciplining the militia,
and for organizing them; and I take for granted
that, from various quarters, applications are con-
stantly coming to the Secretary of War to fur-
nish the militia in the States with the means of
organization and of being disciplined, E\S they are
furnished with arms by the Government._ The
Government furnishes them with arms, accord-
ing to my recollection, by an appropriation of
