1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
162$
an act (S. Wo. 146) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue registers to the schooners
Helen Blood and Sarah Bond, of Oswego, in the
Slate of Wow York.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (No.
172) concerning the courts of the United States in
the district of Arkansas; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
EXECUTIVE INFLUENCE, ETC.
Mr. WINSLOW. I now ask that the report
of the select committee, of which Mr. Covode is
chairman, be taken up.
Mr. HICKMAN. Before anything is done
upon that matter, I trust that the gentleman from
North Carolina will allow mo to make a report
from the Committee on the Judiciary upon the
matter of the President's protest to the action of
that committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object.
Mr. HICKMAN. It will take but a few min-
utes. I desire to have the report read and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WINSLOW. I must object to having the
report read to the House. I will not object to
having it printed.
Mr. HICKMAN. I suggest that the matter I
now desire to bring before the House is a matter
of the highest privilege. The Committee on the
Judiciary was authorized to report at any time;
and I desire to make that report now, to have it
read, to have an order made to print it, and then
to postpone the consideration of it until some fu-
ture day. It will take but a very few minutes,
and I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. WINSLOW. I know of no degrees of
privilege in this House. All privileged questions
stand upon the same footing. I am willing that
the report should be printed without being read.
Mr. COVODE. I suppose I shall be entitled to
the floor upon the matter called up by the gentle-
man from North Carolina. I will move to post-
pone .the consideration of the report, for the pur-
pose of allowing Mr. Hickman to get his report
111 to be printed. I move to postpone the consid-
eration of the report until Wednesday week.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 have the floor, and I call
for the reading of the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
gentleman has a right to have the report read.
Mr. COVODE. And then I will move to post-
pone it for a week.
Mr. WINSLOW. If the gentleman can get the
floor to do it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to a question of
order. I cannot hear a word of what is going on,
as there are some thirty or more members upon
the floor, all talking. I object to any further pro-
ceeding until the House is brought to Older.
The SPEAKER.. Gentlemen will preserve
order, and take their seats. It is very difficult to
hear, when there is so much talking in the room.
The point made by the gentleman from Georgia
is a good one, and we must have order. The
Chair is crying out " Order!" all the time.
Order being'restored, the Clerk read the major-
ity and minority reports.
Mr. WINSLOW took the floor.
Mr. COVODE. I was going to state that, as
this report 
Mr. WINSLOW. I cannot give way for any
motion.
Mr. COVODE. I can make a motion if I have
the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have the floor, and I can-
not give way to any motion. If the gentleman
wants to address the House, I will give way for
that purpose.
Mr. COVODE. I will address the House, and
then make my motion.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman cannot do
that. It would be taking an unfair advantage.
Mr. CLARK, of Now York. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. WINSLOW. I will yield to the gentle-
man from New York in a moment.
Mr. COVODE. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether it is in order for a minority of a commit-
tee to bring the majority report before the House,
thereby eontrollmgtheaction of the House upon it?
Mr. WINSLOW. I suppose it is the right of
anybody to Call up anything at his pleasuie. I
waited for the chairman of the committee to do
so; and, as he did not call it up, I took it upon
myself to do it, as I think I have the right to do.
Mr. COVODE. My object in postponing this
matter is to give an opportunity to Mr. Hickman
to get in his report. 1 am satisfied that the inves-
tigation upon that subject will cover this whole
ground. Therefore, with the leave of the gentle-
man 
Mr. WINSLOW. I cannot give way to any
motion.
Mr. COVODE. After having made inquiry, to
see whether this matter was going to give rise to
debate, and being informed that it would, 1 sug-
gested that I would move to postpone it to a day
certain, to allow Mr. Hickman to get m his report
from the Judiciary Committee. I am still satis-
fied that the report of the Judiciary Committee will
cover the whole ground covered by the minority
report in this case.
Mr. WINSLOW. The report of the Judiciary
Committee cannot possibly give rise to a question
at all similar to this.
Mr. HOUSTON. This question of privilege
involves the right of a witness.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a point of order,
and I wish to have it submitted to the House. It
is, that the minority of the committee have no
right, under parliamentary law, to make a report
and to produce the report of the majority and their
own at the same time, and ask the House to take
action on them. I raise the point, that this whole
matter is irregularly presented to the House, and
I ask the decision of the Chair upon it.
Mr. WINSLOW. The minority of the com-
mittee had leave to report on Friday, and this
morning was assigned for its consideration, as the
Chair will recollect.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had the floor,
and that when he made the report, it was post-
poned until to-day. And to-day it was competent
for the gentleman from North Carolina, or for any
other gentleman, to move to take it up; but when
taken up, I submit, the gentleman who made the
report of the majority of the committee is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. The Chair has assigned the
floor already to another gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It seems tome
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is entitled
to the floor whenever the report is taken up; and
I understand that he does claim the floor to make
a motion in regard to it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania claim the floor upon that ground?
Mr. COVODE. I do.
Mr. WINSLOW. How can the gentleman get
the floor when the Chair has assigned it to me?
Under what rule of the House is it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that,
under the rules of the House, the proposer of a
proposition is entitled to the floor whenever the
proposition is taken up, if he claims it. Such has
been the practice under the rules.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask for the reading of the
rule in regard to assigning the floor.
The Clerk read the 34th rule, as follows:
u No member tliall occupy move than one hour in debate
on any question m 1!ie House or in committee ; but a mem-
be i l-cpoitin^ the moa^iuc under consideration from a com-
mittee may open and c!o.:c ttie debate: Provided, That
wlieic debate ^closed by order of the House, anymembei
shall lie allowed, in committer, five minutes to explain any
amendment he may nfl'cr, &.c."
Mr. WINSLOW. That is not the rule I desired
to have read. I asked for the reading of the rule
in reference to assigning the floor to the member
first rising.
Mr. COVODE. It is under the rule which has
been read that I claim the floor.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Until a
member states for what purpose he rises, the
Speaker cannot tell whether lie is entitled to the
floor or not.
Mr. WINSLOW. The member stated dis-
tinctly that he rose to a privileged motion,and the
Speaker assigned the floor to hint.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad to
state his view of the question. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] addresses
the Chair, and says lie rises to a privileged ques-
tion. What that privileged questionis,it is-impos-
sible for the Chair to tell; but as the gentleman says
he rises to a privileged question, the Chair gives
liim the floor. It seems, then, that the gentleman
rises to call up a subject on which another gen-
tleman in the House, lias the right to open and
close debate. Now the question is, whether the
mere fact of the gentleman from North Carolina
fetting the floor under these circumstances can
eprive the gentleman from Pennsylvania of his
right, he being chairman of the committee that
reports the proposition. It is the decided opinion
of the Chair that he cannot be deprived of it. -
Mr. W ! IN SLOW. Suppose the chairman of
the committee does not choose to open the debate:
can nobody else speak ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, as the proposer
of the matter, is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit this as a matter of
fact and of order at the same time. Asl understand
it, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chair-
man of this special committee, reported this mat-
ter on Friday last, and had it, on hie motion,
postponed until to-day.
Mr. COVODE. No, sir; noton my motion. I
wan ted the question postponed till Thursd ay next,
for the purpose of letting Mr. Hickman's'report
come in, believing that it would cover the whole of
the legal grounds involved in this matter.
Mr. BRANCH. Then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, on Friday last, reported a measure,
and moved to have it postponed to a given day.
The fact of the House having overruled the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
fixed an earlier day, does not alter the case at all.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania submitted a
motion to dispose, temporarily at least, of the
question which he had brought before the House;
and I now submit to the Chair that the fact of his
having made that motion has satisfied the require-
ment of that rule which gives him the right to open
the debate. Ill parliamentary language, debate
does not mean the discusion of a question on its
merits, but it means the making of a motion to
dispose of it.
. _ I rise to- a question of order.
I am on the floor on a point
Mr. HATTON.
Mr. BRANCH,
of order.
Mr. HATTON.
I submit that, after the Chair
has decided the question, it is not in order for the
gentleman from North Carolina to debate it.
Mr. BRANCH. I submit to the Chair whether,
while I am on the floor on a point of order, an-
other member can rise to a point of order?
The SPEAKER. No, sir; not if the gentleman
is proceeding in order.
Mr. HATTON. 1 do not understand the gen-
tleman from North Carolina as making a point of
order. He, sir, is discussing the propriety of the
decision of the Chair already made, which, under
the rules, he has no right to do.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina will please state his point of order.
Mr. BRANCH. I have stated all that I wish
to state.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order. ^ ,
Mr. HATTON. If gentlemen wish to appeal
from the decision of the Chair, let them do so.
They have no right, in this manner, to be making
a debating society of the House, ^specially as there
is nothing before it to discuss.
Mr. WINSLOW. '
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER In the opinion of the Chair,
the chairman cannot be deprived of his right to
open and close debate on this question.
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Chair decide that
the motion to postpone is not the opening of
debate ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not received
any such point of order.
.Mr. BRANCH. The point of order thatl sub-
mitted was, that as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, on reporting this measure, moved to post-
pone to a day certain, he thereby exercised his
risrht to open debate.
"The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania claims that ho has a right to open the
debate; and while lie has the floor to do so, he
has the right to make whatever motion he thinks
proper.
Mr. WINSLOW. The Chair has not slated
my point; which is, that the floor having been as-
signed to a member, and that member occupying
it, it cannot be taken from lum. And then,allow
me to state, with all due respect to the Chair-
and I do entertain a great deal of respect for the
Chair—that it is exercising an extent of arbitrary
