256-8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
0,000 a year. The Government is just as
m'uch bound to provide for disciplining as to pro-
vide for arming them; and not only are the States
restrained from prescribing a form of discipline
for their militia, but it is required that they shall
be trained under the discipline prescribed by act
of Congress. I presume that is the whole expla-
nation; and I think, therefore, that the appropri-
ation is well.asked for, and ought to be granted;
because,, without it, this military arm of the Gov-
ernment must be rendered comparatively useless
and unavailing. I think the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, in proposing to put the sum at ten or
fifteen thousand dollars, puts it too low. I do not
know the cost of these books, but there are va-
rious of them for the different arms of the service
which have been mentioned by the Senator who
has charge of military affairs; and I presume that
the estimates have been carefully made in refer-
ence to the probable demand upon the militia of
the country. That is my view of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Maine to amend the amend-
ment, in this state of the vote, in the opinion of
the Chair, can only bo received by unanimous
consent.
Mi'- FESSENDEN. If anybody objects to it,
I have nothing further to say.
Mr. LANE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the Chair
will take the negative vote on tlio amendment of
the committee. The ayes having voted, the neg-
ative is now to be called for.
Mr. MASON. I would suggest to the Chair
that the Senate is more full than it was then; and
therefore we had bettor take the vote anew.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
so put the question.
Mr. WILSON. If the question is taken on the
original proposition, without any amendment, and
it is lost, there is an end of it. 1 would suggest
that, instead of requiring unanimous consentloa
motion to amend tne amendment, by unanimous
consent we consider the vote partially taken as
not taken at all, and start fair; and that, as we
have commenced taking a vote, and have had a
long debate, probably out of order, wo now, by
unanimous consent, consider that tin question
has been put to the Senate: and then wc can have
a ipotion made to amend the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is the amendment reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs. The Cluur
lias put the question to the Senate affirmatively,
and the affirmative vote has been counted. The
number of those voting in the affirmative was
twenty-one. It is suggested that as the Senate is
now fuller, it would be proper for the Chair to
put the question again to the Senate, and to ask
for the affirmative as we!! as the negative vote on
the question. The Chair will so do, unless some
Senator requests the contrary.
Mr. WILSON. Now cannot the Chair receivc
a motion to amend the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is under-
stood that the question has not been put to the
Senate, it is in order.
Mr. LANE. I object to any amendment.
The question being put, there were,on a divis-
ion—ayes 20, noes 14.
So the amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. DAVIS. I now propose to offer an amend-
ment, being the same which was debated at great
length when appended to the bill for the support
of the Military Academy:
For the support ot'one regiment of Texas mounted vol-
unteers, authorized by the act approved the 7th of April,
1858, $788,39-2 03.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On that, I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 16, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Beniamin, Bragg, Bright,
Hrown, Cfaesnut, Clmgman, Davis, Fitch, Fit/.patrick,
Green, Gwin, Hammond. Hemphill, Lane. Mason, Polk,
23* Sai"sbury> Sel>il«uin, Slidell, Toombs, and Wigfall
Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Boolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Iverson, King, Ten Eyck, and Trumbull—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment. It
is to come in as an additional section:
•And be it further enacted, That there be added to the
medical corps of the Army, four surgeons and four assist-
ant surgeons, to be appointed in accordance with the ex-
isting laws.
T will state to the Senate that this is recom-
mended by the Secretary of War, and by the Sur-
geon General. The Secretary of War, in referring
to the recommendation of the Surgeon General,
speaks of it as a necessity. That necessity, I
would say to the Senate, arises from the fact that
we have multiplied posts without relatively in-
creasing the medical officeis; and it has presented
a very remarkable instance of a corps having only
one, two, or three officers on leave of the whole
body of the corps, and that for some time past.
The multiplication of posts and of detachments
has created the necessity for employing civil as-
sistants. Citizens are hired to perform the duties
of surgeons, about whom the officers frequently
know very little, at equal or greater cost than the
maintenance of a surgeon, thus subjecting officers
and soldiers, who have a right to claim the best
medical assistance from the Army, to such assist-
ance as they may be enabled to get on the front-
iers, where they employ citizen surgeons. In the
report of the Surgeon General, as well fws in that of
the Secretary of Weir, these facts are all set forth,
showing that there is economy, as well as a better
provision for the duty, in providing proper medi-
cal aid for the troops by the increase which is
proposed, and which is a very moderate one in-
(lecd.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 21, noes
not counted.
Mr. DAVIS. I liextofferanamendmont,which
contains the items for the purpose of commenc-
ing and continuing fortifications, some of them
being additions to old works, and others of them
a continuance of the construction of works. We
have no fortification bill before the Senate, and no
assurance that there is to be one; and the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have, after careful exam-
ination, selected from the estimates of the bureau
of engineerssuch fortificationsas they thought re-
quired appropriations for the present year. I hope
the Senate will give their attention to the reading
of the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the following sums be,
and they aie hereby, appropriated out of any m6n<>v in the
Treasniy not otherwise appropriated, for the following for-
tifications:
Fort Montgomery, Lake Clianiplain, New York. .$20,000.
jjFort Knox, Penobscot Hay, Maine, $25,000.
Fort on liog Mund Ledge, Poitland liaibor, Maine,
$50,000.
Fort Wintlirop, Boston haibor, Massachusetts, $10,000.
Fort at the entrance of New Bedford harbor, Massachu-
setts. #2o.0U0.
Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Khorie Island, $5,000.
Fort Richmond, Platen Island, New York, $15,000.
Fort on the site of Foit Tompkins. Staten Island, New
Yoik, $50,000.
Additional batteries at Fort Hamilton, at the Narrows,
New Yoik, $100,000.
Fort Carroll, Baltimore harbor, Maryland, $100,000.
Foit Delaware, Delaware liver, $75,000.
Fort Monroe, Hampton Roads, Virginia, $5,000.
Artesian well at Fort Monro*, $fi,000.
ltepairms Government bridge over Mill creek, near Fort
Montoe, $500.
Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Virginia, $100,000.
Preservation ol' the site of Fort Macon, Beaufort, North
Carolina, $10,000.
Repairs or' Foit Moultrie, Charleston harbor, South Car-
olina, $8,500.
Foit Clinch, Amelia inland, Florida, §50,000.
Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, $100,000.
Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida, .$100,000.
Fort Mcllac, and preservation of site, Pensacola, Florida,
$25,000.
Fort Gaines, Dauphin island, Mobile Bay, Alabama.
$30,000.
Fortifications on Ship island, coast of Mississippi,
§30,000.
Foit Pike, at the Rigolet Pass, Louisiana, $1,000.
Fort Macomb, Chef Menteur Pass, Louisiana, $1,000.
Battery liienvenue, Louisiana, §3,000.
Fort Jackson, on Mississippi river, §16,000.
Fort St. Philip, on Mississippi river, $15,000.
Fortifications lor defense .of entrance into Galveston
haibor, $25,000.
Fort at Fort Point, San Fianeiseo, including outwoiks,
$50,000.
Foi tat Alcatraz island, San Francisco Bay, California,
$50,000.
Repairs and alterations of barracks, quarters, hospitals,
store-rooms, and fences at the permanent forts not occu-
pied by troops, $10,000.
Contingent expenses of fortifications, preservation of
sites, piotection of titles, and repair of sudden damage,
$30,000.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were, ordered
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Military Committee whether these are
estimates that have come from the Department?
Are they among the regular estimates?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I mean the estimates
which ware sent to Congress at the commence-
ment of the/session ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator even
something more than his question. They are the
estimates made from the engineer bureau; and
the Committee on Military Affairs called before
it the two officers in the engineer bureau, went
over all the items, rejecting- such as they consid-
ered might be postponed, admitting only such as
they considered necessary at this time, embracing
those works which were deemed absolutely essen-
tial to be prosecuted and accomplished before the
commencement of a war, and repairs of those
where small amounts are necessary, and which
will involve, if postponed, greater outlays.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had really this on my
mind. I do not desire, as a general rule, to vote
to any Administration that which they do not
want, and have not asked for. If they need this,
and say they need it, and it is within their esti-
mates, very well.
Mr. LANE. It is all estimated for.
Mr. COLLAMER. When I say "estimated
for," I desire to be understood. We have been
told by the Secretary of the Treasury that he can
get along with the Government so and so in re-
lation with his money, unless Congress makes
appropriations beyond the estimates. Now, I
want to know whether this is included in those
estimates. I do not wish that we shall take on
ourselves the responsibility of making additions
to them.
Mr. DAVIS. You wish to know whether the
annual estimates from the Treasury Department
covered this ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Exactly.
Mr. DAVIS. I think not.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then, according to his
statement,he cannotgeton with the Government,
unless ho gets more money in some way.
Mr. DAVIS. As a member of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and as a Senator, I pro-
pose to take the responsibility of seeing that no
damage comes to the Republic, whether the Sec-
retary of the Treasury recommends mv course •
or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Mississippi whether the Depart-
ment, the Secretary of War, has recommended
these appropriations ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; they are in the report
of the Secretary of War, being a report which he
sends in from tlie engineer bureau accompanying
his own report. The Secretary of War, I "think,
has cut down these estimates; but these items are
all in the estimates, I have handed the estimates
to the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. I may bo mistaken, but I
was under the supposition that these were in-
cluded in the aggregate $51,000,000 estimate.
Mr. DAVIS. The estimate of the Secretary of ^
the Treasury ?
Mr. HUNTER. I think so. If they are under
the amount estimated in the $51,000,000, I am
very willing to take the judgment of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; they are not under it,
I think. Six hundred and seventy-five thousand
dollars seems to be the amount contained in these
estimates, as I judge by the volume before me.
Our amendment is over a million—$1,141,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I should be very willing to
vote the amount estimated, as the Committee on
Military Affairs would distribute it. I would
defer to their judgment in that; but I cannot vote
to exceed the estimates of the Department. If
the Military Committee would distribute the sum
estimated, I would take their judgment about it.
Mr. DAVIS. If I had a fixed sum to distrib-
ute I should not hesitate to make the attempt.
The Senator perceives, however, at once, that I
could have no power so to act. I am acting now
under the advice of the committee. The com-
mittee have thought proper to continue all of the
items enumerated in the amendment. They dif-
fer somewhat from those in the estimates.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to ask, does the
amendment provide for the maintenance and con-
tinuance of the construction of works already ill
existence, or are there any new works proposed?
