604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
party shall be elected and placed in the Speaker's
phair. In the fear that my colleague ana myself
may not get our mileage and per diem here, the
Legislature of Texas is now appropriating $20,000
out of the treasury of the State, for the purpose
of defraying our expenses. [Laughter.]
I have made these remarks, Mr. Clerk, with no
improper feeling. I will make an additional re-
mark. Whatever has grown out of this personal
to myself, I esteem it of little moment. Many spec-
ulations, I am told, have been rife in this House
with respect to my political complexion. I will
take an occasion at an early day to leave no man
upon either side of the House in doubt as to
my position on any political question of the day.
The people who have sent me here have never
had any doubt about my position upon any ques-
tion which my mind has been brought to inves-
tigate. I apprehend those with whom I associate
here will know soon that I have no disguises.
Lot me say this to gentlemen on this side. If
we are to elect a Speaker, it cannot be done by
presenting a man whose views are in strict con-
formity with the views of each and all of us. Is it
not enough that you can get a man who loves and
reveres the Constitution and the country; who is
determined to maintain the Constitution, and to
resist those who resist its teachings, and those
who have been charged with a disregard of its
obligations ? If that is not enough, let us at once
despair of electing a Speaker of our side, and dis-
rupt the Government by preventing organization
by the election of a gentleman of the other side.
Again, Mr. Clerk, not so much for myself as
for the country, I sincerely thank every gentle-
man who cast his vote for me; for I know that it
was done much more for the country than for
myself. I vote for Mr. Bocock, of Virginia.
The result of the ballot having been announced,
Mr. WINSLOW said: I move that the House
again proceed to vote viva voce for Speaker; and
on that motion I call for the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS, Mr. ASHMORE, and others,
seconded the previous question.
Mr. McPHERSON. 1 would like to say a
word before the House proceeds to vote for Speak-
er. For a day or two, sir, I have contemplated
asking the attention of the House to a personal
explanation, and then to some general remarks.
Having been told of a supposed understanding
made last evening, I have, to a great degree, aban-
doned my design this morning. The gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Ckaic.e,] however,
has declared that there has been no general under-
standing that we shall only ballot, and that there
shall be 110 debate. If there be 110 such under-
standing, then 1 may, without objection, now or
after iho third vote for Speaker, proceed to sub-
mit what I have to say.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope all sides of
the House will conform to what was tacitly agreed
upon yesterday, and that neither side of the House
will indulge in debate. It was the understanding
yesterday that we should go on and vote for a
time. [Loud cries of " Vote!"" Vote !"]
Mr. McPHERSON. I am agreed to that. I
will interpose no obstacle to taking one or more
votes.
Mr. WINSLOW. The best way to carry out
that understanding is to go 011 to a vote. [Cries
of " Call the roll'."]
Mr. FLORENCE. I conceive that there can
be no objection to my colleague's making a per-
sonal explanation at this time. [Cries of " Call
the roll!"] That is not within the purview of the
understanding of yesterday, if I understand it.
Mr. McPHERSON. I do not desire to call
the attention of the House now to any remark.
What I propose is this: if the understanding be
not absolute, if it be desired that we should take
three ballots to-day, and after that any remarks
of a personal or other nature are 111 order, then I
should ask the attention of the House for a short
time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say for myself
that I have no understanding upon the suGject.
I have not troubled the House as yet, and do not
knowthat 1 shall do so; but,if I propose to speak,
I do not want it understood that I am violating an
understanding. I had no such understanding.
Mr. McPHERSON. If there was a mistake,
I want it corrected. I do not want f5 make a
speech in violation of any arrangement. [Cries
of "Vote!"" Vo e! "from all rndo* I
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, so far as
any understanding was concerned, that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge] could
certainly make no understanding that would bind
the Democratic party in this House.
Mr. HOUSTON. Or anybody else.
Mr. McQUEEN. I am very sure that I had
110 understanding; and I know of no gentlemen
around me that had. There is no binding obli-
gation upon me.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to make
a statement to the House, and it is this: that it
was suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee,
yesterday, that the House should vote for some
considerable time, taking at least three ballots a
day, without making speeches. To that sugges-
tion there was no objection at the time; but no vote
or minute of that fact was made upon the record
of the proceedings of yesterday, for the reason
that, while it seemed to be acquiesced in—no per-
son making any objection to it—the Clerk did not
feel authorized to enter it up as an order of the
House.
Mr. HICKMAN. Are we told that there was
no understanding had yesterday >
Mr. ASIIMORE. Certainly, there was 110
binding understanding.
Tho'CLERK. The Clerk meant to state that
the gentleman from Tennessee made the sugges-
tion, and appealed to each division of the House
that they would vote for a time, at least, without
debate; and at that, time there was no objection
made, and the House proceeded to a ballot. But
there was no order of the House made that there
should be 110 discussion,
Mr. HOUSTON. Hud an attempt been made
to make such an order, of course there would have
been objection.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I was not in the
House at the time the suggestion fell from the lips
of the gentleman from Tennessee. As I under-
stand it this morning, and as I understood it by
repetition to myself, I believe it to have been a
suggestion, in the wisdom of the gentleman from
Tennessee, made to the House at the time, and
to which the humor of the House at the time gave
its accord. Whether that humor of the House
shall be such now, or 011 any future occasion, as
to agree to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, is a question to be determined now,
or at the time it may arise. It seems to me the
suggestion of the gentleman from Tennessee has
that extent, and no more and no less. [Cries of
" Call the roll," from all sides.] We are ready
for a ballot. We do not interrupt the tacit under-
standing nt that time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to correct the in-
formation of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
John Cochrane,] touching the understanding of
yesterday. I understood the gentjeman from New
York to say that the humor of the House at that
time was that there should be no speaking, as sug-
gested by the gentleman from Tennessee. The
true statement of the case is, that the gentleman
from Tennessee simply made a suggestion. No
one upon this side of the House felt himself called
upon to interfere with the proposition simply
made by the gentleman from Tennessee; 110 one
caring anything about it, and no one feeling any
interest in it. He speaks for himself, and we
speak for ourselves. I apprehend that not five
gentlemen upon this side of the House had any
purpose of entering into an arrangement of that
kind. I should have risen at the time, if I had
thought the Democratic party was to be hound
.by the suggestion made by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think I have a clear con-
ception of the state of the matter as it was before
the House yesterday, learning, as I now do very
distinctly from gentlemen upon the other side, that
there was no understanding had which may not
be broken by the House at any moment, and that
they do not intend to be bound to a continuous
vote. I understand now the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Crawford] to say that he believes there
were not five men upon that side who would be
willing to be bound by any such understanding.
I therefore must object to a ballot.
Mr. WINSLOW. It is too late.
Mr. HICKMAN. It is not too late, as the
question has not been put to the House.
The CLERK. A motion was made by the gen-
i ileman from Morth Carolina [Mr Wi\t=;lOw] that
the House procecd to a ballot. Upon that the
previous question was demanded and seconded,
and the question nowis, "Shall the main question
be put?'
Mr. HICICMAN. As I understand it, this
question can only be put to the House by unan-
imous consent. The unanimous consent of the
House has not been had, and thQ calling of the
previous question will not preclude an objection
to a motion being put to the House, which is
clearly out of order. That is the ground upon
which I stand. That is the ground taken by the
other side of the House—by the Administration
forces here—that a single objection will interfere
with, and prevent a ballot. Now, this being en-
tirely out of order, the calling the previous ques-
tion, and the seconding it even, will not preclude
objection.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman from North
Carolina yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WINSLOW. I will.
Mr. HILL. It seems tome that there is a misap-
prehension upon this side of the House as to there
having been some agreement with the party friends
of Mr. Etheridge in what he said and did yes-
terday. I will say for myself that I never heard
a word of it until he spoke of it on the floor; and
I believe that is the case with a majority of the
party. There was no arrangement about it; but
I am sorry to see one thing upon this side of the
House, and that is the light regard paid to the
solemn assurance given by the gentleman from
Tennessee that if we would go on and vote three
limes a day for two weeks we should have a
Speaker. Now, I am not one of his bondsmen,
and I should hate to be bound in a serious pen-
alty for the fulfillment of his assurance. Yet 1 am
willing to try it, and I was in hopes, in common
with gentlemen all around me, that there would be
no more time spent here in discussion until we
had exhausted all reasonable chances of electing
a Speaker.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to address myself in
a few remarks to the point of order submitted by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man.] The point of order submitted by him is,
that if he raises an objection the House cannot pro-
ceed to vote now for Speaker. A motion was en-
tertained that the House will now proceed to vote
for Speaker, without a single objection being made.
The gentleman from North Carolina then called
the previous question, and it was seconded. Now,
wheneveramotion isin the possession of the Clerk
and stated to the House, and the previous ques-
tion callcd upon it and seconded, it is then there
by the unanimous consent of the House, and the
objection of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
therefore, was taken too late; he might aa well
make it to-morrow as now.
Mr. CRAWFORD. In reference to what fell
from the hps of my colleague, [Mr. II11.1.,] touch-
ing the statement made yesterday by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, I have this to say: that the
election of a Speaker of this House rests with half
a dozen gentlemen. The Democratic party has
its candidate, or can get. one; the Republican party
has its candidate, or can get one; the American
party have supported first one candidate and then
another. Half a dozen votes control this whole
question, and I can sec no particular reason why
we should be called upon by the gentleman from
Tennessee to come here every day for two weeks
and cast two or three votes daily for Speaker when
there is no probability of a result in the election
of a Speaker. If the half dozen gentlemen who
control the question will change their position,
they can elect a Speaker in an hour at any time.
Wc ran arrive at 110 result so long as they stand
out and vote against the three regular parties here;
but whenever those gentlemen shall make up their
minds to sclcct from the candidates of these three
parties, they can bring about an election, and not
until then. We have, therefore, nothing else to
do but to await their pleasure. Wc have to stand
still and wait until they get ready to make a choice
between our candidates. And while we arc thus
standing still, waiting for them to come to some
conclusion as to whom they shall cast their votes
for, I can see no objection to discussion. So far
as we upon this side of the House are concerned,
we have no objection to gentlemen upon the other
side discussing whatsoever they choose touching
the election of Speaker. We have pursued that
coiner 1Hi'v- Wi >t\ witfmtr to hear from
