182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
36th Cong. ... 1 st Sess.
Popular Sovereignty—31r. Montgomery.
Ho. of Reps.
be introduced Into the Territory contrary to the lex loci,
and, being introduced, nothing shall be done by the Lesas
lature to impair the rights of owners to boh! the slavt^ thus
brought contiary to the local laws, I certainly cannot vote
for it. In doing so I shall repeat as.un the expression of
opinion which I announced at an caily period of the ses-
sion."
Here we find the line distinctly drawn between
those who contended for the right to carry slaves
into the Territories and hold them in detiance of
the local law, and those who contended that such
right was subject to the local law of the Territory.
Pending the discussion which ensued, Mr.
Davis, at the suggestion of friends, modified his
amendment from time to time, until it assumed
the following' shape:
u Nor to introduce or exclude African slavery: Provided,
That nothing herein contained phn.ll 1>j construed so as to
prcvont said Territorial Legislature from passinssuch laws
as maybe necessary for the protection of the rights of prop-
erty of every kind which may have been, or may he hcic-
after,comformably to the Constitution of the United States,
Jjcid in or introduced into said Ten imiy."
To which,on the same day,Mr. Chase, of Ohio,
offered the following amendment:
" Provided further, That nothing herein contained shall
be construed as authorizing or permitting the introduction
of slavery or the holding of persons as propel tv wjilnn caul
Territory.''
Mr. LAMAR. What became of those amend-
ments?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. They were both lost.
Mr. LAMAR. I thought .so.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Yes, they were lost;
and this shows that Congress gave up the whole
subject of legislation to the Territorial Legisla-
tures.
1 have now shown incontestably that, by the
clearest language, the right not only to establish,
but to prohibit slavery, was conferred on the Terri-
torial Legislatures by the compromise measures
of 1850. i have shown it by the language of the
act; by the amendments offered; and also from
the lips of Clay and Davis. But 1 will not stop
there. I will show, further, that Judge Douglas
then maintained precisely the same doctrines he
maintains now; that he has not changed in the
slightest particular. Pending these amendments
Judge Douglas said:
"The position that 1 have ever taken has been, that thN,
and all other t/ue^tions relating to the dom< -tic affair and
domestic policy of the Territories, ou!?ht to he lett to the
decUlou o{ the people themselves; and that we ought to be
content with whatever way they may decide the question,
because they have a mueh deepei interest in these matters
than we have, and know much better what institutions
suit them than we, who have never been there, can decide
for tjhem. I would, therefore, have much pielerred that that
poition of the bill >houid luve remained as it was leported
from the Committee on Ten Stones, with no provision on
the subject of slavery, the one way ur the other. And 1 do
hope yet that that clause will l>" stnelcen out. I am satis-
fied, sir, that it gives no strength to ilie hill. 1 am witisfied,
even If it did give sttcugth to it, th.it it ou«hi not to tn>
there, hcenuse it is a violation ot pi inciple - a violation of
that principle upon wlneh we have all rioted oui defense
of the course we have taken on tins question. I do not see
how those of us who have taken the position \vu h.nc
taken—that of non-intervention—and have argued in Javoi
of the right of the people to lep-late for themselves on this
question, can support Mich a provision without abandoning
all the aigumenis which we used in the presidential cam-
paign in the year 1848, and the principle-* set forth bv the
honorable Senator fiotn Miehisan [Mr. Cass] in that letter
which ia known as the 'Niehol-on letter.5 We are ie-
quired to abandon that platfonn ; we are required to aban-
don those principles, and to stultify ourselves, and to adopt
the opposite doctrine—and for what.'' in order to say that
the*people of the Territories shall not have tuch institu-
tions as they shall deem adapted to their condition and their
wants. I do not see, sir, how such a p:ovision can be ac-
ceptable either to the people of the North oi the South.^
Upon the question how many inhabitants a
Territory should contain before it should be
formed into a political community with the rights
©f self-government, Mr. Douglas said:
"The Senator fioin Mississippi puts the question t« me
as to what numhei of people there must be m a Terutory
befotethis nsht to govern themselve?. aeeiues. Without
determining the piecise number, i will a^ume that the
right oujjht to accrue to the people at the moment they have
enough to constitute a government; and, sir, the bill assumes
that there are people enough theie to require a government,
and enough to authorize the people to ko\oui themselves."
*_ * k *■ u Youi bill coneodes that a represent-
ative government is necessary—a govern mention nded u pon
the principles of popular sovereignty and the right ot a peo-
ple to enact their own laws ; and for this rea-on you give
ihem a Legislature composed of two branches, like the
Legislatuies of the different States and Territories of the
Union. You confer upon them the right to legislate on *' alt
righyu! subjects of legislation,' except negroea. Whv ex-
cept negroes ? Why except African slavery ? if the inhab-
itants are competent to govern themselves upon all other
subject^, and in reference to ali^other descriptions of prop-
erty; it they are competent to make laws anddetcimine
the rela*wn  between husband and wife, and parent and
child, and municipal laws affecting the rights and property
of citizens generally, they are ^ompeteutabo to make laws
to govern themselves in lelation to slavery and negroes."
With reference to the protection of property in
slaves, Mr, Douglas said:
" 1 have a word to say to the honorable Senatorfrom Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Davis.] He insists that I am not in favoi of
protecting property, and thafhis amendment is offered for
the purpose of protecting property under the Constitution.
Now, sir, t ask you what authority he has for assuming
that ? Do i not desiie to protect property because I wish to
allow the people to pass such laws as ihey deem proper re-
specting their rights to property without any exception?
iie might just as well say that 1*am opposed "to piotectms
property in merchandise, in steamboats, in cattle, in root
estate, as to sav that I am opposed to protecting property of
any other description; for I desire to put them all on an
equality, and allow the people to make their own laws in
respect to the whole of them.3'
If these extracts are not sufficient, I will pro-
duce others. I can show that at leastsix times in
that discussion Jud^e Douglas reiterated these
same sentiments. The gentleman from Alabama
hassneenngly callcd Judge Douglas Vposition "a
new? dogma." It is at least ten years old. And it
is as old as the acts of Congress which first con-
ferred the power of legislation on the Territorial
Legislatures. It began then, and has been con-
sistently mantaincd by him ever since. 1 defy any
man to show that he has ever wavered or faltered
in its support, or that there is the slightest contra-
diction in Ins sentiments.
In 1852, after the passage of the compromise
resolutions, the Democratic naticmal convention
assembled at Baltimore and heartily and cheerfully
indorsed the whole series of compromise meas-
ures. The Whig national convention did the
same. We went into the contest, and elected Fierce
and King on that very platform. Wo were all
committed to it then; and we stand committed to
it now.
In 1854 the principle of non-intervention, as
declared by the compromise resolutions, was ex-
tended by the acts to organize territorial govern-
ments for Kansas and Nebraska. Let southern
gentlemen reflect, before they ask us to abandon
tin's important principle, what sacrifices the North
made to procure its adoption. By the Missouri
compromise, the .South had relinquished all right
to carry slave property into either Kansas or Ne-
braska. Both these Terutories, by that agreement,
were to be forever free.
You will tell me that the compromise was un-
constitutional. Be it so. Yet it was a compro-
mise, and even Mr. Calhoun had avowed his will-
ingness to carry it out. 11 was a compromise, and
you had received Missouri and Arkansas as your
share of it. We had not got ours. Dutwhenwo
could notextend thatcompromise line to the Pacific
ocean, and when we saw and felt the dreadful and
dangerous inilucnces of sectional slavery agita-
tion, we gave up these Territories to secure the
adoption of the important principle of non-inter-
vention by Congress in favor of or against slavery
in the Territories. We did it because we believed it
right. We did it because the best interest of the
nation demanded that the slavery agitation should
be withdrawn from the Halls of Congress, We
did it to restore peace and harmony to adistracted
country. Yet now our generosity and sacrifices
are forgotten by a little body of men in the South
who claim that it shall be made slave territory so
long as it remains m a territorial condition. " This
ianotinthe bond." We will not consent to it. We
will carry out the compromise and the principle as j
we made them; and the little band of ten or fifteen
interventionists at the South can neither drive nor
frighten us from our position. We act in good
faith m supportof these established principles, and
we ask the same in return.
1 will now proceed to show that the doctrine of !
non-intervention, as advocated by Jud^e DouCxLas !
in 1850, was extended and incorporated in the j
Kansas-Nebraska act of 1854. The committee, j
by whom that bill was reported to the Senate, in |
their report, say: j
" The principal amendments which your committee deein I
it their duty to commend to the favorable action of the Sen- I
ate, in a special leport, are those m which the principles j
established by the compromise measures of 1850, so far as i
they are applicable to territorial organizations, are pioposcd j
to be affirmed and carried into practical operation withm j
the limits of the new Territory. The wisdom of those -
measures is attested, not less by their salutary and benefi-
cial ejfctU hi allaying scctional o°itation and i estorinz pca.ce
and Iwrmnmj to an iri itated and distracted people, than by
the cordial and almost universal approbation with which they
hacej&en received and sanctioned by the whole coiuftry.
"lY the judgment of your committee, those measures
were intended to have a far more comprehensive and en-
during effect than the mete adjustment of the difficulties
arising out of the recent acquisition of Mexican teriijoiy.
They were designed to establish ceitain great principles,
which would not only furnish adequate remedies for exist-
ing evih, but, in alt time to comc, avoid the perils of a sum-
lui ablution, ly withdrawing the question of slavery from the
Halls of Congress and the political arena, and committing it
to the arbitrament of those who v:ci c bmnediatety interested
in and alone responsible for i£s consequences. \Vitft a view
of conforming their action to the settled policy of the Gov-
ernment, sanctioned ky the appioving voice of the Ameri-
can people, your committee have deemed it then duty to
iiKoipoiate and perpetuate, in their territorial bill, the
principles and spirit of those measures."
Here wc have the intention clearly avowed by
the committee that they intend, by the bill they
have reported, {<in all time to come, to avoid the
perils of a similar agitation, [that of 1850,] by
icithdrawing the question of slavery from the Halls of
Congress and the political arena, and committing it
to the'arbitrament of those who were immediately in-
terested, and alone responsible for its consequences."
Nor is this all; forjudge Douglas, as if tore-
move all doubt on the subject, and to place the
question beyond the possibility of controversy or
cavil, moved the following amendment to the bill:
'' That the Constitution, and all laws of the United States
which arc not locally inapplicable, shall have the same force
and cffect within the Teiritoiy as elsewhere within the Uni-
ted States. e\ecpi the eightn scetion of the act preparatory
to the admission of Missouri into the Union, approved
March 6,1820, which, being inconsistent with the puneiple
of non intervention by Congress with slaveiv in the States
and Tcriitones, as recognized hy the legif-intion of 1850,
commonly called the i eompiorfiise measures,1 is hereby
declared inopeiative and void—it being the true intent and
moaning of this act not to legislate slaveiy into any Teiri-
tor> or Htate, nor to ox< lude it therefrom, but to leave the
people thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution oi the United States."
This amendmenfwas adopted; and it should for-
ever silence those who contend that it was not the
intention of the Kansas-Nebraska act to commit
the whole subject of slavery legislation in the
Territories to ilie Territorial Legislatures. Look
at the language, and see how convincingly clear it
is: " It being the true intent and meaning of this
act not to legislate slavery into any State or Ter-
ritory." The word is legislate. No such miser-
able language as that when the people come to
adopt a constitution. Nothing of the kind. u That
is a new dogma;" the contemptible subterfuge of
wily, designing, ambititious politicians, aspiring
to the Presidency, and making bids for southern
votes. Congress was speaking of not legislating
slavery into or out of a Territory; and they used
the word which conveyed their intention. Cnn-
grSfcuj would not legislate for or against slavery; but
they would leave the people of the Territory per-
fectly free to legislate for themselves in relation to
their own domestic institutions, slavery included.
Mr. CRAWFORD. As the gentleman seems
to be discussing this subject m a spirit of fair-
ness and candor, I desire just at this point to sub-
mit my understanding of the power given by the
Kansas act to the people of the Territory, so that
he may answer it. When the bill first came
from tlic Territorial Committee, the words used
were, that they mightk< form and regulate their
domestic'institutions in their own way;" and un-
der that clause it was insisted by some that the
Legislature had the constitutional power to ex-
clude slavery from the Territory; by others, that
they had no such power; and as there existed this
difference of opinion touching the right under the
Constitution, and all sides being willing to be gov-
erned by that instrument, it was agreed to insert
the words subject only to the Constitution of the
United States.'5 Now, since the passage of that
act, our constitutional rights have been defined
by the Supreme Court; and being ascertained, we
hold that they ought to be recognized and ob-
served. It is "very clear that if they had then
been known, the words '4 subject to the Constitu-
tion" need not to have been incorporated in the
bill; but now that they arc settled by the decision
in the Dred Scott case, we think it strange that
this diffeicnce between our statesmen should still
exist, and that it should be insisted upon that the
Territorial Legislature has a power wnich is une-
