1860.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the American and the Republican parties, and
until those gentlemen who do control this question
shall make up their minds to settle it, I can see no
reason why we should not come up here and dis-
cuss all these questions, as we have been doing for
weeks past.
There has been no change in the vote taken this
morning. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] stands where he did before; no nearer an
election than he was before. The gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Hamilton] is no nearer an election;
noristhegentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock;]
nor the candidate of the American party. Where
then is the necessity of consuming time in taking
two or three votes daily when the whole question
rests with half a dozen men ? Why stifle discussion
when there is as much profit from that, at least,
as there would be from voting?
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Clerk, the House will
remember that I have not troubled it during its
sittings at any time, and I trust it will indulge me
now for a few moments. There has been a great
deal said this morning; and I have listened with
?reat attention to the gentleman from Georgia,
Mr. Crawforr.] He says that there is no ad-
vantage in voting, because the result of the vote
taken this morning shows that there has been no
change in the minds of individuals, which indi-
cates the probability of our arriving at a conclu-
sion with respect to this question now before us.
The gentleman then suggests that, inasmuch as it
is evident from that fact that there has been no
change, it would be better to*return to the practice
of discussion, in which we have been engaged for
the last two weeks. Now, I would submit it to
that gentleman, to the members of the Democratic
party, and to gentlemen upon all sides of the
House, if the experiment of discussion has not
eminently failed of producing concord or that union
which is necessary to enable us to elect? We
have discussed the various matters which are
thought to bo conncctcd with the election we are
attermjtmg to effect, for weeks; and, I am free to
say, I differ in opinion altogether from my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford;] and if the House
will allovj me, I will state the reasons upon which
that difference is founded.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Ifthegentleman will allow
me, I will simply say that he misunderstands
what I said. I did not say we ought not to vote.
I think we ought to vote, and take one or two bal-
lots each day; but that we should do nothing else
but vote, is what I object to.
Mr. TAYLOR. The proposition now before
the House is, that wo should proceed to vote. I
understood the gentleman from Georgia to say, in
terms—or, if not in terms, that was a fair infer-
ence from his remark—that the vote first taken
having produced no result, it was useless for us
to vote again, and that we had better return to
discussion.
Now, allow me to give expression to the only
view I wish to present to the House. It is per-
fectly certain that there is no party in this House
which can elect. It is also certain that there are
three parties upon one side of this House, which,
if they were to unite, could elect. It is also cer-
tain that there are principles on which those par-
ties agree, and that among the multitude of ques-
tions that have been presented before the American ;
people, for some time, there are but two, three, or ;
four points of difference between those parties.
My experience, my knowledge ot mankind, sat- ■
isfies me that the only way m which gentlemen
who agree upon a great number of questions, and ,
who only differ from each other upon some few i
points—the only way, I say, in which gentlemen
so situated can ever come together, is to refrain
from discussion. The only effect of discussion is ,
to give undue prominence to the few points of
difference, and the excitement which follows upon
discussion necessarily has the ellect of inflaming
the minds of those who engage in it until they
lose sight of all those points and questions upon
which they have a common opinion, and fix their
attention only upon those with respect to which
they differ. For this reason, it is my conviction
now, that the only way in which we can arrive at a
solution of the difficulties in which we find our-
selves involved, is to proceed to vote again and
agajn, in order that there may be an opportunity
to those persons who attach importance to great
principles—those principles on which they are
united, and all of which are antagonistic to the .
principles avowed and assorted on the other side
of the House—of coming together and seeing those
questions on which they agree, and losing sight
for the moment of those particular ones with re-
spect to which they differ. This will be the effect—
and the necessary effect—of the abandonment of
discussion, when men agree upon great principles
and only differ with respect to those of less im-
portance; and I, therefore, suggest thatwe should
proceed to vole.
Mr. WINSLOW. I believe I had the floor,
and gave way only for brief explanations.
Mr. SICKLES. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me a single moment?
Mr. WINSLO W. What is the question before
the House ?
The CLERK. The gentleman moved that the
House proceed to vote viva voce for Speaker, and
on that motion demanded the previous question.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hick-
man] rose to a point of order, and objected to the
motion.
Mr. WINSLOW. I did not understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvaiia as objecting, but
only as making a suggestion.
Mr. HICKMAN." No; I object to it.
The CLERK. The Clerk understood the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to object, and to state
as a reason that the motion was not in order at
this time. If the gentleman insists on his point
of order, it will be the first question for the House
to determine.
Mr. WINSLOW. Cannot it be submitted to
the House now ?
The CLERK. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the Clerk will now submit the point of
order raised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. On that question I ask the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HICKMAN. Before the vote is taken on
that question, I wish to call the attention of the
House to what I conceive to be the condition of
things,
Mr. WINSLOW. I make the point of order,
that the question of order is not debatable pend-
ing the execution of the order of the House; which
is, that the main question be now put.
The CLERK. The Clerk will remind the gen-
tleman from North Carolina that under the prac-
tice here since this House has been in session,
discussion has been carried on after the previous
question has been demanded, and before the main
question has been ordered to be put.
Mr. WINSLOW. But not on a question of
order arising incidentally.
■ The CLERK. The Clerk's recollection is, that
the other day when a motion was made to pro-
ceed to vote for Speaker, and the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio 
Mr. WINSLOW. I make an appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and gentlemen of
the House generally, to let this vote be taken, and
afterwards the discussion can proceed.
Mr. REAGAN. Let the gentleman from Ponn-
sylvaniaand his party put themselves upon record
as opposing a vote for Speaker.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am never afraid to put
myself upon the record. That, of all things, is
where I desire to be put, so that no person may
have any misunderstanding at all at any time in
regard to my position; for I have no opinion—not
one, not a political opinion—that I have ever en-
tertained that I am afraid to express and have
written down, so that it may stand forever.
Now, sir, the other day, when it was proposed
to proceed to a ballot under a resolution analogous
to the plurality rule, objection was made by the
Administration side of the House that such a bal-
lot was out of order, and that 110 ballot could be
had except by unanimous consent. It is upon
that expression I ground myself.
Mr. REAGAN. Let me interrupt the gentle-
man for the purpose of a correct understanding.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 prefer to go on and say
what I have to say. I may be wrong. If I am,
the gentleman can correct me when I get through.
The argument was used at that time, Mr. Clerk;
when discussing the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Hotchins,] tlmtasimple
ballot could not be had atany 'time except by the
unanimous consent of the House. In that ex-
pression of opinion I fully concurred at the time.
I believe it to be a sound conclusion, and I stand
upon the force of that conclusion now. I do not
object to a ballot in itself, but I object to its being
had now; because I know, agreeing,as I do, with
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,]
that it can produce no beneficial result at this
time.
How does the matter stand before the House
on the question of order which has been- raised?
for to that I wish especially to direct my attention
at this time. Suppose the House should vote that
it is in order to take this ballot, then we stultify*
ourselves, all of us—both sides of the House-—
because the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Ohio has been objected to, as not being in-
order, for the reason that other things stood upon
the Journal which had precedence. The Admin-
istration side of the House would stultify'itself,
especially, for the reason that they have declared
that no ballot could be taken except by unani-
mous consent, and that unanimous consent cannot
be had at this time. I say, therefore, that this
point of order is well taken, and it must, in mjr
judgment, be sustained; for, if not sustained, it
leaves us in this position exactly—of having felled
to sustain the resolution offered by the gentlettian
from Ohio, when it was as much m order as it is
in order now to proceed to take another ballot.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Clerk, I do not undertake
to speak for any side of thisHouse. Ionly wantto
reply to facts just put forth. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania attempts to place this side of the
House in the position that it is committed to the
proposition thata vote for Speaker cannot be taken
without unanimous consent. I will not undertake
to debate that particular question. For myself, I
am not committed to such a proposition. The
question which arose, and upon which the point
of order was made, was not upon a simple motion
to proceed to vote for Speaker, as the gentleman
and the House, on reflection, will recollect. There
has been no objection of that kind raised upon this
side of the House, of which I am informed. The
objection was to proceeding to the adoption of the
plurality rule; and that objection was made upon
the ground that theuniversally acknowledged prac-
tice in deliberative bodies was that the first busi-
ness shall receive the first vote. I need not refer
to the rules of the House on that subject, for, sir,
in our present condition, they cannot be invoked
to our aid. We are necessarily governed byjthose
parliamen tary rules which apply to an unorganized
assembly like ours. One of them, sir, is that the
first question in order shall be first voted on.
And I make a distinction right here between
the question 011 proceeding to a vote for Speaker
and a question relating to something else than a
vote for Speaker. I presume that no one on this
side of the House will object to a plain vote for
Speaker at any time. What we desire is, that if
we go away from a plain vote for Speaker to the
plurality resolution, or to the transaction of any
other business than the vote for Speaker, we shall
take up the business in the order in which it stands
upon the Clerk's desk. If we do that, we insist
that the plurality rule and the first question of
order are preceded by two other motions, upon
which the previous question has been demanded,
namely, the resolution of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Ci.ark] and the substitute of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.]
Those two measures, independent of a plain vote
for Speaker, stand upon the same ground, as I un-
derstand it, that any proposition does that looks
to the adoption of a plurality rule precedent to a
vote for Speaker. Therefore, that rule has no
higher claim to the attention of this House, no
higher claim to a vote of this House, than any
measure presented by a member having any rela-
tion to the election of a Speaker. If I am correct
in that, the gentleman is mistaken m fact when
he supposes that we object to a vote for Speaker.
The truth is, that we only object to a vote on the
plurality rule, until precedent questions, having
as good a title to a vote as it has, are disposed of.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman from Texas
does not understand my ground exactly—at least,
he does not state it clearly; and, sir, I do not know
that I did myself. The state of my health is so
infirm, this morning, that I fear my thoughts are
somewhat confused.
This is the point I made, and I will state it
in a few words: when a resolution was offered,
the other day, by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Hittchins,] that the House proceed to a ballot,
