1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MttjjPA-VIS. There is no new work. There
arc some two water-batteries to be added to old
works. That is all which can be called new in
any sense. The rest is the continuance of con-
struction. The amount exceeds the sum in the
estimates before me, and is subject, therefore, to
the objection made by the Senator from Virginia,
and suggested by the Senator from Vermont. The
Secretary of the Treasury presents estimates for
$675,000; we ask for over a million.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am one of the com-
mittee that examined very particularly all the
items embraced in the amendment, and I gave it
not only my support, but my cordial concurrence'.
Whilst I am willing-, on all ordinary occasions, to
adhere to the estimates made by the several heads
of Departments, like the Senator from Missis-
sippi I claim to judge for myself, as a Senator,
what is due to the public interest. This amend-
ment is not offered at random. It is based on the
estimates of the most intelligent engineers we have
in the United States, whose duty it was to exam-
ine into this matter and to repoit the facts to the
President. The Administration, however, w<?re
disposed to economize, and fixed a certain limit
beyond which they were unwilling to go. If you
look into the estimates of the officers having charge
of these fortifications, you will find that they are
almost three times as large as the amount the
Administration recommended. For the purpose
of economizing, and showing Congress that they
wanted to fall within certain limits, the Adminis-
tration required the engineers to make an arbi-
trary estimate, without rhyme or reason, to come
within a certain limit. In doing that, the amount
was cut down to $675,000. In making that arbi-
trary reduction, they left some of the most im-
portant works on the coast entirely at the mercy
of the elements; everything to be disbanded, and
not even a dollar to be appropriated for the pres-
ervation of the works.
"We had a little experience on this subjectatthc
last session of Congress. The great cry then was
that we had no money, and that we must not ap-
propriate anything; and really some of the most
valuable works on the Gulf of Mexico were left
without an appropriation of a solitary dollar in
the bills as they came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, in accordance with the estimates of the
Departments. The fortifications at Key Westand
the Tortugas were left without the appropriation
of a single dollar, thus leaving open the very key
to the Gulf; and we were told then, by the vigilant
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that if we
Eut that appropriation upon the appropriation
ill, he did not know where the money was to
come from. Well, sir, we put upon the bill an
amendment very similar to this, and the Govern-
ment has survived the shock, and the works have
been regularly in progress.
Now, 1 do not impart very givat credit and in-
fluence to the recommendations of the Depart-
ments when they call on intelligent engineers to
make an estimate coming up only to within one
fourth of what was estimated in the first instance,
and to fall within an arbitrary limit, and to say
you must carry on the service for a certain sum
without reference to the public interests, and turn j
everything loose to the mercy of the elements to j
be destroyed, costing the Government, in the end,
more money really than the amount of a proper
appropriation now.
That was the sense of the committee, and I be-
lieve I shall be borne out by every Senator on the
committee. I believe the same state of afFairs ex-
isted in Congress at the last session, and then
there was a greater cry for money than there is
now. I know that there are works which, if left
without an appropriation to drag along m their
present condition, will, at the end of another year,
be in such a condition that it will cost half the
amount of the appropriation to put them in the
position in which they now are, and repair the
destruction that will have taken place.
Hence, although I am disposed, on all occa-
sions and at all times, to pay the most profound
respect to the intelligent officers who make these
estimates, from the President down, when they
act on reasonable principles and on a proper
basis, yet when they command the scientific offi-
cers whose duty it is to look to and watch over
those works to cut down their estimates from
#3,000,000 to a nominal sum, and say to them
that they must fall within a particular limit,leav-
ing the most important works of the country un-
protected, I say that, as a Senator, and as one
whose duty it is to guard the interests of-the coun-
try, I will not consent to it; but I am willing to
vote for all appropriations necessary to promote
the public interest.
Well, sir, what have we recommended here?
We have called these officers before us, and we
have asked them if these works were not essen-
tial. We have asked them what will be the con-
sequences of a failure to appropriate the money;
and then they said to us that we have not come
near the limit which they themselves would im-
pose; but,lookingto economy, looking to the in-
terests of the country, the committee unanimously
recommended these appropriations. I say to the
Senate that if you do not make them the public
interest will suffer.
Mr. WILSON. A single word in regard to
this matter. The officers of the Government, of the
proper bureau,recommended an appropriation of
between one million nine hundred thousand and
two million dollars for fortifications for the com-
ing year. The Secretary of War reduced this to less
than seven hundred thousand dollars in the esti-
mates sent in. The committee took this matter up;
and as the appropriations last year for fortifications
were cut down to a very small sum, they sent for
Colonel Dc Russy and Colonel Wright, who came
before the committee and explained the condition
of the fortifications in all portions of the country.
The'committee took up the condition of every
fortification, made all the investigation it could,
and agreed to appropriate what it thought was the
smallest sum the public interest required should
be appropriated for the coming year. That sum,
I think, is about one million two hundred thou-
sand dollars—something like seven or eight hun-
dred thousand less than the engineer bureau rec-
ommcnod, but larger than the Secretary of War
estimated for. I hope that the Senate will sustain
this amendment, which has been reported by the
concurrence of ail the members of the committee
who were engaged in this investigation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish merely
to state, before the vote is taken, that I have paired
off with the Senator from California, [Mr. La-
tham.] If I were at liberty to vote, I should vote
against the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, i
resulted—yeas 30, nays 10; as follows: ' „
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard,Benjamin, Bigler,Bragg, Brown,
Cameron, Chosnut, Clingman, Collamer, Davis, Dooijttle,
Fessenden, Fitch, Fiupatuck, Fosu:r, Green, Grimes,
Gwin, Hamlin, Hammolhd, Hemphill, Iverson, King. Lane,
Pearce, Rico, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Wigfall, ami Wilson
—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Dixon, Hale, Har-
lan, Ilunter, Polk, Ten Eyek, Toombs, and TiumbuII—10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is:
That the allowance of sugar and cofToc to the non-com -
missioned officers musicians, and piivates of the Army, as !
fixed by the seventeenth section of the act of the 5th of I
July, 5838, shall herealter be ten pounds of cofiVe and fit- I
teen pounds of sugar to every one hundred rations. !
When the spirit ration was taken from the sol-
dier, he was given coffee and sugar in lieu of it—
six pounds of coffee and twelve of sugar to every
one hundred rations. It appears, by a letter of the
Secretary of War, that this is found insufficient,
particularly where the men are much exposed. It
is proposed in the amendment, according to the 1
recommendation of the Department, to substitute
ten pounds of coffee and fifteen of sugar for the
amuunt they now receive. j
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The next ame-idment is: j
Jindbcxt further eiiacted, That every person not subject !
to the rules and articles ot war who shall procure or entice |
a soldier in the service of the United States to deseit; or j
who shall harbor, conceal, or give employment to a de- 1
setter, or carry him away, or aid m carrj Lug him away, :
knowing him to be such ; or who shall purchase from any j
soldier his arms, equipments, uniform, clothing, or any part 1
thereof; and any captain or commanding otneer of any ship '
or vessel, earrv mg away any «-uch soldier, as one of hi^ :
crew or otherwise, knowing hun to have deserted, or shall .
retuse to deliver him up to the orders of his commanding ,
officer, shall, upon legal conviction, be fined, at the discre- ;
Hon of any court having cognizance of the same, in any j
sum not exceeding five hundred dollars, and be imprisoned i
not exceeding two years. j
The amendment was agreed to. j;
Mr. DAVIS. The next is:
And be it.further enacted, That the provisions of the first jj
section of the act granting pensions to the widows and or- r
phans of persona dying in tbe naval service, approved Au- p
gust 11,1848, be extended to the widows and orphans of
officeis, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and- sol-
diers of the Army of the United States. ;
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have^the yeas
and nays on that. That is to add very largely,
as I understand, to the pension system.
Mr. PEARCE. I am not willing to vote for
the amendment for several reasons. We have a
system of naval pensions, established since I came
into the Senate, which has been very much per-
verted by the constructions given to it. If we
adopt the proposition now offered, we shall have
the same perverted constructions applied to that.
We know that the naval pensions were given, and
expected originally to be paid, out of the Navy
pension fund. It was made up of portions of the
prize'money of captured vesselsand cargoes. All
contributed to this pension fund; and out of that,
for a great many years, we paid all our naval
pensions. Congress, in 1837, by an extravagant,
unadvised, and, I think 1 may say, profligate act,
wasted the whole of tha£ fund in the space of one
or two years. Then they thought themselves
bound to pay the Navy pensions. Inasmuch as
they had wasted the fund, diverted it from'its
true purpose, by their own act, it was thought
that Congress were bound to replacc that money,
and continue to pay the naval pensions, as they
had done before. So we have continued. Since
I have been in the Senate of the United States,
the Committee on Naval Affairs reported a bill
which was intended to establish a system of Navy
pensions. They intended to give pensions to the
widows of those who were killed in battle; to the
widows of those who died of wounds received in
battle, or of casualties incurred in the course of
service; and, of course, to invalids. But this law
has been perverted by the practice of the office,
and by the action of Congress, very often. They
now give pensions, I believe, to the widow of
every man who dies of any disease contracted
while he is engaged in duty. They call that being
in the line ofduty. The Navy pensions, of course,
increased greatly under that system. There is
very good reason for giving apension to the widow
of a man who has lost his life in the service of his
country in battle, or by reason of any casualty;
but he who dies in the full fruition of the honors
and emoluments of his profession, not because he
has been exposed by his service to some casu-
alty—as the falling of a block from the mast,
which fractures his skull; or the yellow fever or
African fever, incurred by his being sent on spe-
cial service to the coast of Africa—he who dies
m the ordinary course of nature, his disease not
being due at all to his service, but being the re-
sult of that liability which belongs to the whole
human race—why should his widow have a pen-
sion ? That will be the rule if we apply it to the
Army; jnd God only knows what will be the
amount of expense chargeable on the revenues of
the Government if we adopt it.
Besides, sir, I think that a new pension system for
the Army ought not to be the subject of an amend-
ment to the Army appropriation bill. It does not
seem to me to be a proper occasion. We want
more time to consider it, to see how it is to work,
to calculate all the expense. We have a great
many more officers 111 the Army than in the Navy;
and 1 apprehend that the cost will be much greater.
I think it ought to be reserved foranother session
of Congress, when we shall have time to consider
it thoroughly.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, a bill containing
the provision incorporated into this amendment
was reported by the Committee 011 Military Af-
fairs some time ago; and on an objection of one
member of the Committee on Pensions, it was
referred to the Committee 011 Pensions. I do not
know whether it has been reported back. The
chairman, however, told me it would bo, and that
the Committee on Pensions concurred in it; so
that it is notsuddenly presented to the viewof the
Senate. It has been brought before the Senate in
such form as to give them full time for delibera-
tion.
In the next place, as to thediffercnce of funds,
I will merely say that the Navy had the advant-
age of prize money, but the Army, by a very hu-
mane, and perhaps judicious, view taken by our
Government, were excluded from pillage money;
and the property, public stores, and money, cap-
tured by the Army, at various times, has greatly
exceeded that taken by the Navy. In the war
