2570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
.with Mexico alone, the captures of public prop-
erty would have exceeded all the pensions which
have been paid since, or that would be paid,
under this amendment, to the Army. It is known
to the Senate, that we arc always passing special
bills: that one after another is enacted Where
ever a widow has friends who will advocate her
case, that ease is acted upon as a private bill.
This is merely to equalize justice, which should
be brought down always to tlie level grade, to en-
able those who have no friends, to receive the ad-
vantage- now contributed, I believe,m every in-
stance to those who have, to put the widow of
the soldier on the same footing as the widow of
the sailor, If the laws have gone to excess, if
their construction be against the spirit of the laws
in the case of the Navy, that certainly should be
remedied; and that remedied form should have
its application to the Army. But I think the dis-
tinction is without a difference, or, if there be a
difference, it is in favor of the Army instead of
the Navy, yet the practice is to give the pen-
sions to the widows of the Navy, and to exclude
f the widows ©f the Army. It is this discrimina-
tion that I consider unjust, which has induced the
committee to present the amendment in the form
in which it now is; so as to put them under the
eame legislation, and to give to one the advantage
which the laws accord to the other.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is:
Jlnd be it further enacted. That the Secretary of War be,
arid he is hereby authorized and directed, out of any money
in Km Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay to the
State of Iowa such sums of money as were paid by that
State to tioops called out by the Governor of lowani 1857,
1858, and 1&59, to protect the frontier from Indian incur-
sions: Provided, The Secretary diall be satisfied that there
was a necessity for calling out these troop?; that the
amounts have been actually paid by the State; that no
greater pay or allowance be given than were received by
officers and soldiers of equal grade at that period in the
United State* Atmy, and that the amount so to be paid shall
not exceed the s um ol $18,1188 84.
The case, as presented by the State of Iowa,
has been audited by the public officers of that
State, and arises in the Senate on a memorial from
theLegislature of the State of Iowa. The vouchers
are here. The amount is that which is stated as
the limitation. The accounting officers, of course,
will require that each payment shall be properly
vouchcd. The case is before the Senate.
Mr. RICE. If 1 heard the amendment rightly,
I think there is an error in the dates It think it
says 3858 and 1859.
Mr. GRIMES. 1857, 3858, and 1859.
Mr, RICE. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 now offer an amendment in
the case of Texas, similar to that just adopted m
the case of Iowa:
Jlnd be if further enacted, Thai the pi ovision.s of the sec-
ond section ol Hip act of the 3d of March, 1859, he ex-
tended, so as to include all the money advanced by the
State of Texas m payment of volunteers called out in de-
fense of the frontier of that State, since the 28th of Feb-
ruary, 1855: Provided* The Secretary of War shall be satis-
fied thauhcre was necessity for calling on t these ti oops, that
they were cullcd out by the competent authority, and that
the amount to claimed was actually paid by the *aid State.
And that the amount hereby provided for shall not exceed
the .sum of §123,5-14 51.
This arises as the other case, and similar
vouclicrs are sent here by the accounting officers
of Texas. These cases are parallel.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate will be glad to hear
that I now offer the last amendment of the com-
mittee;
Jlnd be it further enacted. That tho professors now attho
Military Academy who have been appointed fiom the engi-
neer corps shall, with their consent, he je^toied to their
formet corps, with the grade and tank to which they would
respectively have tuceeeded had they remained continu-
ously in the line of promotion • Provided, That two majois
be added to the said eoip^, and that the officers lestoied as
above shall be appointed by the President, hy and with tho
advice and consent of the Senate.
This is to give effcct to the second section of
the act of 1812. The act of 1802, the organiza-
tion of the Military Academy underMr. Jefferson,
made it the headquarters of the engineer corps.
It was found in the progress of the Academy,
that it was necessary to take a few teachers from
civil life. At a subsequent period, on the 29th
of April, 1812, an act of Congress provided for
professors who should be officers of the engmeci
corps and those who should not be officers of the
engineer corps. Thus it was in contemplation
that, so far as the engineer corps furnished pro-
fessors ofthe Academy, they should remain mem-
bers of that corps; but if professors were taken
elsewhere than from the engineer corps, then
they were to have the salary fixed by the second
section of tho act of 1812. In two cases, it has
arisen thatengineers, now professors at the Acad-
emy, had, when they were made professors, to
resign their position in the engineer corps, I think,
by ai) erroneous construction of the act, which,
if the Senate choose, I shall have read. One of
$hem protested against resigning, but the Depart-
ment required him to do so. He claimed his
right, under the act of 1812, to the professorship,
without giving up his position in the engineer
corps.
Without going into the reasons which induced
the bureau to give that construction, it is enough
to say that the construction has been given, and
under it the two officers alluded to, now profes-
sors in the Academy, who were taken from the
engineers corps, had to resign their commissions
in the engineer corps, and lost their right to pro-
motion. The object is to restore them to the corps
in the places they would have had if they had con-
tinued in the line of promotion; and that no injury
may be done to any one else in the corps or out
of it, we cover tho case by adding two majors to
the corps of engineers.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 22, noes 9; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. ["Oh, no."] I think we cannot get
through with this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better ad-
journ. We cannot get through with the bill, and
we shall only wcaryourselvesby sitting longer.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 11, noes 21.
So tho Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
amendment. ✓
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the Senator from
Mississippi a question, and that is, whether these
men, when they were appointed professors and
resigned their commissions in the engineer corps,
did not do it undeistandingly ? Did they not know
that was the construction of the law, and enter
upon this position advisedly?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 can only answer as to one with
whom I had a recent conversation. He said he
did not consider his acceptance of the appoint-
ment as professor as vacating his commission as
a lieutenant of engineers, and that he objected to
the resignation on that ground. Finally, he re-
fused to resign, and being further urged, he sent
in his rcsignatiQn of the two commissions to the
chief of the enginceis, and told him to send which-
ever one he pleased to the War Office. He sent
the resignation for the lieutenancy of engineers,
and returned to the officer the resignation of the
professorship. He spoke of it with regret that
he did not remain in the corps.
Mr. GRIMES. How long ago was that?
Mr. DAVIS. Since he resigned? I should
think twenty years.
Mr. HALE. I think this is too late to rectify it.
Mr. GRIMES. How many majors of the en-
gin< er corps does this make?
Mr. DAVIS. It adds two.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Military Committee that, if the object
is simply to do justice to these men, it might be
restricted so as to provide that the vacancies shall
not be filled when they die.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, they do not intend to die.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TOOMBS. "I believe they do not. There
seems to be a sort of immortality connected with
almostanybody quartered on the public Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to renew the mo-
tion to^djourn. There are a good many other
amendments to be offered after tho Committee on
Military Affairs get through with their amend-
ments; and it must be obvious that the chairman
of that committee does not want to stay here any
longer, and cannot very well, consistently with
his health and the very great labor of the com-
mittee. I make the motion on his account. I do
not think we ought to push too far.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE
Saturday, June 2, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
CALL 03? THE HOUSE.
Mr. PEYTON. There being no quorum pres-
ent, I move there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; when the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Thomas L. Andeison, Ashley, Asbmore, Babbitt,
Barksdale, Beale, Blair, Bocock, Bouhgny, Brabs>on,
Branch, Brown, Burroughs, Horace F. Clark, Clemens,
Clark 13. Cochrane, Confchngr, Cox, [J. Winter Davis, De
Jarnelte. Dimmiek, Duell. Edwards, lily, Florence, Fouke,
Frank, Garnett, Gilmer, Gooch, Giahain, Hale, Harlan,
Hawkins, Hill, Ilindman, Holman, Wi'llum Howard,
Hutching Jenkins, Junkm, ICeitt, Francis W Kellogg,
Killing^!, Lamar, Larrabee, Leake, Longnecker, Love,
Lovejoy, Mallory, Chailes i). Martin, Elb'eit 8. Muitin,
McCIcinaud, Mc(iueen,MeRne, Milcn.Millson, Millwaid,
Montgomery, Moorhcad, Morrill, Edward Joy Morns, If-aac
N. Moms, Morse, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Pciry, Pugh, i'iea-
gan, Ru&t, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Siekle«, fciimms,
Singleton, William N. II. Smith, Somes, Stallworth, Ste-
venson, Tappan,Theaker, Undei wood, Vallandieham. Van
Wyck, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Israel Wash-
burn, Wilson, Wood, and Woodruff.
During the call,
Mr. EDGERTON stated that Mr. Cox and
Mr. IIutchins had paired off with each other for
a week.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that Mr. Blair, had been
called home by the serious illness of a member of
his family, and that he had paired off with him.
The call of the roll being concluded,
The SPEAKER stated that a quorum had an-
swered to their names; and then, by unanimous
consent, all further proceedings under the call
were dispensed with.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL, ETC.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a privileged
report, which will occupy the time of the House
but a moment. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means to report back the Indian
appropriation bill, with the Senate amendments
thereto. I move that the bill and amendments be
printed, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back Senate resolution No. 31, ex-
planatory of the eighth section of the act of Con-
gress approved February 28, 1859; and moved
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN It. BARTLETT.
Mr. MAYNARD. A few days since, I re-
ported from the Committee of Claims of the House
a joint resolution, which had passed the Senate,
to enable John R. Bartlett, late commissioner to
run and mark the boundary between the United
States and Mexico, to settle his account at the
Treasury Department. I desired then to have it
put upon its passage; but objection being made,
it was referred to a Committee of the Whole
H^pse upon the Private Calendar, and the resolu-
tion and report ordered to be printed. I now ask
unanimous consent to discharge the Committee of
the Whole from the further consideration of that
resolution, and to put it upon its passage.
Mr. PHELPS. I think we had better go on
with the regular order of business.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let the resolution be read
for information.
The joint resolution (S. No. 27) authorizing
the settlement of the accounts of John II. Bartlctt,
late commissioner of the United States to run and
mark the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico, and for other purposes, was read.
It duvets the Secretary of the Interior to adjust
the accounts of John R. Bartlett, late commis-
sioner of the United States under the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo to run and mark the bound-
ary line between the United States and Mexico,
upon principles just, fair, and equitable to Bartlett
and to the United States, and in conformity with
the usage in such cases; and that he also ascertain,
in making the adjustment, whether Baitlett has
received a credit upon his account with the Gov-
ernment, and if so, what amount for advances, if
