1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
rant; but I understand that it will be here in the
course, probably, of the day—in some few hours.
It is delayed until they can get certified copies of
the proceedings in court. When that-arrives, I
may ask further proceedings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
memorial read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate of the United, States:
Respectfully represent?, F. B. Sanborn, of Concord, Mas-
sachusetts, that while he, as he believes rightly, has refused
to obey the summons of the "select committee" of the
Senate, and has desiied, in a legal and proper manner, to
contest his rights as a citizen, of which he has before this
informed the Senate, by his memorial of Februaiy 16,1860,
submitted to them on the 27th of fc'cbiuary, 1560, other per-
sons, claiming to act under the authority of the Senate,
have unwarrantably usurped power, and disgiaced them-
selves, by theii acts and doings; that on the night of the 3d
of April instant, between the hours of nine and ten o'clock,
p m., he was callcd to the door of his own house by a
young man, who handed him a fraudulent letter, and that,
while in the act of taking this, he was seized by another
man; that to liw often-repeateddcmandvSforthena<iesand
authority of these men he could get no sufficient or defi-
nite answci; and that, on his refusing to go with them, un-
less he could see the precept under which they were acting
and knew its natuie and contents, lie was held and hand-
cuffed, ffnd there, without hat or shoes, was dragged by
these men and three others,who had been called by a whistle
from them, from lii& house into the road, and theic violently
pushed, lifted, and shoved to and upon a carnage, which
was standing in front of bis hou*<e; that by great efforts on
his own pait, agisted by those ofhis sister, he succeeded in
preventing these menfiom placing him m the carriage, and,
the alarm being gi\ en to hi*, neighbors and fiiends, lie was
soon surrounded by thorn, when, on the repeated demands
of hnnsclf and otheis, the ruffians finally gave their names
as Si la«. Carlton, Freeman, Tarlton, Coolidge,
and Fos.s, and, tor their authouty, read aprecept, pur-
ported to be dueeted to Dunning 11. MeA'air, Sergeant-at-
Aims of the United Stated Senate, and to be signed by the
Vice Pi evident of the United States commanding the ar-
rest and bringing boforfi the Senate, by the said McNair, of
the body of join memorialist; that no pei son named Mc-
Nair appeared to arrest him ; but that attached to the said
pieeept was a clause, by which the said McNairpiofessed
to depute his authoiity to Silas Cailt^n, and to no other;
that none of the four men holding him were known to your
memorialist, or to any of his neighbors then present, and
had no badge of authority, or indication of their being offi-
cers; that upon the ajiivai of your memorialist's counsel,
who had been sent for, they refused to take him back into
the house, tiieie to remain, until a writ of habeas corpus
could be obtained, to test their power and his rights, but
continued to hold him m the condition in which he was,
without hat or shoe^, in the cold night air, and upon the
damp ground, for an hour, or thereabouts; that when a
writ tft habeas corpus, issued by a justice of the supreme
judicial court of this Commonvi ealtii, had been brought and
duly served on them, by a deputy shenff of the county, they
refused to obey the command, and compelled the officer to
use force and the power of the posse comitatus'' to take ;
your memorialist out of their hands, to the great risk of Ins ;
life and limb, and Hie seiious injury of his arms and wrists, j
which were still manacled ; that all this was done by the ;
said Oailton, and the otheis named, upon a pieeept winch :
appears to have been in then hands tor more than six weeks, j
during nearly all which time your memorialist has been
openlv engaged in his usual avocation, and about the town
in which he resides, freely and without any disguise or
concealment; and that thei e was no sort of reason oi excuse
for the secrecy, fraud,\jrfHence, and luffianiMii used in
making the anest; that since his discharge by the full
bench of the supreme judicial court, for want of authouty m
said Cailton to make such arrest, after a full hearing of the
ease, he finds that said Carlton, and those employed by
him. arc men having no propcity or responsibility, holding
no official position, and possessing no such character as
that they ought to be inhumed with the unusual, delicate,
and dangerous power of arie&tmg and forcibly carrying
away fiee citizens ; that their manner of exercising it was
so improper, disgraceful, and offensive, that it has lowered
the dignity of your pieeept, and tendedto impair the proper
authority of your honorable body in the eyes of all good cit -
izens, without distinction of paity, sect, or belief; and fur-
ther, that vour memorialist, conscious his own rights have
been grievously outraged, prays redress of your honorable
body.
And, as in duty bound, will ever pray,
F. B. SANBORN.
Concord, April 6, 1860.
Commonwealth op Massachusetts, i ss
County of Middlesex. $
Concoko, AjrrilG, 1860.
Then" pni sonalty appeared the above-named F. H. San-
born, and made oath that the facts contained in the above
memorial are true aeeoidmgto his best knowledge and be-
lie:'.
In fe<timonv whereof I have hcieunto set mv hand and
affixed mv seal notarial this 6th day of April, in the year !
lf<6Q. ' NATHAN BROOKS, [l. s.)
Notary Public.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
flay one word 111 correction. My impression was
that I had sent this warrant by the Sergeant-at-
Arms, to Boston, with the instructions thai 1
mentioned, to depute the authority if he could not
find the man; but I am corrected in a conversa-
tion with the Sergeant, and find that I had sent
this warrant, together with another for the arrest |j
of a man named Redpath, of Boston, to the mar-
shal, the authority of the Sergeant being deputed
here before the paper went away. When the
Sergeant was sent to Boston, he was sent there
with a warrant to arrest the man who is here
now, (Hyatt;) but it seems that I had sent this
warrant to the marshal of the United States, with
a deputed authority from the Sergeant, here, and
that was a considerable time ago—I think some
time in the month of February—and my letters
from the marshal subsequently informed me that
the process had not been served, after many at-
tempts to find this man Sanborn, because he
either absented himself from the State or was con-
cealed and kept out of the way. He was unable
to find him up to the time that he made the arrest,
according to his statement.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to correct one
error into which the Senator has fallen. He
stated, it will be remembered by the Senate, that
Mr. Sanborn was taken from the custody of those
pretended officers by a mob. Now, of course,
nothing is within my knowledge except what is
authenticated by that paper under oath, and there
the statement is express that he was not taken
from the custody of these pretended officers ex-
cept by the intervention of the writ of habeas cor-
pus, sustained by the posse comitatus of the neigh-
borhood.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
say in reply that of course I have no personal
knowledge, nor has he, of the circumstances. The
representations made to me, according to my
recollection—and I think it is distinct, for I was
immediately informed by telegraph, and after-
wards by letter from the marshal—are, that after
Sanborn was arrested by the deputy of the mar-
shal, who was also the deputy of the Sergeant,
he was taken out of the custody of the officer by
a tumultuous body of people, whom I call a mob,
and that thus being out of his custody, the habeas
corpus was issued. Those are the facts, as rep-
resented to me. I will say I do not wish, if any-
body else wishes to take part in the debate, to stop
it; but it seems to me that the proper disposition
of this paper is to lay it 011 the table, at least until
we get the official return made upon the warrant
of the Senate. 1 move to lay it on the table for
that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to the reference of the paper to the Commit-
tee 011 the Judiciary, the Chair supposes the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia has precedence,
to lay on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. That is not a debatable ques-
tion.
Mr. MASON. Certainly, I withdraw it if the
Senator wishes to say anything.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to remark that
the memorial does set forth a great grievance, and
it is authenticated by the oath of the memorialist,
and it asks for remedy^and now I understand the
Senator proposes to lay the memorial on the table.
Is that customary with this body when memorials
are presented, containing important facts properly
authenticated, and from responsible persons, and
which ask for the action of the Senate ?
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I said I would move to lay the
memorial oil the table, only to await the official,
formal, legal return of the process of the Senate,
which refers to the very matters to which the me-
morial relates, that they may be considered in
connection, if they are considered at all. That is
the object. I stated that.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Why could not this be
referred now, and get rid of the memorial for the
present, and refer also that official return when it
conies' I see 110 necessity for delaying the mat-
ter. If that 10turn also is necessary for the con-
sideration of the subject, let it bo referred when
it comes. I see noreasonwhythememorial should
not be referred.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Kentucky
will allow me to suggest that this matter is in
charge of the committee of which I am the organ,
and I respectfully submit to that Senator—and 1
know there is 110 Senator to whom I could more
respectfully make the submission—that it would
be possibly better to permit the organ of that com-
mittee to suggest the direction that the thing should
take. What I shall propose to do with it, I am
not advised; but I only ask that it shall lie on the
table until the warrant comes back which the
Senate issued, with a formal, legal return upon
it, showing, by the officers to whom it was in-
trusted, what were the facts connected with the
subject, as they understand them. That is all.
After that, the Senator from Massachusetts may
take it up and propose any disposition of it he
thinks proper. My motion was only with a view
to await the process, which will be here in a day
or two.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand, then, from the
Senator, that he expects a return from the officer
to that warrant.
Mr. MASON. Certainly. I received a letter—
I think I have it in my pocket—from the district
attorney. I should state that as soon as I was
advised that this process had issued to release the
witness, I telegraphed to the marshal and directed
him to engage the services of the district attorney
to defend the arrest; and last night I received a
note from the district attorney—being one of sev-
eral I have received from him—telling me that the
warrant would be returned. I had telegraphed to
the marshal to send back the warrant and make
upon it a formal return of the facts that attended
the release of the witness; and I got a letter from
the district attorney last night, m reply to that,
saying that it would be sent, and was delayed only
until they could obtain properly certified copies
of the proceedings in the court. It will be here,
I presume, in the course of the day. I move to
lay the memorial on the table. *
Mr. SUMNER. I consent, but with great re-
luctance , however, to let it lie on the table to await
the return of the process; but I do that with the
understanding that then it shall be referred.
Mr. MASON. No; with the understanding on
my part that the Senator may call up the petition
and mako any proposition he pleases in reference
to it. What course I may think it prudent or wise
to adopt, I am not prepared to say; possibly I may
consent then to the reference; but I do not com-
mit myself to that. The Senator may call it up
and make any motion upon it he thinks proper.
What may bo my action on that, I do not know.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LANE. I now move to take up the bill
(S. No. 82) to amend the fourth section of the act
for the admission of Oregon into the Union, so as
to extend the time for selecting salt springs and
contiguous lands in Oregon.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator will allow
us to make reports.
Mr. LANE. This is a bill that ought to pass,
and I am sure there is no objection to it.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection, as soon
as I get permission to offer a petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is in
order.
Mr. CAMERON. Does not a single objection
prevent the bill being taken up in the morning
hour ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall be allowed
to get rid of petitions in our hands. I have always
understood the rule of the Senate to be that pe-
titions were first in order in the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
again, for the information of Senators, the ground
on which he has acted, and it has been sustained
by the Senate. After the Journal has been read,
the Chair first calls for memorials; then for reports
of committees. Thatis the regular order of busi-
ness; but it is in the competency of the Senate to
take up any business it chooses, and it is always
in order for a Senator to move to take up a bill.
Mr. LANE. I have no objection to yield the
, floor, if I can have an understanding that the bill
I will be taken up afterwards. It is important that
' it should be taken up and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Oregon insist 011 the motion ?
Mr. LANE. I prefer to have the bill taken
up. . .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion of the Senator from Oregon, to
take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Several of us have peti-
