1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
raises the question again as to the force and power
of the previous question. We liavo got to come
to some rule of action upon the subject. I thought,
yesterday, when the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. etheridge]made the proposition here, that
we should proceed to vote from day to day for
two weeks; and when he appealed to all sides and
parties, and asked them, if they disagreed to it, to
express their disagreement, I supposed then that
those of us, at least, who were present, were con-
cluded. When he appealed to the South Ameri-
cans and they did not respond, I considered it an
affirmative on that side; when he appealed to the
Republicans and there was no response, I con-
cluded it was an agreement upon our part; and I
thought it was hard upon us, because, while so
many of us have listened to objectionable speeches
for many weeks, and did not think it right to re-
spond to them, we have now our speeches ready
and are anxious to make them in reply to offens-
ive arguments made upon the other side of the
House. When the same appeal was made to the
other side of the House and they made no re-
sponse, I thought tlKy were concluded. I think
so now; not only those who were here, but those
who were not here. I know they can do as they
do now—say they did not so understand it; but
how are wc to come to any agreement of action
if we do not respond to this kind of acquies-
cence ?
Mr. NOELL. I wish to say that for one I un-
derstood that we all acquiesced, by our silence, in
the proposition made yesterday by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mi. Etiieridge,] and for one I j
am for carrying that understanding out and going
011 to vote continuously for Speaker. [Cries from
the Republican benches of "That's right*"]
Mr. CURTIS. That is right. I am still of,
the opinion that a largo majority of the House, of j
all parties, are willing to carry out that proposi- \
tion in good faith as it was made yesterday and I
agreed to. The question is, whether a few indi- i
viduals, who are determined to violate or to dis- ;
regard it, shall have the control of our action >
[Cries of " Vote!" from both sides of the Hous.^.]
I want that we shall all agree to an arrangement
of this kind. [Renewed cries of " Vote from
both the Republican and Democratic benches.] I
am -willing and anxious to vote, but I understand
that the objection of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is a barrier. If tliat objection be withdrawn,
I will instantly take my seat. If it is not, then I
want to put the proposition to a test. Is the other
side ready for a vote ? [Cries from the Democratic
benches of " Yes; let us vote!55]
Mr. MAYNARD. Do I understand that what
was suggested yesterday, and tacitly agreed to.
amounts to a rule of the House?
Mr. CURTIS. It was higher than a rule; it
was an appeal to our honors. [Here seven or
eiffht members took the floor and were prevented
from saying anything beyond "Mr. Clerk,55 by
constant cries from both sides of "Vote!5'
" Vote!'5] If gentlemen on the other side want
to vote, I am willing to yield for that purpose. I
am anxious for a vote. [Cries from the Repub-
lican benches of "Then lot us vote!'5]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to say a
single word. It will be remembered, Mr. Clerk,
that the proposition now being discussed by the
House was submitted by me on the 7th day of
December last, just three days after the meeting of
Congress. I then offered for adoption a resolution
that there should be no debate until after the elec-
tion of a Speaker, but it was not received or acted
on. I acquiesced in what seemed to be the general
desire or judgment of the House; and subse-
quently, as the debate was kept up, took a lim-
ited part in it. Yesterday, I was rejoiced at the
understanding which pervaded the members, that
we should now vote and not speak. I have
always been willing, and I am now willing, that
we should spend our sessions in voting, and 111
doing nothing else until wc reached an organiza-
tion. I hope that both sides will observe the agree-
ment in good faith, and that we shall have con-
tinuous ballots until a Speaker is elected.
As I anticipated, the discussion that has taken
place has resulted in putting us further asunder
than we were at the beginning; and every addi-
tional day seems only to widen the breach. The
feeling has not been so much to organize as to stir
up discord and criminate and recriminate one an-
other. We never shall have an organization until
we cease this talking, and agree to have continuous
voting for perhaps a week or more. It is now
evident that the resolution I offered on the 7th of
December is right in itself, and ought to have been
agreed to. If it had been adopted, and discussion
had not gone on as it has, there is no doubt that
we would long since have organized and been
about the business of legislation, for which our
constituents sent us here.
Mr. Clerk, our actions since the commencement
of the session have not elevated this House in the
estimation of the country, but, on the contrary,
have detracted from its character, been hurtful to
the nation, and ruinous to the public creditors. It
is about time, then, that this tragedy, as it was
properly called by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Keitt,] were ended. I do not know
that it would be a serious loss if it terminated in
a political, as the play of " Hamlet" does in a lit-
eral sense, by the death of the principal actors;
probably that would be well for the country.
I have heard it said, sir, that there are those
here who do not desire an organisation at any
time, and who raise captious objections to prevent
it. It may bo that this branch of the Government,
the legislative department, has no self-sustaining
power—no power within itself to produce an or-
ganization or put itself in action. If that is so,
then, indeed, the Government is at an end; for
when the legislative department falls, that falls
with it. Js it possible that we have come to the
point where dissension reigns so supreme that the
elements of organization do not exist within our-
selves, and that this fact is to be seized upon to
favor a dissolution of the Union?
I have heard much, sir, said about a dissolu-
tion—far too much—but the non-organization of
the House has done more to inflame sectional pas-
sion and weaken the bonds of the Union than all
oilier causes combined.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman will allow
mo. As the gentleman from Illinois assures us
that this agreement will be maintained in good
faith by both sides of the House, I withdraw my
point of order and my objection to another vote.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then I yield the
floor at once for a ballot.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and Mr. Wixslow's motion that the House pro-
ceed to vote viva voce for Speaker was agreed to.
THIRTY-SEVENTH BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to the thirty-seventh
ballot for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 22G; necessary to a
choice, 114; of which—
Mi. Sheiman leceived 110
Mi. Hocock  f>5
Mr. William N. IL. Smith  3S
Mr. John G. Davis  7
Mr. English  4
Mr. McCieinaud   3
Mr TayJoi  3
Mr. Iloiaeo F. Clark  1
Mr. Gilmer  1
Mr. Laaubeo  1
Mi. Hatton  1
Mr. liawkin?*  1
Mr. I'hclp.  I
Mr Lama'   1
Mr. Houston  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—Moisi-h. Charles F. Adams, Aldnch,
AIle\ , A "liley, Babbitt, Bcalo, Bingham, Blair. Blake, Biay-
ion. BufTuunn, BuilniL'airio. Bmnham, Uimoughs, Buttor-
lHd, Campbell, Carev, Cartel, Ca'.e, Coltax, Conkhng,
Corvvm, Covode, Cams, lJawe-*, Delano, Dunn,
Edgerton, Eduaidfe, EIiul, Eh, Fams-vvoith. IVnton, Fcuy,
Fovtei, Fiank, Fienrh, Goooh, Giaham, Grow, <Jinle>,
Iliile, Haskin, Helmick, Iloaid, Humphrey, Iliuctuns Ir-
vine, jutikin, Fianeis VV. Kellogg, William Kellogg, K"n-
yon,'Kilgorc, Killnigor, DeWitt C. Loach, Lee,Lo «nc<'kcr,
Loomi->. Lovcioy, Mni^ton, McKean. McKnight, McPher-
son, Milhvaid, Mooihead, Moirill, Edwaul Joy Morris.
Moimj, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Pennington, IVny, Pettit, Por-
ter, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Cimstopher Robinson, Royee,
Schwartz, sSeranton, riedgwiek, Somes, Spaulding, Spin-
nei, Stevens, William Stewart, Stiatton, Tappan, Thayer,
Theakcr, Tompkins, Ti am, Tumble, Vandcvor, v an W\ck,
Veirec, Wade, Waldron, Walton. Cadwalad'er C. Wash-
burn, Elhhu B. Washbmne, Israel WaUibmn, Wells,
Wilson, Witidom, Wood, and Woodrull.
For Mr. Bocock—Ashmoro, Avciv, Bark^dnle,
Barrett, Boyce, Brand), Bureh, l.uniett, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochiane, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford, Cuuy, Da-
vidson, Reuben Davis, Edmundson, English, Gamrtt, Gar-
tiel!, Hawkins, Ilmdman, fiolman, Howard, Hughes!, Jack-
son. Jones, Kent, ICunkH. Lamar. Landmrn, Logan, Love,
Maelay.MeClernami, McQueen, MeRae, Miles. Sydenham
Moore, Niblaek, Noel!, Pugh. Reagan, Rutfin, Rust, Scott.
Sickles, Singleton, Stevenson,Thoinas,Underwood,White-
ley, Winslow, and Wright.
For Mr.' William N. H. Smith—Messrs., Green Adams,
Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Bonham^
Boteler, Brabson$Briggs,Brtsto\v,BouUgny,JohnB. Clark,
James Craig, De Jamette, Btheridge, Gilmer, Hardeman,
J. Morrison Harris, John P. Harris, Hatton. Hill,'Jenkins,-
Jatnes M. Leacli, Leake, Mallory, Elbert's. Martin,-Me-
nard, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Nelson^ Peyton^ Pryor,
Quartos, William Smith, Stokes, Vaijce, Webster,"ana
Woodson. ' '
For Mr. John G. Davis—Messrs. Allen, Ban*," Horace.F.
Clark, Cooper, Larrabee, Montgomery, and Riggs. ; ,
For Mr. English—Messrs. Bocock, Houston, Pendleton,
and Phelps. ' ±
For Mr. Mc Cicrnand—Messrs. John G. Davis, Isaac 3v.
Morris, and Taylor.
For Mr. Taylor—Messrs. Fouke, Hamilton, and Charles
D. Martin.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Mr. Adrain.
For Mr. Gilmer—Mr. H. Winter Davis;
For Mr, Larrabee—Mr. James C. Robinson.
For Mr, Hatton—Mr. William N. H. Smith.
For Mr. Hawkins—Mr. James A. Stewart.
For Mr. Phelps—Mr. Stout.
For Mr. Lamar—Mi. Vallandigham.
For Mr. Houston—Mr. Florence.
During the call of the roll,
Mr, JENKINS said: I desire to change my
vote, and, by the consent of the House, to m#ke
a brief explanation. I have troubled the Ho„use
only on one occasion before, and I only wish to
say now that I have adhered strictly, in my ac-
tion, to the Democratic organization ih every vote
I have given in this House up to the present time;
and it is with the greatest reluctance that I now
intend to change the vote I have just given and
cast it for another gentleman. The gentleman'
who is the Democratic nominee, and for whom I
have hitherto cast every vote I have given, com-
mends himself to me not only as a representative
of the Democratic party, but by the high personal
regard I entertain for him. These two consider-
ations have thus far made me vote for him upon
every occasion; but being satisfied that it will be
impossible, at least at the present time, to con-
centrate such a vote upon him as will elect him,
in that spirit of conciliation and compromise to-
wards my American friends of the South, which
I hope will lje reciprocated, I shall withdraw my
vote from Mr. Bocock and cast it for Mr.Smith,
of North Carolina—not a member precisely-of
the American party, as I suppose, but of the Whig
party of the South.
The result of the ballot having- been an-
nounced,
"Mr. W7NSLOW moved that the House pro-
ceed to vote again for Speaker viva voce, and upon
that motion called for the previous question.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn. [Criesof " Vote 1" " Vote!" all
over the Xlall.] I am satisfied it will accomplish
nothing.
Mr. KUNKEL. I insist upon the motion to
adjourn. [Renewed cries of" Vote!" " Vote!"}
'Mr. BARKSDALE. With the understanding
that the House will adjourn after another ballot,
I withdraw my -motion.
Mr. KUNKEL. J renew it. [Cries of" No!"]
The question was put, and it was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, being put,
Mr. WisrsLOw's motion was agreed to.
THIRTY-EIGIITII BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House proceeded to the thirty-eighth ballot
for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 22G; necessary to a choice,
114; of which—
Mr. Shetnian iccnved   109
Mr. Bocock      51
Mi. William N. II. Smith....  33
Mr. John 0. Davis      7
Mr. Floicnce  4
Mr. (Jilnvi  4
Mi. Taylor  3
Mr. I'help*  a
Mr. Larrabee  2
Mi. j\IcCIcrnand  -
Mr. Maclay  1
Mr. How aid  1
Mi. English  1
Mr. Reynolds    1
Mr. Pennington  1
Mr. Cnrrv  1
Mr. Iliil.*.  1
Mr. Avery      1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Sherman—yievsrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich,
Alley. Ashley. Babbitt, Beale, Bingham,Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Buflintoa, Burlmgaiac, Burnham, Burroughs, Butter-
field, Campbell, Carc>, Carter, Case, Cohax, Conkhng,
Corvvin, Covode, Curtis,Dawes, Delano, Duell, Duim,Ld-
gerton, Edward*. Eliot, Ely, Farnswortli, Fentoji, terry-*
