1628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
tions and reports to make; and it is not customary
to insist on taking up a bill while there is busi-
ness of that kind to be presented. I do not know
how long the bill will take. At any rate, I will
call for the yeas and nays, if the Senator insists
on his motion, to see if the morning business is
to be postponed.
Mr. LANE. I am not disposed to be in the
way of Senators with their business; but i am
sure I have not taken much time of the Senate.
This is a bill in relation to lands granted to the
State of Oregon under the provisions of the law
providing for her admission, by which the lands
franted must be selected within a given time.
'hat time is about expiring. These lands have
been given for the advantage of the State of Or-
egon; and they have not had an opportunity, for
want of the meeting of the Legislature, to provide
means for locating the lands; and as it is entirely
local, relating to her interests exclusively, and
providing for selecting lands granted to the State
by lav/, I trust that Senators will allow it to be
taken up and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the motion to
take up this bill the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator from
Oregon will not persist in a motion to take up a
bill before we can relieve ourselves of petitions.
He will gain nothing by this. The resistance to
his motion is not opposition to the bill which he
wishes to call up. It is because we wish to re-
lieve ourselves of these papers.
# Mr. LANE, I will do anything in the world
to oblige Senators. If they say " withdraw it, and
let it lie," I will do so. I am willing to yield.
Let them present their papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection the motion may be withdrawn, the yeas
and nays having been ordered. The Chcur hears
no objection.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented resolves of the Le-
gislature of the State of Maine, in favor of the
establishment of a uniform decimal system of
weights, measures, and currencies, fixing the
standards or units of each measure, with their
sub-divisions or multiples in the most concise and
simple manner; and that the more effectually to
promote this desirable leform, an international
commission be recommended for the purpose of
producingauniform system of metrology th rough-
out the commercial world; which weiv referred to
the Committee on the Library, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
Abraham Edwards, of Iialamaxoo, Michigan,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was re-
fened to the Committee on- Pensions.
Mr. GREEN jnesented a communication from
T. T. Grant, of St. Louis, Missouii, relative to
the judiciary act of 1789, and in favor of chang-
ing the time allowed for taking appeals and writs
of error to the Supremo Court of the United
States; which was leferred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. GRIMES presented papers relating to the
claims of Miriam Hungerford, Jacob Pauhn, Mil-
ton Carpenter, Nathan Fish, and Buren liunger-
foid, to indemnity for Indian depredations in
Utah; which were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. TEN EYCIC presented the petition of
William C. Morns, for h imself and the represent-
atives of Joseph Morris, deceased, an officer in
the revolutionary war, praying commutation pay; ;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu- [
tionary Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Joseph D. Greene, praying compensation as a
cleik in the Post Office Department: which was
referred to the Committee 011 the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
Jackson, Mississippi, praying the erection of a
suitable building at that place for a post office;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Miriam Davis, widow of Lot Davis, who died of
wounds received in the Dartmoor prison, prayin°-
for a pension; which was referred to the Colnmif-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the township of Upper Tulpenhocken,
Pennsylvania, praying that a pension be granted
! to Michael Lanck. a soldier in the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committeeon Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of Livingston,
Copeland & Co., Lyon, Sharp & Co., and other
manufacturers of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for the passage of a law to prevent and pun-
ish fraud in the use of false labels, trade-marks,
&c..; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SIMMONS. I present a petition of citi-
zens of "Washington and Georgetown, praying
that the bill to prohibit corporations in the Dis-
trict of Columbia from issuing notes or bills of
any kind for circulation in the District may not
become a law. I move that it lie 011 the table, and
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
lie on the table, and the motion to print will go to
the Committee on Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. TEN EYCK, it was
Ordered, That the petition, on tlic files of the Semite, of
the representative? ot Joseph Morris, late a major in the
army the Revolution, praying commutation pay. he ie~
felled to the Committee 011 Revolutionary Claims.*
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLAY asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 391) for
the relief of certain persons who made entries in
the district of lands subject to sale at St. Stephens,
Alabama; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Hes-
ter Stoll, widow of Urban Stoll, late a soldier in
the Army, praying a pension, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 390) for the relief
of Hester Stoll, widow of Urban Stoll. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, who were instructed by a resolution of
the Senate to inquire into the expediency and pro-
priety of relieving A. M. Fridley, late agent for
the Winnebago Indians, from the effects of a judg-
ment obtained against him in the district court for
the second district of Minnesota, in consequence
of his having, under orders of the Indian depart-
ment, disobeyed an injunction obtained against
him in said court in regard to the payment of cer-
tain moneys belonging to the Winnebago Indians,
submitted a report, accompanied by a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 28) for the relief of A. M. Fridley,
late agent for the Winnebago Indians. The joint
resolution was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was oiflored to be printed.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committeeon Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion ot Iletty G. Dotr, daughter of John D. Al-
vey, postmaster of the American ainiy, at head-
quarters, during the revolutionary war, praying
that the laws passed for the relief of the officers
and soldiers of that war, or their widows and
orphans, may be so construed as to include his
heirs or legal representatives, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee 01) the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany, praying for authority to extend the Wash-
ington branch oi their road to the Potomac river,
and across the same, by means of a pile structure
connected with the Long Bridge; and the bill (S.
No. 377) to authorize the Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company to extend the Washington branch
of their road to the Potomac river, and across the
same, by an extension of the present structure
known as the Long Bridge, for the purpose of con-
necting with the Virginia railroad at that point,
reported the bill with amendments.
Mr. NICHOLSON,'from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Catharine Wilkie, daughter and only
heir of Joseph Paine, praying relief 011 account of
the military services and sufferings of her father
during the revolutionary war, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr.SIMMONS,from the Committee on Claims,
] to whom was referred the memorial of Joseph C.
j G. Kennedy, praying a repeal of the joint rcsolu-
I tion of December 23,1852, relative to'the salary of
the secretary of the census board, submitted a
; report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 392) for
j the relief of Joseph C. G. Kennedy. The bill
j was read, and passed to a second reading; and
; the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Joseph C. G. Kennedy,
praying indemnification for damage to buildings
belonging to him, done while they were used by
the Government, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No.393) for the relief of Joseph C. G.
Kennedy. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
resolution of the Legislature of California, in favor
of thf^establishmentof a daily mail between some
point on the Mississippi river and some point in
California, and a resolution of the Senate, in-
structing the committee to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing a semi-weekly masil from
St. Joseph, in the State of Missouri, to Piacer-
ville, in the State of California, reported a bill
(S. No. 394) to provide for the transportation of
the mails between St. Joseph, Missouri,and Pla-
cerville, California, within twenty days; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. He
gave notice that he should ask the Senate to con-
sider the bill to-morrow.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 617) confer-
ring on Atlanta, Georgia, the privileges of a port of
delivery; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered this day, at one o'clock and fourteen
minutes, the printing of resolves of the State of
Maine, ill relation to a uniform decimal system of
weights, measures, and currencies.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (S. No. 29) for the relief of Arthur Ed-
wards and his associates;
A bill (S. No. 79) for the relief of Tench Tilgh-
man ;
A bill (S. No. 136) for the relief of Thomas
Fillebrown; and
A bill (II. R. No. 273) for the relief of Micajah
Hawkes.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H.R. No. 617) conferring on Atlanta,
Georgia, the privileges of a port of delivery, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
SALT SPRINGS IN OREGON.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'clock having arrived, the Cliairmust call up the
. special order, which is the unfinished business of
yesterday—the homestead bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. There was another spe-
cial order made for one o'clock, some time ago 
the St. Clair ilats bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill in rela-
tion to the St. Clair Ilats would be the special
Older, but for the fact that the homestead bill is
the unfinished business of yesterday.
. Mr. CHANDLER. 1 do not wish to antago-
^ mze the St. Clair flats with the homestead bill,
j although I would with any other measure before
Congress.
Mr.LANE. I now ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 82) to amend the fourth section of the
act for the admission of Oregon into the Union,
so as to extend the time for selecting salt springs
and contiguous lands 111 Oregon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon asks unanimous consent to take up the
bill S. No. 82.
Mr. WADE. I am sorry that I cannotconsent
to that. I want to get rid of the homestead bill.
Mr.LANE. This bill, as I said before, is im-
portant to Oregon. It extends the time allowed
