186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Popular Sovereignty—Mr. Montgomery.
Ho. of Reps.
Btitution of the United States to pass such a law?
Certainly not. Such an act, when passed by a
Territorial Legislature, would be no more uncon-
stitutional than a similaract would be when passed
by a State Legislature.
If a Territorial Legislature does not possess the
power to divest the title of property, our Terri-
tories are in a sad condition. It has been decided
that a man has a property in his wife. And he
can maintain an action to recover possession of
her person. Yet the Territorial Legislatures, in-
disputably, can grant a divorce, and divest his
title. The Territorial Legislatures create city cor-
porations. These corporations all exeixise the
power of eminent domain and divest the titles
of the owners of lands taken for streets, public
highways, and public buildings. Yet, if the doc-
trine contended for by the congressional interven-
tionists is correct, all these divorces are void, and
all these streets, highways, and public buildings
are the property of the land-owners. A thousand
illustrations equally as clear might be given to
show-the folly of such reasoning.
But if we were to admit all that is contended for,
it only presents a legal question. The contest is,
whether an act of a Territorial Legislature, abol-
ishing slavery, is a violation of the Constitution
of the United States or not. This is, therefore,
purely a legal question, which the courts alone can
determine. Fifty centuries oflegislation could not
alterthe Constitution, nor determine the qftestion.
Why, then, should the gentleman from Alabama
drag this controversy before this House? We
have no power to pass upon nor to determine it.
Judge Douglas has declared his willingness to
submit the question to the determination of the
courts, and to abide by and carry out the decis-
ion which may be made. What grounds has
any one to complain of his position ? If the judges
of the Supreme Court were elected by a vote of the
people, and .Judge Douglas were a candidate for
a judgeship, his legal opinions might be regarded
as important. But he is not likely to get on the
supreme bench. And he'might even be mistaken
on a law question without shaking our confidence
in Ills Democracy. But suppose the doctrine of
congressional intervention were established by the
Supreme Court: then: is not a single Territory
where such a law is now demanded. There is no
such law pending, nor is there the least prospect
that it will ever be necessary to propose such legis-
lation. How visionary and abstract this question
is. Yet the honorable gentleman from Alabama
expects it to convulse the nation North and South,
to divide the Democratic party, wreck the hopes of
Judge Douglas, and control the Charleston con-
vention. The dream is worse than Utopian.
The gentleman from Alabama is not willing to
submit the question to the courts. But let him
spealc for himself:
" It may be that tlie.se are judicial questions and
mere abstractions, which can he sately left to the future,
to he (H'tmumed its exigencies mayaiiJ-c. Ill a l.itc mem-
orable cnaf, appeals! have lieeti made from the Supreme
Court to popular prejudice and passion, and interpretations
ot the decision form parts of political platforms. History
is full of instances of judicial subserviency, and political
opinions very often control judicial conduct. The lamoua
Somcrsett case, tlie direful spring of unnumbered woes,
was decided under circumstances that reflect no credit on
tlit- moral courage of the eminent judge. The proposition
of Senator Seward, to putthe Supreme Court on the side
offreedom, is fearfully admonitory of the influence of pop-
ular excitement mi the judiciary. If I could lift my voice
BO as to De heard ; if she would heed the admonition of a
loyal son, in tones of earnest entreaty, I would beseech
her not again to commit the fatal mistake of yielding to
party necessity what may be essential to future safety;
not to concede' a principle, which, however apparently ab-
stract or impracticable, may, m the hands of hostility or
fanaticism, prove a potent engine of mischief or destruc-
tion."
The gentleman is unwilling to submit this ques-
tion, because "in a recent memorable ease ap-
peals have been made from the Supreme Court to
popular prejudice and passion." This was all
very wrong, doubtless; but/pray what has that to
do with the election of Judge Douglas to the
Presidency ? Is it pretended that if, for instance,
Colonel Davis, of Mississippi, were elected Pres-
ident, thatsuch " appeals to popular prejudice and
passion" would not be taken > The honorable
fentlcman expresses the greatest abhorrence to
ragging the decisions of the courts into the po-
litical arena, and taking "appeals from the legal
determinations of the Supreme Court to popular
prejudice and passions,'' yet he hesitates not to
arraign Judge Douglas for entertainiug a legal
opinion; and instead of referring the question to the
Supreme Court for adjudication, he appeals to the
popular prejudices and passions of a slavehold-
mg people. " Oh, consistency, thou art indeed
a jewel!"
The truth is, the gentleman evidences clearly
his unwillingness to trust the court with the ques-
tion. Perhaps more political capital could be made
if this question were not determined. The com-
mittee will judge of the motive whiclvprompts the
refusal of the opponents of Judge Douglas to
submit this vexed question to adjudication.
Before I have done, I must give the committee
the gentleman from Alabama's ''slave code.11 He
informs us:
"Slavery exists in the State where the ownei dwells,
exists out of the State, exists in the Territories, exists every-
where, until it comes within the limits of a sovereignty
which prohibits it. The Constitution, as that profound
lawyer and statesman, Judge Berrien, argued, recognizes
slavery m a free State; speaks of it, in such free State, as
an actually subsisting debt of service or labor, and piohibits
the discharge of the slave."
I think this will rather take the legal portion of
this House by surprise. It is evident, if this def-
inition is correct, that slavery is universal. Law
is divided into two kinds—the laws of God, and
the laws of man. If the gentleman's doctrine is
correct, slavery exists by virtue of the law of
God ; and, if that is true, he may bid defiance to
every attempt to abolish it, for man cannot repeal
the law of God.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Do you contend that the
Territorial Legislature cannot divest the title to a
horse?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. If the owner obtains
his title from God. certainly not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then you differ with
Judge Douglas.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I think not. But I
care not who I differ with. I am correct.
The gentleman from Alabama next informs us
what we should fight for. Hear him:
" Mi. Chairman, for what is the Democratic party con-
tending? Is It for spoils and patronage, or for principle*
Is this^immense ariay of means, this combination of agen-
cies, tins drilling lor the stnfe, but to win a victory, banen
and fruitlostf and Pyrrimn? Are wo to struggle foi a Presi-
dent, merely to dispense executive pationage and feed a
gicedy swarm of leeches? This is of no avail, is mischiev-
ous unless accompanied by practical result*, by a uiiunph
of principle."
I agree with him entirely that we fight for prin-
ciples. But I have always found it of highest
importance in such battles to have men to carry
out the principles for which we contend. If we
cannot elect our men, how can we carry out our
principles? To nominate a man who is certain to
be defeated is to sacrifice our principles, and to
lose the control of the Government, but such are
the expedients to which those who oppose the
nomination of Judge Douglas are driven. They
admit his great popularity; they admit that his
nomination is equivalent to an election. But they
raise the cry that he holds some erroneous prin-
ciples on abstract and legal questions. In snort,
that he is not a good lawyer. Why did not the
gentleman from Alabama march boldly up to the
mark, and tell this House that he preferred the
election of Mr. Seward to that of Mr. Doug-
las; for that is the true meaning of the paragraph
which I have just quoted. I am constiained to
! differ with the honorable gentleman. I am for
Douglas and victory, and so, I think, are the
southern people.
[Mr. Montgomery's time having expired,,a
debate ensued as to extending it, in which Messrs,
Lovejoy, Conkling, Underwood, and Burnett
participated. It was unanimously agreed to per-
mit Mr. Montgomery to proceed.]
' Mr. MONTGOMERY. I am duly sensible of
| the kindness the Iiouse has done me, and I assure
! you,Mr. Chaiimdn,andmyfellow-mumbers,that
> I am profoundly grateful.
! The honorable gentleman tells us that Alabama
| will not submit to the nomination, unless we in-
i dorse the doctrine of congressional intervention.
, 1 am persuaded the delegates from Alabama will
not withdraw from the convention. But if they
do, and, if that is agreed upon and settled, I for one
would say that they should not be permitted to
take seats in that body. I recognize the right of
no set of men to go into a convention by whose
action they are not willing to be bound. That is
not Democracy. But if they are admitted, and if
they do withdraw, and Judge Douglas is nomi-
nated—and I assure the gentleman from Alabama
that he will be nominated as certainly as- that the
convention assembles—he will still carry Alabama
at the election; and not only Alabama, but every
other southern State. The hearts of the people
of this country are with him. And such a shout
of joy will go up over his nomination as has never
gone up since the nomination of General Jackson.
I have heard it said that some of the delegates from
Alabama would not withdraw; and I have heard
it said further, that although all of those dele-
gates will carry out, in good faith, their instruc-
tions, yet, that after all hope of nominating their
candidate has been relinquished, some of them
would support the nomination of Judge Douglas.
I am well aware of the game of brag which is
being played by those who oppose the nomination
of Judge Douglas. Small politicians and pro-
fessional place-seekers assure their friends that
their favorite candidates will certainly succeed.
With an air of provoking wisdom and self-com-
placency, one of these men will assure you that
his candidate, who has carried just half a State, is as
certain of the nomination as if he had it; another,
with prophetic fervor, announces that*his candi-
date, who lost his own State arid has carried no other,
will become so popular at Charleston, that the
presidential mantle will by common consent be
cast upon his shouldeis. These are the little
tricks of paltry office-seekers, and are believed by
nobody, and can deceive nobody. The man who
has no popularity but such as he acquires at Charleston
would be a sorry candidate for the Democratic party.
The man who is nominated should bring his nom-
ination from the people, who stand above the dele-
gates, and we should shun conspiracies and com-
binations as we would shun the leprosy. This is
the Governmentof the people, and the people shall
and will rule. Your delegates may conspire and
combine to make nominations, but what is the ad-
vantage of a nomination when it only brings de-
feat and dishonor?
There can be no mistake about the popular feel-
ing on this question; all men know it. To attempt
to disobey it is to invite defeat. When I hear a
delegate say that he " intends to keep his mind
suspended until begets to Charleston," I set him
down as a man who is ready to enter into a con-
spiracy to betray the people he represents. For
1 know that ho knows that there is to be no intel-
lectual bonfire at Charleston to enlighten his un-
derstanding as to the proper choice of a candidate.
Such a man knows all about the candidates now;
but he intends to await his chance to betray.
When I hear a man say he will support a certain
candidate if he finds the South will submit, I set
him down as a poor, miserable "dough-face,M who,
instead of choosing the candidate his own people
want, will let others dictate his vote and control
his influence by their threats and violence. When
I hear that certain delegates will refuse to obey
the instructions given by their State convention,
I am satisfied that they know their price, and have
found a purchaser. But woe betide the recreant
traitor who betrays and insults his people. Their
curses, hissing hot, shall follow him through life,
and roll like lava over his grave when life is done.
Conspirators may plot, combinations may be
foimed, and nominations may be made, in viola-
tion of public sentimentand tire popular will; but
the day of election will be a day of rebuke, dis-
aster, and irretrievable defeat. But I hope for better
things. I will not believe the rumors of knaves
and impostors. Men, whoso names stand high
on the roll of fame, will not bring down on them-
selves an eternity of infamy by the polluting
touch of disgraceful conspiracies. I will not be-
lieve it; such things dare not be done. Our del-
egates are not marketable commodities. They
arc all honorable men, and will do their duty.
The will of the people will bo regarded. The
nomination of Judge Douglas is a foregone con-
clusion, and gentlemen may as well prepare to
meet it. <{ Coming events cast their shadows be-
fore," and the shadow of his overwhelming pop-
ularity is now upon us.
The gentleman from Alabama could not close
his remarks without dragging up the ghost of the
