608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Grow, Gurley,
Hale, Haskin, Helmick, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Ir-
ving, Junkin,Francis W". Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ken-
yon, Kilgore, Ki'linger, DeWitt C. Leach,Lee, Longaccker,
Loomis,Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight, McPher-
son, Millward, Moorhead, Morrill, Morse, Nixon, Olm, Pal-
mer,.Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Rico,
Christopher Robinson, Roycc, Schwartz, Scranton, Sedg-
wick, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stevens, William Stew-
art, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins,Train,
Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyek, Verree, Wade, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, EJlihuB. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and
Woodruff.
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Ashmore, Avery. Barksdale,
Barrett, Boyce, Branch, Burch, Burnett, Clopton, Cobb,
John Cochiane, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Reuben Davis, Edmundson, English, Garnett, Gartreil,
Hawkins, Hindman, Holman, Howard, Hughes, Jones,
Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum, Logan, Love, Maclay,
McClernand, McQueen, Mcltae, Miles, Sydenham Moore,
Niblack, Noell, Peyton, Reagan, Ruffin, Rust, Scott,
Sickles, Singleton, Stevenson, Thomas, Whiteley, and
Wright.
For Mr. William N. H. Smith—Messrs. Thomas L. An-
derson, Bonham, Boteler, Bouhgny,Brabson, Briggs,Bris-
tow, John B. Clark, James Craig, Curry, De Jarnette, Gil-
mer, Hardeman, J.Morrison Harris, JohnT. Harris, Hatton,
Hill, Jenkins, James M. Leach, Leake, Mallory, Elbert S.
Martin, Maynard, MiJIson,Laban T. Moore, Nelson, Pryor,
Quarles, William Smith, Stokes, Vance, Webster, "and
Woodson.
For Mr. John G. Davis—Messrs. Allen, Horace F. Clark,
Cooper, Charles D. Martin, Montgomery, Pendleton, and
Uiggs.
For Mr. Florence—Messrs. Bocock, Houston, Jackson,
and Underwood,
For Mr. Gtkner—Messrs. Green Adams, William C.An-
derson, II. Winter Davis, and Ethendgc.
For Mr. Taylor—Messrs. Fouke, Hamilton, and Lar-
rabee.
For Mr. Phelps—Messrs. Florence, Stout, and Winslow.
For Mr. Larrabcc—Messrs. James Robinson, and Val-
Jandlgbam.
For Mr. Mc demand—Messrs. Isaac N. Morris and
Taylor.
For Mr. Maclay—Mr. Barr.
For Mr. Howard—Mr. John G. Davis.
For Mr. English—Mr. Phelps.
For Mr. Reynolds—Mr. Adrain.
For Mr. Pennington—Mr. Edward Joy Morris.
For Mr. Curry—Mr. Pugh.
For Mr. Hill—Mr. William N. H. Smith.
For Mr. Jlvery—Mr. James A. Stewart.
And then, on motion of Mr. HARRIS, of Mary-
land, (at five minutes after four o'clock, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 27, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'elock, m. Prayer
bv Kev. James A. Proctor.
*The Journal ofyesterday was rcadandapproved.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERIC announced as the business first
in order the question of order heretofore raised by
Mr. Curtis.
Mr. ADRAIN. I rise, Mr. Clerk, for the pur-
pose of making a personal explanation. 1 ask that
a short paragraph may be read by the Clerk from
the New York Tribune of the 24th instant.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" In tiie autumnal cont<M of 1858, five gentlemen were
candidates for election, or reelection, to the House of Repre-
sentatives. Their names were Horace F. Clark, Guorme,
Brioos, Garnett B. Adrain, Ji-thr U. Rkjos, and John
G. Davis. Neither of them was a Republican, but all pro-
fessed to agree buhstantially with the Republicans on the
Kansas outrage*, the Leeoinpton swindle, and cognate
questions. Each admitted that it would be impossible to
be elected without Rcpubhcan support, and each was eager
to obtain such aid. This, support wa* tendeied to them on
the condition (among others) that, alter a reasonable time
in winch to make a reeoid in accordance with their own
peculiar positions, thev would aid the Republicans m or-
ganizing the House, either bv voting directly for their can-
didate, or securing the pliuahty mle, or refraining trom
voting, or in some oilier effective mode. The pledge to
meet this exigency was made duiing the canvass, either in
words trom their own lip*, oi was elenily implied in the
fact that they knew that the Republicans, whose support
they coveted, proposed to vole for them with this cxpiess
understanding. The Republicans, on these condition*, and
for these reasons, did vote lot each of these gentlemen, in
good faith; and, but for their votes, neither of them could
now hold a seat in Uongre&b. t*o much for the picture ot
1858." 1
Air. ADRAIN. Mr. Clerk, I do not rise for
the purpose ot engaging m any personal contro-
versy with the editor of the Now York Tribune.
I have found by my experience that it is very bad
policy to engage in a-personal controversy with
the editor of a paper—particularly of a daily pa-
per, when he has an opportunity to fire a shot at
me every day. And, sir, I think we have seen
this most fully exemplified m the attack made by
the distinguished gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Pryor] upon the editor of the New York Her-
ald. I thought at the time, that gentleman had
made a mistake, and I think he now discovers it,
because Mr. Bennett has the advantage every day
of attacking him, and if he intends to return the
compliment he must rise here every day and at-
tack Mr. Bennett.
I have not, therefore, risen for the purpose of
engaging in any personal controversy with Mr.
Greeley, because I frankly confess here that I re-
gard him as a man of marked ability, of great
moral courage, and of fidelity to the political prin-
ciples he entertains. I differ with him upon the
question of slavery , and as to his mode of settle-
ment of it; but he is entitled to his sentiments as
much as I am. I do not assert here that Mr.
Greeley intentionally designed to do me wrong, or
any of the gentlemen who are alluded to in the
article which has just been read; but I presume,
sir, some evil-disposed person has given him some
information, upon which he has based his charge
Now, I wish to say there is not a particle of truth
in the charge that is made in the article which has
just been read. As I stated a few days ago, I ran
in my district as an anti-Lecompton Democrat. 1
made no pledges expressly as stated in that charge;
and, sir, there was no pledge implied that I would
vote for any Republican for Speaker of this
House, or aid the Republican party m its organ-
ization. In the canvass of 1858 it was supposed,
from the excited state of political feeling in dif-
ferent parts of the country, arising from the mad
and suicidal policy pursued by Mr. Buchanan on
the Kansas question, that the Republican party
would be strongly in a majority here, and could
organize the House without the aid of a single
anti-Lecompton Democrat; and, therefore, there
was no necessity for making pledges by'me; and
no pledge was expected.
I say here, and I desire the reporter of the New
York Tribune to take it down, that I ask for the
proof, from any man in my district, State, or else-
where, that I ever made a pledge to assist in or-
ganizing this House by the election of a Repub-
lican Speaker, or in any other way. It is rather
singular, Mr. Clerk, that the New York Tribune
should have made this charge, when not a single
Republican paper in my district or State has made
it. Why, sir, if any person should know any-
thing in regard to my State, and of what was the
understanding between the Republican party and
myself, it certainly would have been the editors
who control the Republican papers in my dis-
trict; and yet every Republican paper m my dis-
trict, and in my State, when alluding to me, has
asserted that my course so far has been perfectly
consistent with my political principles. Now, I
beg leave to refer to the Hunterdon Republican,
a paper published at Flemington, in my district,
in which is a short article referring to me, from
which I desire to read a short extract. The editor
says:
Mr. Adrun was reelected a* an Independent Demo-
crat. and <o tnr !n*eour*ehas been consistent with hi* posi-
tion ; and more, we believe he has the courage to maintain
that independence to the end."
This is one of the leading Republican papers in
my district. I am well acquainted with the editor,
and if anybody knew there was any pledge ex-
pressly given by me, or any pledge implied, that
editor would know the fact, and would before this
have stated it in his paper.
Now, sir, I beg leave to refer to another paper,
the American Standard, published at Jersey City,
in my State, although not in my district. The
editor of that paper, a man of ability and great !
literary taste, was formerly a resident of the city 1
where I reside—the city of New Brunswick. Pie i
resided theie during the fall of 1858, and was a i
political opponent of mine. He belonged to the [
American party and refused to vote for me on the |
ground that I was a Democrat. I now wish to j
read a few extracts from this paper, wherein is
fairly stated the position I held in my canvass in
1858. The editor in this article from which I read
sets out with alluding to the speech 1 had the
honor of delivering here a few days ago, and states
that I ran in my district as an anti-Lecompton
Democrat. He says:
"Mr. Adrain states the substantial truth. And being
perfectly familiar with all the events of the canvas* by
winch he was returned to Congress, we have no hesitation
in declaring that he made no pledges nor concessions to
either the American or Republican parties which they could
Eossibly construe into an abandonment of hi* well-known
'emociacy. And if the fact of theirsuppoit were any plea,
the Ameueans, whose support was generally and most
heartily given, have full as much right to count upon his
cooperation as the Republicans; nay, moie, since his views
upon teiritorial policy, the very point upon which his elec-
tion was made to hinge, more nearly coincides with theirs
than with those of the latter.
" The writer, at that time a citizen of the third congres-
sional district, was distinctly and unequivocally opposed to
the nomination of Mr. Adrain, on the ground that he was a
Democrat; that he had given up no single point of policy
to which, as a Democrat, he had all his life been wedded;
that we could expect to find in him, if elected, only a polit-
ical adversary; and that the dispute between him and the
Administration, on account of which he threw himself upon
the people of the third district, was in fact a mere family
quarrel—a squabble between Mr. Adr vin as a known fiiend
of Mr. Douglas, whose views for the Presidency he favored,
and the Administration men who desired tiie reelection of
Mr. Buchanan. We were, however, largely overruled. Al-
most everv American favored Mr. Adrain ; first, because it
was doubtful if an Americau,or one favoiing Americanism,
could be elected in a district so laigely Demociatie as uas
the third ; and secondly, because of hi? epen support of the
Crittenden-Montgomery amendment, and his no less open
avowal of its principles. The Republicans favored him,
first, because they did not see the way clear to the election
of an ultra politician of their views; but chiefly, as they
everywhere avowed, before Ins nomination and at every
public meeting during the canvass, because by his reelec-
tion in opposition to the regular nomination of the Demo-
cratic party, a stinging rebuke icould be administered
He says, further:
"We lieaid Mr. Adrain, at different times during this
canvass, and can fully substantiate what he has to say of
not having descited his allegiance to the Democratic party
—unless, indeed, his rejection of regular nominations be
such desertion. His Democratic principles he everywhere
openly avowed, and with a frankness which we, at the
tune, thought dangerous. He never, by any implication,
adopted the Republican theory as to the mode of dealing
with slavery; but put forward, as the ground of his appeals
foi support,* the unrelenting malignity with which he was
persecuted by the Administration, and his faithfulness to,
and implicit adoption of, popular sovereignty." * * *
" Mr. Adrain did not renounce a single Democratic prin-
ple ; everywhere boldly declared that he had ever been,
and remained, a Democrat; and simply denied the princi-
ple which the Administration, in opposition to Democratic
maxims and platform, had initiated in respect to the Ter-
ritoiies, and would never consent to be driven away from
the antagonistic ground whieli he avowed."
I regret, Mr. Clerk, the necessity of taxing the
patience of the House in reading such lengthy
extracts; but it was due to my position here. Here
is a charge in a leading paper in the city of New
York, that I made a pledge to support the Repub-
lican party in the organization of this House. My
personal honor is affected. If I had made such a
pledge,it would have been fulfilled before to-day. I
came here asafree man, with no shackles upon me.
I do not wear them; and I intend to act as an inde-
pendent man, according to the convictions of my
own conscience, and the principles upon which
I was elected. I belong to the anti-Lecompton
party, which seems to be very small in this House.
Nobody seems to pay it a great deal of respect, I
am sorry to say. The Republican party will not
unite with it. The South American party declare
that they abhor the doctrine of popular sover-
eignty; and many of my southern Democratic
friends here, who were very loud in their support
of popular sovereignty in the year 1856, when
Mr. Buchanan was elected President on that issue,
have now absolutely turned their backs upon it.
Now, sir, although I made no pledge, expressed
or implied, to aid the Republican party in the
organization of the House; yet, sir, if the House
be not soon organized; when the great interests
of the country so much demand it; when south-
ern gentlemen upon this floor declare that they
intend to perpetuate discord here—leading to dis-
cord out of the House, and perhaps to the disso-
lution of the Union—I do not know but my sense
of duty, my love of country, may lead me yet to
unite with the Republican party on such a na-
tional and conservative man as I think may be
electt d Speaker, m orderthnt the House may be
organized; which would gladden our hearts, and
the hearts of the people of the whole country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Clerk, I made
it a rule when I first took my seat here, many
years ago, never to rise to a personal explanation
with reference to anything that might be said of
me, as to my conduct as a member of this House,
by any of the newspapers of the country. But,
inasmuch as silence on my part, upon this occa-
sion, might be construed into an admission that
the charges contained in the article referred toby
the gentleman from New Jersey are true, I feel it
my duty to depart from that rule which I had laid
down for my action here. On this occasion I shall
be very brief. I regret I cannot pay the editor
of the New York Tribune the high compliment
which my friend from New Jersey paid him. That
