I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Polygamy in TJtah-*Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
Lccompton constitution. I thought that ques-
tion was put forever to rest. We buried both Le-
compton and anti-Lecompton over at the Read-
ing convention, and we arc not willing that their
grave shall be disturbed. Wisdom requires that
we should forget our past differences, and that
every one of us should contribute his whole in-
fluence to bring the whole force of the party to act
together. We must unite the party for the sake
of the union of the States. We must unite the
party to repress " the irrepressible conflict." The
Republicans should feel profoundly grateful to the
honorable gentleman from Alabama, for his effort
to distract and divide the party on an abandoned
issue of the past. I can assure the gentleman that
he has been doing Mr. Seward yeoman's service
by his efforts to alienate the hearts of one portion
of the Democracy from the other. Look around
you to-day on the vacant seats which that unfor-
tunate question has made in this Hall. Where arc
the noble and true men from the North, who two
years since came at every call of danger, and
stood like a wall of fire between the South and
her Republican enemies? They have gone down
under the load of odium attached to the miser-
able attempt to forcc a constitution on an unwill-
ing people. These vacant seats have a moral as
well as a history. Let us profit by the one and
not forget the other.
^Intelligent men all over the land are now willing
to admit the folly of that unfortunate movement;
and thousands of men, South as well as North,
agree with Senator Hammond, of South Carolina,
in saying that " the South herself should have kicked
that constitution out oj Congress," thrust upon it as
it was all " reeking with blood and fraud." The
whole attempt was a miserable failure, an un-
doubted mistake. And now, when the people of
Kansas have repudiated that constitution by a ma-
jority of nearly ten thousand; and after we have
seen the Democratic party defeated throughout the
whole North except in Illinois on account of it;
and when wise and conservative men in all sec-
tions of the Union look back to Jhat controversy
with regret and shame, I think it was well that
the honorable gentleman should assure us that
amidst this general change of opinion he still
stands firm for old Lccompton. We might else
have considered that the general feeling had pen-
etrated his breast, and that he too now wished it
had been " kicked from the Halls of Congress."
The Lccompton constitution cannot now ever come
back to this House to be legislated upon. It is as
foreign from ail present political issues as the
United States Bank; but the gentleman introduced
it into this discussion, because he thereby hoped
to arouse some of the old southern prejudice on
that question.
Is it not strikingly singular that in this Hall wc
hear almost every day denunciations of Judge
Douglas by the Republicans, because, as they
say, he has always betrayed the North for the
benefit of the South? Yet in this same Hall we
hear southern Representatives denounce Judge
Douglas, because he has done too much for the
North and not enough for the South. "Truth" in
this, as in most cases, " lies in the golden mean."
Judge Douglas, in his long and honorable career
in Congress, has betrayed neither side; but has
been true to all sections. Like every great, in-
telligent patriot and statesman, lie has legislated
for the nation, and not for particular sections. He
loved Illinois much; but he has loved America
more. Let Alabama read his history, and point to
the time when he ever betrayed her interest or
proved false to his Democratic principles.
There were traits of character developed iri
Judge Douglas during that contest—now that
the controversy is forever ended—which give him
new claims on the hearts and affections of the
oeoplc, and which inspire his friends with a con-
fidence in his honesty and integrity greater than
all the acts of the rest of his life beside. In 1857,
when the Lecompton controversy arose, the nom-
ination of Judge Douglas, after the expiration of
Mr. Buchanan's term, was a fact that seemed to
admit of no contest. The presidential mantle
was ready to fall upon his shoulders. When that
question arose, he found arrayed on one side of
it the southern Democracy, with whom he had
done battle in so many years of the past; he found
an Administration in the zenith of its power, with
all its patronage and influence ready to strike him
down if he dared to resist; he saw the bright prize
of the Presidency, which before seemed so near,
ready to be forever withdrawn from him, unless
he would sacrifice his honor and prove recreant
to the high principles of his life, yet he never
hesitated nor faltered for a moment. He dis-
played no wavering nor time-serving. He knew
well the fearful nature of the contest in which he
was about to engage; yet, on the very day on
which the President sent his message to the Sen-
ate, and before the sounds of the Clerk's voice
had died away in the Senate Chamber, he arose
and entered his manly, bold, and decided protest
against it. Throw aside your political prejudices;
cease to remember your Lecompton partisanship,
and behold and admire the sublimity of moral
heroism in the man.
We had known and loved him before. But
then we saw that he was indeed one of" nature's
noblemen"—a "hero from the hand of God."
Wc knew that for seventeen years he had origin-
ated the political issues on which parties were di-
vided and Presidents made; we knew that in every
contest he had led our forces to battle, and won
our proudest victories; we had seen his firmness of
soul when he was burned in effigy in Boston, and
when he was insulted by a mob in Chicago, be-
cause he advocated the passage of the fugitive
slave law; we had been lost in admiration, after the
city councils of Chicago had passed resolutions de-
nouncing him as a recreant and unfaithful repre-
sentative, and the fugitive slave law as unconstitu-
tional and tyrannical, when ho boldly demanded
a hearing, and invited his assailants to meet him in
discussion 111 that infunaled city; we had nevei
ceascd to wonder at the matchless power of reason-
ing which enabled him to convince, not only Chi-
cago, but the nation, that the fugitive slave law was
not only constitutional, but just and proper; we
knew that when he spoke, thousands filled the gal-
leries and crowded the avenues to the Capitol,and
that even the ladies, in their eagerness to hear " the
winged words" as they fell from his lips, invaded
the Senate Chamber and drove the gallant Sena-
tors from their seats: we Knew that when he
spoke all men were silent; we knew that when he
arose his enemies trembled, for they knew he was
covered all over in impenetrable armor, and that
his hattle-nx would strike down the greatest of
his foes; we knew he was the king of the Senate,
and the greatest living debater; we knew that
then, as now, when the Democratic party was
assailed, his shield always was interposed to re-
ceive the blow: but we did not know that he
would sacrifice the brightest hopes of his life,
rather than desert a principle; and that he icould
rather be right than to be President ! This was all
shown in the Lecompton controversy; and men
love and admire him for it, and will confide the
Government of the nation to his hands, because
he is incorruptibly honest, as well as capable.
He is the hero of the people—" the blue-eyed man
of destiny." The paths of right and principle,
which once seemed to carry him away from the
Presidency, are found, at last, to lead to the White
House door, and to its inner chambers. And he
who was once the cabinet-maker's boy will soon
himself be the maker of Cabinets.
Of all the Presidents who have ruled over this
nation, I think General Jackson has the deepest
hold on the popular heart. That enduring fame,
that wealth of love which attaches to his memory,
does not arise from his great military services. It
does not spring from his veto of the United States
Bank, nor from any one act of his administration;
but from a glorious principle which undeilaid all
the acts of his public life, and isembodied in those
emphatic words, "The Federal Union: it must
and shall he preserved." That is the sentiment
which makes the people love and worship him,
and makes his grave a Mecca, to which the heart
of the nation turns in every day of danger to pray
that our ruler may have the spirit of the glorious
Jackson. Over that grave a golden haze lingers
like a halo, and on itsarch is written, in letters of
flame, the " Federal Union: it must and shall be
preserved." Yes, General Jackson was true to
his country; and wherever treason and disunion
reared their front, his hand and his voice were
against them. Since his death secession and dis-
union have grown bold, both North and South.
1 But I do thank God that no disunionist, in either
section of the land, is in favor of the nomination
of Judge Douglas. They are men who disguise
their opposition under the pretext of " congres-
sional intervention." Refusi% themselves to be
bound by the action of Democratic conventions,
they yet claim the right to dictate our principles
and control our nominations. They are weak in
numbers, but loud in theirdenunciations. They
hope to appear strong by assuming airs of confi-
dence and boldness. We know that their yells
will ffo up against Judge Douglas at Charleston;
but they will find that they cannot frighten the
delegates from the discharg'e of theirduty. We
will meet them there, as we meet them here, and
bid defiance to their power and their influence.
The whole public life of Judge Douglas has been
\ devoted to strengthen and preserve the Union.
I His motto has ever been, "My country, may she
j ever be right; but right or wrong, my country."
POLYGAMY IN UTAH.
SPEECH OF HON. MILES TAYLOR,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
t-Qpril 2, I860,
On the bill for the suppression of polygamy in Utah.
Mr. TAYLOR said:
Mr. Speaker: It was not my intention to have
spoken upon this bill, but the member from-
Virginia [Mr. Millson] has referred directly
to a declaration which I made upon the floor,
some days since, with reference to it, and 1 feel
that he has noticed the opinion which 1 then ex-
pressed in such a manner that it is proper forme
to give to the House the reasons on which that
opinion is founded. It is not my purpose to enter
into any general discussion of the power of Con-
gress in the Territories. It is a matter that has
no necessary connection with the question before
the House. At any rate, it is a matter that has no
connection with the point to which I propose to
direct my remarks.
Mr. Speaker, when this bill was before the
I-fousc at a previous time, I took occasion to say
that I should not vote for it, because I not only
doubted, but I believed that Congress had no
power to enact it. I stated, however, that I
should be opposed toitupon another ground,and
in favor of the substitute proposed by my friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Branch.] I believed
then, and I believe now, that the bill before us
will be ineffectual. I believe that the passage of
such an act as that would produce no result what-
ever, because it would not be enforced in the pres-
ent condition of the Territory of Utah, and would
be, at best, but a mere dead letter upon the stat-
ute-book^ I thought the legislation proposed by
my friend from North Carolina [Mr, Branch]
would apply a remedy to the evil which all seemed
to desire should be extirpated. I believe that by
action of the kind proposed by that gentleman—
action based on the principle involved in his prop-
osition—can the evil which the bill is ainv*d at
alone be extirpated For that reason, I determ-
ined in my own mind to support that amend-
ment, or any other based upon a similar princi-
ple, and which gave a reasonable promise that
it would be effectual and accomplish the object
aimed at. This 1 say in order that my position
' with respect to the question may be understood.
I will now, sir, proceed to give the reasons which
induce me to believe that the bill is one that Con-
gress has not the constitutional power to pass. I
am one of those who, since I had any knowledge of
political questions, have ever entertained the con-
viction that the Congress of the United States can
exercise no power which is not delegated to it by
express provision of the Constitution, or which
does not flow from some express power by ne-
cessary implication. I have always believed that
this was a Government of limited powers. When
I look at the Constitution I find that it is an in-
strument framed with great care and great precis-
ion of language.
I find, on examining its various provisions, that
the general powers granted to Congress, and to
the other departments of the Federal Govern-
ment, are grants of power for certain national
