1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2573
discussion has gone on so far, to discriminate be-
tween the statements the gentleman from Indiana
referred to and those which others have made.
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. I desire to fin-
ish the statement which I commenced. I said
that, from the organization of the committee, to
the present time, Governor Winslow has, on di-
vers occasions, submitted to the chairman of the
committee that witnesses ought not to be subpe-
naed without the matter being brought to the no-
tice of the committee, and their permission ob-
tained; and I have universally agreed with the
gentleman from North Carolina upon that sub-
ject.
Mr. COVODE. I am perfectly aware that iny
course has been protested against, not only by
some of my colleagues on the committee, but by
the President of the Unitpd States himself.
■ Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. I have merely
stated the fact, and that is all I rose to do.
Mr. WINSLOW. It will be found, as my col- j
league has stated, that from the institution of this
committee down to the present time I have been
endea\'oring to confine the chairman, in summon-
ing witnesses, to those authorized by the commit-
tee; but 1 believe that, until to-day, there has not
been one summoned by the authority of any vote
of the committee. My colleague is correct m
stating, and I have no "desire to do injustice to
him, that until to-day the question has not been .
technically stated in the committee; but he knows, j
I presume, as every member of this House knows,
that no one member has the right to summon j
witnesses without the authority of the committee. [
I merely mention the fact; and now, in icply to !
the gentleman from Indiana, 1 say that I have [
never mentioned any testimony taken before that
committee. 1 think it is wrong and improper; yet
day after day I have seen garbled statements of
all the testimony that occurs having any bearing
prejudicial to the Government printed m the pub-
lic press, studiously, persistently, and willfully
garbled by somebody. Every particle of testi-
mony that has been taken, not favorable to the
Government, has gone forth in this way to the
public, but not a word of what has been given in
evidence in defense of the Government. I have
frequently been asked by gentlemen on this side
of the House, why I do not have published por-
tionsof the testimony of a different character from
that which continually appears.
A Member. Why do you not do it?
Mr. WINSLOW. Sir, 1 cannot do it. I do not
think it is honorable to do it. I come from North
Carolina; from that ancient Commonwealth
where the duties of a gentleman are known and
the proprieties of life are regarded; and I would
not willingly forget the one nor infringe the other;
and I cannot, oven in defense of my friends, nor
of the Administration, of which 1 am a partisan,
infringe these proprieties.
Mr. COVODE. I do not like to interfere with
my friend from North Carolina, but I wish to say
that, in many instances, I have summoned wit-
nesses I have not mentioned to the committee, for
the reason that if I did, we should not get them.
There have been instances in which, when I have
^mentioned the names of the witnesses I proposed
to subpena,it has gone into the newspapers; and
when the officer has come to look for them, they
have gone out of the way. We should never get
our witnesses if we were to pursue the course
which the gentleman suggests. 1 have received
dozens of letters giving the names of witnesses,
whose names would get into the newspapers, and
who were not to be found when sent for. I could
give the names of others, and among them quite
a number of important witnesses who have ut-
terly refused to obey the subpena, and yet we
have not enforced any process against them, be-
cause we have been averse to going into the House
and troubling it in the matter. We have had men
in high position come forward and deliberately
perjure themselves before the committee. I could
mention the name of one man, occupying a posi-
tion of editor of an important newspaper, who has
done this thing.
.Mr. WINSLOW. Now, Mr. Speaker, I in-
vite the attention of the House and the country
to the chairman of the Covode committee, the
gentleman in whose hands has l?ten intrusted the
investigation of these important matters, who not
pnly summons witnesses upon his own author-
ity, without consulting the committee, but who
gets up here and volunteers to tell you about wit-
nesses perjuring themselves, pending the investi-
gation and before its determination. I ask the
gentleman from Indiana why he does not rise
now and object to the disclosure of what has taken
place in committee?
Mr. PETTIT. I will say to the gentleman
from North Carolina that yesterday, when some
allusions of the same character made this morn-
ing were attempted to be made, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means and others
on this side objected, and the objection was sus-
tained by the Chair. That is the point of order
1 raised, but it was overruled by the Chair.
Mr. WINSLOW. I agree heartily with (he
gentleman from Indiana that it is a manifest im-
propriety and breach ofthe decorumof the House.
Air. PETTIT. Why, then, was it brought here?
Mr. WINSLOW. Let the chairman answer.
It is a manifest breach of the decorum of the
House. Is the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
give his opinion about the veracity of witnesses
who have been examined before us, until the com-
mittee has made its repoi t to the House ? Why,
he undertakes himself to lend himself to affect the
character of these men.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina to say whether we had not
better go along with the regular business? There ij
is but one sentiment on tins side of the House,
and that is this: if the gentleman from North
Carolina will say in his place that he has any
reason to believe that any member of this House
owes lus election, directly or indirectly, to cor-
rupt means, I am icady, all of us are ready, to
give him or any gentleman on that side a com-
mittee of investigation.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman from North
Carolina has nothing to ask of any members of
this House in the way ofa favor; nor will lie come ]
forward to say what he wants of these witnesses,
further than appears by the record.
Mr. SHKKMAN took the floor.
Mr. WINSLOW. I am not to be interrupted
any further.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire only to suggest that
we proceed with the legular order of business.
Air. WINSLOW. I stand here as a member
of that committee 
Mr. STANTON, Permit me to say a word.
[Cries of" Order! "from the Democratic benches.]
Mr. WINSLOW. I will listen to the gentle-
man.
Mr. STANTON. 1 desire to say that I am not
prepared to stand upon any technicality about
this business. If the chairman of the committee,
or if anybody m his district for him, has been
guilty ofthe use of improper means to cairy his
election; if there has been any use of money to
committee whether he has any letter-—1 [Cries'
of "Order!"]
Mr. BONHAM. I object to the gentleman
from North Carolina being interrupted.
Air. COVODE. I want to ask my colleague
in the committee whether he has any letter
Mr. RTJFFIN. I object. I call the gentleniari
from Pennsylvania to order.
Mr. COVODE. I have the right to ask the
gentleman a question, if he consents. '
Mr. BONHAM. He has himself desired not
to be interrupted further. •
Mr. COVODE. That is enough, then. Ifthat
had been said so I could have heard it, I would
not have endeavored to put my question, and
there would have been no necessity for so much
noise on the other side.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have said that, during this
discussion, I have not referred to the testimony
taken before the committee. I am compelled to
refer to it now in one particular instance, in jus-
tice to an individual whose name has been brought
before the House by the chairman. That was
another very gross impropriety. I do not use the
language m an offensive sense. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has thought proper to come
here and read letters which are in the custody of
the committee, and which attack the character of
an officer of this Government. I understand Mr.
Hart, the surveyor of the port of New York, to
be a gentleman of character—I do not know him
personally. The chairman has brought these let-'
ters here "without the consent of the committee,
and had them read by the Clerk, and put upon
the pages of your official paper. These charges
against an officer of the Government have gone
out without any explanation whatever; and, sir,
the clia*-man made these charges when he knew
that I hud m my possession a letter from that
officer denying the charges made against him.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a statement?
Mr. WINSLOW. Certainly.
Mr. COVODE. Since it was ascertained that
we wore not punishing men in high positions, the
i gentleman referred to has returned from Europe,
and written a letter to my honorable colleague on
the committee, stating that he was ready to come
here. ,
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman kindly states
that to-day when I bring the fact to the attention
of the country. He neglected it yesterday, when
he did this officer a gross injustice.
Mr. COVODE. I stated yesterday that Mr.
Hurt had returned from Europe.
Mr. WINSLOW. I wish to comment on that
matter. The chairman read, yesterday, a letter
signed by a Air. Dunham, if there really be any
suchaman. Whetherthcreisanysuchpersonl do
rrv his election, or any fraud, it ought to be ex- i j not know. The chairman himself, for a month,
• I > , 1. 1.. -.1 il.. I 4 1. n.. A ^ 1. > rt ... \-v ^ I 1 A ll A A Xf l t All wVl t Q A
amined, and no technicality ought to stand in the
way of an examination. 1 submit to gentlemen
that this is a practical question. _ !
Mr. WINSLOW. I make no charge against j
the chairman, or any gentleman of this House, j
Air. STANTON. 1 understood the gentleman ;
from North Carolina to say that he wanted wit- |
nesses summoned from the district represented j
by the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania. |
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask for those witnesses j
upon 110 technicality, or any favor shown by the j
Republican party. I ask for them as a matter of 1
thought this whole matter a hoax. I thought so
then, and I am still inclined to so think. I am
curious to have the matter investigated. The
letter puiportmg to have been written by a Air.
Dunham, came m an anonymous letter, without
a statement as to how the anonymous writer ob-
tained possession of that letter. He said that he
did not put his name to lus communication be-
cause it would be fatal to him in some respects.
How he got possession of Dunham's letter I do
not know. In that letter is this remarkable pas-
sage: he says that he understands that thisgen-
iustice. Let the country see whether what 1 ask i tleman, Mr. Emanuel B. Hart, surveyor ofthe
J . i J •'   oli/ini ff/iinff to F.nrone. and
will be granted
Air. SHERMAN. Does the gentleman think
that it is practicable at all for the House to con-
trol any of its committees m the summoning and
examination of witnesses?
Mr. WINSLOW. I say, when acaseisshown
to the House of a persistent lefusal or neglect to
summon witnesses asked for by a member of a \
committee, it is the duty of the House to give that11
member the power to have his witnesses sum-
port of New York, is about going to Europe, and
that he has taken passage in the Fulton. He
says, too, that the step will excite suspicion m
the country. Then Dunham goes on to state thift
he will follow on the 26th proximo—I think the
2Cth of April.
When the chairman received that letter, he
brought it to me, and said that he was afraid that it
He told me that he did not want to
was a hoax. _
,, bo placed in a ridiculous position; and that he
moiled. How otherwise could a committee get lj would not pursue the matter until he was assured
on ? Suppose you had a committee of five mem-1| the charge was bona fide made. I agreed wuli
bers, and on it there were three contumacious per-'t him; for 1 would not be a party to hoaxing the
sons who would summon no one: what could the ij chairman of t.ie committee. I read the Dunham
minority of the committee do but appeal to the (I letter over two or three times attentively, m order
House 'I think that I can show the record against; j to fix it m my memory; and I wrote alet etc.a
my friend from Ohio. If I had time, I could show jj friend of mine in New York, reci ^ f   «•
where lie voted on that side ofthe question; and >i and asking my friend to find outall he could m the
where also the chairman of the committee voted j| matter. I was as much detei mined -
with him !! msm 10 ferret out frauds, if there were any. 1 le
Mr. COVODE. 1 ask my colleague on the !i reply of my friend was, that he had searched the
