188'
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 2,
36th Coxg....1st Sess.
Polygamy m Utah—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
objects. I find that no power was conferred by
that instrument upon Congress of a municipal
character, 'authorizing it to enact laws of a local or
municipal character, bat by a single clause. I find
that there is in th# whole instrument but one sin-
gle exception to this rule; and that is furnished
by the eighteenth clause of the eighth paragraph
of the first article of the Constitution, which de-
clares that Congress shall have the power " to
exercise exclusive legislation, in all cases what-
soever, over such district as may, by cession of
particular States and the acceptance of Congress,
become the seat of the Government of the United
States; and to exercise like uu thority over all places
purchased by the consent of the Legislature of the
State in which the same shall be, for the erection
of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and
other needful buildings," which the public inter-
est might require within their limits.
The national Government is vested with no
general powers of legislation for local and muni-
cipal purposes but what are given by this clause,
and those general powers arc limited and restricted
in theirexercisc to the particular placesand district
designated&nd intended by the clause itself. Under
the authority of this clause, Congress has the un-
doubted power to pass all laws, within its own dis-
cretion, for the punishment of offenses committed
within the places or district intended in it, inasmuch
as the punishmcntofcrimes is a necessary incident
of the general legislative power. But such power
to punish crimes docs not extend beyond the places
^ or district mentioned in the clause. This is ev-
ident at once, when the clause is considered in
connection with the other provisions of the instru-
ment. When that is examined, it is found that
it contains various other provisions, which make
express grants of power to Congress to pass laws
for the punishment of various specified crimes,
or classes of crimes. Thus, by one clause con-
tained m the same section with that now in ques-
tion, it gives power to Congress "to provide for
the punishment of counterfeiting the securities
and currcnt coin of the United States;" and in
another, "to define and punish piracies and fel-
onies committed on the high seas, and offenses
against the laws of nations." And in the third
paragraph of the third article express power is also
given to Congress "to declare the punishmcntof
treason;" but without any power from it in rela-
tion to defining that crime — that power being
exercised in the instrument itself. There is no
other express grant of power made in the instru-
ment with regard to the punishment of crime.
The general power to punish crimes, resulting
from these express grants, extends, as a matter of
course, wherever the United States has authority.
And this is the case also with respcct to the power
to punish crimes which exist by necessary impli-
cation, from the provision contained in the last
clause of the eighth section of the first article,
which gives power to Congress " to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the powers vested "m Congress, or
in the Government of the United States, or any
department thereof. This clause gives, by ne-
cessary implication, power to Congress, when
legislating upon national subjects, to invoke the
aia of pains and penalties for the purpose of en-
forcing its legislation; as, for instance, a power
results, by implication, from that provision of
the Constitution which gives Congress the power
to establish post offices and post roads, and the
power to punish offenses against the Post Office*
laws.
The Constitution gives to Congress the author-
ity to exercise the taxing power, and to provide
for raising a revenue; and therefore, by implica-
tion, Congress has authority to impose the pen-
alties necessary to enforce the laws of taxation
and the laws for raising revenue. The same is
true in reference to all the other powers of the
General Government; and therefore I conclude,
from the plain terms and meaning of the various
pro\isious of the Constitution, that Congress has
no power to punish crime unless it be under the
authority given to it to punish offenses against
the laws of nations; to punish offenses committed
upon the high seas; offenses committed within
the^ maritime and admiralty jurisdiction of the
United States; for offenses committed against the
public coin; and those other tfienses against the
various laws which Congress may see lit to pass
for the carrying out of national objects.
No one will contend that there can, by any pos-
sibility, be any other power exercised by Con-
gress than what is granted to it, or which results
by implication from the various grants of power
contained in that instrument. All these various
provisions are of a national character. There is
not a single clause in that instrument which gives
to Congress any right to exercise any municipal
or local power of legislation which is not found
in that clause of the instrument which declares
that Congress'shall have power to exercise exclu-
sive legislation over a district which was to have
been ceded to it for the purpose of establishing a
seat of government, and over those places which
it acquires, by purchase, for the public uses of the
United States, within the States.
I shall not refer to judicial authority, nor shall
I refer to the opinions of distinguished statesmen.
I shall merely give to the House the result of my
inquiries with reference to the political action of
the Congress of the United States, which may be
regarded as an indication of the general opinion
of the people of the United States, as to the extent
of the power in question; and my conclusion as
to certain facts, which constitute some of the
reasons which have led me to the determination
which I had formed not to vote for this bill, and
which contributed, in a considerable degree, to the
formation of my belief that Congress has no
power to pass an act of the character of the one
under consideration.
The power, as I said to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Mills on,] which is involved in
the passage of this bill, in my opinion has never
get been exercised by the Congress of the United
tates. It is true, my friend from Virginia pointed
me to the act of 1790, for the punishnentof crimes
against the United States, and said that is an an-
swer to my assertion. I beg leave to differ with
the gentleman. lie then referred me to the fact,
that that act had been extended over the Territory
of Louisiana after its acquisition, and says that
that is an instance in which the powerof Congress
in this connection was exercised. I beg leave
again to differ with the gentleman. Looking to
the act to which the gentleman referred, I find that
it embodies a number of sections. The first sec-
tion punishes the crime of treason. That crime
is within the jurisdiction of Congress, because it
is a crime to punish which express power is given.
It contains another section in reference to the pun-
ishment of offenses committed upon the high seas.
That power, also, is expressly granted by the Con-
stitution. It contains provisions in reference to the
punishment of offenses committed against the rec-
ords ofcourtsestablished under the Constitution of
the United States, and for counterfeiting the coin
of the United States. These are all exercises of
power for the infliction of penalties for the viola-
tion of laws of the United States, upon subjects
which were within the competency of Congress.
The same law legislates with respect to the pun-
ishment of the crime of murder, the crime of lar-
ccny, and two or three other enumerated offenses
committed within the limitg'of dock-yards and
arsenals of the United States, or within the limits
of any other place or district over which the Uni-
ted States has exclusive jurisdiction. Now, sir,
my reading of the Constitution satisfies my mind
thatthat delegation of power extended to no place
beyond those specially enumerated in the clause
conferring the power, namely, to a district to be
ccded by States to the United States to be occupied
as a scat of Government, and to the places pur-
chased by the United States with the conscnt of
the States, for forts, dock-yards, &c., and that it
does not extend to the Territories of the United
States. That, I think, is made apparent from the
history of the legislation of Congress, and from
the history of the legislation in the various Ter-
ritories of the United States.
It must be remembered, Mr. Speaker, that when
the Constitution of the United States was adopted
wc were in possession of a certain territory. There
were embraced in the Union the thirteen original
States and the Territories that belonged to the
different States, and that made a part of the terri-
tory of the United States. Distinguished states-
men, eminent politicians, and great jurists, have
all declared that the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States were framed for the gov-
ernment of the States as they then existed, and
of the Territories then belonging to them in com-
mon; and there was no provision contained in the
instrument which gave, or was intended to give,
authority to Congress over new territory which
was not admitted into the Union as a new State.
The clause contained in the Constitution which
gave Congress power over the Territories of the
United States—and I refer to that which gives to
Congress power to make all needful rules and reg-
ulations with respect to the territory or other prop-
erty of the United States—applied only to the land
in the Territories, and not to the population, and
was, besides, limited in its operation to the terri-
tory then embraced within our national limits.
Now, I am satisfied, for my own part, that it is
a correct construction of the grant of power in
that instance; and I think that it is made evident
by our political history, that such was the settled
opinion of the fathers of the Republic, and of all
those who have controlled its legislation, from that
time to the present day. I think that it is shown
by the legislation of the county. When the Con-
stitution of the United States came into existence
there was a territorial government existing over
that district of country which was without the
limits of any of the original States, lying to the
west and north of the Ohio river. That govern-
ment had been created by compact and arrange-
ment between the sovereign States who afterwards
agreed to adopt the Constitution of the United
States. Under the authority of the compact made
between those States with regard to that Terri-
tory, a territorial government was then in exist-
ence, which had adopted laws for the punishment
of crimc, within those limits, before the present
government of the United States was formed. By
the ordinance itself the power to legislate for
that purpose was expressly delegated to the gov-
ernment which it was proposed to erect there, by-
giving it authority to adopt the legislation of any
of the States for their government. The Terri-
tories then existing had a system of laws which
punished offenses committed within their local
limits. They had a system of local laws, designed
to protect the peace of the community and to
punish offenses of every description.
When the Constitution of the United States
came into existence, it found those Territories in
that position. No instance occurred with regard
to that portion of the territory in which there was
not a criminal code in force, operating over its
whole extent. And this was the.condition of things
when the crimes act of 1790 was enacted by Con-
gress. That act was not required for the punish-
ment of offenses, such as murder, &c., committed
there; and the terms madeuseofin the actexcludc
the idea that the provisions directed against crimes
of that nature were intended to operate there. At
a subsequent period we acquired the Territory of
Louisiana. At the time of its acquisition there
was a civil government existing within its limits;
a government having all the laws necessary for
the action of a State—laws that regulated the rights
of persons; laws that regulated the descent of
property; laws that regulated the operation of con-
tracts; and, besides that, it had a criminal codc.
Now, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son] says that the Congress of the United States,
when it created a territorial government for Lou-
isiana, extended over it the crimes act previously
passed by Congress. That is true, sir. But with
what object? It was in order that, within the
limits of the territory of the United States, our
legislation on the subject of treason, with regard
to the revenue, with regard to our post officc sys-
tem, should be enforced. The provisions punish-
ing offenses of this character, and which were then
in operation in all the States and Territories of the
United States, were made operative in Louisiana.
But I venture to assert that no single clause con-
tained in that act, providing for the punishment
of crimes committed within any fort, arsenal,
dock-yard, magazine, or in any other place or
district of country under the sole and exclusive
jurisdiction of the United States, was ever en-
forced, or attempted to be enforced, in Louisiana.
That Territory had a criminal code in existence
sufficient for the protection of the whole of its
people; and there was no necessity for any other.
Besides, the very act containing the provision ex-
