257.4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
•city through, and that he could find no law firm
such as Dunham & Bishop. He said that there
might be such a firm in New York; but if there
was any such firm, it must be an obscure one.
My friend said that, very strangely, Mr. Hart left
, on the 31st, whereas this letter was written on the
11th: or 12th, and the writer was to follow on the
26th. The seeming discrepancy 1 do not know
how to reconcile, i applied to the Treasury De-
partment immediately, to know what was the
occasion of Mr, Hart's going to Europe.
Mr. COVODE. It is all right—the Fulton went
out on the day stated.
Mr. WINSLOW. I cannot be interrupted.
After 1 have done with this matter, the gentleman
can say what he wishes. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania Yesterday spurted with the charac-
ter of the surveyor of the port of New York, on
the ex parte statement made in the letter, which he
is not sure is not a hoax. He stated that Mr.
Hart went over to Europe to get married, and
other things of that sort, which excited laughter
on the other side, at the refined wit of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
I applied to the Secretary of the Treasury to
know what was the occasion of Mr. Hart's visit
to Europe. He told me that Mr. Hart was sent
to Europe by the Government for the purpose of
detecting frauds by reason of false invoices; and
that as soon as he had fulfilled the object of his
mission ho would return. He took occasion to
state that he believed Mr. Hart to be one of the
most honest and incorruptible officers of the Gov-
ernment. He is surveyor of the port of New
York, and handles none of the revenue of the
Government. On his return from Europe he
heard of these charges, and immediately wrote
to me; and I ask, in justice to him, that the letter
be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Custom-Ilot'sc, New Yoke,
Surveyor's Office, (27 and 29 1'ine Street,)
May 21, 18(50.
Dear Sir: Shicc my return from Europe, (on Saturday
last,) I have been informed by Hon. Augustus Schel! that
a letter is in possession of the k' investigating committee,"
of which Hon. Mr. Covode is cliaumaii; ui winch lettci I
am homo way implicated or connected with the matter
which that committee have under consideration.
I take this curly opportunity of advising you of my re-
turn, and to cxpioss my desire that 1 may be summoned
before that committee in order\hat I may "have the oppoi-
tunity to exonerate my*ejf; and, so far as I am connected
with the Administration, from any imputation which the
said letter may contain.
Very truly, youis, E. ft. HART.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman, I desire to ask him a question. The
chairman of the committee [Mr. Covode] had a
letter read yesterday which reflected upon Mr.
Hart, and he made no mention of this exculpating
and very manly letter; and 1 take it for granted
that he could not have known of its existence. It
would have been very dishonorable to havce that
letter read if the chairman knew of the existence
of this letter. Now, I desire my friend from
North Carolina to state whether the chairman of
that committee knew of the existence of this let-
ter from Mr. Hurt?
Mr. WINSLOW. I think I showed the letter
to the chairman on the very day that it was re-
ceived. I think it was dated the 21st of May;
and at the next meeting of the committee, the day
following, I think—for we had a meeting every
day—i showed it to the chairman of the commit-
tee, as additional proof that, in my judgment, this
whole matter was a hoax. If there is anything
serious in it, f should be the first one to investi-
gate it. There is upon this floor a gentleman
from New York who knows Mr. Hart better than
I do. I do not know that I ever saw him; but
the character i get of him is that he is a very
prudent individual, and an honest, incorruptible
man.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My friend from
North Carolina will, I hope, allow me to inter-
rupt him for a moment in reference to the imputa-
tion which seems to be made upon the character
and position of Emanuel B. Hart. I beg leave to
say one word in that regard, without desiring to
detain the House. He—a gentleman whom I have
known these many years, whose reputation is
commensurate with the city where he resides and
the political party with which he acts—stands
above suspicion, and especially above the suspi-
cion of that character which the acts imputed to
him here would seem to indicate.
In order that this matter may be properly placed
before the House and the country, I may be al-
lowed,1 think, to comment for one moment upon
the intrinsic evidence which the letter itself fur-
nishes. My friend from Pennsylvania never
should have allowed himself for one instant to
have been deceived by such trash as this. Here
is a gentleman who professes, over the signature
of Charles A. Dunham, to send his love by Hart
to Sanders & Cobbett. His love across the At-
lantic ocean to whom? To Sanders. What
Sanders? The Sanders of London, or the cele-
brated George H. Sanders, of America? And to
Cobbett—Cobbett of the English Government;
the great English reformer, with whom, forsooth,
Mr. Dunham is upon such terms of intimacy that
he sends, by Hart, his love to him, as he sits over
his coffee at St. James. [Laughter.]
Again, he says:
c< The part I have played has been seemingly so humble
and insignificant that no one would think of calling me be-
fore the reformers
The reformers! the Covodecommittee reform-
ers! [Laughter.] Will not the world pronounce
it to be a most excellent play, that it is an extrav-
agant " sell," and that no true man could con-
found for an instant the Covode committee with
the reformers of political abuses in the Govern-
ment ?
Again, he proceeds:
" Should there be any danger, Dan will post me in time
to enable me to take a short trip loi my health."
Post me m time ! We learn the point of the pro-
posed departureof this epistolary invalid upon his
travels; but where is he to be posted to ? I cannot
conccive, unless, with Judean partiality,from Dan
he would proceed to Beersheba; or, perhaps, more
like the veriest Gentile of us all, he would rejoice
himself with interoceanic gales, and search in hot
haste, but with anxious face, through all the
" merrie England," for "the stricken Hart."
[Laughter.]
.Sir, this veritable letter furnishes but one evi-
dence to an arguing mind of its genuineness.
All the rest is covered over with the evidence of
spuriousness and invention. 'But here, in this
single instance,authenticated by his sign manual,
with an amazing spontaneity of purpose, this re-
markable letter writer says:
u A pleasant voyage to you, and confusion to Covode &
Co. is the with of your friend "
However counterfeited all else, this is evidently
the genuine expression of an honest heart. Con-
fusion to Covode & Co.! No hesitation arrests
us, no doubt retards; but this "one touch of na-
ture that makes the whole world kin," removes
the cruel barrier of suspicion, and inclines us all
to believe him a real man who invokes confusion
upon Covode & Co. [Laughter.]
Sir, to us, the world, ever will there be a
shadow resting upon the identity of this effective
author; with his friends and intimates, however,
he doubtless will remuin as now, Charles A. Dun-
ham; but to my innocent friend from Pennsylva-
nia, the energetic chairman of the Covode com-
mittee, [Mr. Covode,] t submit it to the House,
his name must now and hereafter be, Done 'em
Brown. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 have but a few remarks
more to make. The gentleman from Masssaehu-
setts [Mi-.Traik] referred to the language which
1 used yesterday m reference to the position he
took on the subject of these subpenas. He says
I charged him with being a partisan. I had no
such intention, at least in any offensive sense. I
have before me the language I used, and it is as
follows:
" This is treating the subject not as an examination by a
committee of the House of Hcptesentativcs, but by parti-
sans, and giving it what I conceive to be a partisan col-
oring."
I meant it in no spirit of offense, for I am inca-
pable of such a feeling towards that gentleman.
One other observation: I said 1 wanted these
subpenas for the purpose of defending my polit-
ical friends from charges brought against them,
and for the purpose of ventilating these frauds in
elections, which the House charged us to inquire
into, and these witnesses are peculiarly import-
ant in a case like this, where the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] is
hke a drag-net, to catch whatever fish he can, in
every filthy pool throughout the country, for the
purpose of connecting the President or the United
States with these corruptions, and when, in aid
of that drasr-net concern, all sort of things have
been resorted to. Even a Senator of thc'Unitcd
States has been brought up and sworn,and asked
if he had not had a private conversation with the
President upon the subject; and even the Presi-
dent's constitutional advisers, with whom he
should consult upon all important matters, have
been brought up. They have thrown their lines
sometimes in pleasant places, and sometimes in
foul and corrupt places. Persons standing in con-
fidential relations to the President, and persons
professedly hostile to him, had questions put to
them for the purpose of fishing out something to
bear upon this case, and affect his honorand char-
acter.
The chairman, in his remarks yesterday, said
there had been given before the committee testi-
mony sufficient to damn any Administration. Sir, -
the testimony in regard to the Post Office blanks is
before you. You have had an elaborate report of
the testimony made by two committees of this
House and one in the Senate. It v/ill be a subject
to comment upon when the Covode committee re-
ports, for the fourth time. In addition to this—I
say it upon my responsibility—that not a tittle of
evidence has been given to affect, in any the slight-
estdegree,thehonoi of thePresident; and I rejoice
at it, as all good men ought to rejoice, for the
character of our great men is the pioperty of the
whole country.
I have said all this in the spirit of kindness.
My feelings towards the chairman are friendly.
I do not wish to censure him here or before the
country; but I want the subpenas, and I ought to
have them. I am incapable of doing him injus-
tice; I am incapable of doing a dumb brute in-
justice or using him cruelly.
" If I iiad a donkey wot wouldn't go,
Do you think I would vvoliop him ? No, no, no !"
I call the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the whole sub-
ject bo laid on the table, renewing, at the same
time, the offer I made before.
Mi. HOUSTON. I call for the yeas and nays.
I want to see who are afraid of this investiga-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Have I leave to reply to
an observation made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama out of order? I ask unanimous consent to
reply to that observation.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as I am concerned,
the gentleman may reply.
There was no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. When I rose, Mr. Speaker,
to move to lay the whole subject on the table, I
refrained from saying a single word, because I
knew that to do so would be out of order. But
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]'puts
in this remark, that he wanted to see who were
afraid of investigation. Now, let me repeat over
again that every gentleman on this side of the
House is willing that the committee shall investi-
gate the conduct of everybody on this side, and
the election of every member on this side, if any
gentleman on the other side will only get up in
his place and say that he wishes such an investi-
gation.
Mr. BOCOCK. I should hke to say a word.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield till I get
through. I repeat, that if any gentleman on that
side of the House will rise in his place and say
that the election of any member on this side was
controlled, dircctly or indirectly, by fraud, we
will give a committee to investigate it in the most
ample, fair, and manly way. But the remark of
the gentleman from Alabama imputes to us a de-
sire to evade investigation. Mr. Speaker, we do
not. The chairman of the committee now called
in question has stated that he was willing to
summon two or three witnesses on each point and
subject that the gentleman from North Carolina
wished to inquire about. It seems to me that
that was sufficient; for if that investigation should
disclose matter sufficient to authorize a further
investigation, it could be pursued. But the idea
that the minority of a committee may come in at
any time, and raise a pretended question of priv-
ilege—because it is no question of privilege at all
—and then insist on occupying the time of the
House, to decidenvhether or not a committee of
the House should subpena this man or that man,
is contrary to the rules of the House. If such a
precedent w«re established; if wc were to allow
