1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
tion is in the law which man has created; by the
law of the State where it exists, and by virtue of
that law, and of that law alone. It docs not exist
by the higher law of nature.
The Senator also declared that we should study
the experience of mankind. I agree in that prop-
osition also; but does that Senator suppose that
the experience of such men as Franklin, Jeffer-
son, and W ashington, is wholly to be disregarded ?
Slavery had existed one hundred and fifty years
in Virginia when Washington and Jefferson de-
clared their experience and desire to get rid of it;
when Franklin, the great American philosopher,
wrote his treatise on population in 1751, denounc-
ing it in severest terms. Is their experience
nothing? Are we to assume that they knew
nothing of this question ?
But, Mr. President, I will call that Senator's
attention to the declaration of General Marion, of
South Carolina, on the subject of slavery, and
what his experience upon that subject had shown.
He declared that where the system of slavei-y
exists it depresses the non-slaveholding white
man, for the simple reason that the " rich have
no need of the poor; " and, sir, he expressed the
whole of it in that single sentence. Show me a
state of society where the rich men who have
capital have no need of the poor, and I will show
you a state of society where the poor laboring
man is the absolute dependent of the capitalist.
I know you sometimes say that in slave States
there can be no conflict between capital and labor.
For what reason ? Because there capital abso-
lutely owns its labor. There can be no conflict,
for labor is the absolute and unconditional slave
of capital. There can be no conflict where labor
can have no voice whatever.
_ The other honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Hammond ] is reported to have said some
years since, in speaking of the condition of near
fifty thousand of a class of people m the State of
South Carolina, the poor non-slaveholding whites,
that their employment consisted in hunting and
fishing and occasional jobs, and, what was still
worse, he said, trading with the slaves upon the
plantations and seducing them to steal for their
benefit. Is there no lesson in this? What lias
the experience of Virginia also shown ? In the
days of Washington the country upon the Poto-
mac river was well cultivated and productive—a
considerable portion of it. At all events, it is
stated in the history of General Washington that
the district where he resided was so populous that
tlu1 location of the church of the parish was re-
garded ns an important event, looking not only to
the people of that day, but for all time to come;
'and its location was the subject of some contro-
versy between him and Mr. Mason. It was
finally located in the center of the parish, sur-
rounded by many families, and largo numbers at-
tended regularly upon the services held in it.
But time passed on. Plantation cultivation with
slaves has done its work. The laws of nature
asserted their supremacy. Everything fell into
decay; and within the last ten years—I have it
fro in the lips of an eye-witness—that very church,
which cost Washington so much labor to locate and
to erect, had become a stable for cows and o\~en;
the country all around it growing up to those pine
ban ens where the very wolves are returning to
howl over the desolations it has wrought, and
that too in this very neighborhood; almost withm
cannon shot of this capital. When, oh! when,
will men learn fiom the lessons of experience?
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me one
moment, 1 am sure; for, with all respect for him,
In; is poaching a little on my manor. The Sen-
ator is doing what many in advocating his posi-
tion have been obliged to do—substituting a theory
for fact. Now it so happens that the county of
Fairfax, to which he alludes, was my place of na-
tivity. One of the very eminent men of that day,
to whom he has alluded, was my ancestor; and I
think I know something of the facts relating to that
county. Whether the land in the county of Fair-
fax was originally fertile or not, I do not know,
because it was populated something more than two
hundred years ago, nearly three hundred; but
ever since I have known it, or in its tradition, it
has been the very opposite. The land was very
much impoverished by a system of culture in
tobacco, known as a part of the history of the
southern States when it was their only and then-
great staple—I heir only article of export. Land
was so abundant that tobacco was cultivated until
the land was exhausted; and when part of it was
exhausted they turned it out and took up a new
place.
As to the population of the county, the Senator
will find, if he looks at the census tables, that
Fairfax has, at this day, a much larger population,
and of necessity much larger than it had in the
days to which he has adverted; larger, because
the great mass of the large estates of that day have,
by the gradual process of time and the policy of
the laws, been melted down and subdivided. The
populationhasincreasedinproportion. The white
population is increasing there faster—not in fact,
but in proportion—than the slave population, be-
cause slave labor was found more valuable to be
translated to other parts of the State.
Then, as to the church referred to, for which I
have a hereditary filial veneration, the Senator
is again mistaken in the facts, at this time at least.
I know the church well. It was the church that
was visited by my ancestry, and by General
Washington. It was about equi-distant between
the residence of the two. There was a contro-
versy about moving the church; but it was one of
those country controversies, an amicable and a
kind one, that very often arise between country
gentlemen in matters of rural interest. The church
is called the Pohick church. The estates in the
neighborhood were very large—large landed es-
tates—and at that day, of course the population
was thin. The estates in that neighborhood are
still comparatively large, but the land very poor.
Mount Vernon is one of the estates to which I
allude. That has been very much cut up and sub-
divided since the death of General Washington;
but this church of Pohick is in the condition of
many other churches of the same character in the
lower part of Virginia, where there was once not
a very populous neighborhood, but a wealthy one.
By the gradual subdivision of the land, and the
inroads that have been made by the sectarians
upon the established Church of that day, those
churches—built of materials brought from Eng-
land, the bricks certainly, and very large and mass-
ive establishments—have found themselves in the
mulst of a territory where either the sectarians
have got the advantage, or else the congregations
of the Church of England, as we called it, have
become thinner. That has been the case of the
Pohick church: but, so far from its being aban-
doned, I know that, by a voluntary subscription of
the descendants of those who built it, that church
has been put m good repair and in a state of pres-
ervation; and so doubtless will be preserved after
the honorable Senator and myself have been gath-
ered to on fathers. That is the condition of that
church, and that part of the State.
Mr. DOOL1T1LE. The statement which I
made was, that within the last ten years it was
in the unfortunate condition to which 1 referred;
but latterly, 1 understand4>ithin the lastfewyears,
it has been again restored.
Mr. MASON. It has been twenty years ago
that a subscription was taken, I know; for I was
quite a boy then. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The precise point of time
[ shall not dispute with the honorable Senator.
But his statement does not substantially conflict
with the facts which I stated, that the operations
of the system of slave labor, the cultivation of the
lands in large estates, and in tobacco, exhausting
the soil 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
add one additional fact, which happened to come
under my personal observation? Somcfewycars
ago I was on a visit to New England, and at
Plymouth, the historical interest of which we all
know, and to my astonishment I found that within
a very short distance of Plymouth, some two or
three miles, there was a wilderness where they
went to shoot deer, and I dare say wolves and
bears.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am glad the honorable
Senator has made a pilgrimage to Plymouth. 1
wish he might do it oftener. It has never been
my fortune to go there; but I understand that the i
neighborhood about Plymouth is, and always has j
been, barren; pretty nearly a sand bank which i
never lias in fact been cultivated to any consider- !
able extent, I referred to the once flourishing ;
condition within the neighborhood of the Pohick j
church, and to the dilapidated condition into |
winch it had lately fallen, ae the sanscquence of i
the system of cultivation of large plantations by
slaves, and the exhausting of the soil, until they
arc abandoned to desolation and decay. I ask the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Chesndt,] whether his experience does not ac-
cord with the same ? Is not the experience of the
whole country tending to show that when these
large plantations are cultivated by slave labor the
soil does become exhausted, ana that most rap-
idly, in the cultivation of a single crop, like to-
bacco, or cotton, or hemp, or any of the other
great staples cultivated with slave labor; and does
it not necessarily, in the end, give place to another
kind of husbandry, which nothing but free labor
can develop to make it successful?
Mr. CHESNUT. In reply to the Senator I
will say this: in all new countries where land is
abundant and fertile, and labor cheap, and there
is difficulty in manuring and improving the soil,
as a matter of course they go upon the new lands
in preference to the reclamation of the old; but in
the older States the fact is not so. I know from
personal experience that lands now, which were
owned a hundred years ago, are better to-day,
more fertile, produce more than they did twenty
years ago—to my own personal knowledge. We
are compelled to adopt a better system of culti-
vation, and I doubt if there exists a better system
anywhere, in all the old States, than in my own
State. But in all new countries, where you have
abundant fertile land, it is the easier to abandon
the old and cultivate the new; but in the older
States it is the reverse, and agriculture is improv-
ing more in South Carolina, or as much, as it is
in Now England, or anywhere else. The system
of slavery with us does not tend to exhaust and
destroy the plantation interest. That is my ex-
perience. I answer the Senator to that question.
Now, sir, while I am up, I will notice one or
two observations which the Senator made in rela-
tion to the Declaration of Independence and the
equality of the races. I do not think the Senator
has met the points which I presented yesterday,
at all. 1 am not inclined to travel back or go over
them; but J will notice one observation in relation
to the intentions of those who proclaimed the
Declaration of Independence. He cites certain
passages of that Declaration, particularly the pas-
sage which declares its application to the negro.
The men who drafted the Declaration of Independ-
ence presented that passage; but what did the
Congress? This proclamation was not the proc-
lamation of the committee who drafted it; it was
the proclamation of the continental Congress; and
when this paper came into the Congress, they
struck out the very passage which the Senator has
quoted. Therefore, it is evident that those who
made the Declaration of Independence did not in-
tend its application to the negro. I think that
point is concluded against^im. I am very glad
that the Senatoradnnts the inequality of the races.
I do not agree with him m one point. He admits
the equality of the races in different respects: first,
they are unequal; ill temperate latitudes the white
man is superior; but when you go to the tropics,
the negro, he says, is superior; so that he proves
in every respect a want of equality wherever they
happen to be together. I think that is an abandon-
ment of the whole argument of the question of
equality.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In the statement which I
made in relation to the Declaration of Independ-
ence, I did not go further than to state that this
was conclusive evidence of what was the mean-
ing of Jefferson, Adams, and Fianklm, when they
drafted the Declaration; but as the Senator has re-
ferred to the fact that the Congress which adopted
it, struck out those words, it is proper that I should
remind him of the fact, which 1 believe Mr. Jef-
ferson states, that they were so struck out by Con-
gress out of complaisance to the representatives
of South Carolina and Georgia, who desired still
to continue the African slave trade, which was,
m the same sentence, so strongly denounced.
Now, Mr. President, one single other observa-
tion in relation to the positions taken by that Sen-
ator yesterday, and I will proceed at oncc to the
discussion of the question before the Senate. The
Senator read certain statements going to show the
condition of the West India Islands, endeavoring
to show that the state of the West India Islands
was such as to demonstrate that nowhere on the
face of the earth could the colored population, in
a state of freedom, prosper to any considerable
