610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
sense of justice of the members themselves, and
to their own fcense of propriety. I trust that the
privileges of the House will not be invaded or vi-
olated, by any one, and I presume they will not be
—j,hatis,thatnogentleman will take up the time of
the House, unless he considers it u duty para-
mount to himself. For that reason i am induced
to object to the resolution.
But, being upon the floor, I move that the House
now proceed to the election of Speaker, voce,
and upon that I call the previous question.
Mr. NOELL. I second it.
Mr. REAGAN. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; when the fol-
lowing gentlemen failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Brown, Clark B. Cochrane, Reynolds, Riggb,
Shiima, StaJlworth, and Stratton.
During the call,
Mr. NIXON stated that Mr. Riggs had paired
off with Mr. Stratton, until Tuesday next at
noon.
Mr. PEYTON said: My colleague, Mr. Simms,
i3 still confined to his room -by sickness. I un-
derstand that he is paired off with Mr. Kilgore.
Mr, KILGORE. I understood this morning
from some gentleman upon the other wide that
Mr. SmMsJ.iad been paired this morning with
some other gentleman.
Mr. PEYTON. I do not know of any such
pair.
Mr. COVODE. I will state that a gentleman
upon the other side of the House requested me to
pair Mr. Simms with some gentleman upon this
side. After looking about I could find no person
here with whom 1 could pair him, and I proposed
to pair him with Mr. Clark B. Cochrane, and
it was agreed to make that pair for to-day.
Mr. PEYTON. In the conversation which I
had with that gentleman from this side, to whom
tho gentleman from Pennsylvania referred, 1 re-
fused to have Mr. Simms paired with Mr. Clark B.
Cochrane. Mr. Cl\rk B. CociiRANEcannotbe
here. My colleague is sick, and did not desire to
come out, and I therefore proposed to pair him olf
for the day; but he could be liere.
Mr. KILGORE. I had no knowledge of an-
other pair when 1 consented to pair with him. I
knew that Mr. Simms could be biought heic, and
knowing that fact I was willing to oxterid to him
that courtesy which has been heretofore extended
to other gentlemen. His friends proposed to send
a carriage for him, if he could not be paired. He
occupies a room near me, and I saw him this
morning upon the side-walk, and I knew he could
be brought here, though at some hazard, perhaps,
to himself. Under such circumstances I was will-
ing to pair with him; but if there was another
pair, of course I cannot consent to continue it.
Mr. PEYTON. I do not think then' is another
pair.
Mr. COVODE. The pair with Mr. Clark B.
Cochrane was made by a friend of Mr Simms.
I would state further, that it has been my business,
to some extent, to attend to these pairs. Gentle-
men have come to me repeatedly from that side
of the House, to have men paired, off, and I have
paired more than a dozen men since the meeting
of the present Congress, with men disabled upon
the other side, and not able to be brought hen?.
Mr. PEYTON. It is evident that Mi. Ci.ark
B. Cochrane could not be here, and cannot get
here, and consequently I was unwilling to pair
my colleague with him. I was informed by the
gentleman who went over to the other side to try
and arrange a pair, that he could pair Mr. Simms
with Mr. Clark B. Cochrane, and I said there
was no use m pairing bnn with Mr. Cochrane,
because Mr. Cochrane could not he here. 1 s;rid
I would not pair him with Mr. Cochrane, but
would ask some other gentleman to pajr with him.
I nif.tMi\ Kilgore, and he said that lie would
pair with Mr. Simms, and I accepted the pair, sup-
posing that it would be carried out.
Mr. KILGORE. I shall carry it out, if there
is not another pair,
Mr. OLIN. I do not know why the gentleman
from Kentucky states that Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane will not be here. I probably jenow more
about it than he does.
Mr. PEYTON. Perhaps the gentleman $oes,
Mr. OLIN. I understand that Mr. Cochrane
wasptired off, and expeetod to return before this
time. He is at present, unquestionably, out of
health, but 1 have assurances, on which I can rely,
that the statements which have been made about
him in the papers arc wholly without foundation.
He is in bad health, but I expect he will be here
in a few days.
Mr. COVODE. It is known to many gentle-
men that 1 have acted as a sort of pairmaster gen-
eral for this side of the House for some time past,
and I have time and again paired gentlemen on
this side, who were here and able to vote, with
gentlemen on the other side, who were absent
from sickness. Now, if gentlemen on the other
side are going to establish the rule that they will
not pair well men with sick men, all 1 have to say
is, that we on this side have always much fewer
sick men in the course of a session than they
have.
I understood that the pair was made between
Mr. Simms and Mr. Clark B. Cochrane; an$if
gentlemen do not intend to stand by the pairs as
arranged, I shall have to ask them to take the
trouble of making them oil'my hands.
Mr. PEYTON. I think it but right and cour-
teous that we should pair with gentlemen who are
indisposed, as we arc all liable to little attacks
of sickness that last a day or two; and I would
always do that. But I do not think that it is fair
to pair a man who is able to get here, and who
will probably be confined for a very short time,
with one who is at a distance, and who will prob-
ably be confined for along time. I am, therefore,
unwilling to pair my colleague with Mr. Claric
B. Cochrane; but if gentlemen opposite wish it,
we will pair Mr. Cochrane with Mr. Stall-
worth.
Mr TAYLOR. Mr. Clerk, if I understood
what fell from the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Covodl,] I infer from it that he regards the
refusal on the part of Mr. Peyton to pair off his
colleague with Mr. Ci.ark B. Cochrane, who is
now understood to be absent in a distant part of
the State of New York, as a refusal to make a
pair of the character of pairs that have been fre-
quent in this House.
Now, it will be remembered by the House, that
I had something to do with making a number of
pairs, because of the absence of a colleague of
mine; but I would beg those members to recollect
that the pairs m every instance were entirely of a
different character from this. My colleague, it is
true, was detained from his seat by illness; but he
was in this city; lie was within two squares of
this Capitol; and no pair was made upon the other
side except upon my assurance that he was m such
a condition that he could be brought into the
House for the purpose of voting. I acknowledge
the propriety of that requisition; and I never would
Tuue presumed to insist upon a pair had he not
beenmsudi a position that he could have been
brought here; fori placed the application for a
pair upon the ground that it was a courtesy which
should be extended to him, because, if he were to
come here, it might result m injury by producing
a relapse.
Mr. OLIN. I presume the gentleman does not
intend to say that we have not paired off gentle-
men with Democrats upon the other side who
have been wholly unable to attend. He will kc-
ollect that during the sickness of Mr. John Coch-
rane, day after day pairs were made hero, when
it was known that it was utterly impossible for
him to attend the House. Pairs have not been
confined to those cases where it was possible for
members to be brought here. They have been
made upon this side with members who were
utterly unable to attend. I
Mr. TAYLOR. I have no knowledge of that !
fact; but this I do know, that with n-specl to the 1
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Curry,] who was |
confined to his bed by serious indisposition, gen-
tlemen opposite refused to pair with him, and he
was brought here to the serious injury of his
health. That was only a few days since. Mr.
Curry was compelled to be brought here to vote,
because a pair was absolutely refused.
Mr. OLlN. The matter is arranged now. Mr.
Maclay hos agreed to pair off for to-day with Mr.
Clark B. Cochrane, and the pair between Mr.
Kilgore and Mr. Simms stands.
Further proceedings under the call were then
dispensed with.
The main question was then ordered4, and Mr.
Maynard's motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Clerk, the party with
which I have the pleasure to act in this House
yesterday pretty generally voted for Mr. Smith,
of North Carolina. We believed at the time
that wn had taken a move which would perhaps
result in an organization of the House. We
believed the professions of those on every side of
the House who said that they were willing to come
to the support of a sound, conservative, national
man, of any party, and elect him Speaker. It
was upon the faith of those pledges, if not ex-
pressed, implied, that, as such a man, Mr. Smith
was put before the House yesterday. I have been
approached by several gentlemen on both sides,
who stated that they did not like the way in which
Mr. Smitii was put forward; and that, in order
that they might understand what they were doing,
we should put him formally forward in nomina-
tion this morning. In compliance with that desire,
thus expressed—I may say, in compliance with
the expectation of the House — I now announce
that I have been instructed by my party formally
to put in nomination, as candidate for Speaker,
William N. II. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask whether
or not Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, can com-
mand the entire strength of the American party
in this House ?
Mr. MALLORY. In response to the gentle-
man from Georgia, I will say that I believe he can
and will. I believe that he ought to commandit,
and I believe that he will. I believe that he ought
and I believe that he will so command not only
the entire vote of the gentleman's party, but a
great many of the votes on this side of the House.
That is the reason I put him in nomination
Mr. MILES. I wish to trespass upon the at-
tention of the House for a single moment. What
I have to say is elicited from me in consequence
of what fell from the gentleman from Kentucky.
He alluded to the fact that there were gentlemen
upon this floor who were pledged to vote for an
American and who had indicated their determin-
ation to do so." I am one of the gentlemen on this
side of the House, who, in so many words, said I
was ready to vote for an American, an out and
out American, as I expressed it, in opposition to
the Republican nominee. I am perfectly willing
to vote for Mr. Smith, and I have said so from
the beginning; but I did not vote for Mr. Smith
yesterday, on either of the ballots then taken, be-
cause I did not consider that ho had been formally
put forward by the southern Opposition party. "I
did not think that it was fair for them to expect
us to go over to one of their men until they had
indicated a disposition themselves to give him
their united support. My first choicc for Speakoi
of this House was Mr. Bo cock. 1 believed at the
beginning, as I believe now, that he is altogether
the best gentleman upon this floor to fill that
chair. That is my honest and conscientious con-
viction, and I would prefer seeing Mr. Bococic
made Speaker to any other gen tleman in the House.
But, sir, as there is a disposition on our side of
the House to unite and harmonize the various ele-
ments of the opposition to the Republican party,
3 am quite ready to vote for Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina, and 1 will cheerfully do so now, as liu
has been formally put forward.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will add a word
to what has been said. It is known to the House
that the Legislative Assembly of Virginia have
passed resolutions requesting the Representatives
here from that State to support for Speaker any
sound, conservative, national man. I understand
Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, to come within
that category. - I learn that he is and has been
a member of the Whig party, and that he is not
and never has been a member of the American
party. I learn that he has had occasion to vote
neither pro or con. upon the Kansas question, it
strikes me, then, that he is a man upon whom
the various elements in opposition to the Repub-
lican party might more happily unite because of
his position politically than probably upon any
other man upon this floor. If he is not and never
has been a member of the American party, with
a view to the adjustment of the question of organ-
ization of this House, I think that the northwest-
ern Democratic members can afford to vote for
him. He has not voted on the Kansas question
pro or con., and he is, therefore, free from any
prejudices growing out of that question. There-
fore, sir, in view of tho present condition of the
