1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1631
extent. In discussing this question, it is not my
purpose to take the ground (tor I never have taken
that ground) that it would either be desirable, or
that we should aim to effect any such result as to
reduce the Gulf Status of this Confederacy to the
condition of San Domingo or Jamaica. No such
purpose has ever been avowed or entertained by
myself certainly; and I believe by none of the
Republican party. But we do maintain that, if
the colored population of the United States could
be colonized in some place in a tropical climate
congenial to their constitution, by the voluntary
action of States and individuals, without being in
a state of slavery, they can maintain themselves
in a state of very considerable advancement upon
their condition among us, if not in the highest
state of civilization; and we maintain that the col-
ony at Liberia has demonstrated such to be the
fact. The reports made from time to time by the
officers in charge of that colony demonstrate the
fact that it has been a success, not a failure; and
discouraging remarks are so often Qiade on this
floor and elsewhere in relation to the West Indies,
that I beg to call your attention to and to read a
few extracts from the speeches of the able men of
England in Parliament as late as 1859. Mr. Bux-
ton, in rising to move for a committee to inquire
into the present state of the West India Islands,
and the best means of promoting immigration, in
the course of his speech used this language, speak-
ing of Jamaica:
" Almost without exception, the sugar estates were heav-
ily incumbered. Mostol them were mortgaged tar beyond
then' value. The owner.? ot the estates weie always Snig-
gling with an incubus of debt which they could not possi-
bly bhake oft'. The effect of all that was, that even when
monopoly and slavery weie at their zenith, when even the
sugar of our own oriental dominions was not allowed to
compete with thdiison the same level, even then, petted
as they were by the laws of England, the West Indians
weie continually coming to the Government of the country
with the most doleful lamentations. That state of thing's
was a lcgacy which slaveiy and monopoly had left behind
them ; and then, when the price of sugar suddenly fell to
lefts than one half ivhat it had been a few years before, the
effect wds precise!) analogous to that of the famine upon
lieland. The piopuetoi* were tin own into deep distress.
All society was unhinged. The crash was teinbie. But
theie, as in our sistei country, the consequence was, that
the ownership of the soil changed hands. It passed from
those who were absentees, diowned m debt; it came into
the hands of those who were, for the most prat, lesident
and free from tho?e uammels. And now, what was. the
result? The result was that, although labor was still free,
thai although ttade was still fiec, oi rathei, he would say,
because labor was fiee, and because trade was tree, the
West Indies were now rising to a pitch of wealth and hap- ;
piness unknown to them before. It would be impossible
for him to lay befoie the House the immense ma&s of evi-
dence which demonstrated that fact. He was assured of
it by meicantile men ; he found it strongly set forth in the
reports from the Govemots of the islands, which iis>ed to
be full of dismay, and weie now biight with cheeilulness
and hope, but the keystone of the Well consisted of the
statistics furnished by the Board ol Tiade, winch showed
that the imports and e\ports together of the West Indies
and Guiana had amounted m the tout yeais emhnsr with
1853, to £33,500,000, anil in the lour yeaic ending with
1857, to £37.1)00,OuO, an jnciea>e of £4,500,000 m foui
yeais; and lurthor, that the annual exports of sugar, coileo,
cotton,ium,uiulco"(M,hadgietUiy Increased of late years.
c>o much had been «.aid of the ruinous !-tate of these
islands that peihaps the House would be surprised to learn
that the expoit- nom Gteal lintain to the West Indies, in
1857, exceeded her expoits, in that yeai, to Sweden, Noi-
way, Denmaik, Greece, the Azores, .Madeira, and Morocco,
all combined. Or peihaps it would give a more vivid idea
of the value to us oi tlie-e islands if w e mentioned that our
exports- to th'%in, in lb573 equaled our exports to the Chan-
nel Islands, Malta, the Ionian Inlands, the Mauritius, the
Gold Coast, the Gambia, Siena Leone, and what aie called
oui sundry possessions, all'together. Considering wnat
meie specks the West Indies look oil the mapot America,
it was astonishing that their trade to and fio should now
actually amount to £ 10,'r< ."55,000. That was the value of their
connnetee in the yeai'1857. He would only add that, m
1857, the value of the &ugar imported into tins country from
our West indies amounted to £o,618.0u0. Surely,all tins
demonstrated that lieu labor wa-. holdimr ih own, m spite
of the competition of slavery. Probably it would he said
that all this \va«* mamly due to the immigiants. In the last
five year*, twenty-five thousand imimgiantshad come to all
our West Indies, including a laigo number of women and
children. It was aitogrthei ab-mJ to imagine that this great
pio:,pemy wth owing to the labors of those few thou-,and
men ; and, m fact, the islands which had not lecerved im-
migiants were quite as flourishing as tho«e that had. Cleai-
ly."then, out We>t Indies weie possessions ot immense and
liicieasmg value."
Those are the statements of Mr. Buxton, and
he is followed, and sustained in his statements,
by Mr. Labouchere, and others, in the House of
Commons. I have read these extracts and re-
ferred to these facts m connection with the colony
m Liberia and the condition of the West India
Islands for the purpose of showing that it is pos-
sible somewhere upon this earth that even the
colored race can live and attain to a considerable
degree of civilization, if not in a perfect state,
without being subjected to the institution of sla-
very.
But, Mr. President, I have taken up much more
time in these preliminary remarks than I had in-
tended, and I propose now to direct myself to the
question before the Senate. The resolutions of
the State of Wisconsin declare what is undoubt-
edly true, that not only the Republican party of
that State favor the passage of a homestead bill,
but that its people are almost unanimously in
favor of the passage of the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives. I find myself
placed in a very different position from that oc-
cupied by the honorable Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown.] The other day he stated that the
instructions and the opinions of the people of his
State were such that he felt constrained, as a Sen-
ator representing them upon this floor, to vote
against a measure which both his judgment and
his heart approved. I find myself placed in no
such position. The people of Wisconsin are al-
most unanimous in favor of a measure in which
I fully concur. It is not, therefore, for myself
alone, nor for the Republican party of Wisconsin,
but for the whole people of that State, that I say
that I can sustain this measure as it came from the
House of Representatives, and sustain it heartily,
with the fullest convictions of my judgment and
understanding.
I shall sustain it because it disposes of the pub-
licdomain in accordance with natural right, found-
ing title to land in individuals upon actual pos-
session and cultivation; because it establishes each
homestead sufficient in size for a single family only,
as God originally created society, for a single pair,
male and female, with their infant offspring; and
none the less becausc it docs not tend to build up
large landed estates, to be worked either by ten-
ants, or with slaves; because it prefers actual set-
tlement to absenteeism, happy homes filled with
brave sons and blooming daughters, with well-
tilled fields and orchards and gardens, to the broad
uncultivated wastes of grasping speculators; be-
cause, in all its provisions, this bill respects man
more than his incidents, and regards him more for
what he is, than for what he has; 111 a single word,
sir, it regards man more than money;because, 111
opening to settlement our domain, it makes no
invidious distinctions against our brethren from
the Old World, just as it'there could be any possi-
ble difference where a man happened to be born.
"Tliou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself," is
the language of the New Testament. " We have
land enough,and to spare—bread enough, and to
spare," is the language of this bill, addressed not
only to the children of our own States, but to the
children of all Christendom: " Come and enjoy
them, without money and without price; all we
ask of you, if foreign born, is your sworn alle-
giance before you enter upon your settlement, and
that you shall become citizens before you perfect
your title." In the providence of God, we hold,
under the Constitution, this vast domain, not for
ourselves of the present generation only, but for
all generations; for all who may come, as our
fathers came, and many of us came, to unite for
themselves and children, their fortunes,allegiance,
and destiny with us and our children forever.
I support this bill also, for another reason, be-
cause if followed, as I hope it will be, by another
enactment, which shall withhold from sale all the
public lands until they shall have been opened for
settlement under this bill for a long period of time,
it will be«ome, in my judgment, a measure of
peace with the Indian tribes. The direct tendency
of their jomt.operation would be to make our set-
tlements on the borders more compact: and while
those settlements themselves would enjoy almost
all the advantages of older communities, they
would become so strong tor self-defense as to put
an end to all Indian depredations, which are the j:
prolific sources or pretexts lor Indian wars. j!
I sustain this measure also, Mr. President, be- >'
cause, with a very simple enactment in connection |
with it, it can be made more efficient than alloth- |
ers, as a Pacific railway measure. I know not !
how it maybe on the Texas route; but on the j
central and the northern routes, if you will but
, pass this bill, opening all the surveyed lands to
i settlement, and pass an act winch shall direct the
j surveys of the land on each side of those routes
I for forty miles, reserving from settlement,, te the
States and Territories through which they pass,
the alternate sections for one half that width, sub-
ject always to preemption at $2 50 per acre, one
half of which shall be sold and expended as the
work progresses, and the other half expended
when it shall be completed, you will direct upon
those lines armies of emigration across this con-
tinent in almost solid columns. Behold those
steadily advancing columns, planting, as they go,
homesteads for freemen and their wives and little
ones, peaceful in their progress, and yet more
majestic and powerful than the grand army of
^apoleon, creating, at the same time, the neces-
sity for, and the means to build and to sustain
those lines of railway to the Pacific. Sir, where
ever those columns move, they demand, and will
have, with or without Government aid, the great
material engine of modern civilization—railway
communication.
Mr. President, by adopting this wise policy,
you will develop across this continent, upon these
lines, free and independent States, and thus bind
forever in fraternal embrace the Atlantic and the
Pacific coasts. By throwing such a column of
emigration along the central route into Utah, you
will overwhelm Mormonism and polygamy, aa
with a flood, wiping them out more efficiently than
by penal enactments or with theAimy. Take
men with their wives and children, and plant them
in sacred homes, and rear freedom's al£ars and
firesides all over the Territory of Utah, and you
will put an end to that blighting and cancerous
curse now resting upon that Territory.
I sustain this measure also, because its benign
operation will postpone for centuries, if it will not
forever, all serious conflict between capital and
labor in the older free States, withdrawing their
surplus population to create in greater abundance
the means of subsistence.
I support this measure, also, because it will
enable the poor non-slaveholding white men of
the slave States to escape from the crushing bur-
den of a system, whose ablest advocates on this
floor boast that in those States there never can be
a conflict between capital and labor, for the sim-
ple reason that capital is the absolute master, and
labor its captive, and, though well fed, its uncon-
ditional slave.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator explain
what Senator he alludes to as having stated that
proposition ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. T allude to the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] I am not quoting
his precise words, but the substance of his lan-
guage, in which, if I recollect aright—and I be-
lieve I am not mistaken—the honorable Senator
from Virginia contended that there could be no
conflict between capital and labor in the slave-
holding States; that there that conflict could never
come; and he went further, and said that we of
the free States were but making an experiment,
which had not yet been fully determined; and on
account of the conservative influence and power
of the slaveholding States, they could not only
prevent any such conflict among themselves, but
that they, as our sister States in the Union, might
help sustain us 111 carrying out our own great
experiment of free labor. Of course, I do not pre-
tend to quote llie precise language of the Senator,
but the idea advanced by him in his speech.
Mr. WIGFALL. I merely wanted to draw
the attention of the Senator, and asked him the
question, in order that things might not go out
here published as taken pro confesso against us on
this side. His statement, as I understood it—and
I was listening to him—was that it had been said
by Senators from the South—and he now alludes
to Mr. Hunter—that capital at the South owned,
not only the slaves, but the white men.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not say that.
Mr. WIGPALL. That was the substance.
Mr. HUNTER. I certainly made no such
statement.
Mr. WIGFALL. Allow me one minute. I
beg, if there is a dispute about what the Senator
said, tliat the reporter may read what he did say
before he goes on.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That would be an ex-
traordinary thing; but I can repeat to the Senator
what I did say.
Mr. WIGFALL. Well, repeat it.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I can repeat the precise
words, I think. I said, I sustain this measure also,
because it will enable the non-slavenolding labor-
