I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. op Reps.
tending the crimes act over Louisiana, declared
that all laws of the Territory in force before the
passage of the act should be and continue in force
until repealed or changed by the authority of the
new government then created. The local govern-
ment, and that alone, had the control over all local
offenses; and, accordingly, the first Legislative
Council that was convoked within the limits of
the Territory of Louisiana—or rather, the Terri-
tory of Orleans, for that was the name given to
the government over that portion of the province
of Louisiana now embraced in the State of Lou-
isiana—adopted a general act for the punishment
of crimes; and I say, now, that there cannot be
found in the whole history of the jurisprudence
of that State an instance in which the crime of
murder, of larceny, or any other offense of that
character, committed within the boundaries of the
Territory, was ever punished or prosecuted within
its limits, under the authority of the crimes act of
the United States.
When the territorial government of Louisiana
was established, there was also a government es-
tablished for the northern part of the same Terri-
tory, known by the name of the district of Lou-
isiana. That district of country had a very small
number of people within its limits. Legislative
authority was intrusted to certain officers, who
then exercised power in the Territory of Indiana,
which was contiguous to it. Well, sir, what did
the new legislative power do ? The first act passed
by it was one making provision for the punish-
ment of crimes.
Now, sir, it is not my purpose to follow the cre-
ation of territorial governments, and to show
that in each and every one of them there was a
code in existence for the punishment of crime;
and that there is no instance in which the Gov-
ernment of the United States ever exercised any
power of that sort, or m which its crimes acts
were in operation within the limits of an organized
Territory for the punishment of local crimes. If
these crimes acts operated in the Territories of
the United States at all, then they operated through-
out their whole extent. If this was so, then there
was no need of legislation on the part of the Con-
gress of the United States for the punishment of
the crime of murder, &c., in the unoccupied Ter-
ritories of the United States. But Congress has
so legislated. But did it do so on the ground that
it had a general power to legislate for the punish-
ment of crime 111 a Territory beyond the limits of
any organized territorial government? Not at all.
It has based the special and peculiar legislation
necessary in such unoccupied Territories upon no
such ground, but upon a precise and express
grant of power contained m another provision of
the Constitution, namely, that giving Congress
the power " to regulate commerce" with the In-
dian tribes; and I now say that, so far as my
knowledge goes, there is not an instance known
to the jurisprudence of the United States in which
an offense has been punished under an act of Con-
gress passed for the punishment of crimes, unless
it was within the limits of the Indian territory
west of the States of Arkansas and Missouri,
under the authority of this provision of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Louis-
iana admits that the Congress extended, by ex-
press enactment, the crimes act to the Territory
of Louisiana, which punished murder, larceny,
mayhem, and a great many private offenses, as
well as the public offenses to which he has re-
ferred. It is true, that that act did not embrace
every kind of crime; and they gave authority to
the Legislature to pass other laws upon the sub-
ject. The gentleman from Louisiana has stated
that the very first act which the Legislative Coun-
cil passed was a crimes act. Now, I wish to ask
the gentleman if that very Territorial Legislature
which passed that crimes act did not, in the be-
ginning of that law, declare that they were au-
thorized by an act of Congress to pass the law—
the first law being an act punishing with death the
stealing of a slave ?
Mr. TAYLOR. There never was an instance
within the limits of Louisiana in which the crime
of murder, or arson, or larceny, committed upon
the soil of Louisiana, was ever punished except
by the operation of the local law, which was de-
rived either from the authority of Spain or France,
or from the action of the local Legislature. It was
necessary to extend the crimes act over the Ter-
ritory for the purpose of giving effect to the laws
of the United States for the punishment of crimes
committed within the admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction of the United States, and of crimes
committed against the laws of the United States,
such as the revenue laws, the Post Office laws,
&c., which it was competent for the Congress of
the United States to pass, and which were to op-
erate everywhere where the national Government
extended—in the various States as well as in the
Territories. But I will ask the gentleman to re-
member that the position which he takes, if car-
ried out to its logical consequence, would result
in this: that no Territory, whilst it existed in a
territorial condition, would have any authority to
legislate on the subject of crimes, because, if Con-
gress has any power to punish crimes in the Ter-
ritories, it is under the grant of power made in
the eighteenth clause of the eighth section of the
first article of the Constitution; and that power is
expressly declared to be "exclusive power of
legislation." Now it is well known to the gentle-
man that it has always been judicially held that
when Congress has exercised any power which
is declared in the Constitution to be exclusive,
such action overrode all other legislation, and
rendered impossible any exercise of authority
over the same subject from that moment, on the
part of even a State government.
[Here Mr. Taylor gave way for a motion to
adjourn, which, after some discussion, was voted
down.]
I am sorry that these interruptions have oc-
curred, because I only desired to make a very few
remarks in addition to those already made, to
show the grounds upon which 1 hold that Con-
gress has no power to pass such a measure as this.
I stated that there was 110 instance in the history
of the action of our Government in which an act of
Congress providing for the punishment of crimes
had operated,or been intended to opcnite, in a local
jurisdiction over which there was a regular muni-
cipal government; and I think that the failure to
legislate with such a view grew out of the fact
that it was the universal belief of our public men
that Congress had no power to legislate upon a
subject which was m its nature local or municipal,
beyond the limits of the places designated in the
eighteenth clause of the eighth section of the first
article of the Constitution, to which I have before
referred. I think that view is confirmed by the his-
tory of the vai ious Territories; and not only that,
but by the legislation ofCongress itself. Now, sir,
if itis true that the provisionsof these acts punish-
ing crimes, under the authority of the Congress of
the United States,extended over the territoryofthe
United States, there would have been no necessity
for the passage of the act of which I have spoken,
to operate m the Indian territory, west of Arkansas
and Missouri, so far as to the provisions contained
in it, by which murder and various other crimes
were puftished. The crimes act of 1790 provided
for the punishment of murder,&c. I fit had the op-
eration the gentleman from Virginia claims for it,
the punishment of these crimes was already provi-
ded for, and the new provisions were superfluous.
But it did not have such an operation, in the opin-
ion of Congress, and it was necessary that there
should be such legislation, and Congress gave that
legislation. Andupon wluxtauthority ? Not upon
the authority under which the ciimes act was
passed; because that had already been exerted,
and it did not, and could not, roach crimes commit-
ted in that quarter; but they applied that species
of legislation to the white population in that terri-
tory. under the authority given to Congress to
regulate commerce with the Indian tribes. It is
from that clause that the authority to pass thatact
is derived. Ifit is not given by that provision, it
is not given at all, and the power does not exist.
That is the opinion of jurists, and I believe it is
the opinion of statesmen.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have said all that I de-
sire to say upon this subject, m relation to the
want of power in Congress to pass this bill; and
I think I have shown that it has been the settled
policy of this Government not to pass acts which
m their nature involve local and municipal legis-
lation, by the authority of Congress, to operate
within the limits of any organized Territory. And
now, sir, let me say that I am unwilling, by my
vote upon a bill of this character, to depart from
the established practice of the Government of the
United States. I am unwilling, by my vole, to
yield my assent to an implied recognition of the
doctrine that Congress can cxercisc any such au-
thority—I mean, that it can legislate upon a local
or municipal subject within the limits of any othe*
Territory than that particular and limited extent
of territory ceded to it to become the seat of^he "
national Government, and those other places pur-
chased by the United States, with the consent of
the States in which they arc situated, for the con-
struction of fortifications, or the dock-yards, ar-
senals, magazines,&c., which maybe retfuiredfor
the public service.
Mr. JENKINS. Before the gentleman from
Louisiana takes his seat, I desire to ask him one
or two questions, not with a view of embarrass-
ing him, but because I have been very much in-
terested in his argument, and desire to understand
it more perfectly. I understand the gentleman to
say that Congress has no power under the Con-
stitution, within the organized Territories of the
United States, to pass laws, or to extend its laws
over them, for the punishment of murder or any
other crime punishable under the criminal law.
Do 1 understand the gentleman correctly?
Mr. TAYLOR. Yes, sir.
Mr. JENKINS. Then I understand the gen-
tleman to say, again, that he docs not believe Con-
gress can pass laws for the punishment of such
crimes, cxccpt in the dock-yards, the arsenals,
forts, and the District of Columbia. I ask the
gentleman what bccomes of the unorganized ter-
ritories ?
Mr. TAYLOR. There is no law in operation
in the unorganized territories of the United States,
as I understand it, for the punishment of crimes,
nor is Congress authorized to pass any law, with
that object, fopsuch territories, except so far as
laws have been passed, or may hereafter be passed
by Congress,under the authority to regulate com-
merce with the Indian tribes.
Mr. JENKINS. Then I understand the gen-
tleman* to hold that, if this Government shall ac-
quire i^ew territory hereafter, this Congress can
pass no law for the punishment of the crime of
murder in such Territory while it remains unor-
ganized.
Mr. TAYLOR. That is a question I have not
thought much upon; but it is my conviction that,
without an absolute necessity for it, Congress
should not exercise suchapowor. I think it would
be found, in such a contingency, that Congress
would secure to such Territory the legislation ne-
cessary for the maintenance of peace and order
in precisely the same way in which it has, I be-
lieve, uniformly met the difficulty heretofore: that
is, by attaching that portion of territory, within
which it wished to give such protection to persons
in their rights of property and to punish crime, to
some other territorial government, and allowing
that territorial governmentto extend its laws over
the new Territory, for the preservation of peace
and order.
[Some conversation here took place between
Mr. Olin and Mr. Taylor, the purport of which
the reporter could not understand.]
Mr. TAYLOR proceeded:
I may, and undoubtedly shall, at some future
time, present for th$ consideration of the House
my views upon the territorial question in certain
aspects. I shall do it possibly in a speech, and
possibly in a report, as the subjcct is before the
committee of which I am a member, in a shape in
which it will be necessary to meet it. But I would
say to the gentleman, that the power to organize a
territorial government is one thing, and the power
to adopt local and municipal laws for the control
of the local affairs of any particular community is
another. My own opinion is, that the onlypower
which this Government can exercise directly
within the limits of a Territory, must be exer-
cised through the agency of the executive power
of the nation, and that Congress can interfeie
with it or control it in no other wayjtban by the
exercise of the authority given it "to make all
laws necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution" the executive power " vested in the Gov-
ernment of the United States." 1 r.m, for one,
persuaded that the power of Congress to organize
