1860.
TJHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
such a thing to be done, day after day, there
would be an end of the legitimate business of the
House. The effect of it would be, if ive allowed
the minority of this committee to come before the
House and ask the judgment of the House 011 the
business of that committee before a final report,
other committees might come and do the same.
A majority of the committee must decide the mat-
ter; and a minority of the committee has 110 right
to bring it before the House till the report is made.
Then it would be a proper matter for comment.
I say again, that if gentlemen on the other side
desire toinvestigate'the election of Mr. Scranton,
or any other on this side, let them say so, and
they can have the investigation.
Mr. COVODE. I will say to the gentleman
that no such charge has ever been made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the House for its
courtesy. * 1
Mr. BOCOCK. The committees of the House,
Mr. Speaker, aie the creatures of the House.
They act under its direction, and by its authority.
The House has a right, whenever regularly called
upon, to interpose and supervise the action of its
committees, and to correct them if they do wrong.
As to how the House should get information in
regard to the action of the committees, that is an-
other matter about which I need not speak. This
information is before us. Being before us, we
have 110 cause to inquire how it got here, but have
to act upon it as it is.
Now, sir, what is the question on which
we are called to act' This famous committee,
raised 011 motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Covode,] has been engaged weeks, I
may say months, in taking testimony designed to
implicate and criminate the principal executive
officers of the country. As I understand, not one
witness has been summoned to explain or rebut
that testimony.
Mr. COVODE. Oh, yes; a good many.
Mr. BOCOCK. I state it, as my understand-
ing of the matter, that this committee has been
engaged weeks and months in attempting to con-
vict and criminate the Administration, and the
gentlemen on the committee who wish for fair
play have been compelled to come to the House
and ask it to compel the committee to allow them
a chance to bring forward rebutting testimony
Now, sir, see how the matter appears. Here we
are within two weeks of the end of the session,
according to the resolution of this House. When
the end of the session comes, this testimony is to
go before the country. In the fall of the year
we are to have a presidential election, and this
exparte. one-sided testimony—without anything
being introduced in behalf of the minority—-is to
be used to poison and prejudice the public mind.
I appeal to the judgment' and the verdict of the
public 111 regard to this matter, and I ask what
faith is to be given, what weight to be attached,
to an investigation conducted under such circuni-
stances as these? And, sir, when the minority
of the committee has beeli compelled to come be-
fore this House to ask its interposition to enable
them to get some testimony 011 behalf of these ac-
cused parties, the gentleman from Ohio rises and
moves to lay the whole subject on the table; and
all for the dispatch of business !
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia allow me to correct him in one mistake r
He stated that there were no witnesses brought
before the committee to rebut the testimony. 1
will say that there have been a number—among
them the Attorney General. The Attorney Gen-
eral was before the committee this very day.
Mr. EOCOCK. Who summoned him; and for
what ?
Mr. COVODE. We have allowed my worthy
colleague [Mr. Winslow] to invite witnesses to
come whenever lie thought proper.
Mr. BOCOCK. I understand from your wor-
thy colleague that all the witnesses have been
summoned by you, and with a view to find out
something against the Administration; that you
have been prying into the secrets of Cabinet coun-
cils and into private conversations with the Presi-
dent; and that all that your worthy colleague
had the power to do was to cross-examine your
witnesses.
Mr. COVODE. My colleague will tell you that
We allowed him to subpena witnesses.
Mr. WINSLOW. I do not know any wit-
nesses that I brought except Mr. Horace P.
Clark, who did me the favor to come here with-
out subpena, and he came because he had been
alluded to in the previous testimony.
Mr. COVODE. The gentleman has brought
Mr. Martin and Judge Black. '*
Mr. WINSLOW. Judge Black had been sum-
moned by the committee, and I afterwards got him
back to cross-examine him. Mr. Martin I did
summon.
Mr. COVODE. Have I refused to summon one
of the set? That is the proper question.
Mr. BOCOCK. The motion now before the
Honse is based on your refusal, and how is that
received? The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] moves to lay the whole subject on the table;
and on the ground that it is necessary for the dis-
patch of public business. Why, sir, we are paid
by the year. Wc have the year before us. And
are we to be told that the committee is to crimin-
ate public officers, and seek to carry elections by
ex parte and one-sided testimony, and that we are
to be cut off from an examination in defense of
accused persons, because, forsooth, an adjourn-
ment, fixed by ourselves, presses upon our heels?
Why did the committee refuse to summon these
witnesses ? Examine their pretext.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Co-
vode] moved for a committee to inquire into the
use of money in the Petinsylvaniaelections; what
amount was there used; by whom and by whose
authority it was done; and to report the names
of the parties implicated. That committee was
charged to inquire "in what districts" themoney
was expended. And what does he allege now as
a reason why he has not had these witnesses sum-
moned? Because they were not connected with
the Government. Then, sir, I10 wanted nothing
that did not criminate the Government. He has
come before the House, and gone before the coun-
try, declaring that he wished to investigate into
the whole subject of the use of money, especially
in the Pennsylvania elections. The resolution
under which he was appointed refers in terms as
much to the congressional as to the presidential
election. Now, he comes and says that he wants
no witnesses who may not be supposed from their
position to be able to provesomethmg against the
Government. A suggestion has been made to
the committee that a member of this House
(againstwhom I am not here to impute anything)
owes his election to the improper use of money,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania will have
nothing to do with it, because it does not apply
to the Government. He wants to find outwhere
wrong was, provided that wrong was 011 the part
of the adverse party.
Mr. COVODE. I say that no such chaige has
been made against any member of the House.
My colleague explained that no such charge had
been marie against anybody.
Mr. BOCOCK. I said a suggestion to that ef-
fect had been made. I did not designate it as a
charge. We are now kindly and graciously told
by the gentlemen from Ohio—we are told in a most
kind and liberal and pationizmg manner—that if
any member will get up here, and say he has rea-
son to believe that Mr. Scranton was improperly
elected, he will give us a committee. Indeed,sir!
Then he admits that he has done wrong. Hecries
peccavi! When the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia came with his drag-net resolution, he did not
pretend to say that he vouched for one word of
the sweeping assertion. He did not pretend to
say that he had any good reason to believe that any
wrong had been done or any corruption practiced.
It was a case peculiarly requiring some sponsor.
We, on the contrary, called upon him to state
whether he had any such good reason, and he was
mum; he said nothing. Yes, either then or sub-
sequently, he said the President had, in a letter,
complained about the use of money, and lie wished
to see which side had used the money: that is to
say, he wished to prove that the party opposed
to himself [Mr. Covode] had used money, and
if he could not prove that, he did not want to
prove anything.
But the gentleman from Ohio tells usnowthat,
if anybody on this side of the House will get up
and say that he has good reason to believe that
Mr. Scranton, or anybody else, has been elected
improperly, he will vote us a committee. Yes,
sir; these Covode resolutions, to inquire into
everything; to sweep the whole face 01 theoarth
with drag-nets; to question every sort of witness
that may be brought before the committee; un-
successful bidders for contracts; disappointed
office seekers; bitter political adversaries; those
that have been piqued by fancied inattention of
any sort; every person with fancy to imagine or
malignity to invent anything against the Admin-
istration—these resolutions were passed without
any vouchers for the probable truth of a single
charge set forth in them. But when it is proposed
to look into the actings and doings of men on their
side, then they want some responsible man to get
up and.say that he has good reason to believe the
charges. _ They will then give us a new commit-
tee. Why have a new committee, when this very
committee has a right to inquire into this whole
subject? The resolutions under which the'com-
mittee was appointed do not say that the commit-
tee shall examine into the use of money in the
presidential election, or by Democrats alone.
The last resolution gives to the committee the
right to examine into the use of money in all
elections, and by any and everbody—members of
Congress as well as members of the Executive
Departments. But most of the members of Con-
gress from that State are of the other party, and
therefore it would perhaps be well, in the opin-
ion ofthoso gentlemen, to restrict the operations of
this resolution to members of the executive; and
so now when within two weeks of the end of the
session, upon suggestion made, we wish to look
into the case of members of Congress on their side,
they require a responsible voucher for the prob-
able truth of the charge, and then they will or-
ganize a new committee for this investigation.
Here is the fairness with which we are treated !
Let it go befoie the country. Tins Covode com-
mittee will be up again and again. We cxpect
to meet it at every turn. Come when it will, I
am sure ft will come in a mostquestionable shape;
and wc will question it most strictly and closely.
I think myself—I humbly submit it—that the
very best thing the gentleman from Pennsylvania
could do, under all the circumstances, would be
to ask the House to discharge him and his com-
mittee I know he has a difficult path to pursue.
It could not, under the circumstances, be other-
wise. He has gone out on a crusade against char-
acter and reputation; and whenever g. man enters
on such a crusade as he has now engaged in, he
must take the chances. In other words, he must
run the gauntlet. He may decline my advice and
resolve to go on. If so, we tell him plainly where
we stand. "We do not stand here to represent the
Administration specially, or the exclusive inter-
ests of any particular political party, but we do
stand here in the name of the people, to see that
equal and exact justice is done to all. Gentlemen
upon the other side have us in their power. It is
glorious to have a giant's power, but not always
glorious to use it as a giant. They have us in
their power, and may be disposed to use their
power. We have one resort left. We appeal to
the country.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It was my mis-
fortune 
Mr. WINSLOW. Before the gentleman from
Maine proceeds, I desire, as an act of justice to
Mr. Hart, to have read a letter from the Treasury
Department, which I sent for, and which has just
been sent to me.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Tur.Asi.-RY Depaiitmen-t, Jvne % I860.
Sir : I inclose you, in reply to your note of this date, a
copy of an unofficial letter irom the collector of customs lit
New York, which will inform you of the causes which in-
duced the Department to send Mr. Hart to Europe.
As the investigation is still in progress, you will peiceive
at once the propriety of alluding to the matter only in gen-
eral terms, as any publicity (riven of the &pecial cases in-
volved might lead to the withholding or suppression ot im-
portant evidence.
I am, very respectfully, P■ CLA\ 1 ON,
Acting Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Warren Winslow, House of Representatives.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have here a letter, sent
to me from the Treasury Department, which con-
tains full confirmation of the statement that this
gentleman went to Europe on most important
business; but on reading the letter, I fully concur
with the Acting Secretary, that it is not compat-
ible with the public interests to have it placed in
a position where it will get to the press of the
country. Does the gentleman from Maine desire
to address the House <
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
that there is a motion pending to lay the resolu-
