I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
\W
36tii Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Polygamy in the Territories—Mr. Nelson.
Ho. of Reps.
So, without dwelling upon the extraordinary pro-
visions of this statute, I insist that it is in viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States, and
that a strong obligation rests upon us to repeal it.
And, Mr. Speaker, I presume it is to some of
the extraordinary powers which are conferred
upon this corporation by llie statute to which I
have adverted, that we may ascribe many of those
outrageous and unparalleled transactions which
have transpired in Utah, to some of which allu-
sion has already been made in the progress of this
discussion, and which are mentioned especially
in a charge delivered, some time since, by Judge
Cradlebaugh to a jury in that Territory. I read
from the National Intelligencer of May 24,1859,
copied from the Valley Tan, a paper published in
SaltLakeCity, on the 12th April, the following:
" In summing up the evidence in the cases of the mur-
ders ol llie Paiialies and Potter, Judge Cradlebaugh said :
" c Until i commenced the examination of' the testimony
in this case, I always supposed that I lived in a land ol civil
and religious liberty, in winch we were secuied bytheCon-
HiUition of out countiy the right to remove, at pleasure,
from one poition ot our domain to another ; and also, that
we enjoyed the puvilcge oi' worshiping God according to
the dictates of our own conscience. But I icgret to say
that the evidence in this case clearly pioves that, so Jhr as
Utah iri concerned, [ have been mistaken m such supposi-
tion. JMen are murdered heie; coolly, deliberately, pre-
meditatedly murdered. Their murdei is delibciated and
determined upon by chinch council meeting*, and tJj.it, for
no other rear-on than that they had apostatized fioin your
chuieli and weie striving to leave the Tcrntory. You are
the tools, the dupc-5, the instruments of a tyrannical ehuich
despotism. The head^of yourchurch order and dnectyou.
You are taught to obey their oiders and commit these hor-
rid muiders. Deprived of your hbeity, you have lo:-t your
manhood, and become the willui^ instalment* of bad men.
I say to you that it will be my earnest efi'oit wiule with you
to knock otfyoui ecclesiastical shackles and set you 1'iee.' ^
In order further to show the condition of affairs
in Utah, growing out of the unrestrained action
of that corporation, and the remarkable and the
dangerous powers conferred upon it, 1 read an
extract from the Prairie Beacon, published in Illi-
nois, March 16, 1860, which was copied by that
paper from the St. Joseph Journal:
" We ha\e been shown a lettei received by a gentleman
in this city from an ntlicerof the Anny, datedCairip Floyd,
Febiuaiv lo, 1860. and he reiterates what ha* been said
concerning the mmdeis, and remarks : ' Pj .wate assassina-
tions have assumed quite an alarming position heie. Be-
sides tiie cold-blooded murders I have written to you he-
fore, on; of which tivals themo&t atioeiouson the criminal
recoid, not long since a corporal m the seventh and a pu-
vate in the fifth infantiy, most excellent fiicnds, received
permission to take a ride, and alter going a shoit distance
were set upon and murdeied. Such i.- the inference.as the
body of one, with his head severed fiom his body, was
found ncai a Mormon town, and ins companion and the
mules gone. Tiieie ia no doubt of the lact that the Mor-
mons niuuhued them both for their mules and < lothcs, and
then seeietofl one of the bodies, so as to make it appear
that lie murdered his eonnade and deseifed, taking the
mules with hun. A corporal of diagoons having been
missed, seaieh v\a& instituted, and his corpse was found
near camp, with three bullet holes in his head; and men
going out to walk or hunt have frequently been robbed of
their coats, &c. Thus matters stand, and if the present
Adminu nation is considered weak and puerile in the Army,
who can be sui priced at it3'
" Such being the facts m the ea^e, how can any one help
feehng that the Administiation is - weak and pueriler'
Murdeis ot the mo--t auocious kind are of daily oceuirence,
while the peipetrators go unpunished, and we learn fiom
the telegrams that the papers are now tc ad\ and waiting the
signature ol the S<""*retarj of War to remove the Aum, tiie
onlv safeguard to our emzetis. This done, the demons who
now revel on the spoils of the slamwitl exterminate cveiy
one in the valley who docs not yield to the behests of the
chuich. and acknowledge the lecheiousold traitor, Bngham
Young, a propliet. We smeeiely hope that if they do
remove the troops. Congress v\jll take the matter in hand
and have them icplaeed, with additional «.tteiigth, in ^alt
Lake City, and when a muider is committed, leiret it out
and execute the offender. Thememoiyoi the Mountain
Meadow massacre is still fre-h in our mmd*. of whole fam-
ilies destroj'ed, of young gnls violatedand tlien murdered,
and the murderers walking the streets of Salt Lake City,
with tiie garment^ of their victims upon their persons.
TiK scare fact* that ery aloud foi vengeance. and it will
eoine alter this present imbecile Administiation goes out of
power, if not before.
'•Just at tins tune the Auny at that point should be
strengthened, not removed. Ftom tue extiact published
above, it will be seen that muiders are on the increase.
Then why withdiaw the ttoops f It will be a virtual ac-
knowledgment that the United State* is too weak to pto-
tect the lives and propeity of its citizens on the plains or
in the vales of CJtah. iiy tin'* move they leave them to the
meiey of a set of fiend's, who know no mercy, no law, but
who murder and plunder at will. Truly, this is a terrible
state of affairs, and much to be deplored. But instead of
its getting better, it is daily giowtng1 worse. The present
Govomoi (Cummmss) is a mere cipher, and moves and
breathes at the dictation of the Ptophet, who is, in fact, the
ruler and dictator of Utah, and who nevei loses an oppor-'
tuinty t® annoy and injure the eitizene of th« State."
Such are the statementsin the public prints; and
similar to it was the statement made some time
previously, as I have shown, by a United States
judge, in his charge to a jury in Utah. It would
not be difficult to multiply evidences of the many
atrocities which are said to have been perpetrated
in that remote and unique region of our country;
but I forbear to do so; though with the permis-
sion of the House I desire to have incorporated
in my remarks a statement taken from the Na-
tional Union, a paper published at Winchester,
Kentucky, dated 16th March, 1860, and copied
by that paper from the Lexington Observer and
Reporter, which I ask the House to consider as
being read.
The statement is as follows:
" Affairs in Utah. —The editor of the Valley Tun, an
American paper published in Salt Lake City, Utah, which
iias been active in exposing the atiocities of the Mormon
chuich, has received a warning fiom the city Mormon au-
thorities, that they w ill not be responsible for his personal
safet\—the English of which is that they will see that lie is
put out of tiie way. The editor meets these threats defi-
antly. lie says: '
" 1 in addition to that statement, I will add that murder
lias been sanctioned fiom the pulpit of the Mormon taber-
nacle in this citj ; and theie is incontestable pruaf on recoid
that men have been muidered in thisTemtoiy. whose death
was deliberated about, and decided on, in a meeting or
meetings over which a person holding a high position in
the Moimon chuich presided; and if any one sees pioper
to den> tin? statement,the record^shail be forthcoming, ft
is on lecoid, further, that atrocities have been committed
against the pei&on of a man m this Territory, compared with
winch murder would be tender kindness, and that ecclesi-
astical authorities weie also concerned in tins ti.msaetion.
Ii tins is denied, the proof bhall also be ptoduccd.'
'* The state of things u Inch exists in Utah, it is well le- ;
marked by the Cincinnati Enquirer, is unparalleled. No I
<;uch despotism exists oil the lace of the eai th. The eonn-
tivi.sjio moreundet the authonty of the law s of the United
States than Tuikeyand China. The effoits which have
been made bv T'mt«'d States judge*, attorneys, nrnl lnai-
shais. to cxercn-c junsdietrom have been lesiste.d by the
Mormons, and have pioved utiei tailuies. Thi->e ofhcials
have mostly cume home and abandoned the Tcrntory, as
they have not been suppoitt d bj a military force, without
winch nothing can be done, it has been pioved beyond
a doubt that the Ai Kansas cmigiaut*—o\er one hundred in
number—who weie ina^acied at Mountain Meadow, met
then destruction from the Moimons, who instigated and
bribed the Indians in its perpetration. The investigations
of Judge Cradlebaugh weie conclu.-ivc on this point.
it is dissiacetul to the nation that it has allowed such
atrocities to go unpunished, and that it has submitted to
see its Constitution and Jaw® set aside in one of its Terri-
tories, and a foreign despotism established in its stead. We
trust to see an iimnediate effort made in Congress to break
up this nest of tiaitois who have denied the authority in
Utah; to establish fully and completely American laws
there, and bung to punishment those who have trampled
them under loot. We have little doubt, fiom what we learn
from gentlemen who have been in Utah, and ate corner-.- 1
ant with the Moimon hieiarehv.tiiatan honest judicial in-
vestigation t!e-ie would show that its leader aie eminently
worthy oi the gallows.'5
T|i£se statements, containing as they do the
latest intelligence from Utah, establish the fact
that the citizens of that Territory are becoming
more and more emboldened in crime, and w:il, I ;
hope, satisfy the mind of the House that this slat- j
ute ought to be repealed: that to continue it m j
operation will be to give license to the most dia- ;
bohcal deeds; as, by these and other proofs, it ;
has been incontestable7 established that under it ;
abuses of an extraordinary nature have been com- j
mitted; that murders and robberies have been per- I
petroted w ith perfect impunity, and with the syne- '
lion and authority of the so-called Church of Latter |
Day Saints. These and similar charges have been
repeated for years; they are " wofted to us by
every wind under the whole heaven;'' they go to
show that enormities in Utah are fearfully upon
the increase; and the question is presented: has
Congress no power to prevent the continuance
and the accumulation of such outrages? What-
ever doubt rnay exist as to the power to prohibit
polygamy in a Territory, no doubt can be reason-
ably entertained as to the authority of Congress
to repeal the Utah statue*; for, by the sixth sec-
tion of the act of 1850, organizing; the Territory,
it is provided that " all the laws passed by the
Legislative Assembly and Governor shall bo sub-
mitted to the Congress of the United States, and
if disapproved shall be null and of no effect."
And by the seventeenth section of the act enti-
tled " An act to establish a territorial government
for Utah," it is provided that " the Constitution
and laws of the United States arc hereby extended
over and declared to be in force in said Territory
of Utah, so far as the same, or any provision
thereof, may be applicable }> Here, then, the
power to supervise the legislation of that Terri-
tory is expressly reserved in the act of Congress
creating the Territory; and this supervisory con-
trol implies a duty on the jjart of Congress to
see that its legislation is not inconsistent with or
violative of the Constitution. I apprehend no
scruples can exist in anv-mind whatever as to
our authority to repeal the statute, when Con-
gress never parted with its right to govern Utah,
but expressly retained it in the organic act, as
has been customary in most, if not all, the acts
organizing territorial governments. The power
to repeal is in this case unquestionable; and it
was exercised by Congress in the case of Florida,
adverted to by the gentleman from Mississippi.
[Mr. Lamar.] Itwas alsoexercised in reference
to the statutes passed in Wisconsin and Iowa,
referred to in the report which I had the honor
to submit from the Judiciary Committee. I do
not think it necessary to enter into any elaborate
discussion of the question. The repeal would
not, by the remotest possibility, as I maintain,
aflcct any right or violate any principle, because,
as already stated, the power of repeal was re-
served. The charter of incorporation derives its
only efficacy from the organic act. As a legal
proposition itwas, beyond all controversy, passed
subject to that act. Its repeal will invade noth-
ing that can be regarded as a vested right, and
the duty to repeal is imperative, in view of the
atrocities perpetrated under Mormon authority.
If the men of Utah are—as they are represented
to be by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Thayer] who addressed the House yesterday-—
men of more than ordinary intelligence; men who
will compare favorably with a large majority
of the people of the United States, why, then, I
regard the duty to repeal this statute, the duty
to arrest the progress of murder and every out-
rage in the catalogue of crime, as being stronger
in proportion to the character of the offenders
and their capacity for mischief. If they were ig-
norant and deluded persons, some degree of char-
ity might be extended to their follies arid their
crimes. But if they are men of the exalted in-
tellectual stains ascribed to them by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, then the sooner we annul
the unhallowed license under which they ciaim
to act, the better; because .such men are, in every
conccivable point of view, most dangerous, and
no human foresight can predict to what extremity
of infamy these crimes may be carried.
The question still recurs: Shall polygamy and
murder be tolerated by the implied approval of
the Government of the United States ? Shall men
be permitted, under the name of religion, to band
themselves together us a great corporate body,
and in the name of that religion, to commit every
offense known to the catalogue of crime ? To
ask these questions is only to answer them with-
out a dissenting voice. I know not, Mr. Speaker,
perhaps we never will know, the extent to which
these murders have been committed by the author-
ity of the church in Utah. I hold in my hand a
paper published in Utah, entitled the Valley Tan,
and dated February 29, I860, containing a long
description, over the signatuie of William H.
liodgers, of the fearful, awful, terrible massacre,
in September, 1857, at the Mountain Meadows,
of more than one hundred men, women,and chil-
dren ; being a portion of the citizens of the United -
States who were emigrating through that coun-
try. The disguise of Indians was resorted to for
the purpose of enabling the assassins to accom-
plish their crime; and persons high m authority
vn the Mormon church are directly implicated.
Itwas one of the most feaiful crimes that was
ever perpetrated on this continent.
But it is far, very far, from being the only crime
committed in Utah, as will be seen from the fol-
lowing statement, tnkon from the Chattanooga
Gazette, of March 17, 1860: .
" The following picture, by a southern gentleman, of the
condition of affairs there, will not fail to excite a teeiing
of indignation in the heart of every man: -The Church *
has oidered and executed two hundred and sixteen mur-
dei*, w ;thm the sound oi a eannon ot tins city, sinee the 1st
of March, 1857. < The Chuich ' has oideied and executed
the mutdor of seven hundred and ei^ht ennaiants passing
from the East to California since 1850 • 'Th-' Clmrch'accu-
mulated by the operation 1,200,000 wortii of money, goods,
and live stock. 'The Church' oulered,and its bishops and
strikers executed, the die.adful massacre at Mountain Mea-
dows, two hundred miles south of this, of aae buodred aad
