1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
613
line Whigs, who have united with the Democracy
i?  a common effort to rescue the Constitution and
the Union from the party which now beleaguer it.
Forgetting past differences, they are united in
their present endeavors to roll back the turbid
wave of Black Republicanism which is threatening
to deluge our fair land of promise. The ephemeral
questions of policy which formerly divided Whigs
and Democrats have ceased to exist. "Bank,*"
• "tariff,"and " distribution,"are no longer prac-
tical measures, but have either fulfilled their pur-
poses, or otherwise have become obsolete by lapse
of time and change of circumstances.
The all-absorbing issue now before the country
is the slavery question; and in regard to that ques-
tion the Whig and Democratic parties affirmed
the same doctrine in 1852—non-intervention; and
this 1 understand to be the doctrine of all national
Whigs in Illinois to-day. Thousands of these
Whigs came to our rescue in Illinois, in the mem-
orable contest of 1858, which was crowned with
the success of Senator Douglas ; and many, very
many, of them, voted for me in my late election;
besides, in the presentficrce struggle for Speaker,
Mr. Smith has voted for as many as three Dem-
ocrats. Magnanimity, gratitude, therefore, as
well as public duty, require of me that I should
vote for Mr. Smith; and with these explanations,
made in his presence and hearing, 1 do so freely,
not simply as a Democrat, but as a patriot.
I cross the line of my party for the first time in
my life, to vote for other than a Democrat; but I
do it because it is no time to higgle about a barren
consistency, and because I would put patriotism
before party; and may I not appeal to my Dem-
ocratic brethren from the great INorthwest to do
the same? I feel assured that they will. Mr.
Clerk, I change* my vote from Mr. Phelps, of
Missoun, to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina. [Ap-
plause.]
Mr. BOCOCK. I hope that I shall be indulged
in a few remarks explanatory of the chnnge which
1 shall make in the vote i have recorded on this
occasion. They shall be very brief.
Mr. Clerk, we met here some weeks ago, with
some three or four parties upon the floor of this
House. There was the Republican party; there
was the Democratic party proper; there was the
southern Opposition party; and there was the
anti-Lecompton party. It was perfectly evident
from the beginning that no one of these parties
could command of itself sufficient strength to or-
ganize this House. The two largest parties were
the Republican party and the Democratic party.
The Democratic party, after consultation, determ-
ined to present a candidate to this House for the
office of Speaker. It docs not become me to say
anything about the qualifications or the character
of the man thus presented. It did appear to some
of us that our friends of the southern Opposition
would have done a graceful and a courteous thing,
which would have recommended them to the good
feeling and confidence of the country, if they had
come forward, under the circumstances, in a spirit
of magnanimity and patriotism, and taken their
position side by side with the Democratic party
upon this lloor. They did not choose, however,
to do it, for reasons sufficient for themselves. The
gentleman who was presented thought proper,
upon consultation with his friends, to wnhdiaw
his name. My worthy friend from New York,
[Mr. John Cochrane,] with whom it has been
my pride and pleasure to act, and for whose sup-
port I have felt a conscious pride throughout this
session, has alluded to the fact that they did not
e.ome forward and vote for me. I will say to my
friend from New York that I have no rankling,
] have no heart-burning to gratify. I have am-
bition, it may be; but personal views and personal
ambition are with me as dust m the balance, com-
pared with the good of this great and glorious
country. [Applause from the Democratic benches
and the galleries.]
I say to my friend that I have no rankling, no
mortification. I knew well that some party had
to make concessions. If our friends of the south-
ern Opposition did notchoose to do it, I am ready
now to do it, and the great majority of the Demo-
cratic party are ready to do it. After my name was
withdrawn, I indicated a willingness to unite on
a sound conservative man, by casting my vote
for a northwestern Democrat, and for a southern
Democrat. Gentlemen of the southern Opposi-
tion and the Democratic party, I have stood ready
to unite upon any man who was sound, to organ-
ize this House. When the name of my honor-
able friend from North Carolina [Mr. Smith]
was brought forward this morning, I did not feel
prepared, at that time, to go for him, because
there were a number of friends upon this floor who
were casting their votes for me, and it did not
appear that my voting for him would secure his
election. Most of the gentlemen who cast their
votes for me have withdrawn those votes, and I
now stand perfectly free to vote as my judgment
seems best. In a spirit of magnanimity, know-
ing I do not agree with the honorable gentleman
from North Carolina, in a spirit of sacrifice of per-
sonal and political partialities, with a view to
organize this House, for the purpose of giving
peace to an agitated and excited country, and for
the purpose of putting in that chair a sound, con-
servative, and good man, with a view to make one
blow to repress the "irrepressible conflict," to
rebuke the sectional party; knowing, as I do, that
the announcement of his election will do much to
remove these dark clouds which lower over our
House, I now change my vote, and vote for Mr.
William N. H.Smitii, of North Carolina. [Ap-
plause from the Democratic benches and the gal-
leries, and cries to " Order!" from the Republican
benches.]
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois. I desire to say
a word in explanation of the vote 1 am going to
give. Several days ago, upon this floor, I an-
nounced to this House that I was ready to cast
my vote for any national man, for the purpose of
defeating the Republican party. I am now ready
to do it, for the reason, sir, that thousands upon
thousands of national Whigs in the State which
I m part represent rallied under the Democratic
banner, to roll back, for a time, the tide of section-
alism which threatened to overwhelm the coun-
try. For that reason I now change my vote from
Mr. Lauhakee to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
[Applause from the Democratic benches.]
I\Ir. PHELPS. Anxious, sir, to obtain an or-
ganization of this House, and desiiin^ to make
no further explanation at this time, I change my
vote from Mr. Win'slow to Mr. Smitii, of North
Carolina.
Mr. THOMAS. I change my vote from Mr.
Bocock to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. SCOTT. I gave my vote for Mr. Phelps,
of Missouri; but the same motives which induced
me to vote for Mr. Maynard, of Tennessee, op-
erate now to induce me to change my vote from
Mr. Piielps,of Missouri, to Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina. 1 wish briefly to state that I could not
vote for any one who was a member of the Amer-
ican, or so-called iOiow Nothing party. My col-
league and myself, who polled fifty-eight thousand
votes in California, must have, in that number,
leceived the suffrages of some fifteen thousand
naturalized citizens. I consequently could never
vote for a man who was in favor of proscribing
them, or of depriving them of their rights. But
when the issue is made upon a national Whig
and a sectional Republican, I have no hesitation
in selecting the former; and I believe that the\ote
I now cast for Wjlljam N. H. Smith, of Noi Jh
Carolina, will be hailed with satisfaction by the
conservative national Democracy of California.
[Applause fiom the Demociatio benches.]
Mr. FLORENCE. From the first vote cast in
this House on the morning of the fiist Monday in
December to tins hour, I have been desirous to effect
an orgnnization, so far as if could be done with
my concurrence and vote, by the election of a
sound, conservative gentleman as Speaker of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress. 1 have voted for gentle-
men not of the party political organization to which
I belong. I voted for the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Maynard.] I believed him to be fitted
for the position,and deservingof the confidence of
this House. I voted for him, recognizing him as
an old-line Whig, one of that class of patriotiemcn
of the political school of Henry Clay, who in the
presidential election of 1856, aided to produce, and
succeeded in producing a result favorable to the
Union, the maintenance of the cardinal principles
of the American Constitution, and the equality of
the rights of all the States of this Union, against
a highly dangerous and much to be reprobated
and condemned sectional political organization. I
lower no standard of Democratic principle. My
position and record, ever since I have had the honor
to occupy a seat upon this floor, will attest that
fact, I apprehend; and when I go before the people
1 find they are pretty well acquainted with it, and
hold me responsible for my votes and -represent-
ative acts here. Lowering that standard •".never
an inch,'' desiring only to drive back this advance
of sectionalism which is fast underminingjthe pil-
lars and integrity of our republican institutions,
I am again willing to take upon myself t^ie ,-re-
sponsibility of voting for a conservative, national*
old-line Wliig. I represent a constituency, Mrs,
Clerk, made up in part of a fclass of people who,
formerly acted with the Whig party, out who^in
the course of the political changes and revolutions
which have occurred, have ranged themselves
under the banner of the Democratic party, and
have more than once accorded to me theirearnest
and devoted support. Believing, sir, that jny Dem-
ocratic constituents are much incensed by our fail-
ure to effect an organization, and that the suffering
industrial andcommcrcial interests of my city and
State will justify my act; believing that our action
here will restore peace and quiet to the country;
and believing that it will give confidence in tne
stability of this gloriouSiUnion of ours, and the
observance of our constitutional duties and obli-
gations to the people throughout this-broad band,
whose eyes are now directed to this place; desir-
ing that this controversy may be brought to a
close; and willing to aid in the consummation of
so desirable a purpose, I intend to follow the
course of gentlemen who voted for me, but have
withdrawn their votes and recorded them in favor
of the gentleman from North Carolina. I justify
and applaud them for the laudable and, in my
judgment, praiseworthy act. Being somewhat de-
voted to the principles of the old man of the Her-
mitage, who generally took the responsibility of
throwing himself upon the generosity of the peo-
ple, I do that now, and trusting to the approval
of those I represent for the high motives which
have induced it, I change my vote from Mr. Jack-
son-, and give it to the gentleman from North
Carolina,Mr. Smith.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Not being able at
this time to obtain my own consent to change the
vote I gave a few moments ago, to Mr. Smith, of
North Carolina, I merely rise now for the pur-
pose of saying that at another time and on,another
occasion, I shall state the reasons for my course.
I am as anxious as'anv man upon this floor to
effcct on organization; !>ut I cannot produce that
organization, if my'vote would do it, by casting
it for Mr. Smith, as he at present appears to me.
I deem it due to myself to say thus much at the
present, as I differ from two of my colleagues who
have already spoken, and perhaps others of them.
Each one of us will act upon our own conviction
of duty. I have mine; and as, heretofore, I have
voted uniformly for Democrats, so far as my judg-
ment now advises me, I shall uniformly vote for
Democrats hereafter.
Mr. JENKINS. I would like to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman before he takes his seat.
[Cries of " I object!"]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I was going to pro-
pound some inquiries myself; but I will withhold
them for the present.
Mr. DIMM1CK. I desire to change my vote.
I voted for Mr. Florence. 1 now desire to vote
for Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. FOUKE. I rise for the purpose of changing
my vote,believing,asmany gentlemen have stated,
that the time lias arrived for the election of a
Speaker to preside over our deliberations. I have
the assurance that this House will be organized,
if the Democrats change their votes; and after the
information I have received in regard to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, I am willing to change
my vote. 1 understand that he is not a member
of ally of the organized bodies of this House; that
he is a living monument of the gallant old Whig
party, which in olden times was the opponent of
the Democracy. I have never voted a w hig vote
in my life; but, as the Democratic party have re-
ceived large accessions from that valiant party since
its dissolution in my State, and as that gentleman
has been represented to me as a gentleman of abil-
ity and of parliamentary information, and believ-
ing that it is the duty of every patriot to sacrifice
his personal feelings and private prejudices when
he thinks there is u ci isis in the affairs of the coun-
try, and that patriotism should rise above all those
feelings which prompt us to a factious opposition,
I am willing, under the circumstances, to change
my vote. My people will not tolerate^me or any
other man-in standing out pertinaciously against
the organization of this House under existing cir-
