THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,' D.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 1860.
Kr.w Series No. 162.
where hide rope is made. If the owner of any
ship wants a supply of hide rope, he obtains per-
mission to have it made at that navy-yard.
This bill proposes to give these men $3,000;
and it is one ot the most meritorious cases that
ever came before this House. I hope there will
be no objection to it.
The bill was read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I must object to that
bill; and 1 want to state the reasons why I ob-
ject.
Mr. GOOCH. Perhaps, if the gentleman is
permitted to make a statement in reference to the
bill, he wiil allow a vote of the House to betaken
upon it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; I shall object.
The bPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman had better object at once, then, as debate
is not in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well. I object.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask unanimous consent
to discharge the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar from the further consid-
eration of joint resolution No. 39..
Mr. STANTON. I must object to all business
not ill the regular order.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patten, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed a bill o"f the
House (No. 503) making further appropriations
tor the service ot the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, I860,
with sundry amendments, m which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
That the President of the United States has
notified the Senate that he did, on the 1st instant,
approve and sign a resolution and bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
A resolution (S. No. 8) relating to the claim of
George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased;
An act (S. No. 463) to amend an act entitled
"An act to organize an institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy, and of the District of
Columbia, in the said District;"
An act (S. No. 373) for the relief of William
P. Bowhay;
An aet(S. No. 2G0) for the relief of Mrs. Aga-
tha O'Brien, widow of Brevet Major J. P."j.
O'Brien, late of the United States Army;
An act (S. No. 253) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Wetonsaw, son of James Con-
ner;
An act (S. No. 10'6) authorizing the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant
Episcopal Church in the United States to enter a
certain tract of land m the State of Wisconsin;
An act (S. No. 65) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
McCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, assistant quartermaster, United States
Army;
An act (S. No. 52) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast; and
An act (S. No. 49) to grant the right of pre-
emption to a certain tract of land in the State of
Missouri to the heirs and legal representatives of
Thomas Madden, deceased.
Also, that the Senate have ordered to be printed
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury m an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate relative to the
custom-house at New Orleans.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Post Of-
fice deficiency bill, with the Senate amendments,
was taken from the Speaker's table and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. WALTON. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. STANTON. Is not the call of committees
for reports in order?
_ The SPEAKER. It is; but the motion to go
into committee is also in order.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
162
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Davis, of Indiana, in the chair.)
Being objection day, the reading of the Calendar
was resumed at the point where it had been left
off on last objection day.
JOHN Il-OPPKR.
j A bill (H. II. Mo. 555) for the relief of John
11 Hopper.
|| Mr. BURNETT. I object.
|j Mr. RIGGS. 1 trust the gentleman from Keu-
| tucky "Kill withdraw his objection to that bill.
Air. HOLM AN. I trust the gentleman will at
least withdraw lus objection until we can hear a
statement on the subject. It is upon precisely the
same piinciple as other bills which have been
passed by the House.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 generally try to under-
stand, when I object, what 1 am about; and I give
notice that when I object I will stand by that ob-
jection , unless some facts are brought to me which
satisfy me that the measure is right.
FRANCIS LAVONTURE AXD PIERRE GRIGNOfc.
A bill (H. R- No. 566) for the relief of Francis
Lavonture and Pierre Grignon.
The bill confirms the titles to certain tracts of
land at Green Bay, Wisconsin, to Francis Lavon-
ture and Pierre Gngnon, by the commissioners
appointed under the act of Congress approved
February 21,1823, entitled "An act to revive and
continue in loree certain acts for the adjustment
of land claims in the Territory of Michigan;'* and
which are described as follows; To Fianeis La-
venture, commencing at low-water mark on Fox
river, and running west eighty arpents, or so far
as to make the claim contain six hundred and
forty acres, and bounded on the south by a cer-
tain tract occupied by the United States gairison,
west and north by wild or uncultivated lands, and
east by Foxriyer,beingsixteenarpentsin breadth;
and to Pierre Grignon for a piece of ground on the
west side of Fox river, Green Bay, immediately
below the first creek that empties into the river,
about fifteen acres m front on the river, and ex-
tending back indefinitely; and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office is to cause tiic tracts
to be surveyed in the same innnncr as other pri-
vate clannsto lands in Green Bay have been sur-
veyed, and ivS required to issue patents thereon to
Francis Lavonture and Pierre Grignon, respect-
ively, subject to such legal transfers or assign-
ments as may have been made by them, or tlieir
heirs or legal representatives, at any time subse-
quent to the confirmation to them by the commis-
sioner, according to the fifth section of the act of
1823.
The report states that on the 15th of Septem-
ber, 1823, Francis Lnvonture presented to the
commissioner appointed in the act of 182.3 to hear
and determine the claims of persons to tracts of
land occupied and cultivated by them in the Green
Bay settlement, on the 1st of July, 1812, his claim,
and the testimony to support it, to a tract of land
described as " commencing at low-water raai k on
Fox liver, and lunning west eighty arpents, or
so far as to make the claim contain six hundred
and forty acres, as confirmed by the commission-
ers; and bounded on the south by a tract occupied
by the United States garrison; westand north by ■!
wild or uncultivated lands, and east by Fox river, il
being sixteen arpents in breadth." And that at '!
the same time Pierre Grignon presented to the j
commissioners his claim, and testimony to sup- !
port it, for a tract of land desfnbed as "a piece of j
ground lying on the west side of Fox river, Green
Bay, immediately below the first creek thatemp- <|
ties into the river, about fifteen acres in front on
the river, and extending back indefinitely.'"1 That
the commissioners decided that the claims be con- !!
firmed, and that they were not in conflict with jj
any confirmations before made, and thai they gave * j
their certificate to the correctness of the proceed- ij
mgs had before them. That although by the act j;
those proceedings confirmed and made perfect the ij
title, vesting the same in Lavonture and Grignon, (j
yet the tracts of land were embraced in a, report
made by the commissioners to the Secretary of
the Treasury upon all the unsettled blaims in
Michigan.
The Secretary of the Treasury, instead of exe-
cutingor carrying into effect the law of 1833, ami in-
stead of selecting the doubtful and uncertain claims
from those which were confirmed,decided tolayali
the claims before Congress, and submit all the de-
cisions of the commissioners to it for supervision,
refusing to cause the claims actually confirmed
by law to be surveyed, and patents to be issued
to the claimants. On the 17tfi of April, 1828,
Congress passed an act to confirm certain claims
passed upon by the commissioners, "excluding
those in the county of Michilimackinac, and also'
certain lands occupicd by the United States for
military purposes. That about the time of the
passage of this act the President of the United
States (upon erroneous representations) was in-
duced to make a large military reservation of
land, in the vicinity of Fort Howard, at Green
Bay, amounting to five or six thousand acres. In
this tract was included the land of Francis Lavon-
ture and Pierre Grignon. The confirmatory act
of 1828 was, therefore, of no benefit to them in
procuring them the evidence of their title, as the
Secretary, after its passage, refused the patent
because their land was thus embraced in the res-
ervation.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported*to the
House wkh the recommendation that it do pass.
PHINEAS G. PEARSON.
A bill (H. R. No. 100) for the relief of Phineas
G. Pearson.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Phineas G. Pearson on the list
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence on the 22d of January,
1858, and continue during life.
The report states that Phineas G. Pearson en-
listed in June, 1846, as a private in the company
of Captain David Ihrie, company C, second regi-
ment of Ohio volunteers, commanded by Colonel
Morgan; that he marched with his company from
Highland county, in Ohio, to Camargo, in Mex-
ico, and continued in the service of,the United
Suites until the 13th September, 1846, when lie
was discharged on account of a surgeon's certifi-
cate of disability. The petitioner states that,
while at Camargo, in the latter part of August,
1846, he was attacked with measles, was very
sick for about two weeks, when he partially re-
covered, but a few days after took a relapse, and
became very sick with diarrhea, attended with
fever, and finally, his left leg below the knee be-
came affected with severe pams, and was so much
swollen he was unfitted for service. He returned
to the United States, and suffered very great pain
on account of the ulceration of his leg until the
10th of December, 1851, when he was compelled
to submit to the amputation of the leg above the
knee, m order to save his life.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to
that bill, if the pension can be made to commence
on the 1st day of January, 1860.
Mr. PETTIT. If the gentleman will hear a short
statement, I think he will not objcct. The Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions reported this bill two
years a ;o, and the House at that time passed the
bill. The time fixed for the pension to comence
in this bill is the time at which that bill passed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The difficulty about it is,
that all the other bills which we have passed have
been amended, so as to make the pension to com-
mence on the 1st of January last; and. I hardly
see why this should be made an exception.
Mr. PETTIT. This case is unlike any of the
others which have been passed, and I trust the
gentleman from Georgia will notobjcct to the bill
as it has br>en reported.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The rule has been uni-
form in all the bills we have passed.
Mr. PETTIT. The proof in this case was per-
fected in the Department in 1851. ,
Mr. CRAWFORD. I must move to amend,
