1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Just look at it for a single moment. The terri-
tories which you now have are more in propor-
tion than if we took all the other territories of the
United States, or all that we could acquire on the
North American continent. Why, then, do you
complain of injustice ? You say, or some of you
say, that the laws of population will press on the
northern States to such a point as to produce act-
ual war' between capital and labor; that popula-
tion will become so dense as to press on the means
of subsistence; but even then your territory is so
broad and ample that, with your four million
slaves, you have more room for development,
more room for population, than we should have
if we had all of North America besides. Why,
then, complain of us of any injustice because we
say that the institution ought not to be extended
into the Territories?
Mr. HAMMOND. The Senator says, what is
the injustice of giving the northern States all the
Territories if we have got enough ? No one said
we had enough. I did not say that. But if we
had enough, is not the territory the common prop-
erty of all the States ? and what right has one sec-
tion to take it to the exclusion of another section ?
That is the injustice.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Upon that point I desire
to answer directly to the Senator.
Mr. WIGFALL. Allow me just a moment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will answer one at a
time, if the Senator from Texas pleases; because
it will confuse me and confuse the order of dis-
cussion to do otherwise. I wish to come directly
now to the question propounded by the Senator
from South Carolina; and it is a fair question to
put to us, and a question which I will answer in
the same sincerity with which it is asked. I hold
that the Territories of the United States belong
to the people of the United States, represented
here in Congress—the States represented in this
House, and the people represented in the House
of Representatives. X hold, further, that the rights
of the people of all the States are precisely the
same in every Territory of the United States; and
I hold, further, that, although we propose to ex-
clude the institution of slavery from the Territo-
ries, we do not trample upon the rightof any cit-
izen in this country. Look at it for one moment.
You, as a citizen of South Carolina, can go into
a Territory justas I, a citizen of Wisconsin; you
can take precisely into the Territory what I can
take; X can take just what you can. You cannot
take slaves; I cannot go and buy slaves and take
them into a Territory. We are placed on pre-
cisely the same footing. The mistake grows out
of this: we at the North have railroads, wo have
factories incorporated, if you please; can we take
an incorporated factory into a Territory ? What
can wo uo ?
Mr. HAMMOND. The Senator will allow
me one word.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would like to go on.
Mr. HAMMOND. Just one word. I do not
see why the Senator from Wisconsin could not
take slaves there as well as I could, if he chose to
buy them. The question is, have you not a right
to take your property, whatever it is? and the
Senator is at full liberty to take as many negroes
as he pleases into a Territory.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The mistake on this
whole question arises out of a mistaken concep-
tion of whatis meant by property. You say that
each citizen should be permitted to take his prop-
erty upon piccisely the same footing with every
other. I grant your premises; but your conclu-
sion does not follow that slave property can go
into a Territory. There are peculiar species of
property existing in every State of this Union. I
may own an interest in a manufacturing company.
Suppose I owned an interest in a manufacturing
establishment, what can I do ? I can go into the
Territory, but I cannot take the manufacturing
establishment into the Territory.
Mr. MASON. But there is no law prohibit-
ing it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly the law would
prohibit it. The manufacturing corporation is
the creature of a statute. It is a corporation cre-
ated by the law where it exists, I will tell you j
what I can do. I can sell out my interest in the j
corporation, put the money in my pocket, and
remove into the Territory. You can do so with
your plantation.
Mr. MASON. The difference is this,and no-
body sees it better than the Senator: if he has an
interest in a manufacturing company and cannot
take that into the Territory, it is because it is not
susceptible of being taken there. There is no pro-
hibition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Suppose we take a bank-
ing institution. I own the stock in a bank; I can-
not take that bank into aTerritory, but I will tell
you what I can do. I can sell my, stock in the
bank and convert it into money, and remove into
aTerritory. You can do the same with your
plantation. A plantation with slaves is a kind of
close corporation created and sustained by the law
of the State where it exists.
Mr. HAMMOND. Will the Senatorallow me
to ask him two questions ? I believe the Senator
will agree that this Government exists by virtue
of a Constitution called the,United States Consti-
tution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly.
Mr. HAMMOND. Then I will ask him, if
the highest judicial authority of this Government
has not decided that, according, to that Constitu-
tion , slaves are property ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One word further before
I answer this question of the Senator. Slavery
is, as 1 have stated, in the States where it exists,
like a corporation. The natural condition of so-
ciety is families in single pairs; but, as Mr. Cal-
houn stated in his speech, and was reiterated by
Mr. Hunter the other day, society exists in the
South in communities, of which the master is the
head and the representative, representing not only
the capital employed in it, but representing the
laborers who are employed in it. By the laws of
the slave States, that peculiar kind of close cor-
poration may exist. Now, what we say is this:
you cannot move that corporation into a Terri-
tory, unless there is a law in the Territory pro-
viding for its removal, any more than we can
remove a bank or a railroad. You can sell out
your stock in a bank; you can sell out your stock
in a railroad; sell out interest in a plantation and
slaves; and put the money in your pocket, and go
into the Territories, just as I would sell out my
interest in a manufacturing institution,and go into
the Territories. And now, Mr. President, in con-
clusion, I will come to the last question 
Mr. HAMMOND. Suppose I do not choose
to sell out ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then you need not. You
may s(ay where you are.
Mr. HAMMOND. Stay where I am ! Ah !
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If I do not choose to sell
out my stock in the bank, I can stay where I am,
or 1 can remove into the Territory, and tell my
agent to take care of my interest in the bank; and
I suppose you can remove into Kansas, and tell
your agent to take care of your interest in South
Carolina in the peculiar institution sustained by
its laws and existing under its laws. You your-
self can remove, but you cannot take tins peculiar
institution, whiph is the growth of law founded
upon it, and exists only by virtue of its provis-
ions in the State where it exists. Now 1 wish
to answer another question of the honorable Sen-
ator, and I have done.
Mr. HAMMOND. Allow me to say that
slaves are as easily removed as any other prop-
erty.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The XJIIESID1NG OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Wisconsin
yield to the Senator from Ohio? ,
Mr. WADE. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The home-
stead bill is before the Senate, [laughter,] the
pending question being on the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to the
amendment reported by the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is somewhat traveling,
perhaps, from the immediate consideration of the
homestead bill, to go to the Dred Scott decision;
but the honorable Senator from South Carolina
put the question tome. That Dred Scott decision
is claimed by the friends of it, especially by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] to estab-
lish the right to take this peculiar institution into
the Territories; and that Congress has no power
to prevent it, and the people or the Legislature
have no power to prevent it.
Mr. HAMMOND. Not the court, but the Con-
stitution has established the right.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is said the court have
decided that the Constitution has done so.
Mr. HAMMOND. Exactly.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield to the Senator from
Minnesota?
Mr. RICE. I merely wish to ask a question.
The Chair has decided that the homestead bill is
before the Senate. I should like to ask my hon-
orable friend from Wisconsin whether he is speak-
ing to the Senate bill or the House bill? [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not be diverted from
the answer to the question of the Senator from
South Carolina, because that is a serious question,
and the question of my friend from Minnesota is
a mere playful 'one. The question of the Senator
from South Carolina is a serious question, and I
desire, in a single word, to give it a serious and
explicitanswer. The Supreme Courtof the United
States have decided, or undertaken to decidc, that
Congress has not the power to prevent, by legis-
lation , the extension of slavery into the Territories;
but the Supreme Court have not decided, upon any
fair construction of the language used by a major-
ity of the judges of that court, that the Constitu-
tion of the United States, of its own force, carries
into a Territory the right to hold slaves. Mr.
Buchanan in his message says that the Supreme
Court of the United States has so decided; and I
understand the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis,] in his resolutions, to assume
that the Supreme Court has so decided; but such
I believe is not the real fact. They have decided,
or undertaken to decide, that Congress has not the
power to legislate; but that is a very different
question from the one whether the Constitution of
the United States, of its own force, carries the law
of slavery into a Territory. Suppose you acquire
Canada to-morrow, where slavery has been abol-
ished these two hundred years, if it ever existed:
Sour doctrine would be that the Constitution of the
nited States repeals that law of Canada against
slavery, and establishes the law of slavery. The
Supreme Court has never decided any such thing
as that. Judge Catron, in his decision, put his
opinion, I believe, on the simple ground of the
treaty with France, as the reason why Congress
could not legislate in the Louisiana purchase. It
is a mere dictum at most of a single judge, I be-
lieve, which is relied upon by the President in the
declaration which he makes in his message. Btat
if the Supreme Court had decided so, and every
judge of it, it would not control my opinion as a
member of the Senate of the United States legis-
lating for the Territories. We legislate upon our
responsibility, upon our oaths to support the Con-
stitution, and not upon the oaths of anybody else.
That is my answer to the Senator.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the discussion
of to-day, I think, has shed a flood of light upon
this great political movementcalled the homestead
bill. The bill came from the House of Repre-
sentatives. A majority of the Senate, according
to my recollection, having the entire control of the
subject, have determined that the bill, in some
shape, shall pass this body. What form it is to
assume, remains yet to be seen. The bill came
from the House of Representatives; and I under-
stand the honorable Senator who has just taken
his seat, who is a leading, and a deservedly lead-
ing, memb6r of the dominant party in that House,
to announce here to-day that this bill is a measure
intended for empire, command, control, over the
destinies of this continent; and he is right. Sir,
it lets a flood of light in upon the subject. The
honorable Senator has chosen—and it is a part of
the policy of this measure of empire—to connect,
as indissolubly belonging to it, the whole slave
question with the homestead policy. The honor-
able Senator has told us that the great feature of
this policy is, by the gratuitous distribution of
the public lands, to plant throughout the whole
country now open for settlement a free white pop-
ulation to preoccupy it. The Senator is right;
with the objects in view by the bill that has been
sent to us by the other House, the question of
slavery is connected with it, and cannot-be sepa-
rated. Sir, the purpose is avowed; and if it were
not avowed, it would manifest itself; the purpose
is avowed, by means of the gratuitous distribu-
tion of the public lands, to preoccupy the Terri-
tories by population from the free States, and thus
incidentally, but of necessity, to exclude slavery.
