1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163o
The Senator has been candid in that avowal. The
Senator has proclaimed that it was a measure for
empire, for political control, and for political as-
cendency.
Mr. I)OOLITTLE. The language I used, if
the Senator will allow me, was that it was a meas-
ure of empire, and for all generations—the ques-
tion of the settlement of this continent.
Mr. MASON. Certainly, and the question of
the settlement of this continent to be controlled
and directed by means of this homestead policy*.
I do not misinterpret the Senator; I certainly do
not misrepresent liim. He is right. There is no
doubting the quarter from which this bill comes;
there is no doubting the policy that it is intended to
ingraft upon the country, and there is no doubt
that the solid and compact phalanx which we here
see on the right of the Chamber is embarked in that
policy. Sir, I appeal to the honorable Senator
from Tennessee, who comes from a different con-
stituency, to see this thing now in its true light.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the Senator
will allow me, I will call his attention to a law that
will, perhaps, throw some little light on this ques-
tion. I find in the statutes of the United States,
the following:
" That to every white male citizcn of the United States,
or every white male above the age of twenty-one yeans,
who has declared Ills intention to become a citizen, and
who was residing in said Territory prior to the lit day of'
January, 1833, and who may he still residing there, there
shall be, and hereby Is, donated one quarter section, or one
hundred and sixty acies of land."
1 want to call the attention of the Senator to
the word " donated."
Mr. MASON. I would say to the Senator
that is not English. There is no such word as
ii donated."
Mr. JOHNSON,, of Tennessee. I do not care
whether it is English or not; it is law:
"And to every white male citizen of the United States,
or every white male above the age of twenty-one years,
who has declared his intention to become a citizcn, and
who shall have removed or shall remove to and settle in
said Territory between the 1st day of January, 1853, and
the 1st day ot Januaiy, 1858, there shall in like manner be
donated"—
Bad English again—
" one quarter section, or one bundled and sixty acres, on
condition of actual settlement and cultivation for not less
than four yeais."
I should like to know of the Senator if he
vot^l for that law.
l\ff. MASON. Will the Senator tell me what
law it is ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It was passed
in 1854: " An act to'establish the offices of sur-
veyor general of New Mexico, Ka&sas, and Ne-
braska, to grant donations to actual settlers there-
in, and for other purposes."
Mr. MASON. I do not know. I dare say I
did. I think it very probable I did.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator
was calling my attention to the provisions of the
homestead bill. It does seem strange that such
extraordinary discoveries should be made recently
in reference to the bearing and policy to grow out
of the policy of a homestead law. Here is a home-
stead bill in a broader and a larger sense than the
one now under consideration.
Mr. GREEN. Let me call the Senator's at-
tention to one single fact, and that is: this word
"homestead" implies always something sacred,
to be preserved as home to the husband, wife,
and children. Does that law make any such pro-
vision?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator
from Missouri, a few days since, gave us a very
learned disquisition on the term 
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will not in-
sist on occupying the floor. His object was to
call attention to that law. I knew it very well,
and I dare say voted for it, though I do not now
remember the fact.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What I wanted
to call the Senator's attention to was, that this
was in 1854, when there was so much talk about
emigrant aid societies. This extended to every
man who had declared his intention to become a
citizen of the United States; extended to all who
were there in 1853, and held out inducements to
all who would go, up to 1858. Is it not remark-
ably strange if the present proposition, which re-
quires a citizen to pay a certain amount and live
upon it a certain length of time, and enter upon
lands reserved—is it not remarkable 
Mr. MASON. I really, Mr. President, must
resume the floor. The Senator will have all that
opportunity in good time in his speech.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permis-
sion of the Senator from Virginia, I think, as he
was directing 
Mr. MASON. Not for argument.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. And address-
inghimself tome, perhaps there could be no better
place to introduce and exhibit a homestead law
that he saw passed here in 1854. That was a
homestead proposition in its broadest sense.
Mr. MASON. ^Fhe Senator need not call my
attention to the policy of that law. I know very
wellgthat in the organization of the Territories of
Oregon and Washington, according to my recol-
lection, there was a policy to invite emigration
there by giving men lands on the terms mentioned
in the law. I do not remember whether I voted
for it; I dare say I did. The policy there was to
invite a population into a country withoutpeople.
Whether it was an ill or.a wise policy I will not
now undertake to say; but I demand the attention
of the Senator from Tennessee—representing a
constituency totally different from the constitu-
ency of gentlemen on the opposite side of the
Chamber, and having a policy totally different
in the political power, or the mode in which it is
to be controlled in this Government—I demand
his attention to the fact, no matter what the policy
of those laws was; look at the purpose of this, a
purpose avowed, openly avowed on this floor—
and I know of no better means by which that
policy could be attained than this very scheme
of a gratuitous distribution of the public lands,
wherever they may be located—for the purpose of
planting a population there from the fr«e States,
and excluding the slave population.
If the bill passes, how will it be followed up?
We have had some experience of the agencies
that are introduced by the opposite party in the
United States. If the bill passes granting a quarter
section of land to those who wi.l go and take pos-
session of it, you will have emigrant aid societies
chartered for the purpose of sending people there
to take possession, and you will have the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee and his constituency
ministering to that policy, aiding in it, and con-
firming it. Sir, I give the honorable Senator full
credit, if it be a credit—he is the best judge of
that—for having been the early friend of what I
think he miscalls " the homestead policy." He
introduced it at an early day in this Chamber, soon
after he came here. According to my recollection,
when he represented his constituents in the oth$r
branch of the Legislature, he introduced the same
policy there; ana, if he thinks it a good policy,
let him think so. I call his attention to the uses
to which it is to be put now.
Why, sir, since I have been a Senator on this
floor, an honorable gentleman who came, I think,
from the State of Wisconsin—represented by the
Senator who has so ably and so frankly discussed
this question this morning—a gentleman who has
not been a member of this body for many years,
a Senator from Wisconsin, (Mr. Walker,) brought
in annually what he called his homestead bill.
There was a congress at one time in the city of
New York, and they memorialized the two Houses
to give land to the landless, in the terms used in
the resolutions of that congress; and what counte-
nance did it receive here? The bill was introduced
from year to year; it has been introduced by the
honorable Senator from Tennessee since he came
upon this floor. What countenance did it get?
Generally a very meager vote. Where docs it
stand now? It is brought up as apolitical engine
<Vom the other wing of the Capitol, introduced
and sustained here by the compact vote of the Op-
position. What is the Opposition? A party call-
ing themselves the Republican party. What is
their purpose? To get the control of this Gov-
ernment, that they may act directly on the condi-
tion of African bondage in the southern States.
Honorable gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber have, more than once, many of them,
disclaimed any connection with the Abolition
party. They claim that there is a party some-
where among them of Abolitionists, pure et simple
fanatics; men who have no .political purpose ex-
cept that of destroying the condition of slavery.
I have heard honorable Senators on that side of
the Chamber say they had no political affiliation
with sucK a party. Sir, I put it to the country
and to the world, what cohesion, what principle-
of cohesion, is there in this so-called Republican
party but its opposition to the condition, of .sla-
very ? Take that from them, and their life-blood t
is gone, and they would not exist a day. . •-
Sir, are we to go back to our A B .G Js inpol- -
itics, or in the affairs of nations ? Have-"We "not
seen, within a few years, one of the most distin-
guished Senators here putting his standard1* far iif,f
advance even of that very Abolition party, for'
the purpose of compelling them to unite with this
so-called Republican party ? I allude to the speech
made by a Senator from New York, [Mr. Sew-
ard,] somewhere in his own State—at Roches-
ter, or Syracuse, or some one of those places. In
that celebrated speech he spoke of an irrepressi-
ble conflict, in which he declared, as the destiny
of this country, that it must all be subjected to
the dominion of the white race, without any in-
termixture of African slavery, or that African
slavery must extend over the whole continent.
That was his theory; and he illustrated.it by say-
ing that one of two things must happen—either
that the slaveholders of the South would be culti-
vating with slaves the rye and the wheat fields ,of
the North, or that the white people of the £?orth
would be cultivating exclusively the rice and cot-
ton fields of the South. " We must be homo-
geneous," was his doctripe; and the illustration
was, that there was a conflict irrepressible to bring
it about. That is the policy of this Republican
party. That is the policy which is to be attained '
by this great engine of the distribution of the
public lands. That is the intent and design of the
bill which has been brought in from the other
House, and received the compact vote of the Op-
position on the other side of the Chamber; and
that is the bill which the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, representing a very different constit-
uency, as I understand it, is prepared to give his
countenance and his vote to.
Now, Mr. President, we are indebted to the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin for lifting the
vail from this measure. It has no longer the nar-
row and contracted purpose of giving land to the
landless, and providing homes for men who will
never occupy them; it has no longer that dimin-
ished character of philanthropic exercise of power
on the part of this Government, instituted for a
very different purpose; it is a political engine, and
a potentone. It has already received the sanction
of the other branch of the Legislature, where there
is a majority—I do not know whether a numeri-
cal—but a controlling majority of the Opposition;
andit is before usnow,to be passed intheSenate,
for the purpose of effecting that great object* It
is the Emigrant Aid Society's policy upon $ wider
scale. It is not to be sustained bey voluntary con-'
tributions, but it is to be purchased at the price of
the public domain gratuitously given. That is the
policy of the present homestead bill. I desire that
my people should know it, if it is to pass into a
law; I desire that my people should have another
evidence of the practical working of this Federal
Government, if it gets into the hands of those who
not only have no sympathy with, but who have
a determination to destroy that condition of so-
ciety which is mixed up with the very existence of
the South. I desire my people to see it, and to
note it as another evidence of the practical work-
ing of this Government when it falls into those
hands.
Sir, I have spoken of this measure altogether as
a measure of policy, as a mode of attaining em-
pire and of using it when it is attained. It is an
agrarian policy. It is an utter departure from the
spirit, intent, and meaning of the Constitution
which holds these States together. But, besides,
it is bad policy as a measure of philanthropy; it
is an encouragement to pauperism. The honor-
able Senator from Texas has been kind enough
to show me—I am indebted to his kindness for it
—that on the law quoted by the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee, the yeas and nays were not
called for, so as to vindicate ray personal vote, if
it is worth vindicating; but, as I said before, I am
perfectly indifferent. I may have voted for such
a bill as that; very possibly I did*, but not this
policy, with a disposition to invite population into
a territory without population. Whether it was
wise or bad policy. 1 am not prepared now  
Mr. PUGH. The Senator misunderstood.
The law which the Senator from Tennessee read
was the New Mexico act; not the Oregon act.
