THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
bill, because I think there has been an endeavor
to put it through by unfair means.
Mr. LEAKE.. I asked would it be too late to
object to the bill after the amendment should be
voted on, and the Chair stated that it would not.
X now make the objection.
. The CHAIRMAN. The Chair said that it
would not be too late; but the Chair certainly put
the question, and asked if there was any-objection
to the bill, and there was no objection to it.
Mr. JONES. I did not understand the Chair
to'firopound that question.
Mr, CRAIG, of Missouri. Allow me to say a
word'. I propose that the gentleman from Geor-
gia shall have the benefit of his objection. I do
not like an insinuation to be thrown out about
this bill. I ask the gentleman if he intends to
object to payi ng back to a citizen the actual amoun t
expended by him m picking up these women and
children in the deseit, and carrying them back to
their homes?
Mr. JONES. 1 will-answer the gentleman. I
would just as soon think of charging for acts of
kindness rendered in a ease like this. Suppose I
was going along the-public highway, and I should
see an unfortunate human being lying on the road
side with his leg broken, his body badly bruised
and mangled; I ae.t'the part of the good Samaritan,
take him up, carry him to my hpuse, have his leg
set, his wounds dressed, and give him every at-
tention necessary for his comfort and recovery:
having performed this act of kindness, this act of
common humanity, which every man is bound to
show to any fellow-being placed under similar i
circumstances, I should not think of charging for j
having done my duty, much less would I pre-
sume to come here and ask this Government to
pay me for having performed an act of common
humanity. The case now betore the House is
precisely parallel—stands on the same principle.
Here a party of emigrants are on their way from
the State of Missouu to the State of California;
while passing through the Indian Territory they
arc attacked by the Indians, a portion of them
killed, their property taken from them, and the
survivors left in a destitute condition. This bill
proposes to pay the survivors for their horses and
other property destroyed and stolen by the In-
dians, and also to reimburse the persons who took
care of the survivors, as well as to pay the ship
ownerswho transported them back to New York.
Now, sir, I ask where is the justice of this claim?
The whole thing is wrong in principle. This
Government does not undertake to insure the lives
and property of every roving adventurer who sees
proper to cross the western wilderness in search
of a new home. Nor does it undertake to guar-
anty pay to every person who may have per-
formed acts of common humanity to such an
adventurer. There is no privity between the Gov-
ernment and any such transaction; 110 expressed
or implied obligation restingupon the Government
to pay such demands. Allow such a principle to
obtain in its broadest extent, and you will soon
bankrupt this Government.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I venture to say
that the gentleman from Georgia never picked up
a man and carried him three thousand miles.
Mr. LEAKE. I want to know what the de-
cision of the Chair in this case is? I have been
misled by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided i
that the bill is laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
Mr. LEAKE. I wish to inquire of the Chair
If I did not ask the Chair whether it would not
bo in-order to object after a vote was taken upon
the substitute? i did, and the Choir decided ill
the affirmative.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair distinctly put
the question afterwards.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I rise to a point of order.
We have agreed to the substitute, but not to the
bill as amended. Now, I contend that we must
take a vote upon the bill as amended, before we
fan report it to the House. We have not done
that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
it is not necessary in committee to take a vote
upon a bill as amended.
Mr. HARDEMAN. We have struck out the
enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
The Chair has decided the question, and the Cal-
endar must be proceeded with, unless an appeal
is taken.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I did take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I shall not object to
the bill—I want it distinctly understood—but i
objcct to the manner in which the bill is sought
to be passed. ' "*
The question being: " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
it was put, and decided m the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
samuel ii. taylor.
An act (S. No. 100) for the relief of Samuel
H. Taylor. [Objected to by Mr. Curry.]
coale & bark.
A bill (H. R. No. 576) for the relief of Coale
& Barr.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Messrs. Coale & Barr
the sum of $204 m full payment for publishing
the laws of the second session of the Thirty-Sec-
ond Congress in the Abingdon Virginian.
The report shows that the claimants were the
publishers of the Abingdon Virginian, and were
appointed by the Department of State to publish
the laws passed at the first session of the Thirty-
Second Congress. They afterwards applied to
Mr. Everett, then Secretary of State, for author-
ity to continue the publication for the second ses-
sion of the same Congress. Hon. Allison White,
through whom the application was made, says:
" I have to state that about the middle of the last
session of Congress, (second session, Thirty-
Second Congress,) according to your request, I
called at the office of the Secretary of State to in-
quire if there would bo any change in reference
to the publication of the laws of the United States
in the Virrinii papers. Mr. Everett informed
me that he contemplated no change, and that 1
might say to you to continue the publication;
which I immediately did." The claimants, un-
der this authority, proceeded to publish the laws
of the second session of the Thirty-Second Con-
gress, and on applying to the Department for
payment, were infoi med that it did not appear
from the books of the Department that their pa-
per " was one of those' selected in which the pub-
lication of tne laws of that session was author-
ized to be made."
No objection beingmade, the bill waslaid aside,
to be reported to the Mouse with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
elizabeth smith.
Mr. STOKES. I am not in the habit of ask-
ing the committee or the House to do a favor for
myself; but I now ask the committee to take up
the bill (II. II. No. 337) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Smith, of Coffee county, Tennessee. Not
a dollar of appropriation is made bythe bill; and
if the committee will allow me, I will state, in a
few words, the nature of the case, and I am sure
no member will object.
Colonel Yell, of Arkansas, was killed in the
battle of Buena Vista, and the Government gave
to his heirs—two daughters—a pension for five
years. The guardian of those children drew the
pension for five years, but omitted to apply for
the land warrant. One of the heirs is dead; the
other is living—Mrs. Smith. She now comes to
Congress and asks that a land warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres of land, which she was
entitled to under the law, shall be granted to her,
her guardian having failed to apply. I ask for
the reading of the bill.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be issued to Elizabeth Smith, the wife of
Joseph B. Smith, of Coffee county,Tennessee, a
warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of land,
for services rendered in the Army of the United
States, during t he war with Mexico, by her father,
Colonel Archibald Yell, of Arkansas.
From the petition, it appears that Archibald
Yell, who commanded the regiment of Arkansas
cavalry in the late war with Mexico, was killed
at the head of his regiment, m the battle of Buena
Vista; that at his death he left the petitioner and
her sister, Artamcsia Yell, his only minor chil-
dren, and as such minors they drew half pay f te
several years at the Nashville pension agency;
that Artamesia has since died, and the petitioner
has become of full age, and has married; that
during her m nonty, the petitioner was entitled
to a bounty land warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres of land, but her guardian failing to
apply for it during her minority, it cannot now
be obtained without a 'special act of Congress in
her behalf.
No objection" being made, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
john hopper.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to permit me to withdraw
my objection to the bill for the relief of the heirs
of John Hopper, with the understanding that it
will be reported to the House, and that a vote be
taken there by yeas and nays upon it. I dislike
to interpose my objection with the unanimous re-
port of a committee against me, though I believe
I am right in my judgment upon this case.
No objection being made, the objection was
withdrawn; and the bill was brought before the
committee for action.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Charity Van Voorhees,
granddaughter and heir of John Hopper, de-
ceased, late of New Jersey, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $1,500, in full consideration for the destruction
of the dwelling-house and mills of John Hopper
by the British during the revolutionary war, while
the houses were in the actual military occupancy
of the troops of the United States, under the com-
mand of Major Boyles, of the continental army,
provided, however, that the sum of money shall
not be paid to her until proof shall be made to the
Secretary of the Treasury that she is the heir-at-
law, and the only heir-at-law, of John Hopper,
deceased, and then, only to her, or to her attorney
in fact, duly appointed after the passage of this act
by an instrument reciting the provisions thereof.
It appears from the report that, in April, 1780,
Major Boyles, with a body of continental troops,
was in possession of the dwelling-house and mill
of John .Hopper, at Hopperstown, New Jersey,
as a garrison and a depot for arms and other mu-
nitions of war for the use of the American army.
While that possession continued, on the morning
of the IGth of April, 1780, the American forces
were surprised by a detachment of British light-
horse, from New York, and after a gallant defense,
in which Major Boyles was mortally wounded,
and John Hopper covered with wounds, and one
of his sons and many others of the American
forces slain, the continental troops were com-
pelled to yield to overpowering numbers, when
the British troops set fire to the dwelling-house
and mill, and the dwelling-house and store-house-
of John A. Hopper, his son, the only buildings
occupied by the American forces, and which were
entirerly consumed.
No objection being made, the bill waslaid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
john c. m'ferran.
Mr.BUFPINTON. The gentleman from Geor-
gia wishes to withdraw his objection to Ho.use
bill No. 372, for the relief of John C. McPerran,
of the United States Army. Am I correct?
Mr. JONES. If the House is willing to go back
upon the Calendar, I will withdraw my objection.
No objection being made, the objection was
withdrawn, and the bill was taken up for consid-
eration.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to credit John
C. McFerran, of the United States Army, with
the sum of 01,265, being the amount for which,
as assistant commissary in the Army, he errone-
ously receipted to Francis F. Thomas, also an as-
sistant commissary in the Army, in excess of the
amount of money actually paid over to him by
Thomas, at Santa Fe, in the Territory of New
Mexico, m November, 1850.
No objection being made, the bill waslaid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
guadalupe estudillo de arguello.
Mr. THOMAS. I was led into a mistake last
week in objecting to a bill, by a misapprehension.
I refer to Senate bill No. 117, for the relict of
Guadalupe Estudilio de Argueilo, widow of San-
tiago E. Argueilo. The bill appropriates some
fourteen thousand dollars, and compensates a
