616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. NIBLACK. XJp to this time I have cast
no vote- for Speaker outside of the Democratic
organization^ and I have not offered any explana-
tion for the votes which I have felt it my duty to
give. I prefer rather to abstain from debate, and
let my votes speak for themselves. I have no
apology to make for the vote I propose now to
cast,' but will* simply state some of the reasons
which induce me to do so. There is nothing m
the present position or in the antecedents of the
gentleman from North Carolina, as I understand
them, which makes it at all inconsistent forme to
vote for him. The question is now narrowed
down to a contest between an old-line Whig and
a Republican. As the contest has reached that
point, I have no longer any hesitation; and if I
-knew it was the last vote I was ever to give upon
earth, I would give it as I now propose to do.
Being impelled by a sense of public duty, I pro-
pose, therefore, to change my vote from Mr., bo-
cock to Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. BARR. Mr. Clerk, ever since I have been
a, member upon this floor, so far as I could be a
member in our unorganized condition, I have con-
stantly voted for a Democrat. I voted for Mr.
Bocock,because he was the nominee of the Dem-
ocratic party. I have voted for Mr, Davis, of
Indiana, for Mr. Millson, and for several other
gentlemen whose names were brought before the
Democratic caucus. I could not, sir, vote for
some of the gentlemen, however, voted for by
some Democrats on this side, because they be-
longed to a political association with whom it is
impossible for me to affiliate. That fact rendered
it impossible for me to vote for any such man.
Mr. Clerk, I was elected to a seat upon this
floor, outside of what was claimed to be the regu-
lar organization of the Democratic party of the
city of New York. Those who claimed to be for
the Administration opposed me, and in my can-
vass did everything they could to defeat me. I
came here as a Democrat, nevertheless*, for I have
always been a Democrat, and I hope that I ever
will be a Democrat. When 1 came here, sir, I found
gentlemen from the South divided among them-
selves—those gentlemen who represent that pecu-
liar institution in which their constituents are so
deeply interested. They voted for different candi-
dates, and I found them as a house divided against
itself. What do wc now see? Every one of thein
united upon a national man. They vote for Mr.
Smith because he is here, as he has always been, an
old-line Whig, who is devoted to the Constitution
and the Union, and had stoods houlder to shoulder
with Clay, Webster, and Dickinson, in their great
struggles for the constitutional rights of all sections
of this great Confederacy. I am not prepared,
just now, to say that I will give him my vote; but
I do say, that when the proper time arrives, and
my vote will elect him ond organize this House,
1 shall not hesitate one minute in the discluuge
of my duty. That is the position I stand in at
I "have been represented in the New York Ex-
press thus:
"Mr. Baku, of New Yoik, represent-* the Irish patriots
of thu Sixth Waid."
Yes, sir, I do. That paper told nothing but the
truth. Those Irish-born citizens arc pure Ameri-
can patriots. They are citizens of the United
States by their own choice, and not through acci-
dent. I am here as their Representative, as well
as my fellow-citizens of all nationalities, ready, at
all times and upon all occasions, when it is de-
manded, to vindicate them. They are not, as
was said by a gentleman from Georgia, a foreign
element in our midst. They are American citi-
zens, who will compare in patriotism and devotion
to the national interests with any portion of our
citizens, foreign-born or native, anywhere else in
this Union. I am proud to acknowledge that ;
they are American citizens, having the same in- j
terest in, and devotion to. this country, as our |
native population.
We have been denounced, sir, as northern Dem-
ocrats, who have kept this House disorganized
and the country in agitation. I cast that charge
back from whence it came. There is no northern,
no southern, no western, no eastern, no sectional
Democracy. No, sir; there is one great national
Democratic party, and to that party I belong.
[Applause from the Democratic benches.] We are
constitutional Democrats. Wc stand here, sir, a
band of brothers, defending the sacred compact of
our Union from the assaults of Abolition fanatics,
and tho more cunning assaults of Republicanism.
I repeat, Mr. Clerk, that, when my vote will
give Mr. Smith the election, I will cast it for him.
I will do it as «i duty I owe to my country, and the
duty I owe to the great commercial city which I
have the honor, in part, to represent, whose mer-
chants are anxious to see this House speedily or-
ganized with a national man. I do it as due to the
old-line Whigs who helped elect part of our Dem-
ocratic State ticket last fall, and many of whom
voted for me as a national man.. I may express
the hope they will help elcct the whole of our na-
tional ticket next fall. When my vote will elect
Mr. Smith, I will give it for him.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Mr. Clerk, there
is no member of this House who is under less
obligation to the twenty-three members of the
southern Opposition than I am personally; but
this is no place, and this no occasion, for perso&al
considerations. I have objected, hitherto, that
twenty-three men ought not to ask ninety-five
men to unite with them in the election of one of
their number as Speaker of this House; but this
consideration, too, is as the small dust in the bal-
ance of patriotism. I understand that the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Smith] has always
been a Whig, never was anything but a Whig,
and is yet a Whig. Representing a large and
most respectable Whig element in my district, I
am ready, therefore—not only ready but willing,
cheerfully, to unite with others who, as yet, have
withhold their votes, and make him the Speaker
of this House over the Republican candidate, [Mr.
Sherman;] ending thus the disorganization and
disorder which have for so long reigned here.
The time has come when it ought to be ended;
the country demands it of us; and in my judg-
ment, it is now the high duty of the members of
this House to see that the paralysis which has
overtaken this branch of the Government, shall
bo healed. For one, I am not willing to take the
responsibility of continuing this state of things
longer. -Accustomed to take responsibility, I yet
shrink from that. The other responsibility ot
voting for one who has been, is now, and will
continue to be, a national and conservative Whig,
unless, still better, he become a national Democrat,
1 am ready at any moment to take. I propose,
then, to unite, as soon as my vote can be made
effective, with a sufficient number of the national
men of this House to elect tho gentleman from
North Carolina its Speaker.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have heard it said,
Mr. Clerk, by various gentlemen upon this floor,
that Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, is not a
Know Nothing, and that he has never been in any
way connected with the order. The declarations,
sir, may be strictly true; but of themselves they
are not sufficient to iiuluee me to change my vote,
and east it fur him. He is of age, and let him
speak for himself to the House and to the coun-
try. I want to know, not only whether he was
ever connected with the Know-Nothing order,but
whether lie approves of the doctrines or principles
of that order? 1 have not tho pleasure of his per-
sonal acquaintance, and, of course, can have no
personal feeling against him. I am anxious to
vote for a national man; but I do not believe a man
to be national who indorses the principles of the
Know Nothing order.
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman permit
me to interrupt him again?
Mr. LARRABEE. I will say to the gentle-
man from Illinois, that I have put these questions
to the gentleman iron) I\"on 1) Carolina, and he has
answered them to my satisfaction. I represent
more foreign-born citizens than any other man
upon*this floor; and every foreign-born Democrat
111 my district, if here to-day, would vote for W il-
i,iui N. H. Smith, of North Carolina.
Mr. HINDMAN. I said, when assigning
reasons for changing my vote, that I was informed
that the gentleman from North Carolina never
had been connected with Know Nothingism, and
that ho had always disapproved the doctrines of
that order. He, made declarations to that effect,
which were communicated to me before I voted
for him.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That declaration
seems to have been made in private.
Mr. HINDMAN. I will again say to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, that the information I regcived
was not impasted to me privately. A friend made
the inquiry at my instance and request, and the
answers were communicated to me in no sort of
confidence or privacy. It was distinctly under-
stood that I was to make such use of them as I
thought proper. I have, therefore, placed them
on record, because they explain my action, and
maintain the consistency of my course, and they
also fully inform other members in the premises.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That appears to
be pretty direct.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state to the gentleman,
if he will allow me, that Mr. Smith himself told
me these facts, and they were not said in secret.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will say further, that
Mr. Smith has voted for a Democrat three times.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Smith is of
age, as I have said, and can speak for himself. I
have no doubt of the truth of the statements made
by my colleagues and other gentlemen upon this
floor; but I would prefer to hear from Mr. Smith
direct. , „ Tn.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will permitme,I desire to make a suggestion
to him. I understand that the gentleman from
Illinois is anxious for an organization of this
House. I understand, from his statement,that he
is willing to organize this House upon a national,
conservative man, as against the Republican party.
Now, I submit to him in all fairness, that being
his position, that being the attitude in which he
places himself before the House, if he is sincere
and I have no reason to call his sincerity in ques-
tion—if he is earnest in desiring an organization
of this House, when he is assured by gentlemen
all around him that the gentleman from North
Carolina occupies the position assigned him; when
no other candidates have answered questions;
when he has voted for gentlemen without then-
answering interrogatories; when the members of
the Democratic party here, with a few exceptions,
have done the same thing; I ask him whether it
is fair or just for him to put his refusal to vote
for the gentleman from North Carolina upon the
ground that he is twenty-one years ofage, and can
speak for himself5 I am a Democrat, and am as
much opposed to the southern Opposition as any
man upon this floor, North or South, I care not
to what section he belongs. 1 have opposed that
party at home, and I expect to oppose its policy
and peculiar views here; but I trust I can rise
higher than mere personal and political considera-
tions in a crisis like this. For one, I hope the
gentleman from North Carolina will answer no
questions, tie is a national man, and let us elect
him, making this small sacrifice for the good of
the country. [Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman from
Kentucky, who has just resumed his seat, has in-
formed me and the House that we have voted for
other candidates without interrogating them 111
reference to their particular views. I will plead
guilty to that charge, and say that I did so vote
upon the assurance of members that such and
such gentlemen were national and in favor of
standing by the Union. I took them, sir, upon
trust; but found in the end that the sentiments
they entertained did not agree with those I sup-
posed they cherishcd, and which, if they had
avowed before I cast my^ vote for them, they
never would have received it. It is precisely for
the reason assigned by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Burnett,] that I desire to know from
Mr. Smith's own mouth what his views andjeol-
ings are upon the subject of Know Nothingism.
I do not think it is fair for the gentleman from
Kentucky to thrust himself in between the inter-
rogatories I propounded to the gentleman from
North Carolina and myself. It is for Mr. Smith
to answer or not, as he may think proper.
Now, sir, what arc the facts in regard to Mr.
Smith's political status, as they appear? As I
said before, I do not know him personally. I
have no doubt he is a gentleman. I presume he
is a man of ability, and would preside m that chair
with dignity; but such things, of themselves, do
not constitute sufficient reasons for his election.
I understand he ran against and was elected over
the regular Democratic nominee, and certainly,
since he has been a member of this House, lie has
almost uniformly cooperated with the American
party in voting for Speaker. Once or twice he
voted for Democrats. I understand, further, that
tho gentleman from North Carolina is in favor of
a slave code for the Territories. [Cries of "No!"
