1860.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
widow Cor certain property lost in California.
Tlio Clerk read a part of the report only, and
stopped: and thereupon I moved to reduce the
amoutu from $14,000 to $11,000; and that amend-
ment not being agreed to, I objected to the bill.
Since that time I have taken occasion to examine
the case, and 1 think I understand the case well;
and if the expression of an opinion coming- from
me will not injure the bill, I will take occasion to
say that, from an examination, I am satisfied that
it is a proper bill, and ought to pass.
. The bill and report were read.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a reaommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. NOELL. I now hope that we shall pro-
ceed regularly with the Calendar.
Mr. GARTRELL. Before another propo-
sition is made to lake up another bill out of its
order, I desire to give notice that I shall object to
going- back upon the Calendar.
HENRY WOODS.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I now ask gentlemen to
go forward upon the Calendar and not backward,
and take up the joint resolution of the House No.
32, for the relief of Henry Woods, which was re-
ported unanimously by the committee.
Mr. NOELL. That would be passing over
other cases upon the Calendar which are equally
meritorious, and I object.
THERESA DARDENNE.
An act (S. No. 31) for the relief of Theresa
Davdennc, widow of Abiaham Dardenne, de-
ceased, and their children.
Mr. COBB. I will not object to that bill if its
friends will allow it to be amended so as to restrict
the entry to be made only upon lands subject to
entry at ^1 25 an acre. My object is to pi event
the entry upon railroad lands at $2 50 per acre.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand that the ori-
ginal amount of lan^l was forty acres, and this bill
proposes to give six hundred and forty acres, for
the purpose of paying interest and damages which
were sustained. The difficulty is that such a
precedent will bind us to pay interest and dam-
ages in all such cases—a principle which the Gov-
ernment has never recognized. Unless the bill
can be amended, I must object.
The Clerk read the title of the next bill upon
the Calendar.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman from Georgia now
withdraws his objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman with-
draw his objection'
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do.
Mr. PETTIT. I object to going back.
Mr. RUST. 1 hope not.
SAULT STL. MARIE MISSION CLAIMS.
A bill (H. R. No. 577) in relation to mission
claims at Sault Ste. Mane, Michigan.
Mr. RUST. I object; and I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was about to make the
same motion.
Mr. RUST. I shall object to every bill.
Mr. BARR. Will the gentleman allow me to
take up one simple bill? It is House bill No.
430, for the relief of Ehphalet Brown, jr.
Mr. RUST. I shall not withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. VANCE. Will the gentleman give way
a moment? I am not going to ask that any bill
be put upon its passage. On the contrary, 1 am
going to ask the House to kill a bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 withdraw my motion.
Air. VANCE. I move that House bill No.
581, for the relief of James Bell, &c., be 
Mr. BARR. I object.
Mr. VANCE. What, object to killing a bill?
Mr. BARR. Yes, sir.
The motion of Mr. Maynard was agreed to.
So the committee rose; «nd Mr. Piielps having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,. Mr.
Davis, of Indiana, reported that the Committee
of the Whole House had bad the Private Calen-
dar under consideration., and had directed him to
report to the House, with a recommendation that
they do pass, sundry bills, some with, and some
without amendments.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the previous
question upon the several bills reported from the
committee.
Mr. GARTRELL. Before the question is put
upon seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, I ask that House bill No. 558, for the re-
lief of Thomas W. Phelps, be excepted from the
operation of the previous question.
The SPEAKER pro ternpore. The gentleman
is entitled to a separate vote upon that bill. After
the previous question has been seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, the bills reported
from the Committee of the Whole will be read by
their titles; and if any gentleman desires a sepa-
rate vote upon any bill, he will then please indi-
cate it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The following bills having been reported with-
out amendment, and no separate vote having been
asked upon them, were, en masse, ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and were accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed:
A bill (H. R. No. 556) for the relief of Francis
Laventure and Pierre Grignon;
A bill (H. R. No. 576) for the relief of Coalc
& Barr;
A bill (H. II. No. 337) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Smith, of Coffee county, Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of thchcirs
of John Hopper; and
A bill (H. R. No. 372) for the relief of John
C. McFerran, of the United States Army.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of a bill (H. R. No. 100) for the relief of Phineas
G. Pearson, reported with an amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a thud time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the* third time,
and passed.
SUBLETTE CUT-OFF MASSACRE ACIAIN.
The House next proceeded to the consideration
of the bill (II. K. No. 127) for the relief of the
survivors of the Sublette Cut-off muswacie of the
24th of July, 1850, for the loss of property sus-
tained by them at the time, and for the payment
to certain persons of expenses incurred by them
in sending said destitute survivors to their homes
in Missouri, reported from the Committee of the
Whole, with an amendment.
Mr. LEAKE. What would be the effect if an
objection were made to that bill >
'fhe SPEAKER pro tempore. Ft would have no
effect. The bill has Ixen reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar, and the main question has been ordered
upon it.
Mr. LEAKE. How was the previous question
ordered on that bill ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LEAKE. I do not admit that you can
order the previous question upon a bill which is
not at the time before the House. 1 ask the de-
cision of the Chair upon that question. It is con-
trary to any parliamentary law that I am ac-
quainted with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that it has been the usual practice, in report-
ing bills from the Private Calendar, to call the
previous question upon them en masse. No ob-
jection has been made to that course, and the
'Chair indicated that that course would therefore
be pursued. No objection was made by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, or any other gentleman. _
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman fiom Virginia
.-lid not hear the remark of the Chair, and there-
fore could not have objected; but I submit that
under no circumstances can the previous question
be ordered npon more than one bill at the same
time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair put
the question, and the previous question was or-
dered upon all the bills.
Mr. LEAKE. The previous question could
only operate upon the bill then pending.
Mr. MAYNARD. There was no particular
bill then pending.
Mr. LEAKE. Then the previous question
amounts to nothing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
followed what has been the universal practice of
the House. If the gentleman' from Virginia
raises a question of order, he will please state it.
Mr. LEAKE. I understand the-Chair to de-
cide that the previous question can he sailed upon
all the bills at once. • . <
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair so
decided.
Mr. LEAKE. From that decision [ ap
and I want to discuss the appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
rises in his place and says he wishes to discuss a
bill upon which the previous question has been
ordered. The Chair decides that he has not the
right of discussion.
Mr. LEAKE. I object to that statement of
facts.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Prom that de-
cision the gentleman from Virginia appeals.
Mr. LEAKE. No, sir; I did not appeal from
that decision.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
sires to state the question as the gentleman from
Virginia has presented it, and asks the gentleman
again to present his question of order.
Mr. LEAKE. 1 understand the Chair to de-
cide that the previous question has been ordered
upon all the bills reported from the Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair so
decides.
Mr. LEAKE. From that decision I appeal.
I say that the previous question can only be or-
dered upon one bill at a time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. LEAKE. The gentleman has not the floor
for that purpose. I piopose to debate the appeal.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No debate is in -
order upon the appeal, the main question having
been ordered.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
I laid on the table.
Mr. PETTIT. I desire to ask the indulgence
of the House to lefer back Senate bill No. 31, for
the relief of Theresa Daidenne, widow of Abra-
ham Dardenne, deceased, and children.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It cannotbe done
now, the previous question having been ordered
011 all these bills.
Mr. PETTIT. I am aware of that fact. I
! simply asked the indulgence of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
the gentleman must suspend until these bills are
disposed of.
' Mr. MAYNARD. The bill now before the
House is one that will give rise to some difference
of opinion; and I propose that we first dispose of
those bills about which there is no controversy,
and then return to this.
Mr. BURNETT. I am not aware that there
is anv difference of opinion in reference to this
bill. *
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. An amendment
has been reported from the Committee of the
Whole to this bill, and I understand the question
first to be upon this amendment. If the amend-
ment be rejected, I understand the vote will then
be upon the original bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I understand that
the original bill, then, is before the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Of course, the
original bill is before the House, with the amend-
ment reported from the committee. The original
bill was referred to the committee, and it must,
as a matter of necessity, be referred back, if any-
thing on the subject is reported.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope the amend-
ment will be rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS W. PHELPS AGAIN.
House bill No. 558, for the relief of Thomas
W. Phelps, was next taken up, having been re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole, with
the recommendation to so amend it as to make
the pension commence on the 1st of January,
1860.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to state that a fur-
ther amendment is necessary if the amendment
adopted in committee be agreed to. I move fur-
