1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"No!"] Gentlemen around me, say no, no, to
that, and I yield the point, as I suppose they are
better acquainted with his views than myself,
upon it. He has, however, associated and coop-
erated, generally, with the American party in this
House, and was nominated by one of them here
to-day; yet, sir, it is now claimed that ninety-five
* Democrats should ground their arms and go over
to his support and elect him Speaker.
Mr. HILL. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Illinois, that the gentleman from North Car-
olina has voted three several times for a member
of the Democratic party for Speaker, without ask-
ing any questions.
Whilel am upon the floor I will make one fur-
ther remark, and it is this: that Mr. Smith has
been presented to this House as a candidate for
Speaker in deference to the sentiments of gentle-
men who do not sympathize with the American
party.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Illinois will allow me, I will state that I am
informed that the gentleman now voted for for
Speaker, ran against our old friend, Dr. Shaw;
that Dr. Sha^v took the stump in favor of a slave
code, and desired to incorporate it into the next
Democratic platform.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the gentleman
from Missouri will not undertake to discuss these
matters.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to these interrup-
tions. *
Mr. BARKSDALE. I trust the gentleman
from Missouri will not undertake to embarrass
us in the efforts we are making to organize the
House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Clerk, I do not
desire to detain this House with any extended re-
marks. As I said before, I want to be satisfied
by the gentleman from North Carolina himself
as to his views upon the subject of Americanism,
or Know Nothingism, and that is all I want% If
the gentleman will rise m this House—I am anx-
ious for its organization, and am willing to vote
for one who is strictly an old-line "Whig, to effect
that object—if he will rise from his scat and say
that he repudiates the doctrines of Know Nothing-
ism, then I am ready to cast my vote for him.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to say 
Mr. BURNETT. I object to any interruptions.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to say that I will
object myself. [Loud cries of " Object!"] I was
going to give the gentleman from Illinois the rea-
son why 1 would object, and why the objection
ought to be entertained on both sides of the
House. I desire that the gentleman from North
Carolina, if he takes that chair, shall take it un-
pledged, as a fair, honest, magnanimous man; and
that he shall have it in his power to administer
the duties of the third office in this Government
with justice to all the factions or organizations in
this flouse, and to all the members of this House,
whether belonging to the Republican party, the
anti-Lecompton party, the South American party,
or the Democratic party.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to this interrup-
tion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I give notice now, that if
the gentleman from North Carolina should rise
in his place to answer the interrogatories of the
gentleman from Illinois, I should object. [Loud
cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a point of order. The
same point of order has been made and withdrawn;
but I shall not withdraw it until it is voted down.
My point of order is this: that no gentleman has
a right, under the circumstances by winch we arc
surrounded, to make a speech, unless in expla-
nation of his vote; and I doubt if even that is in
order, under the parliamentary law. The gentle-
man from Illinois has made two speeches, an-
nouncing his determination not to change his vote;
and now he is upon the floor to make a third
speech, and give additional reasons why he will
not change his vote. I insist that he be not al-
lowed to proceed under the circumstances.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Let me correct the
gentleman from Virginia,
Mr. LEAKE. I insist on my point of order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman
is mistaken m saying that I have made three
speeches.
„Mv. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw his point of order. It
certainly will not take the gentleman from Illinois
long to get through.
Mr, MORRIS, of Illinois. There seems to be
a general desire that nothing more should be said.
I have propounded my interrogatories, and shall
wait for a response. If the gentleman from North
Carolina docs not choose to respond, I cannot
vote for him.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have a word to say to the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. HASKIN. I call the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to order. I presume that, as we are in the
midst of a ballot, alt this desultory conversation
between members is out of order. I insist upon
proceeding with the ballot, and having the Clerk
announce the result, whatever it may be. The
gentleman from Virginia is not in order.
Mr. CLEMENS, I am not disposed to be out
of order.
The CLERK. Objection is made, in several
quarters, to the gentleman from Virginia pro-
ceeding.
Mr. McRAE. I simply wish to say 
Mr. HASKIN. I insist upon the point of order
which I have raised, as well in relation to the
gentleman from Mississippi as the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. McRAE. What point of order does the
gentleman make ? He has not heard what I was
going to say.
Mr. HASKIN. My point of order is that we
are in the midst of a ballot, and should have that
ballot determined. I do insist that all of this de-
bate or conversation between members is out of
order, and I hope that the gentleman from Missis-
sippi will not insist on going on.
Mr, McRAE. I concur entirely in opinion with
the gentleman from New York that all this debate
is out of order, and 1 will go further and say to
him, that I think the proceedings of this body
have been out of order from the first day we met
until this time. [Cries of " That's a fact," from
the Republican benches.] That is what I think,
and I did not mean to detain the House a mo-
ment; but the gentleman from Illinois yielded
the floor to me simply to respond to a question
which he asked, and which I propose to do in a
few words, in reference to the opinions of Mr.
Smith.
Mr. HASKIN. That is just what I object to.
Several Members. Let Mr. Smith answer for
himself.
Mr McRAE. But I am not going now to an-
swer the question. I am going to unite with the
gentleman from New York, if he will allow mc.
Mr. HASKIN. With great pleasure.
Mr. McRAE. And to say that as an orderly
member of this House, I will cooperate with him.
[Cries of" Order!"] They will not allow a gen-
tleman to get in order when he wants to. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Mr. Clerk, we have
been here balloting for nearly eight weeks, and
still this House is not organized; no Speaker has
been elected. I have voted for a number of can-
didates. It has been my motive from first to last
to secure the election of a national and conserv-
ative man. I have endeavored to procure the
election of one such man after another, beginning
with my first choice, and then voting for a second,
a third, and a fourth, and I have been, as yet, un-
successful; no man has been elected. It is, there-
fore, of the highest importance that we should now
make .some further concessions, because further
concessions are necessary to secure an election,
and when concessions aic required at my hands,
I never shrink from the responsibility, nor refuse
my share of sacrifices. When the honor of the
country and its creditareat stake; when the wheels
of Government are locked, and the faith of this
Government is in peril; when our contracts have
been violated, and our debts remain unpaid; ond
when the public creditors are suffering; m such a
state of things it is incumbent on every man who
loves his country, who is jealous of its credit and
its honor, to make his share of sacrifices for the
public welfare. At this time, when the foundations
of the Government ore shaken; when the existence
of this glorious and happy Union is in peril; when
sectional men and sectional parties threaten us
with the destruction of the Constitution, and the
horrors and perils of a civil war; when the prayers
of patriotic and good men are hourly ascending ]
to Heaven for the restoration of peace and harmony j
among our now distracted and divided people, "I
will not fail to offer up my party pride and per-
sonal preferences on the altar of my country's
good. At such a time, prompted by such induce-
ments, I would "scorn to hold back, Mr. Smith:
is not my first choice; he doe^ agree with me on
all questions ; but he does agree with me on many
of the most vital questions of the day; Ijarri, there-
fore, ready to sink minor differences in, an hour-
like this, when dangers to the natioi'i stand threat-
ening around, and £ood men tremble for the" future.
I consider the sacrifice insignificant when weighed
against the peace of the nation.
Mr. HASKIN. I do not desire to prevent'the
gentleman from Pennsylvania from explaining litis
change of vote if he propose to do it; but I do
insist that the point of order heretofore raised
is applicable to him, if he intends making1 a
speech.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I intend to give the
reasons for my change of vote, and that 1 have a
right to do, as the gentleman from New York well
knows.
Mr. HASKIN. I have no objection'to ifatt;
Mr. MONTGOMERY. And now, I desire to
say a word in relation to the position of the gen-
tleman presented as a candidate for the Speaker-
ship of this body. Mr. Smith, of North Caro-
lina, belongs to none of the organized parties in
this House. He belongs to the remnant left of
that glorious old party, at the head of which stood
in years gone by a Clay and a Webster; he is an
old-line Whig, who remains true to the principles
and policy of that ancient and honorable party,
and as such I can vote for him. If he were an
American, or if he advocated their principles, I
could not and would not vote for him. I have
said in this House, heretofore, and I repeat it,
now, that 1 never have cast, and never will cast a
vote for any one who holds that it is a cause for
proscription that a man was born where God made
him, or that to worship God according to the dic-
tates of a man's conscience is a crime or a dis-
grace. I despise such narrow-hearted policy, and
detest such bigotry and proscription.
But, sir, I have said that Mr. Smith does not
belong to the American organization, and never
did. He is a patriotic Whig, a friend of protec-
tion to American industry, a national man, a con-
servative man, a supporter of the Constitution^
friend of the Union, and as such I can give him
my support. Trammeled by none of the embar-
rassing questions of the past, with no objection-
able record, a gentleman of rare intelligence and
high social virtues, he will adorn the Speaker's
chair and preside over our deliberations with fair-
ness and impartiality. He remains a way-mark
of the great party that has passed away—almost
a last survivor of a race of giants. In a time like
this, when no party has a majority, when no one
organization can control-an election, it is peculi-
arly fit to select one who, differing with us all,* ,
owes favoritism to none. Some of my northern
Democratic friends have said that t&ey would
unite upon him when their friends come to the
rescue. I am not going to say that; I am willing
to give no such excuse; I will not be a stumbling-
block toothers. I act independently, and from
pure motives, and I take the responsibility. I
intend to change my vote and others can do as
they please. For these reasons, and prompted
by the motives I have hastily expressed, I now
change mv vote from Mr. Davis to Mr. Smith,
of North Carolina. [Applause.]
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Clerk, I represent
on this floor a constituency which is composed
of native-born ond foreign-born citizens. Among
them are a large number of Germans and Irish,
of both religions, Catholic and Protestant. They
are as honorable, as patriotic, as faithful to the
Constitution of their adopted country as any of
those who were born upon the soil. I owe much
to their confidence and support heretofore. I
would not violate my own convictions of duty by
voting for any man whose political principles tend
to degrade or injure, them—whose sympathies are
opposed to them. But I have made inquiries of
the gentleman who is presented here as a candi-
date to-day. I have gone to (he fountain-head for
information, and I have learned that he nevrr was
amemoer of the KnowNothingparty: that he has
never taken any pledges: and that he does not
sympathize with any of their proscriptive prin-
ciples or doctrines. Sir, I would not yield any
