2582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
ther to amend by striking oat the words " when
he was discharged from the naval service in con*
sequence of blindness."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment reported from the committee
was also agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time, and
GUADALUPE ESTUDILLO DE ARGUELLO—AGAIN.
Senate bill No. 117, for the relief of Guadalupe
Estudillo de Arguello, widow of Santiago E. Ar-
gueilo was next taken up, having been reported
from the Committee of the Whole with an amend-
ment.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BURNETT. There is a bill there for the
relief of the heirs of John Hopper. I have no
disposition to consume the time of the House by
calling the yeas and nays on that bill. I do not
believe, sir, that the bill ought to pass. I did not
think it ought to pass, when it was under con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole House.
I ask for a separate vote on it.
The bills on which separate votes were not
asked, were then severally passed.
Mr. BURCH. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bills were passed; and I move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. LEAKE. 1 object to the consideration of
more than one bill at a time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
objects, it cannot be done. The proceeding that
« has already taken place was by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. LEAKE. There never was such a prac-
tice in any deliberative body but this. Here we
consider and act upon half a dozen cases at once.
It is certainly a very irregular way of doing busi-
nesc. I do object. I want the bills taken up
separately, and each one to be considered and
acted on by itself.
Mr. BUItCH. I withdraw the motion to re-
consider, and that will do away with the objec-
tion.
john hopper—again.
A bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of the
,heirs of John Hopper.,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That hill is re-
ported to the House from the Committee of the
Whole House, with the recommendation tluit it
do pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
there is no question in the world but that this is a
meritorious claim. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims were unanimous in reporting in
favor of the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I will only say to the
House that I hope the bill will pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sublette cut-off massacre-—again.
A bill (H. R. No. 127) for the relief of the sur-
vivors of the Sublette Cut-off massacre of the
24th of July, 1859, for the loss of property sus-
tained by them at the time, and for the payment
to ceitain persons of expenses incurred by them
in sending said destitute survivors to their homes
in Missouri.
Mr. BURNETT. I believe the previous ques-
tion is ordered on that bill ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask that a single scction
of the Indian intercourse law be read.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
- Mr. EDWARDS. Have I not the right to have
it read ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore.. Objection being
made, it cannot be read. The question first re-
curs on the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. If that amendment
be voted down, will not the question then recur on
the bill itself?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
^Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Then I hope that
the amendment will be rejected.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to; and the bill, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move to amend the title
of the bill by striking out the title with which the
bill was reported, and inserting in lieu thereof the
following: " A bill for the relief of 0. F. D. Fair-
banks, Federick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reconsider the
votes by which the several bills have been passed;
and also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
public schools op washington.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to take from the Speak-
er's table House bill No. 520, directing the con-
veyance of a lot of ground for the use of the public
schools of the city of Washington. It has come
back from the Senate with a small amendment,
merely changing a figure, making the lot No. 253
instead of No. 250.
There was no objection, and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in.
geographical survey.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, by unnnimous
consent, laid before the House Senate bill No.
349, making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the completion of the
geological survey of Oregon and Washington;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
oregon war fikbt.
The SPEAKER pro tempore also laid before the
House Senate bill No. 11, to provide for the pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the Territories of
Washington and Oregon in the suppression of
Indian hostilities theremr in the years J855 and
185(i; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
theresa dardenne.
Mr. PETTIT. In the Committee of the Whole
House, in going over the Private Calendar, the
gentleman from Georgia objected to Senate bill
No. 31, for the relief of Theresa Dardenne,
widow of Abraham Dardenne, deceased,and their
children. It was passed over, and the gentleman
from Georgia subsequently asked leave to with-
draw his objection, when I objected to going back
upon the Calendar. I have carefully examined
the report in the case, and I am satisfied that the
claim is equitable and meritorious. It deserves,
I think, the favorable action of the House; and
therefore 1 suggest, by unanimous consent, it be
considered as having been reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and now before us
for action. ^
Mr. VANCE. I object. Gentlemen ought to
look into the merits of bills before they object.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are several gentle-
men of the House who desire to make speeches,
and I hope that the House will suspend the rules
and resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, in order to accommo-
date them. We will save time for business of the
House by doing so.
lester's land laws.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Ilaolcedf That the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized to purchase of VV. W. Lester, Esq., sueli number of
copies of Lester's Land Laws and Decisions as shall be
necessary to furnish one copy to evt-ry surveyor genera),
register of a land office, and receiver of public moneys, and
to every officer of the United State's now entitled by law to
tiie United States laws published by Little & iirown; and
the amount necessary to pay for the same, at five dollars per
volume, is hereby appropriated out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. KUNKEL. I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clark of
Missouri, and Bingham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-one.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I desire is to give gen-
tlemen an opportunity to make speeches, and n$>t
to detain the House.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I would like
to know who has the floor when we go into com-
mittee J
Mr. SHERMAN. I think you have the floor.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. 1 thought 1
had it the other day, but it was then assigned to
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for a count of the other
side, if the gentleman from Maryland is to be cut
out of the floor, or if he does not want it this
evening. It is four o'clock now, and we are all
fatigued.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I am content
with any disposition the House may make of the
matter. I enly want it understood that whenever
we go into committee I am entitled to the floor.
The motion was then declared as not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
■Sherman, it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended*, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Bingham in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the Post
Office appropriation bill, upon which the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Stewart] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Mr. Chair-
man, when I yielded the floor the other day. I did
so on account of the absence of my colleague [Mr.
Davis] and to accommodate gentlemen who wore
desirous to submit remarks; and 1 should have
preferred, this Saturday afternoon, not to have
been compelled, under the rules of our proceed-
ing, to occupy the floor in continuation of the fur-
ther remarks I propose to submit upon the ques-
tion to which 1 addressed myself before. But I
cannot consent, knowing that there are gentlemen
who are anxious to speak, to defer the conclusion
of my review to another day. I shall therefore
proceed to finish what I have to say.
I was, when in committee before, speaking in
reference to the proceedings of the Maryland
Legislature. I had read the resolution which the
gentleman from Baltimore [Mr. Davis] thought
proper to criticise, and had given some account
of the proceedings which took place in theLcgis-
lature. It will be seen, I think, from an exam-
ination of that resolution, that no fair mid legiti-
mate objection could be taken to it. But there is
a wide difference of opinion between the House
of Delegates of Maryland and the gentleman from
Baltimore in relation to his action here. It was
perfectly competent for the House of Delegates,
as one branch of the Maryland Legislature, and
the grand inquest of the State in regard to the
action of any Representative of that State upon
this floor, to express their opinion. They did so,
and in language which, it seems to me,is notex-
ceptionable; but the gentleman from Baltimore, in
undertaking to review these piocccdings, has
transcended what might be considered just and
legitimate comment upon the proceedings of the
Legislature. He has undertaken to animadvert,
in no commendable spirit or language, upon the
action of the House of Delegates of the State of
Maryland; and it does appear to me, from a calm
analysis of his entire speech, that he has urged
and maintained no valid objection to those pro-
ceedings. He labored more, I may say, to make
an ingenious defense of the Republican paity and
its protege.
Now, sir, in reference to the adoption of that
resolution by the House of Delegates, it was
passed, as I mentioned before, by an almost unan-
imous vote; for out of the sixty-three members
present, sixty-two voted in favor of it, and only
one against it. That Legislature was composed
in part of members of the same party to which
the gentleman ostensibly belongs. They differed
with him, and 1 conceive that it was not only
competent for that body to express an opinion,
