196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
sovereign parties to the Federal compact to amend
the Constitution, so as to provide for the govern-
ment of the territory by Congress. This, how-
ever, was not done, and hence has arisen ourdif-
culties and dangers. The acquisition of territory,
accompanied with the exercise of political legisla-
tive power over the inhabitants in it, has affected the
very character of the Government, at:d threatens
the utter destruction of its Federal features. Co-
lonial dependencies are, under all circumstances,
dangerous to a Federal Union; but where the Fed-
eral Union is creatcd by coequal and sovereign
parties,and rests upon a written Constitution, lim-
iting its powers and defining its duties, the exer-
cise" of high legislative powers by construction is
utterly subversive. The moment the strict limit
of the Constitution is overstepped, it wanders into
a w'ldcrness of power. If the Federal Government
exercises any legislative power, except what is
granted to it in the articles creating it, the States
must gradually become, through a scries of usurp-
ations, mere subordinate and dependent corpora-
tions. If the Federal Government can increase its
legislative powers by construction or implication,
it will soon master the States. This is the inva-
riable law of political development. I repeat it,
there is no grant in the Constitution of political
power over the inhabitants of a Territory. The
clause which empowers Congress " to make all
needful rules and regulations, "&c., refers only to
the Territories as property. This is clear, both
from the analysis of the clause and the decision of
the Supreme Court in the Drcd Scott case. Ex-
cept this, there is no clause in the Constitution
touching the legislative power of Congress over
the Territories.
The history and origin of the Constitution illus-
trate the views I have submitted. The Federal
Government was intended mainly, and almost ex-
clusively, to take custody of our relations with
foreign Governments; and it was invested with all
the nccessary powers to discharge this duty. It
was empowered to lay and collect revenue; to
raise armies and equip fleets; to appoint foreign
ministers; and make treaties. The States, too,
being sovereign, were necessarily foreign to each
other; and as, in the Federal Constitution, they
contracted with each other in certain particulars,
they made the Federal Government their common
agent for the execution of the contract. They en-
dowed the Federal Government with the manage-
ment of their relations \yith foreign Powers, and
also with certain relations between themselves as
sovereign States, and foreign to each other. Be-
yond this the Federal Government was naught;
and beyond this it cannot go without usurpation.
No local or domestic interests were committed to
it; for they were in the custody of the States. The
States were the constituents, and the Federal
power touched individuals only in certain speci-
fied cases, and then only in connection with our
relations with foreign Governments, or the rela-
tions between the States, as foreign to each other.
The Federal Government was established to unite
and wield the strength of all the Statfcs against
foreign Powers; to prevent the subjugation with
which they were threatened; and the first acqui-
% sition of territory was mode through the policy, if
not the necessity, of defense. Fresh from the war
of the Revolution; and with all Europe embroiled
and convulsed, it was dangerous to allow a foreign
Power to entrench itself along our borders, and
hold the keys to the most vulnerable parts of the
Union. To avoid this danger, Louisiana was ac-
quired. Mr. Jefferson gravely doubted his con-
stitutional power to acquire it; but he yielded to
the pressure of necessity; and the Territory being
acquired, Congress proceeded to govern it, with-
out much reference to its constitutional author-
ity to do so. In fact, our foreign relations were
then the paramount, and almost exclusive, sub-
ject of consideration; and the statesmanship of the
country was directed to them, and, of course, to
strengthen the arm of the Federal Government,
which was intended to be strong abroad, though
weak at home. During the early period of our
history, all our efforts were to aggrandize the Fed-
eral Government, because it was the organ of our
intercourse with foreign nations; and power was
necessary to confront power. Besides, our whole
system was an experiment. A splendid hierarchy
of Government, consisting of municipal corpo-
rations, sovereign States and Federal Union was
new to the minds of men. The history of the
past; the traditions of mankind; the literature of
civilized nations, were in the interest of strong
government; and the habitudes of thought then
prevailing, were imbued with this tendency. Un-
der these influences the granted powers were
expanded; and new powers usurped through con-
struction and analogy. In the course of time,
however, when the States had grown strong arfd
prosperous; when their material resources were
developed; when our foreign relations were estab-
lished upon a solid and satisfactory basis, and our
power to resist the attacks of foreign nations ap-
parent, our statesmen began to turn their attention
to the interior cconomy of the Federal Govern-
ment; to define the relations between it and the
States; and to examine the scope and compass of
its power. Then a higher and more beneficent
statesmanship began to develop and display itself.
In the midst of arms, the philosophy of our sys-
tem stood silent; when peace and prosperity came,
it unfolded its wisdom under the teachings of the
State-rights school. Underlie pressure of for-
eign nations, our early struggles were to strengthen
the Federal Government; our recent struggles
have been to weaken it. I fear they have been in
vain; for the genius of the Federal Union has al-
most disappeared; and we find a monument where
we expected a prize.
The acquisition of Florida was made in pursu-
ance of the same policy which led to the purchase
of Louisiana, namely: the fear of attacks from
foreign nations. Under the pressure of circum-
stances which forced its acquisition, it was gov-
erned, as Louisiana was, without reference to the
powers conferred upon Congress by the Consti-
tution. In the midst of arms, the Constitution
was silent; and as the country was united, and
no great interest or domestic institution was an-
tagonized, Congress, as the common agent, acting
with impartiality, was allowed to regulate what
had been obtained under stress of circumstances,
and without any nice scrutiny into its powers. In
1820, in the Missouri discussion, the question of
power was first opened formally. The pro-slavery
and anti-slavery sentiments were then so distinctly
antagonized that Congress was compelled to open
up the very foundations of Federal power; and it
would have been fortunate had the question then
been settled upon principle, and not by compro-
mise. The anatomy of the Federal Government
was laid bare, and men shrunk from the inspec-
tion; the question of slavery was an immense
fact; but it was not understood m its groat social
and industrial aspects. It was regarded as some-
thing abnormal, when it should have been treated
as a constituent element of politics, society, and
industry, and as an element incapable of extinc-
tion, and involving inevitably expansion and pro-
tection. Shrinking from the mastery of the
question, and dwarfing statesmanship to the pro-
portions of temporizing expedients, they hushed
the question for the moment, and left the future
to meet exigencies as they occurred; and that,
too, under all the accumulated disadvantages of
their neglect. In the discussion upon the Mis-
souri question, the anti-slavery party stood upon
precedents; they referred to the exercise of power
oy Congress in the case of Louisiana; the pro-
slavery party stood upon analogy; and attempted
to check and limit by construction, powers which
wore obtained only by construction. The result
was a compromise; and a compromise now ad-
mitted by all to be unconstitutional. In 1820
there was no clear conception of the powers of
the Federal Government; and the men of that day
shrank from a rigid examination into them. They
stood upon precedent and analogy, and not upon
the Constitution. 1 do not reproach; I only re-
gret. The country had not yet acquired such
tremendous power as to defy aggression, and feel
itself secure from all the casualties of foreign war;
and its gaze was only turning inward. The cur-
rent of opinion could not be rolled back in a mo-
ment; the precedents of the past could not be
obliterated at once; the ship of State could not be
changed in an instant from the tack on which it
was pressing under full canvas, and be set in
another direction. If they did no more than we
might have expected, they probably did no less.
The mists of error do not pass away quickly; new
truths break in upon us slowly. Those who
wrench us suddenly from our old fastenings, and
lift us up even to seize the truth, are rarely for-
given. In 1820, a few men, towering above their
compeers, flashed their vision along the archways
of the future, prophesied the coming troubles, and
taxedtheirenergiestosave the country from them.
But they were unheeded; and onward pressed the
multitude as if every furlong of their road were
not crowded with warnings. The peasant of the
Alps, when he would tell whether the day is
swiftly coming, looks to the tops of his highest
mountains; for they catch and reveal the coming
glories, while yet the valleys are wrapped in night.
So, too, the loftiest intellects of a people are bathed
in the light of advancing truth, when those below
arc sleeping in darkness. Thus the rays of truth
which streamed so gorgeously on the proudest
intellects of the Republic in 1820, are just now
settling upon the inferior mind; and we are realiz-
ing the dread warning of the " fire bell at night."
The compromise of 1820, I have already said,
was unconstitutional; it is admitted to be so by
statesmen and by judicial tribunals. In a Federal
Government like ours, all compromises founded
upon usurpation of power, must be unconstitu-
tional. The Missouri compromise was this. Pub-
lic virtue is not a sufficient check upon a majority;
if it were, no written Constitution would be needed.
The statesmen of 1820 should have looked the
question in the face; should have affirmed the utter
lack of power in Congress to govern the Terri-
tories, and should have demanded amendments
to the Constitution, granting, defining, and lim-
iting the power. Tlu; failuie to do this, then, com-
pells us to demand it now, under much greater
disadvantages, or witness the consolidation or dis-
solution of the Union. The Constitution must
be amended to meet the new and grave exigencies
before us, or the Government must be dissolved.
I deplore the fatuity of the pur-blind schemers
who think that this Union can last through the
adoption of tricky compromises, or through the
equivocal subterfuges of party platforms. It can
live only in its integrity, and must be conducted
only on principle.
Congress has usurped political power over the
Territories by construction. Through the pro-
vision of tlx/3 Constitution which empowers Con-
gress to "make all needful rules and regulations"
for the disposal of the territory as "property,"
legislative political power has been claimed, and
through legislative political povstr, all poicer has
been implied as a necessary incident. Thus, the
first power has been obtained by construction,
and then implication has been employed to ex-
pand it indefinitely. This is rapidly obliterating
the very theory of the Federal Government. The
American Revolution rested upon municipal gov-
ernments; and but for them, its history would
have been different. Through construction, the
Federal Government is now intruding itself into
their sphere, and interposing itself between them
and the citizens. Power which it once gets, it
will not willingly give back; and thus one act of
usurpation leads to another. The Federal Gov-
ernment is the creature of the Constitution, and
the moment it exercises a power not granted to
it in that instrument, it is guilty of usurpation,
and departs from the intentions of its authors.
Being m its nature a limited agent, it must refer
to the grant before it exercises any power. If it
evades this by construction, then the Constitution
becomes, not a restraint upon it, but a soiuce *
from which its power may flow into any and as
many channels as it may choose to cieate. I
again ask: what power has Congress, under the
Constitution, to govern the Territories? Show
me the grant of. power. It cannot be done. It
is obtained only by construction; and to obtain
power for the Federal Government in that way,
is utterly subversive of the Constitution, and de-
structive of the aim§ and policy of the founders
of the Republic. The ship is on the waters; an
emergency arises; construction fires its gun; and
the dead body of power rises to the surface, and
is galvanized into a mimicry of life for purposes
of despotism.
I affirm, then, that the exercise of political power
over the Territories is a naked usurpation, and
that it has nothing to rest upon except strong con- •
venience, almost amounting to necessity m the
