1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■1839
Judiciary, I suggest to gentlemen that th'c adop-
tion of the 17th instant would necessarily run the
debate into the time fixed for the meeting of the
Charleston convention. I suggest that the fur-
ther consideration of the subject be postponed
until after the Charleston convention, to be called
up by the chairman of the committee, the gantle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman.]
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, it would be
utterly impossible to have a day fixed which
would suit all parties in this House. In order to
meet the convenience of those "who wish to go to
Charleston, of course it would have to be thrown
over into the early part of May. Then other gen-
tlemen will object, who will necessarily be absent
at that time for a week or two. There will be
those wanting to attend the Baltimore and the
Chicago conventions. I have found it impossible,
sir, to fix a day which will meet the views of dif-
ferent gentlemen in the House, and I must there-
fore insist on my motion as I have made it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Baltimore con-
vention does not assemble until the 9th day of
May.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it be objected that the
7th of May is too near the day fixed for the meet-
ing of the Baltimore convention, why not fix the
2d day of May for the postponement of the fur-
ther consideration of this question ?
Mr. GROW. That is set apart for territorial
business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am sure that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania does not want to press
debate and a vote upon the resolution when a
large number of this, side of the House will be
absent from the city.
Mr. HICKMAN. If next Tuesday be fixed,
it will be easy at that time to have the subject
still further postponed. At present I do not see
how it is possible to have a day fixed which will
suit a majority of the House. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I demand the yeas
and nays upon my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Would it be in
order to m<frc to lay the amendment upon the
table ? If so, I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. It could not be made with-
out carrying the whole subject with it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the object of the
gentleman from Illinois is to prevent gentlemen
attending the convention at Charleston, I will
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MORRIS-pf Illinois. I say very frankly
to the gentleman from Ohio, that the nomination
of a President of the United States is no business
of this House. That matter has been intrusted
to delegates, and wc ought to remain here to
attend to our business.
The SPEAKER,, Does the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw his amendment ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. [ do not.
Mr. STANTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio if it would suit his side of the House
to have it set down for the 16th, instead of the
17th, which would give one day more for its con-
sideration before gentlemen would have to leave
for the convention?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to this
arrangement if it is not in order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If the day men-
tioned by the gentleman from Ohio is agreeable to
this side of. the House, I would withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am perfectly willing to
adopt that day.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I object to any
arrangement.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw the de-
mand for the yeas and nays, with the understand-
ing that the 16th instant is to be substituted. If
objection be made to that, I shall insist upon my
amendment and the yeas and nays.
Mr. HICKMAN. I modify my resolution by
substituting the 16th for the 17th.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. There is no question of order
about it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. There is a ques-
tion of order; and I will be heard upon it. The
yeas and nays have been ordered; and after they
have been ordered, I raise the question whether
it be competent for the mover of the resolution to
change it by an anfendment?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I objected; and
the. objection must be entertained by the Chair. -
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear any
objection.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Does the Chair
entertain the objection?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman says he
made objection, the Chair will entertain it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I did object.
The SPEAKER. Then tli<? Clerk will call the
roll.
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust itis still in the power
of the House to withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays. It is still in the power of the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw his amendment; and
then it is in my power to substitute a different day
in my resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that he must have
the unanimous consent of the House to do so.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
was founded upon the fact that he did not under-
stand that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kel-
logg] objected. He now says he objected.
Mr. MALLORY. Cannot a gentleman with-
draw the demand for the yeas and nays without
unanimous consent?
Mr. COX. Cannot I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays ?
The SPEAKER. It is too late. The yeas and
nays have already been ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not under-
stand that there is any objection to the withdraw-
ing the call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered, and there is objection to that order
being withdrawn.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The objection has
been withdrawn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I wish the Chair would
state the question. There is so much noise that
we have not been able to hear.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hickman] proposes to postpone
the consideration of this subject until the 16th
instant. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Val-
landigiiam] moves to amend, by substituting the
7th day of May; and upon that the yeas and nays
have been ordered. The Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. HICKMAN. I would inquire if it is not
entirely competent at this time for the House to
allow the withdrawal of the call for the yeas and
nays, as no response has been made ?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent-
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The objection has
been withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Ohio
can withdraw his amendment without the consent
of the House; and the yeas and nays fall, as a
matter of course. Then the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania may modify his motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania may move to reconsider the vote by
which the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It can bo done by
unanimous consent; and I ask the Chair to put
the question to the House, whether there is any
objection.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania move to reconsider the vote by
which the yeas and nays were ordered?
Mr. HICKMAN. I am willing to make that
motion, and I do make it.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
then the yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HICKMAN. I now modify my original
motion, by inserting the 16th instant for the 17th.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I again raise a
point of order. After action has been taken by
the House, I hold that it is not competent for a
gentleman to withdraw his amendment, or to mod-
ify his motion. Action has been taken by the
House. The yeas and nays have been ordered,
and the yeas and nays have been withdrawn;
hence action has been taken by the House, and
it is incompetent for the gentleman from Ohio to
withdraw his amendment. s
The SPEAKER. The House hasreconsidered
its whole action, if the Chair understands it cor-
rectly. Therefore, it seems to the Chair that the
gentleman from Ohio had a right to withdraw his
amendment, and the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia had the right to modify his motion.
The motion as modified was then agreed to;
DECIMAL SYSTEM OF WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, by unanimous
consent, presented a resolution of the Legislature
of the State of Maine, in reference to a uniform
decimal system of weights and measures; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GROW. I now call for the regular order
of business.
- ATLANTA A PORT 01? DELIVERY.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man waive his call for a moment, until I can call
the attention of the House to a question of public
exigency ? I refer to the bill reported from the
Committee on Commerce conferring upon Atlanta,
Georgia, the privileges of a port of delivery. It
is necessary, in view of the pressure of public
business at that port, that the bill should be
passed, and that that place should have conferred
upon it the privileges of aport of delivery. The
bill contains only a few lines, and I am sure the
House will pass it immediately.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
first and second time.
It authorizes all goods that are entered at Sa-
vannah, within the collection district of Savan-
nah, and the duties thereon secured, to be trans-
ported in bond to Atlanta, within said collection
district, where such duties ihall be paid on the
withdrawal of such goods for consumption, under
the provisions of the law regulating the with-
drawal of merchandise; and a surveyor is to be
appointed for Atlanta, with a salary not exceed-
ing $1,000.
Mr. CLOPTON. I move to amend the bill by
adding a clause making Montgomery, Alabama,
also a port of entry.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I cannot consent
to that amendment.
Mr. CLOPTON. I move that as an amend-
ment. -
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not suppose
that the proposed amendment is germane to tho
bill; and therefore it is not in order.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bill was passed.
Mr. GARTRELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. McRAE. I ask leave to offer a resolution.
Mr. GROW. I must insist on the regular order
of business.
Mr. McRAE. It is only a resolution asking
for additional information. There can be no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. GROW. If it give rise to no debate, I will
not objcct.
There being no objection,
Mr. McRAE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That in addition to the information asked m
the resolution adopted in reference to the African slave
trade, the President be requested also to communicate to
this House tile number of officers and men in the service
of the United States belonging to the African squadron who
have died in that service since the date of the Asliburton
treaty, up to the present time.
REGULAR ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee on Commerce a bill, which
I ask to have put upon its passage.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
