1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I ask leave to
offer a resolution.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I must insist on the
regular order of business. I have a resolution
myself which I desire to offer. «
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is tlic consideration of House bill No. 2(3, for
the admission of Kansas into the Union.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Dickins , its Secretary, informing the House that
the Senate had passed a bill of the House (No.
273) for the relief of Micajah Hawks.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 238) for the relief of M. C.Gritzner;
An act (No. 346) for the relief of Joseph Pattee;
An act (No. 371) for the relief of certain settlers
in the State of Iowa;
An act (No. 378) to relinquish the title of the
United States to certain lands occupied by the city,
of Baton Rouge, in Louisiana;
An act (No. 387) for the relief of certain actual
settlers on lands granted to the State of Arkansas,
for railroad purposes;
An act (No. 345) for the relief of Mary Wal-
bach, widow of the late Brevet Brigadier General
John DeB. Walbach, of the United States Army;
and
A resolution (No. 27) authorizing the settle-
ment of the accounts of John II. Bartlett, late com-
missioner of the United States to run and mark
the boundary line between the United States and
Mexico, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had ordered the following
documents to be printed:
Message of the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, the correspondence between the
judges of Utah and the Attorney General, or
President, with reference to the legal proceedings
and condition of affairs in that Territory; and
Report of Captain "YV. B. Franklin, in charge
of the Capitol extension, made in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate, on the feasibility and
expense of moving the Senate Chamber from its
present position, so that it will take in the windows
on the north end, or cast or west sides of the Cap-
itol.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (II.
R. No. 273) for the relief of'Micajah Hawkes;
when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGES FItOM THE PRESIDENT.
Several messages, in writing, were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. James
Buchanan, his Private Secretary.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled the follow-
ing bills, when the Speaker signed the same:
A bill for the relief of Tench Tilghman;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Fillebrown; and
A bill for the relief of Arthur Edwards and his
associates.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The House then proeeoded to the consideration
of the bill (II. R. No. 23) for the admission of
Kansas into the Union. The preamble recites that
the people of the Territory of Kansas, by their
representatives in convention assembled, atWyar-
dctte, in said Temtoi y, on the 29th of July, 1859,
did form for themselves a constitution and State
government, republican m form, which was rati-
fied and adopted by the people at an election held
for that purpose, on Tuesday, the 4ih of October,
1^59, and that the said convention has, in their
name and behalf, asked the Congress of the United
States to admit the said Territory into the Union
as a State, on an equal footing with the other
States.
It therefore declares Kansas to be one of the
United States of America, and admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States
in all respects whatever. And that it shall con-
sist of nil the territory included within the follow-
ing boundaries, to wit: beginning at a point on the
western boundary of the State ofMissouri, where
the thirty-seventh parallel of north latitude crosses
the same; thence west on said parallel to the twen-
ty-fifth meridian of longitude west from Washing-
ton; thence north on said meridian to the fortieth
parallel of latitude; thence east on said parallel
to the western boundary of the State of Missouri;
thence south with the westeA boundary of said
State to the place of beginning.
The second section provides that, until the next
general apportionment of Representatives, the
State of Kansas shall be entitled to one Repre-
sentative in the House of Representatives of the
United States.
Mr. GROW*. I ask that the majority and mi-
nority reports of the Committee on Territories be
read. They are very short. I will then trespass
on the House for only a few minutes, and leave
the subject before the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the gentleman
from Pennsylvania does not propose to call the
previous question, and shut off discussion.
Mr. GROW. Not now.
The Clerk proceeded to read the reports. After
making some progress,
Mr. GROW said: Mr. Speaker, I see that
gentlemen have both the majority and minority
reports before them, and therefore, to save time,
I will not ask for the further reading by the Clerk,
but will make my statement. I do not propose
to discuss this question at this time, and shall
therefore simply make a statement of the facts,
and then leave the question with the House for
the present.
Tnerc never has been passed by Congress any
act enabling the people of Kansas to form a State
constitution. This is the third constitution they
have formed. The first one was presented to Con-
gress m J856, and a bill passed the House on the
3d of July, 1856, for the admission of the State.
It was sent to the Senate, and the Senate failed to
pass it, so that the application of the people of
Kansas for admission at that time was rejected.
Then came the application, underwhat is known
as the Lccompton constitution, at the first session
of last Congress. On account of a disagreement
between the two Houses, that bill failed; and a
committee of conference reported a bill providing
that the people of Kansas should vote whether
they would acccpt or reject certain land grants.
If they were accepted, then Kansas was to conic
in as a State under the Lccompton constitution;
and if rejected, she Was not to be admitted. The
bill provided that, before she should apply again,
she must have a population of ninety-three thou-
sand four hundred and twenty, to be shown by a
census duly taken.
The people of Kansas make their application
now under an act of the Territorial Legislature.
An act of the Territorial Legislature, approved
by the Governor 11th February, 1859, provided
that the question of calling a constitutional conven-
tion should be submitted to a vote of the people on
the first Tuesday in March, 1859. That vote was
taken, and there were seven thousand two hun-
dred and thirty-throe votes polled; there being a
majority of three thousand eight hundred and
eighty-one votes in favor of calling the conven-
tion. This same act provided that if the people
should decide to have a convention, delegates
should be elected on tho first Tuesday of.lune,
3859. Delegates were elcetcd on that clay; and
there were thirteen thousand nine hundred and
eighty-eight votes polled, not including the vote
of twelvo counties not returned. The constitution
framed by these delegates thus elected was sub-
mitted for ratification—under the law of the Ter-
: ntorial Legislature and under the provisions of
: the constitution itself—to a vote of the people of
j Kansas, on the first Tuesday in October, 1859.
! The proclamation of the Governor is embodied
I as an appendix to the report of the committee,
giving the votes for and against each proposition.
In that proclamation the certified vote of the peo-
ple of Kansas, on the ratification of this consti-
tution, is given as fifteen thousand nine hundred
and fifty-one; not including the vote of fifteen
counties from which no returns were officiall
made. At the election of Delegate to Congress
last fall, seven of these counties, not returned on
the adoption of the constitution, polled nine hun-
dred and twenty votes. That, added to fifteen
thousand nine hundred and fifty-ono votes re-
turned, would make the vote on the ratification
of the constitution sixteen thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy-one; excluding eight counties,
from which there was no return. These votes
were cast under the law of the Territory of Kan-
sas requiring a six months' residence.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I ask tho gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether the election for dele-
gate, of which he speaks, was for delegate to the
convention or_for Delegate to Congress?
Mr. GROW. Fifteen counties sent no returns
to the Governor on the vote ratifying the constitu-
tion ; and in order to ascertain the number of voters
in these counties from which there was no return,
I take the vote given at the election for a Delegate
to Congress, at which the sitting Delegate was
elected.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The Delegate to Con-
gress ?
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir. The vote of Kansas,
therefore, from the returns certified by her Gov-
ernor, and by the official returns of the election
for Delegate to Congress in those counties from
which returns were not made to the Governor, as
required by law, the whole vote on the ratification
of the constitution would be over seventeen thou-
sand; and that, too, under a law requiring a six
months' residence, which would be the voting
population of Kansas in April last—a year ago.
Tho vote on the ratification of the constitution
was ten thousand four hundred and twenty-one in
favor, to five thousand five hundred and thirty
against, being almost two to one in favor of the
constitution. Under these forms of law and rati-
fication it is presented for the action of Congress.
The people of this Territory, actingtmder the au-
thority of the Territorial Legislature—the same
authority that was claimed for the Lecompton
constitution, for it had no other authority but the
action of the Territorial Legislature—ratified, at
an election held under the authority of the law of
the Territory, by a vote of two to one, in an ag-
gregate vote of about seventeen thousand. In the
election for Delegate to Congress the whole vote
polled in the Territory wassixteen thousand nine
hundred and forty-nine. No returns from two
counties; and the returns from Big Springs, in
Douglas county, were thrown out for informality.
So that the entire vote polled at either of those elec-
tions exceeded seventeen thousand votes, which
is a greater vote than is polled in two thirds of the
congressional districts in the Union, as gentlemen
will see if they will make the comparison as I have
done.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Have you any data on
which you can approximate the actual population
of the Territory ?
Mr. GROW. I have no official returns; for the
office of the Secretary of State has no returns from
Kansas. The executive ofiicerfcin the Territory,
within a few years, seem to have failed in their
duty of furnishing to the Department what tho law
requires. I have, therefore, no official data as to
the population of Kansas. But from the most re-
liable data which I can gather, it appears that the
population of Kansas to-day is between one hun-
dred andtcn and one hundred andfifteen thousand.
There is a registry law in Kansas requiring the
voters to be registered. The registry is made m
each county, and returns thereof sent to the county
officers; so there is no territorial officer from whom
it could be procured officially. As near as we
could ascertain, the aggregate vote in the several
countics, as taken under the registry law, was a
little over twenty-one thousand in October last.
But so far as population is concerned, tho com-
mittee, as they state in their report, deemed it un-
necessary to enter into that question; for Congress
has twice decided that Kansas had population
enough for a State, and that question was there-
fore waived by their own action. In 1856 the
House passed a bill admitting Kansas into the
Union as a State, and the Senate then passed a bill
authorizing Kansas to proceed to form a constitu-
tion to be admitted into the Union, without any
reference to her population. Two years ago, both
Houses of Congress, by a majority of votes, con-
ceded that Kansas had population enough then to
be admitted into the Union under the Lccompton
constitution, which was spurned and rejected by
a majority of the people. If so, has it not pop-
ulation enough to be admitted under a constitu-
tion approved by a majority of its people? We
made no inquiry, however, as to population.
It was enough for us that this tribunal, to which
tho freemen ofKansas appeal to-day, had declared
that she had population enough for a slave State,
