THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
In order to rally together all the elements of op-
position to the Republican party, the strong anti-
slavery, I may say abolition, character of that
party was exposed. A portion of those who had
voted for Mr. Sherman, the candidate of the Re-
publican party, denied the accusation, so far as it
applied to them, and declared that they were not
acting with it from- any affiliation with its anti-
slavery sentiments. In a word, they declared that
they were members of the People's party, and had
no connection with anti-slavery organizations. To
show their elevation above anti-slavery miasma,
to illustrate their magnanimous and superb con-
servatism, they even voted for Mr. Gilmer, of
North Carolina; andtouchinglyand tenderly,and
I may add pathetically, entreated us on this side
of the House" to vote ourselves for the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer.] So fervid
seemed to be their advocacy and so consuming
their zeal, that they even, out of abundant cau-
tion, assured us that Mr. Gilmer had eighty-six
negroes, and was the largest slaveholder in Con-
gress. They not only made an" inventory of Mr.
Gilmer's negro property, but it seems they even
pushed their inquiries into the amount of like
property owned by the other southern gentlemen
on this floor. It was answered that, if the Dem-
ocratic party should go over to the supportof Mr.
Gumer, those who had been voting for Mr. Sher-
man, and whoso votes had been given to Mr. Gil-
mer, running his vote up to thirty-six, would with-
draw from Mr. Gilmer, and thus leave him out
of the reach of an election. This chargc excited
the most lively sensibility among some of the dis-
interested patriots who were affected by it.
Mr. McPHERSON. I know that the gentle-
man from South Carolina does not mean to do
injustice.
Mr. KEITT. Not at all.
Mr. McPHERSON. His remark, that the very
gentlemen who voted for Mr. Gii, ier voted for
Mr. Smith to-day and then deserted him, is not
correct.
Mr. KEITT. A portion of them.
Mr. McPHERSON. His remark was general
and sweeping.
Mr. ICElTT. *Then I will apply it only to the
men who to-day voted for Mr. Smith, and then
abandoned him.
Mr. RUST. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina will allow 1110 to call his attention to the fact
that when the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Gilmer] received thirteen votes from the
other side of the House, I declared that I would
not, under any circumstances, vote for Mr. Gil-
mer; and I went further, and said that I believed
their only object was a fraudulent and false one.
[Cries of "Order!"] I believe that those men 011
the other side who to-day voted for Mr. Smith,
and then abandoned him, have been guilty of false-
hood, fraud, and hypocrisy. [Renewed cries of
" Order!" " Order! 'J I exclude from this remark
Mr. Millwarii, of Pennsylvania, who has not
changed his vote. 1 charged it upon them then,
and it was indignantly denied; and I call the at-
tention of the House and the country to the fact,
that the very gentlemen who made that denial
have to-day been guilty of the very thing of which
I accused them.
Mr. McPHERSON. I am not the apologist
for any gentlemen in this House; and since the
first informal ballot, I have never voted for any
one but Mr. Sherman, of Ohio. Hence the re-
marks made had no application to me. But it
occurred to me that the gentleman from South
Carolina, in the excitement of the moment, was
including m his remarks certain parties who ought
not to be included.
I wish to say tins to the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Rust,] that, as I understand if, the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Smith,] who
has to-day received the votes of the Democratic
side of the House, and the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Gilmer,] who, two or fhree weeks
since, received the votes of certain gentlemen upon
this side of the House, stand upon essentially dif-
feient platforms, as proved by the developments
mode during the vot" to-day.
Mr. RUST. They had ample time to find out
what platform Mr. Smith stood upon.
Mr. HALE. I am one of the gentlemen who
voted for Mr, Gilmer twice.
Mr. RUST. I refer only to those gentlemen
who denied my allegation 111 respect to their votes
for Mr. Gilmer, and have to-day done the very
thing which I then charged that they would have
done if Mr. Gilmer could have been elected.
Mr. HALE. But the gentleman from Arkan-
sas stated that the men who voted for Mr. Gilmer
voted for him falsely and fraudulently.
Mr. RUST. No, 1 did not.
Mr. HALE. Enough said, then, upon that
point. Now, I want to call attention to another
fact. When the question was discussed whether
gentlemen upon this side voted for Mr. Gilmer
with the intention to elect him, gentlemen oppo-
site stated that, if they had voted for Mr. Gilmer,
and had afterwards found Republicans voting for
him, they would have changed their votes, because
they would have suspected something wrong.
Now, when gentlemen upon this side, who had
voted for Mr. Smith, found ultra, disunion Dem-
ocrats voting for him, they had a right to suspect
something wrong.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
believe it has been the understanding, acquiesced
in on all sides of the House, that when a gentle-
man has the floor, he cannot yield it to other gen-
tlemen for colloquies. That is my only point,
that these colloquies are out of order.
The. CLERK. It has been so held.
Mr. KEITT. With a sincerity that was ab-
solutely refreshing, and an earnestness that might
well have been mistaken for solemnity, we were
assured that they would "stick to the record."
Well, sir, some of them made a record to-day;
and did they " stick to it?" Let the record an-
swer. You declared you would stick with Gil-
mer; and I am too polite, gentlemen, to dispute
your word; nay, I am even prepared to admit
that if the members on this side of the House
had not gone over to Mr. Smith, and his election
had therefore been impossible, you would have
declared that in voting for him you intended to
"stick to the record." You are saved this ne-
cessity, gentlemen; and a wholesome lesson has
been administered to you, namely, to doubt your
own firmness. We have been taught something,
too, namely, not to attach any importance to your
professions; but to recognize you only by the flag
that waves over you—the flag of the Black Re-
publican party. The flag of the People's party
does not wave only over Pennsylvania's negro—
i. p., protection to coal and iron; but it waves
against the negro of the South. Ay, I suspect its
hostility to the southern negro is greater even than
its zeal for the negro of Pennsylvania. If this is
not so, how happens it that they have changed
their voles, and unelected (if T may use such an un-
recognized but strong word) Mr. Smith, after ho
had been elected by their votes}
In withdrawing their votes from Mr. Smith,
some, if not all of them, 1 believe, gave them to
Mr. Corwin. He nominated Mr. Sherman, the
Republican nominee, and voted for him uninter-
ruptedly, and therefore it evinces 110 especial con-
servatism, to use a word that the patriots now
catch up so eagerly, to vote for him. As a man-
ifestation of this same conservatism, we have been
told that there is about to be a change of front on
the part of the Republicans, and that Mr. Cor-
win or Mr. Pennington will be taken up. To
do so is to admit that the men who signed the
recommendation of Helper's Compend cannot
run the race. It is to admit that one of them can-
not be the successful nominee of the party. I do
not object to your making this declaration.
But let us look at the change of front for a mo-
ment. How can any one but a Republican vote
for either Mr. Corivin or Mr. Pennington? The
former, I suppose, is out of the question. Now
for the latter, lie has voted all the time for
Mr. Sherman, the Republican nominee, and has
thereby declared that he sympathizes with the
anti-slavery sentiment. In a word, by his vote
he has declared that he is closer to the Republican
paity than to any other in the country, and that
lie prefers acting with it to acting with any of the
party organizations now in the country. Who-
ever votes for him, then, does the same, and must
go with the Republicans. In fact, sir, I wish a
" show of hands;" I want positions to he defined
It is now Republicanism and anti-Republicanism,
and I want all who sympathize with the Repub-
licans to go to their camp and to remain there.
This is no time for evasions or subterfuges.
One must be with the Republicans, or against them.
The gentleman from North Carolina is not a Dem-
ocrat, nor an American; he is simply and purely
an old-line Whig; he is a representative of a party
dead and buried. In voting for him, the Demo-
crats have laid a chaplct upon the grave ofthe old
Whig party; in voting for him, the Americans
have laid a chaplet upon the grave of the old
Whig party; in voting for him, those of us who
owe allegiance to no party have expressed our
tipproeiation of his character and worth, and have
manifested our hostility to Republicanism. All
parties must yield something, all the members
must yield something, of their strict opinions, if it
be desirable to defeat the Republican party in the
organization of the House. The Democrats have
yielded something; the Americans have yielded
something; those others of us have yielded some-
thing in giving our votes for Mr. Smith, and it is
to be expected that we should yield something.
Now, sir, any one who votes for a Republican, or
for any one who has been supporting Mr. Sher-
man, in preference to Mr. Smith, declares that
the Republican party is nearer to him than even
an old-line Whig, and, in my judgment, must go
on with the party he has supported. One word
more, and I have done.
The member from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] and the
member from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] have been so
unceasing 111 their protestations of a wish to or-
ganize the House; have been crying so tenderly
over the sufferings of the mail contractors, that
they have, in default of getting the plurality rule,
even affectionately supplicated that some gentle-
man on this side of the Chamber should step out
of the Hall for a moment, and allow a smaller
number to elect. Why, sir, even their nominee,
Mr. Sherman, was so anxious for an organiza-
tion that he scrupulously abstained from voting,
ever since the first day of the session; I am bound,
of course, to believe, in order that the number of
votes might be reduced, and a smaller majority,
therefore, be necessary to elect. To-day, how-
ever, this solicitude seems to have departed from
him; for, for the first time since the second day
of the session, has he voted in the election for
Speaker, and that when the gentleman from North
Carolina had a majority, 1 believe, of the votes
cast. It was done,'l can only infer, to increase
the number of votes cast, and thereby the number
necessary to an election. It \!-ouid seem that the
Republican party is not anxious to organize, ex-
cept the organization be in their hands; and that
the exigencies of the struggle are cxciting the so-
licitude ofthe nominee of that party. Mr. Clerk,
I have only to add that mist and cloud are disap-
pearing, and that the struggle is now plainly show-
ing itself to be between the Republican party and
all who arc opposed to it. In view of these con-
servations, I decline to change my vote.
Mr. BARKSDALE sought the floor.
Mr. GROW. I object to interruption.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The gentleman has nn
right to object if 1 obtain the floor by consent of
the gentleman from South Carolina.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to the gentleman from Mississippi, that it has been
decided over and over again that interruptions
were not in order if objected to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I wish to say a few
words.
Mr. TI-IEAKER. I object.
The CLERK. Objection being made, the gen-
tleman from Mississippi cannot proceed. When
objections have been made from the gentleman's
own side,to gentlemenuponthoother side holding
the floor and farming it out, it was held that the
party holding the floor could not assign it, objec-
tion being made.
j! Mr. BARKSDALE. Gentlemen on the other
j! side have no right to object when the gentleman
from South Carolina consents to yield me the floor.
The CLERIC. When objections were made
upon the gentleman's side of the House, they
were recognized as being in order, and as being
right and proper, and the Clerk will hold the gen-
tleman to the same rule, objection being made to
his interruption, that was applied to the other side
of the House.
Mr. HILL sought the floor.
Mr. GROW. I insist 011 the point of order.
Mr. McKNIGHT sought the floor.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I have been appealed to
to answer why I did not vote for Governor Cor-
win 
