1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by the Supreme Court, in the Dred Scott case,
and bearing upon the rights of the South in the
Territories, and see how far the platform of the
Black Republicans corresponds with this judg-
ment of our highest court. In tho nineteenth
volume of Howard's Reports, page 395, it is stated
that the Supreme Court of the United States de-
cided in the Dred Scott case as follows:
" 1. The teintory thus acquired is acquired by tho peo-
ple of the United States for their common and equal ben-
efit, thiough their agent and trustee, the Federal Govern-
ment. Congress can exeicise no power over the ughts of
persons or property of ^ citizen m the Territory which is
prohibited by the Constitution. The Government and the
citizen, whenever the Territory is open to seulemcnl^both
eutei it with their respective rights defined and limited by
the Constitution.
"2. Congress have no right to prohibit the citizens of
any particular State or States fioin taking up their home
there, while it permits citizens of other States to do so.
Noi Ims it a i igbt to give privileges to one claas ol citizens
which it refuses to another. The Terutoiy is acquired lor
their equal and common benefit, and if open to any, it
must be open to all upon equal and the same terms.
" 3. Every citizen has a right to take with him into the
Terntoiy any article ot property which the Constitution of
the United States lccognizes as propeity.
"4. The Constitution of the United States lecognizes
slaves a^ piopeity. and pledges the Federal Government to
piotect it. And Congress cannot exercise any more au-
tnority over piopeity of that description than it may con-
stitutionally exeicise ovei pioperty of any other kind.
" 5. The act ot Congress, therefore, piohibitmg a citizen
of the United States taking with him his slaves when he le-
moves to the Ten itory m question to reside, is an exercise
of authority ovei private pioperty which is not wairanted
by the Constitution, and the lemovalof the plaintiff by hi-5
owner to that Territory gave him no title to freedom.
u 6. White it remains a Terntoiy, Congress may legis-
late over it within the scope ot its constitutional poweis in
relation to citizens of the United States, and may establish
a teintorial government, and the foun of this local govern-
ment must be regulated by the discretion ol Congress; hut
with poweis not exceeding those which Congress itself by
the Constitution is authorized to exeici&e over citizens of
the United States in lespect to their rights of persons or
rights of piopeity."
Now, sir, I find, in looking at the platform of
the Republican party, that instead of their being
u silent" upon thesiasury question, they take the
most efficient and active grounds, with a view of
carrying out their principles and policy. In their
seventh resolution, they refer to the question of
slavery especially; and 1 will incorporate aportion
of their platform for easy reference and as a matter
of curiosity. Amongstothcrconflicts between that
platform and the decision of the Supreme Court,
i would like to hear the gentleman's explanation
of the discrepancy between the fourth and four-
teenth articles, which appear to touch somewhat
upon the tenets of the Americans:
1. That the history of the nation during the la*t four
years has* established the propriety and necessity of tin' oi-
ganization and poipetuation of the Republican paity ; and
that the causes which called it into existence aie permanent
in then nature, and now, moie than cvci before,demand its
poaeeiul and cont-titutioiial tnumph.
That the maintenance ot the Federal Constitution is
essential to the preservation of our republican institution-*,
and tehall be preserved ; that we solemnly rea,-&eit the self-
evident uuths, that all men aie endowed by their Cieator
with ceitam inalienable lights, among which aie tho-e of
hie,liberty, ami the puisuit ot happiness ; and that guvctu-
inentsaio instituted among nmii to secure tho onjoymetitof
these nzhts.:5 * •* * * * + * *
'• 4. That the maintenance inviolate ot the i ights of the
States, and especial!) the rights of each State to oidot and
contiol its own domestic institutions aceoiding to its own
judgment exclusively, is essential to the balance of power
oil which the perfection and endurance of her political taith
depends. And we denounce tho lawless mvas-ion by an
aimed toiee trom any State or Terntoiy, no matter under
what pretext, as among the gravest ol erimcs.
"5. That the present Demociatic Administration has fat
exceeded our worst apprehensions in its measureless sub-
seiviency to the exactions ot a sectional mteiest, as is es-
pecially evident m its desperate exertions totorcethe infa-
mous iieconipton constitution upon the protesting people
of Kansas; m construing the personal leiatious between
master and servant to involve an unqualified pioperty in
persons; m its attempts at the enforcement evei\where,
on land and sea, tmough the intervention ot Congress and
the Federal eouii>. of the extreme pretensions ol a puielv
local mteiest; and in its general and unvarying abuse of
the powci mtitWed loit by a confiding people.*'
" 7. That the new dogma that the Constitution, of it*
own foice, carncs Vsiavery into any or all Territories ot the
United States is a dangerous political heresy, at variance
with the explicit provisions of thatmsti umeut itself, with its
cotemporaneous exposition, and with legislative and judi-
cial precedent; is revolutionary in its tendencies and sub-
vei.,ive of th<-* peace and haimony ot the countiy.
''8. That the normal condition ot all the teintory of the
United States is that of heedom. That, as our republican
fathers, when they had abolished slavery in all our national
tcmtoiy, ordained that no person should be depuved of
hfe, liberty, or piopeity, Without due process of law. it be-
comes our duty, by legislation, whenever such legislation
is necessary, to maintain tin-? provision of the Constitution
against all attempts to violate it. And wedenytheauthoi-
 ty of Congress, of a Territorial Legislature, or of any in-
dividuals, to give legal existence to slavery in any Terri-
tory of the United States." * * * * ' *
" 14. That the national Republican party is opposed to
an)[ change in Our naturalization laws, or any State legis-
lation by which the rights of citizenship hitherto accorded
to emigrants from foreign lands siiail be abridged or im-
paired, and in favor of giving a full and efficient protection
to the rights of all classes of citizens, whether native or
naturalized, either at home or abroad." * * * *
" 17. Finally, having thus set forth our distinctive prin-
ciples and views, we invite the cooperation ot all citizf ns,
however differing on other questions, who substantially
agree with us in their affirmance and support."
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Mary-
land made a statement a few moments ago which
fell upon my ear imperfectly', and if he will re-
state what he said he will much oblige me. I
understood him to say something about Mr. Fill-
more's support of the Republican nominee at Chi-
cago. "What was the purport of that remark?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I am very
happy to oblige the gentleman. I alluded to the
fact that my colleague, in his spccch, made some
reference to Mr. Fillmore as the idol of the Oppo-
sition in the State of Maryland; and I concede
that Mr. Fillmore occupied that position in the
canvass of1856. But recently, and since the nom-
inationsatChicago and at Baltimore, I have under-
stood that Mr. Fillmore will give his support to
the Chicago nominees, Lincoln and Hamlin. I
do not know whether that is the fact or not; I
have seen it so reported.
Mr. MAYNARD. I take pleasure in saying
—apd no doubt it will be gratifying to the gentle-
man from Maryland to know it—that Mr. Fill-
more does not and will not support the Chicago
nominees.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I certainly
am very glad to hear it, and 1 hope it will turn out
to be true.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Ma-
ryland will yield to me a moment, 1 desire to ask
the gentleman from Tennessee if it is not a fact
that the home organ of Mr. Fillmore at Buffalo,
has raised the names of Lincoln and Hamlin at
the head of its columns?
Mr.MAYNARJJ. lfthc gentleman from Penn-
sylvania refers to the paper known as the Buffalo
Commercial Advertiser, I suppose the fact to be
so. But the further fact ought also to be stated,
that the BulTalo Commercial Advertiser is not
now, and has not, for a considerable length of
time, been the organ of Mr. Fillmore. lie hns
; no connection with it. I have this from authority
i which is perfectly satisfactory.
: Mr. FLORENCE. I regarded it as significant
! of the probable position of Air. Fillmore, and
' grieved over the lull of a great man from a very
i good cause, -so far as I understand it.
I The Tribune, a newspaper published m New
! York, referred to the position of the Buffalo Com-
1 mercial Advertiser as significant of the union of
all the elements of the Opposition against the Dem-
ocratic party; and 1 supposed it included Air. Fill-
more, and the American organization, so far as it
could be influenced by that or^an. Heartily glad,
however, am I to hear the gentleman state that
Air. Fillmore has not fallen from that high and
lofty position which he occupies as a national man.
1 Air. MAYNARD. I have understood the fur-
ther fact, that Air. Jewett, the editor, and perhaps
the proprietor of that paper, has a veiy large and
profitable contract from the present Administra-
tion for printing the Post Office blanks.
| Air. FLORENCE. But that is not. from the
I Administration per se. It resulted from the action
I of this House, xn fixing the price to be paid for
: printing those blanks. Air. Jewett gets the con-
; tract from the legislative department of fhc Gov-
Ij ernment. You recollect that we changed the law
it in reference to the price to be paid for printing the
j; Post Office blanks; and under that law that gen-
ii tleman was fortunate enough to get the contract.
■ I say <k fortunate," for though I know nothing of
' the matter, yet I hear that the law which we
! passed fixed even a higher price than we paid be-
1 fore, i hope that is not so, for it was said that
j wo paid too large a profit then; and if it is so, we
! had better not have changed the law.
Air. STEWART, of Maryland. The only
thing I was after was to learn how our prominent
public men stand; and I hope my friend from
Tennessee represents correctly the attitude of
Air. Fillmore, and that he will adhere and stand
up to that position, i wanted to know precisely
how my colleague from Baltimore stands—
whether he will support the nominees of the Chi-
cago or of the Baltimore conventions, if ho .will
permit me again to.putythat question to-him* X
hope that Mr. Fillmore and his friends andad-
mirers will stand up to their former positions.^ If
all the sound constitutional men of the country-
will stand their ground, without dodgingin this
crisis, we can beat the Black Republican party.
If there are any who do not like the Democratic
party, they can vote for Bell, Houston, or some-
body else, North, South', East, or West, and
against the Republicans; but for God's sake, ami
the good of the country, do not go over to such a
party as the Black Republican, when- in a minor^
ity, and eke out for it a vital support, as did my
colleague indirectly, in 1855, contribute to the
election of Banks, and, in this last contest, ex-
pressly support the election of Pennington. I
say that is not standingup to the principles and
policy of the Constitution or the South, but is
rendering sustenance and comfort to this Black
Republican party in its distress. It is in conse-
quence of such policy arid proceeding that this
Republican party has now its position and its
prestige.
In ihe same spirit, it may be remaiked, my col-
league goes on to speak about the abominable and
treasonable invasion of Harper's Ferry; talks of
it lightly, as not, in fact, being an invasion; that it
ought not to have created excitement in the coun-
try; and he makes out that all is quiet. He says,
it was merely a matter to be tried by judge and
jury. Well, is not that the way you try traitors
and pirates, and all men who violate the laws,
with a few special exceptions? And he under-
takes to say jfrhis was not an invasion! There
was the State of Maryland, bordering upon Vir-
ginia at Harper's Ferry, and the whole'country,
men, women, and children, horrified by that
abomination at Harper's Ferry; by that John
Brown raid;and by the mad, fanatical spirit which
instigated it.
But my colleague thought that it was a trifling
] matter, and hardly worth notice; that all this
thing could be easily settled; that we need not
feel any alarm, notwithstanding this nefarious and
bloody assault on Harper's Ferry, and forgetting
that wc were living in a border State. Aly col-
league gets up here boldly and even undertakes
to icctiye the people of the State of Maryland,
through their representatives, for expressing ihe
opinion that he was not standing up, as he ought,
for the interests and honor of the State; and then,
forsooth, he speaks of the invasion of Harper's
Ferry with that sort of coolness, as if it were a
mere farce. This looks strange to come espe-
cially from a Representative from Mai y land.
Wliy, how do revolutions always commcnce? His
reading of the classics will tell him. Just from
some equally exciting cause. Men are got into a
state of feverish excitement, and then a collision
is brought about, and the sequel follows.
Air. MORRILL. I feel bound to claim the
floor now.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. The gentle-
man from Vermont will allow me two or three
minutes more. I have this to say in conclusion.
1 assure the member from Baltimore that nothing
gives me more regict, as a citizen of a Maryland,
than to see the course pursued by him in these
political matters, especially in the GXisting con-
dition of the country. ^ certainly speak more in
sorrow than in anger; but the fearful times de-
mand a solemn expression of opinion. He has
attainments, eloquence, force, power; that is con-
ceded. It seems to me that they ought to be di-
rected into a different channel. I will not under-
take to comment now on the lamentable state of
things that has existed in Baltimore, under his
surroundings, because the gentleman's election
is questioned, and the matter is still under in-
vestigation. But the gentleman spoke not only
j' of his own constituents, but of the people of the
j! State of Maryland. I hope he will do us the jus-
ji tice to believe that, outside of his own immedi-
ij ate precincts, at least, the people of the State are
!j sound and vigilant in their opposition to the pol-
i icy of the Black Republican party.
i They believe that tho success of that ;party
j would be destructive to our institutions. Xhey
! stand on that point with as much unanimity as
! was indicated by the House of Delegates, and, J
i venture to say, as would have been shown by the
I Senate on the resolution with reference to my
