1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and, if so, two years' immigration would at least
givc hor sufficient population for a free State; and
wo ask not whether her population was twenty-
five thousand or two hundred thousand. It is, m
my judgment, under the circumstances, a matter
of no earChly consequence. But I have cited the
votes of the people of Kansas in order to show
that this constitution meets their approval, and
that it does not come here blackened with fraud
and with an attempt to force upon the people a
constitution which they abhor, and institutions
they loathe.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to the minority report I
have one word to say, and I desire to say it now,
in order to give the minority an opportunity to
comment on what I say, if they desire to. So far
as the rights of Indians in Kansas are concerned,
the present bill is, word for word, oil that point,
like the bill which passed the Senate, and was voted
for by nearly every Democrat in this House, for
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution; and the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Clark] who presented the minority report
voted for it. He was not then as jealous of the
rights of the Indians as he is now. No greater
safeguards or protections were thrown around the
rights of the Indian tribes in Kansas in the Le-
compton bill than are to be found in this bill,
because upon that point the two bills are word for
word the same; while the bill which is known
as the "English bill" gave no protection to the
Indians, and the gentleman who represents the
minority of the committee voted for it without
question. The rights of the Indians, it seems,
were not at stake then, and their interests were
entirely overlooked.
But, sir, so far as the Indian tribes in Kansas
are concerned, they are secured in this bill in the
same phraseology in which they were secured in
what is known as the Kansas-Nebraska bill. No
more regard was paid then to these sacred and
inviolate rights of the Indians under treaties with
the Government, than is made in this bill, because
the phraseology is almost indentical in both.
Then, sir, are the rights of white men to be dis-
regarded now, bccause of the supposed rights of
the Indian tribes, when they are secured and guar-
antied in the bill ? Shall the people of Kansas be
forced to stand at the doors of the Union four
years longer, with the liability of the repetition of
the same outrages and wrongs upon them that
were perpetrated for the last four years, when the
bill, so-far as the rights of Indiansare concerned,
is in the same phraseology as the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill and the Lecompton bill,and when, in
the bill i-eported from the conference committee,
known as the English bill, no attention was paid
<* to the rights of Indians, and not one word was
said in reference to their treaty rights and stipu-
lations ?
But, Mr. Speaker, I have been drawn further
into this discussion than I intended. I desired
simply to state the facts in the proceedings to form
the constitution now presented, and I will enu-
merate them now in a single word.
The Legislature of Kansas passed a law sub-
mitting to the people of Kansas the question
whether they would hold a convention to frame a
constitution and State government. The provis-
ions of that law were complied with in every par-
ticular. The vote of the people was in favor of
holding a convention; and delegates to that con-
vention were elected under it. The convention was
held, which adopted a constitution; which consti-
tution was submitted to the people of Kansas, and
ratified by a vote of two to one. Such are the pro-
ceedings in brief of the people of Kansas prelim-
inary to this application.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. When I left the
House a few minutes since, the Clerk had com-
menced to read the reports of the majority and
minority of the Committee on Territories. I do
not know whether the entire reports were read or
not.
Mr. GROW. I will say to the gentleman from
Missouri that the Clerk only read a paragraph or
two of the report. I found that the members of
the House had the reports very generally in their
hands, and I did not think it worth while to take
up the time of the House with the reading.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE: If the gentleman
from Missouri will allow me a moment, I wish to
propound one or two questions to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will yield, if it
does not interfere with my right to the floor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to aslc"the
gentleman a question for my own information.
I find in the bill, on page 2, a description of the
boundaries under which it is proposed to admit
Kansas as a State into the Union. I will ask the
gentleman whether these boundaries are identical
with the boundary of the Territory of Kansas as
they now exist; and if not, in what respect they
differ ?
Mr. GROW. No, sir. The boundaries pro-
vided in this bill are just the boundaries specified'
in the constitution. The State, as proposed, ex-
tends west to the one hundred and second merid-
ian of longitude west from Greenvyich, or the
twenty-fifth degree west of Washington. The
Territory itself extends beyond that meridian,
and embraces what is known in common parlance
as the Pike's Peak country.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Are they identical
with the boundaries contained in the Lecompton
constitution ?
Mr. GROW. I think not. I think the bound-
aries specified in the Lecompton constitution em-
braced the whole country embraced in the Terri-
tory of Kansas.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have one question
farther, which I propound to the gentleman. Is
the population embraced within the Pike's Peak
country included in the estimate Which the gen-
tleman has given of the population of Kansas.
Mr. GROW. No, sir.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If I am informed
correctly, the Pike's Peak country contains a
population of some fifteen or twenty thousand.
Mr. GROW. About that number. I will state
to the gentleman and to the House that it is about
foifr hundred miles from the western boundary of
Missouri to the proposed western boundary of
the State of Kansas—the one hundred and second
meridian of longitude. If I am not mistaken, it
is about two hundred and fifty or three hundred
miles from that line to the western boundary of
the Territory of Kansas. It will be seen, there-
fore, that the limits of the proposed State leave
out the intervening country known as the Pike's
Peak country.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is one fur-
ther question which 1 desire to propound to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania; and then I will
CCaSC.
Mr. PARROTT. 1$ the gentleman from New
York will allow me, I will make a single obser-
vation in rcfercnce to the boundary. The bound-
aries fixed in this bill are the same as those fixed
in what is known as the Toombs bill, which
was reported to the Senate in 1856. They are
likewise the same as those fixed m the bill pro-
posed in the House the'same year by Mr. Ste-
phens, of Georgia, and which was very generally
voted for by the Democratic members of the
House.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will allow me,
I wish to make one remark right here; At the
last Congress a bill was reported to this House
from the Committee on Territories, by Mr. Ste-
phens, their chairman, proposing to establish the
Territory of Jefferson, fixing the eastern bound-
ary of that Territory one degree further cast than
the western boundary of Kansas, as now proposed
The western boundary of the State as now pro-
posed is, as I staled, the one hundred and second
degree of longitude. That fixed by the Commit-
tee on Territories last Congress, for the eastern
boundary of the Territory of Jefferson, was one
hundred and one degrees.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. One more question
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. It is this:
whether any portion of the population—the vot-
ing population—of Kansas estimated by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania included the sixteen
or seventeen thousand which it is admitted, I be-
lieve, are in the Pike's Peak region r
Mr. GROW. Not at all; for the people of
Pike's Peak would have nothmg at all to do with
the territorial organization of Kansas. They being
out near the Rocky Mountains, have set up a
kind of provisional government for themselves;
they have elected a Delegate to Congress for them-
selves; have taken no part in these Kansas elec-
tions; and, therefore, they are not embraced m
the statement of the number of votes within the
limits of the proposed State of Kansas, There
is a strip of country, known as the Buffalo J?laip,
two hundred and fifty or three hundred miles in
breadth, between tKe western, boundary pf, the
proposed Stateand the Pike's Peak $opntry  which
is not inhabited.. They are, therefore, a, distinct
community, and form no part of the. number (of
population or voters which I have given for the
proposed State of Kansas. „
Mr. McCLE&NAND. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania what is the distmice
between the western boundary of the.proppsed
State and the western boundary of the present
Territory of Kansas?
Mr. GROW. I have no exact information of
the distance; but my information is, that it is
about two hundred and fifty or three hundred
miles. I desire to say, further, if the gentleman
from Missouri will permit me, that Kansas, with
the boundaries as now proposed, contains about
eighty-five or ninety thousand square miles, I
state this in answer to a question which has been
asked.
Mr. CLARK* of Missouri. I ask that the first
two paragraphs of the minority report may be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"On the 4th of May, 1858, Congress enacted -a.law in
relation to Kansas, which, among other things, provided
that ' the people of said Territory are hereby authorized
and empowered to form for themselves a constitution and
State government, by the name of the State of Kansas,
according to the Federal,Constitution, and may.eleet dele-
gates for that purpose whenever, and not. before, it is ascer-
tained, by a census duly and legally taken, that the pop-
ulation of said Territory equals or exceeds the ratio of
representation required for a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Congress of the United States; and
whenever thereafter such delegates shall assemble in con-
vention, they shall first determine by a vote whether it is
the wish of the peopleof the proposed State to be admitted
into the Union at that time; and if so, shall proceed to form
a constitution, and take all necessary steps for the estab-
lishment of a State government, in conformity with the
Federal Constitution, subject to such limitations and re-
strictions as to the mode and manner of its approval or rai
ification by the people of the proposed State as they may
have prescribed by law, and shall be entitled to admission
into the Union as a State under such constitution thus fairly
and legally made, with or without slavery, as said consti-
tution may prescribe.*
" A perusal of the law shows that Kansas was author-
ized to form a constitution, and apply for admission into
the Union as a State, ' whenever, and not before, it is as-
certained, by a census duly and legally taken, that the pop-
ulation of said Territory equals or exceeds the ratio of
representation required for a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Congress of the United States.' The
first step to be taken to form a State government by the au-
thorities of Kansas, if they desired to proceed in accord-
ance with the laws of the land, was, therefore, to ascertain
whether Kansas contained the requisite population. Did
the people of Kansas take that step thus by the law required
to be taken ? No one so asserts. On the contrary, they pro-
ceeded as though there were no laws on the subject; or as
though, if there were laws, there existed no'authority ade-
quate to their enforcement upon the people disposed to dis-
regard them. Having a contempt for the law, and relyJng
upon a powerful party for support in so doing, they disre-
garded the law."
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, the
objections which "I make to the passage of the bill
reported by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow,] for the admission of Kansas into*
the Union as a State, are fully stated in the report
I have submitted, and which is before the House.
If the House will bear with me, however, I will
briefly state the reasons of my opposition to the
pending bill. Whatever may nave heretofore
been the policy of this Government in reference
to the admission of new States; notwithstanding
the seeming disregard whether they had, or had
not, the requisite population, under the ratio of
representation, to entitle them toa member in this
House, the whole question wasdetermined by the
last Congress. Congress, in the passage of the
English Kansas bill,provided that Kansas should
not be admitted as a State into the Union until it
was ascertained, by a census legally taken, that it
had the requisite population. This House and the
Senate were committed to that policy by the votes
which they gave upon that bill; they were both
committed toitby tneenactmentof thatliill. I un-
derstand that the policy of the General Govern-
ment, in the admission of new States m to the Union
about the time that Florida became a State was,
so far as the population was concerned, not -par-
ticularly to be controlled by the fact^whether the
new State had or had not a population sufficient
under the ratio of representation to entitle it to a
member upon this floor. However that BJay ':)e>
I doubt whether any fair-minded man will ques-
tion the propriety of the General Government
