I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Simms.
Ho. os Reps. '
Hour. I would guard it with a mighty national
„entiment as a holy thing, that would shield it
from the attacks of fanaticism and dangerous con-
struction. But, sir, this bill involves no such prin-
ciple. It proposes solely to prescribe penalties
against a wrong that has been declared a crime by
the common law in every Christian country, and
punished as a felony by every State in this union.
This brings me to the position assumed, and
the argument adduced, by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Etheridge.]
The distinguished gentleman from Tennessee
occupies a different relation to this measure from
the one occupied by the gentleman from South
Carolina. He favors its passage, and will cast
his vote for it. He docs not deny the constitu-
tional power of Congress to pass this act; he ad-
mits its power to do so; but declares that to vote
for it is to concede or recognize the power of Con-
gress to legislate upon all subjects in the Territo-
ries, slavery included.
The logic of the position of the gentleman from
Tennessee is, that he holds that Congress has
power to legislate upon all subjects in the Terri-
tories, slavery included; and in voting for this
bill, he is willing for Congress to cxcrcisc that
power.
In enforcing this position, he assumes two
grounds of argument, which he esteems as con-
clusive in the premises. The first is, that for Con-
gress to undertake to pass a law for the punish-
ment of polygamy or bigamy in'the Territories
of the United States, is to legislate "against a
domestic relation." That the domestic relations,
as defined by the common law, are those of pa-
rent and child, husband and wife, guardian and
ward, master and servant, or master and slave.
His second ground of argument is, that a hus-
band has i>roperty m the services of his wife by
the common law; and hence, if Congress has
power to legislate against our domestic relation,
as between husband and wife, it has power to
legislate against another domestic relation—as
between master and slave. If it has power to
interfere with a husband's right of property in the
services of his wife, it has power to interfere with
a master's right of property in his slaves.
I deny that this bill involves that principle, or
anything akin to it. I contend that it is the very
converse of that principle; and instead of involv-
ing principles destructive of domestic rights or
rights of property, it is designed to protect those
rights by punishing crimes against them.
If I concurred in opinion with the gentleman
from South Carolina, or believed that this bill in-
volved or recognized the principle as contended
for by the gentleman from Tennessee, I should
vote against it. In my humble judgment no mem-
ber upon this floor from a southern State, has
assumed a position so fatal to the safety of southern
institutions, as the gentleman from Tennessee. If
his position be true, there could be no escape from
the evils embraced in the principles of this bill,
were it not that if this bill contains these princi-
ples it is clearly in violation of the Constitution
of the United States. The Supreme Court have
already decided that Congress has no power,
either directly or indirectly, to pass any law im-
pairing the citizen's right of person or his right of
property, slavery included, in any of the Territo-
ries of the United States.
If this bill, then, is an exercise of that power,
or involves a principle that would lead, by indi-
rection, to the exercise of that power on the part
of Congress, it would be a plain violation of the
Constitution to pass it; and if passed, would be
a dead letter upon the statute-book, wherever the
issue was made before any judicial tribunal.
Now, sir, let us examine the gentleman's argu-
ments andapply them to the principle of this bill,
and see if they will sustain the gentleman's posi-
tion, that its passage will be a concession of the
power of Congress to "legislate upon all sub-
jects in the Territories," slavery included. He
takes the position that whoever votes for this bill
concedes the power of the Federal Government
to interfere with the relations of master and slave
in the Territories. In order that I may not mis-
represent the position of the gentleman, I will
read from his speech, delivered in this House
two days ago:
" Now I am favoring tins measure I admit, with a perfect
consciousness of all the legal consequences fairly involved
in the passage of the bill.
" But there is not only an important principle in this bill,
as well a3 a great duty to perform. That principle I have
already briefly referred to; and it might as well be stated
now as hereafter, that the Republicans will not only claim
the chief merit of the passage of the bill, but they will point
to it in after times as a dnect legislative admission of the
power of Congress over the domestic affairs of the people
of the organized Territories, including negro slavery."
" We are told here, day by day, that the Constitution of
the United States recogmzes slavery. It has been repeated
over and over again, until the superficial hearer supposes
that there is an express guarantee in the Inderal Constitu-
tion in regard to slavery. Now, sir, I am i eady to maintain
that the Constitution of the United States docs not recog-
nize slavery, or guaranty slavery, any more than it lecog-
nizes or guaranties the relation of husband and wife, or
parent and child.
" Until within the last few years, the right of the hus-
band to chastise the wife for good cause was recognized in
many of the States as a common law right; and now, where
ever the common law prevails, his right to her labor and to
all her earnings is still recognized as unqualifiedly as the
right of the master to the earnings of the slave; and it must
not be forgotten that the common law was in force in al!
the States when the Federal Constitution was adopted. I
say, thcicforc, that the right recognized by the Constitution
of pioperty m slaves is almost identical with the right rec-
ognized by the same instrument of the father or master to
the apprentice or the child, or of the husband to the cus-
tody, the labor, and the earnings of the wife." * *
* * " I maintain that this bill concedes too much for
that class of southern politicians who maintain that the
Constitution entries slavery into all the organized Territo-
ries, whether the people ot such Territories favor it or op-
pose it, and that it is the ditty of Congress to legislate for it,
and to maintain It—slavery—there,without any regard what-
ever to the popular will. As tills bill concedes the right or
power of Congress to legislate against a domestic institu-
tion, T propose, I say, to extend the application, and see
whether the poisoned chalice may not be commended to
their own lips."
Now, sir, I admit that, by the common law, a
husband was supposed to have property in the
services of his wife. But, sir, docs this bill pro-
pose to dispossess the husband of any right he
may have in the services of his legal wife? Does
it propose in any respect to interfere with the
domestic relation of husband and wife? By the
common law, or by any statute law of any Chris-
tian State, can this relation exist between more
than one man and one woman at the same time?
Can one man bear legal conjugal relations to two
women at the same tunc? Can lie have property
in the services of both? Can both succeed to the
right of dower in his estate? Can the children of
both succeed as heirs to his estate ? The gentleman
says he is a good lawyer. Can he find any law
for this? No, sir. "JTiic marriage relation, by
every law of every Christian country, has been
defined to be a civil contract between one man
and one woman; and for either party to violate
this contract or relation, by marrying again during
the existence of tins legal relation, that act of vio-
lation was a wrong within itself, and was madS a
crime bylaw, punishable with fines and penalties.
This has been the law, I repeat, of every civil-
ized Christian State for near two thousand years.
This legal marriage relation establishes per-
sonal rights and personal interest which no legis-
lative tribunal under our form of government, nor
the parties themselves at their mere will and
pleasure, can divest or destroy. The wife owes
obedience to the husband and the husband piotcc-
tion to the wife, and both owe protection and care
to their children. This relation lies at the very
foundation of our whole social system. It regu-
lates our laws of descent; it determines the tenure
of estates. It is the foundation-rock of our ci\il
and religious fabric. And, sir, when we under-
take to punish a crime against this relation, arc
we to bo told we are interfering with this rela-
tion—" with the husband's right of property in
his wife's services5" This law is to protect this
relation; to protect the personal rights of hus-
band, wife, and children, that grow outof it. Has
a man the same right to property in the services
of his second wife, if his first marriage relation
still exists, that a master has in his slave? Is
she his wife at all, in legal signification? No,
sir. Then the gentleman's argument falls to the
ground. Instead of a man having property in
two wives at the same time, by committing big-
amy or polygamy, the State has property in his
liberty, in his services as a felon, for the violation
of this relation.
So the gentleman's argument is not in point; it
docs not touch the question. A husband has no
property, even by the common law, in the ser-
vices of his sccond wife. She is not his wife, nor
is he her husband, in legal signification, if his first
marriage relation exists. If the first marriage
relation has been annulled, then this bill does not
interfere with this second relation. It protects it,
by preventing him from contracting another while
it exists. If this bill proposed to interfere with
any legal marriage relation, then the gentleman's
argument might be in point; but as it (joes not, it
falls by the wayside, as one of the many logical
absurdities that may be found in his speech. ButJ
sir, I approach the main argument upon which
the gentleman relies in proof of his position, and
that is this: that this bill proposes to legislate
against a domestic relation; ana if Congress has
power to legislate against one domestic relation,
it has power to legislate against all domestic re-
lations. And if it has power to legislate against
the domestic relation of husband and wife, it has
power to legislate against the domestic relation of
master and slave. This is the strong ground upon
which the gentleman plants himself. But, sir, it
will require no sapping nor mining to drive him
from this position. In order that the gentleman
may assume and define his own position upon
this point, I will read from his speech:
" Now, sir, what are domestic institutions ? They consist
simply of husband and wife, parent and child, guardian
and ward, master and servant, and master and slave. I
believe this enumeration embraces the entire list, as recog-
nized in the law books. I have enumerated all the domestic
relations known to the laws of this country; and I appeal
to you whether I have not enumerated them correctly. And
I ask, if Congress can take jurisdiction of the relation of
husband and wife, may it not also exercise jurisdiction in
icgard to another domestic relation? Now,'forewarned
is forearmed.' * * * * *
" Now, sn, I maintain that nil writers on jurisprudence
who allude to the domestic relations, declare husband and
wile to bo among ttie most sacred. That of master and ser-
vant, or master and slave, are certainly not regarded as any
more sacrcd than that of husband and wife and parent and
child." *********
" Domestic institutions have been about the same from
the beginning of tune. Go back to the days of Abraham.
Ask my patriarchal friend fiom Utah, the sole representa-
tive of the e domestic institutions' of the rising young State
of Utah—'domestic,' I micht say, in an eminent degree,
[laughtei]—and he will tell you that his constituents are
attempting to perpetuate the manners and customs of au-
tiquity, and it is uncandid m us to say that this hill does
not interfere with one of the f domestic institutions'of
society."
This, sir, is the main point the gentleman at-
tempts to make in his speech: that we are propos-
ing, by this bill, to legislate against a domestic in-
stitution. He thinks" there can be no escape from
this. And when the gentleman declares " he is
favoring this measure with a perfect consciousness of
all the legal consequences fairly involved in this bill,"
his position is remarkable in more respects than
one. While it is remarkable in its legal and logic-
al aspect, it is still more remarkable ifi ite po-
litical aspect, when we remember that this posi-
tion is voluntarily assumed by a Representative
from a southern State. The gentleman says he is
a good lawyer. That is not the question before
the House. 1 will not venture to pronounce upon
the legal attainments of the gentleman; but jf I
were permitted to express an opinion upon the
subjcct, I would say that his construction of the
Constitution is too far north for a southern Rep-
resentative. He may be a good lawyer, but I
have not the greatest confidence in him as a law-
maker since he has defined his position upon this
subject. If he is not a good lawyer, he at least
is entitled to the credit of originality. He de-
clares that, when Congress undertakes to punish
bigamy or polygamy m the Territories, it is le-
gislating against a domestic, relation.
I would thank the gentleman to refer me to any
law writer, good in his own opinion or in the
opinion of any one else, who has ever declared
polygamy or'bigamy to bo a domestic relation.
The domestic relations are designated and defined
by the common law. Is polygamy or bigamy
included in the enumeration as made by the com-
mon lawand repeated in the gentleman's speech?
The domestic relations are those existing between
husband and wife, parent and child, guardian and
ward, master and servant. Is polygamy or bigamy
included in these? Is not polygamy or bigamy
an offense against the domestic relation of husband
and wife, and was it not so declared by the common
law defining the domestic relations ? And was it
not so punished by the common law? The com-
mon law defines the marriage relation, as I have
