200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
36th Cong, .. .1st Sess.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Simms.
Ho. of Reps.
before stated, to be a civil contract existing between
one man and one woman. No man was permitted
by the common law to bear this relation to -more
than one woman during the existence of the con-
jugal state. If he did, it was made a crime by the
common law, and punished as such. How, then,
is the Congress of the United States, in the passage
of this act, legislating against a domestic relation ?
It is seeking to protect this relation, by punishing
polygamy or bigamy as a crime against, it. That
is the purpose of this bill; and it has no other,
and involves no other principle.
The gentleman, in his anxiety to entangle the
Democratic party in the meshes of inconsistency,
has overleaped himself, and now finds himself
bound hand and foot, with no chance of escape
from his position,'' that Congress has power; "and
when he votes for this bill, " he concedes its power
to legislate upon all domestic questions in the
Territories, slavery included."
And how, sir, docs he arrive at that eanclusion >
By what power of logic does he make the dis-
covery? It is this: that when Congress under-
takes to punish a crime against a domestic relation,
it is legislating against, the domestic relation itself;
and the same power which will authorize you to
punish a crime against a domestic relation or per-
sonal right, will authorize you to legislate for the
destruction of that domestic relation or personal
right. Then, sir, if this be true, a crime against
a domestic or personal right is the right itself. Is
not this "something new under the sun?" Is
not this quite a discovery in both law and logic?
Try the gentleman's other position by an illus-
tration. When a State, within its own limits, or
the General Government in theTerritories, under-
takes to punish the crime of murder, or arson, or
theft, orrobbery, or any other wrong against the
life, liberty, or property of the citizen, does it neces-
sarily follow that such State or Government, in
thus assuming to pass laws for the protection of
life, liberty, or property,asserts the power to pass
laws for tho destruction of life, liberty, or prop-
erty ? If this be true, where are the guarantees of
safety thrown around the American citizen by the
Constitution? No,sir; the gentleman's position
is an absurdity. He has climbed high upon the
popular watch-tower to sound this note of tri-
umph—this concession of power, this surrender
of the citadel of southern nglitsand southern guar-
antees—in the hearing of the northern enemies of
these rights and these guarantees; and now, sir,
he has no means to climb down. There was
a faint glimmering light pervading the principles
of this bill, as tho gentleman thought—perhaps
hoped and believed—that, justified him m sound-
ing this note of triumph. But, sir, it has turned
outtolje a delusion—a mere decoy upon the quick-
sands of error. The gentleman has followed its
lead, and I am content, that he shall receive the
rewards of his perilous adventure and discovery.
Sir, I hold that this Government luis power
wherever the tegis of the Constitution extends,
in all the Territories of the United States, and
even beyond these wherever the sovereignty of
this nation extends, to protect every right of the
citizens against wrong. I care not whether that
wrong be against life, liberty, or property. These
are the birth rights of the American citizen. They
were not created by the Constitution, but the
Constitution was created to protect them. The
Government has as much power to destroy one
as tho other. It has as much power to destroy
life as it has to destroy property. Itlias no power
to destroy cither. Its only power is to protect
both. Theguaranteesofthe Constitution require
it to do this. It cannot perform the functions for
which it was created without doing it. This prin-
ciple pervades the Government. It is the very
essence of its being, it is the foundation princi-
ple of our equality. It is the mighty refuge behind
which stand entrenched tho highest rights of the
American citizen—the rights of life, liberty, and
properly. I care not, sir, whether this right be as-
sailed upon land or sea, wherever the flag of the
Union floats the right of protection follows. The
flag is the sign of our covenant; the emblem of our
sovereignty, our nationality, our power, our jus-
tice.
This bill has no reference to domestic institu-
tions, except to protect them. Itstrikes atacrime
against them; and never, until a crime against a
personal right or a domestic relation can be trans-
formed into that right or relation itself by some
legerdemain power of logic—which the gentleman
from Tennessee seems to possess in an eminent
degree—can the principles of this bill be made to
embrace domestic relations. The gentleman, in
his zeal to commit others to the rccognity of.
powers in the Federal Government which he be-
lieves to exist, and which they deny, has con-
founded, as I before stated, the most sacred of all
relations with the most infamous of all crimes
that can be committed against it. Yes, sir, a
crime that poisons the domestic hearthstone;
blights the moral purity of life; cheapens and de-
grades female virtue and purity; soils the sanctu-
ary of religion; compromises the dignity of man-
hood; pollutes the very elements around and
about us—the air wc breathe and the very earth
beneath our feet—with the corrupt seepings of a
leprous curse; a cj-ime, sir, that has been de-
nounced for near two thousand years by all law,
human and divine, in every Christian land and
country. And are we to be told, and that, too, by
a southern Representative, that the institution of
domestic slavery that mixes with the civilization,
the very existence of the pfiople of the southern
States; an institution in which they have invested
$2,000,000,000 worth of property, andupon which
hinges tho safety of their firesides, their wives,
their children, their all worth living for or worth
dying for, stands upon no higher basis, no higher
guarantee, than this crime of all ages, all times,
and all countries where the light of Christianity
has dawned.
Crime, sir, is the opposite of virtue. It is a
wrong within itself, made so by the laws of God
and man, founded in the highest necessities of
society. It tracks along the highway s of life; pol-
lutes its most sacred relations; soils the snowy
robe of innocence and virtue; breeds discord;
stains the earth with blood, and is the sum of all
villainies. And when the American Congress un-
dertakes to punish and suppress one of the darkest
crimes in its long and infamous annals, am I, as a
Representative ofasouthern constituency, to stand
by with closed lips, and hear the charge made in
the presence of the nation and the civilized world
that slavery has no higher guarantee in the Con-
stitution of the United States than the crime we
propose to punish in this bill'—that the same exer-
cise of power that would enable us to strike down
polygamy in the Territories, would also strike
down the institution of slavery there ? Is the right
of polygamy affirmed in the Constitution? Is it a
personal right? Is it a right of property ? Was
it established by the laws of God? Has it been
shielded and protected by the laws of every civil-
ized State, in every age, and amongst every people ?
Is it sustained by the law of humanity, and has it
been sustained and upheld by the precepts of re-
ligion ' Where, then, is the guarantee for its exist-
ence? What law, what age, what virtue will plead
in its defense? No, sir; it stands without the range
of all this. It is the enemy of all, and a crime
against all.
Does"the institution of domestic slavery stand
upon this basis? Has it been punished as a
crime in every age ? Is it denounced by the laws
of God and man? Is it the enemy of every vir-
tue and tho foe of every right? No, sir; it stands
justified, authorized, and vindicated by all of
these. Slavery in America is the proudest triumph
of humanity and philanthropy ill the world's
history. It stands guarantied by the Constitu-
tion, and has been the lever by which five- million
human beings have been elevated from the de-
graded and benighted condition of savage life,
ignorant of their responsibilities to God and their
obligations to man and society, to a knowledge
of their responsibilities to God and their relations
to society. When the African first landed upon
the American continent, nnd passed from the free
indolent life of a savage to the condition of a
laborious slave, he found for the first time in his
history his natural element of development. He
came here illy-shaped and half made up in phys-
ical form. Savage degradation and mental weak-
ness enveloped iiugnorance his intellectual, moral,
and social nature. Moie helpless and dependent
than the beasts of the field, he groped his dismal
way without even the lights of instinct. But
behold him now. He stands to-day regenerated
from savage life. He can look through nature up
to nature's God; can comprehend the laws of his
being; understands his relations to society; has
manly and erect mien, and is no longer a drone
in the great hive of humanity. You may track
him along his whole history for a period of more
than five thousand years, and never before did ho
occupy such a position in the scale of moral, so-
cial, and intellectual being. How do you explain
this ? What is the philosophy of his regenera-
tion ?
Sir, he owes it to the dispensation of events that
bore him from the land of his nativity, where he
reveled in sloth, and where every germ of his so-
cial, moral, and intellectual nature was smothered
and paralyzed by the superstition and inertness of
his nature, to this land, where his feeble powers
have been cultivated and developed into strength
and endurance by the means of toil, association,
and control. When,before, was there ever such
a triumph, such a success, crowning the efforts of
humanity and philanthropy? And, sir, who has
accomplished this ? Has it been done by the fa-
natical theories and frenzied abstractions of the
sentimental philanthropist of the North ? No, sir;
it has been done by the wiser and more practical
philanthropist of the South. It has been the phil-
osophical result of the institution of slavery. For
more than a thousand years the world has been
filled with missionaries laboring in the cause of
humanity. They have crossed the trackless deep,
have braved every clime, penetrated every wilder-
ness wherever the foot-prints of poor, fallen man
have marked the sands of earth. In this cause
millions upon millions have been expended, and
thousands upon thousands of the noblest hearts
that ever throbbed in human breast have fallen
in distant lands, self-exiles from kindred, country
and friends, in the service of a God-sanctified and
ennobling philanthropy. Yet, sir, what has been
the result? Egyptian darkness still hangs like a
pall of death over that land, where the descend-
ants of him who, driven from a father's presence,
bearing the penalties of a father's curse, have
wandered homeless savages for thousands of
years.
Though the bones of missionaries whiten the
sunny plains of Africa, there is not an enduring
monument of all their treasures, their labors,
their sacrifices, left. There is but one beam of
light, one ray of civilization, shining like a star
amid the night, in that devoted land; and that has
sprung from the institution of American slavery.
Is this no achievement in the cause of humanity,
no work worthy of a Christian age in the cause
of human redemption.? Sir, had you power to-
morrow to convert into dollars and cents all tho
property, personal and real—yea, all the wealth
of this continent—and were it gathered into one
mighty treasury, to bo used and expended in the
regeneration and disenthrallment of the African
race in his own native land of the sun, you might
exhaust the last dollar without elevating five mil-
lions of that race to the same degree of moral,
social, physical, and intellectual being, as that
now attained by the five million slaves in this
country.
Practical truths confute all sentimental theories;
and tho triumph of these truths have been phil-
osophically tested by their application to that un-
!i fortunate race under our system of instruction
; and reform. The negro, sir, in his native state,
and eren in his developed state, differs from the
white race. He has powers of physical endur-
ance, but no powers of self-reliance, or gieat in-
tellectual development. In his long and monot-
onous pilgrimage upon the earth, he has left no
records of his powers of self-government or self-
protection. He has never contributed anything
to science or art; he has established no monuments
of civilization. His achievements in all the mu-
tations of the past, in the progress and elevation
i of mankind, fill a blank page in the history of
| the world. He is dependent and helpless, with-
out inventive faculties. He requires direction,
control, subordination; and the native element of
his civilization and advancement is in a state of
vassalage. Upon this continent, in the providence
of God, ho has found that state best adapted to
his nature, his faculties, his wants, his develop-
ment; his master is his best friend; and he who
would disturb the domestic ties that bind him to
