2586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
colleague. The people of Maryland never will,
under any circumstances, unless indeed they be-
come incapable of self-government, according to
the best judgment I can form, be ready to identify
her fortunes with those of the Black Republican
party. That party placed, with the aid of my
colleague's vote, Mr. Pennington in the Speak-
er's chair. That was certainly carrying one of
the outposts. If all the outposts are swept, what
is to prevent them from taking the citaucl? and
when that is carried, no one can foreshadow the
consequences. The Republican party somewhat
modified its platform of principles at Chicago un-
der the force of public opinion. Under the force
of public opinion Sherman was withdrawn and
Seward overthrown; and they were compelled
to put themselves in a more conservative attitude.
But this is all for effect. If the sound and noble
men of every section of the country will stand up
against this party, they will be able to save the
citadel and to preserve the country, in my humble
judgment, for many long years to come, from the
ruthless hands of the Philistines.
Mr. MORRILL obtained the floor.
Mr. McKEAN. Permit me to sny that when
the House .was last in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, I obtained the
floor, subject to the right of the gentleman from
Maryland who has just spoken; but as my fnend
from Vermont desires to speak this evening, I
will yield to him, claiming the floor after him.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
question of order. I did not like to make the
question 011 my friend from Maryland, bccause
he attempted to make his speech few evenings
ago, when there were no members present, and I
therefore consented to his going 011 now. It is
manifest that there is no quorum here, and there-
fore I object to further proceedings.
Mr. MORRILL. I beg the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his objection. I ob-
tained the floor the other evening.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from North
Carolina cannot take the fioorfrom the gentleman
from Vermont to make his point of order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, t suppose
I can make a point of order, no matter who has
the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman can make
his point of order at the end of sixty minutes;
but not till then, i apprehend.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must overrule
the point of order,
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair. It is mani-
fest that there is 110 quorum present-, and I am
sick and tired of this converting the House into
a debating society.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call for a
division.
Mr. MORRILL. Allow me to say a single
word to the gentleman fiom North Carolina. It
is not often that 1 make a speech, other than on
some subject before the House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I assure my
friend from Vermont that I would not have made
the question on him, but that I think that all the
employes of the Housc«and those of us who re-
main should have some chance to get homo, as
those who got the House into this condition have
gene home.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I suggest that the
gentleman from Vermont have leave to print his
speech.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I shall ob-
ject to that. That is the worst practice that pre-
vails here.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not desire to ask that
privilege, but I trust my friend from North Car-
olina will be disposed to make an exception in
my favor, and to waive his objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that, there being no quorum present, nothing re-
mains but to call the roll, and report the fact to
the House.
Mr. NELSON. I submit to the gentleman
from North Carolina, that there seemed to be a
general understanding at the time the Hons® went
into committee that tnere should be no business
transacted, except to make speeches, and there
should not be a call of the roll. I did not hear
the gentleman from North Carolina make any ob-
jection to that, and I submit to him that, as a
m&ttcr of justice to those gentlemen who are ab-
sent, it would not be proper to have a call of the
House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I appre-
ciate the suggestion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee as much as anybody; but it will be recol-
lected that the last time the House went into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I gave fair warning that I should object to the
committee doing any business without a quorum;
and that I would especially object to persons
having speeches printed that never were delivered.
That has become a nuisance to the country which
©ught to be stopped, and I shall do all I can to
stop it. I think that if this objection ought to be
insisted on at any time, it certainly ought to be
insisted on after five o'clock, Saturday evening.
Members and officers of the House have been de-
tained hero all the day; and the very persons who
got the House to go into the CoiTimittee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in order to have
gentlemen let off their gas—I say it in no offensive
sense—have gone home. I therefore insist on the.
point I make, without any disrespect to my friend
from Vermont; for I know that, like myself, he
is a very modest man, and does not often occupy
the time of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
no debate is in order. The Chair will inquire of
the gentleman from Vermont, whether he yields
the floor to the gentleman from Maryland to move
that the committee rise.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I was going
to suggest that if the gentleman from North Car-
olina now insists upon this presentcourse of pro-
cedure, the effect will inevitably be to require that
there be a call of the House, although gentlemen
went away with the understanding that no busi-
ness was to be done.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. That is the
very thing 1 want.
Mr. McKEAN. I desire to say to gentlemen
upon the other side of the House, that the ques-
tion was asked upon that side, at the time we went
into committee, if any vote was to be taken or
anything done which would render it necessary
that members should be detained here, and the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
replied that no business was to be transacted, and
that he himself should leave the House; and he
did theieupon go away, accompanied by many
other gentlemen.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I know
that I was brought here the other night, under the
call of the House, at ten o'clock,after I had gone
to bed. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will withdraw his question of
order, and allow me to conclude what I have to
say.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I have great
regard for my friend from Vermont, but I never
make a point unless I intend to insist upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I yield for a motion
that the committee rise.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, submitted that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose;and Mr. Flor-
ence having taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. Bingham reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to o*der, had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the bill of the House
No. 564, making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1861, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. CRAIGE, of North
Carolina, (at five o'clock and twenty-three min-
utes, p. m.,) the House adjourned until Monday
next. '
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 4, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED,
The bill (H. R. No. 804) providingfor the pun-
ishment of marshals and deputy marshals of the
United States, or other ministerial officers for per-
mitting the escape of prisoners in their custody,
received from the House of Representatives on
♦Saturday last, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TOOMBS presented the memorial of J. and
R. Winship & Co. and others, manufacturers
and dealers in steel, in Atlanta, Georgia, against
the increase of duty on steel, as contemplated by
the tariff bill nowpendingbefore Congress; which
wasireferred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of English,
Atwater & White, and others, of New Haven,
Connecticut; the memorial of Cornett & Night-
ingale, and others, of Providence, Rhode Island;
the memorial of To wne& Harrington, and others,
of Worcester, Massachusetts; the memorial of
H. A. Lothrop & Company, of Sharon, Massa-
chusetts; the memorial of Webber & Jlaviiand,
of Waterville, Maine; the memorial of A. B.
Southwick, and others, of Ballard Vale, Massa-
chusetts; the memorial of Aaron Hobart, jr., of
East Bridgewater, Massachusetts; the memorial
of the Putnam Machine Company, ofFitchburg,
Massachusetts; the memorial of the Providence
Tool Company, of Providence, Rhode Island;
and a memorial of G. R. Carter, and others, of
Boston, Massachusetts, manufacturers and deal-
ers in steel, severally remonstrating against the
increase of duty on steel, as contemplated by the
tariff bill now pending before Congress; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of Charles Grampp; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of presidents of
insurance companies of New York, praying an
amendment of the laws relating to pilots and pi-
lotage; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WILSON presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of Henry Rice; whicn were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Anna
Rogers, widow of John Rogers, late a seaman in
the Navy, praying a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
citizens of Yarmouth, Maine, praying that the
bill now before Congress, to grant to a company
chartered by the State of Louisiana the consent
of Congress for the privilege of keeping open the
channel of Pass a I'Outre and to collect a toll
therefor, may not become a law; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER presented the petition of
Lemuel Spooncr, praying a pension for military
services in the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Charles Grampp, praying
that liiir pension may be made to commence from the date
ofhis di-.rhmgp, on tile files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 40) to have the accounts of the mem-
bers and Delegates of the Fourteenth Congress
revised and balance paid; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave Lo introduce a bill (S. No. 489) con-
cerning pilots and pilotage; which was read twice
by its titio, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TEN EYCK,from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred a peti-
tion of the representatives of Richard Taliaferro,
deceased, praying for the commutation of five
years' pay due the deceased for revolutionary
services, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
396) for the relief of Lieutenant Michael R.Clark,
reported it without amendment, and adversely.
