1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
1 m
ilr. CLARK,of Missouri. Certainly. Bythe
Constitution, a treaty is made the paramount law.
ITjase my objection on that. Whenever the con-
stitution of a new State prescribes her boundaries,
and she is admitted into the Union with them,
she is paramount within herlimits; and thus there
might grow up a conflict of jurisdiction which
might disrupt the Union. But, setting all that
aside, I ask all honest men here whether they are
willing to violate the plighted faith of the nation?
Are they wifling to make a treaty with a weak
power like the Indians, and then sit here and vio-
late it? The Indians were removed from their
homes, and the graves of their fathers in Georgia,
to a certain prescribed country, where they were
told, in the most solemn manner, that they were
to remain uninterruptedly in all future time; that
they should not be put within any State or Ter-
ritory, nor have the lines of any State or Terri-
tory put around them, without their consent. Are
gentlemen prepared to give a vote which says:
•'We will disregard our treaty with you; we will
press upon you; we will put you into a State or
into a Territory; and wo will assert our jurisdic-
tion over you without asking your permission?"
That is the question for Congress now.
But waiving all these technical objections, I
know that in some days, and in some countries, in
the history of the world, such things have been
done; but I hope that the American people are
not prepared now—although it may be very im-
portant in a political point of view—to violate the
faith of the nation by admitting a State which
cannot be admitted without committing a direct
violation on the lands and property of a weaker
people, guarantied to them by this Government?
1 apprehend that gentlemen will pause before they
take that step.
The chairman of the committee [Mr. Grow]
seems restless, and has, on more than one occa-
sion since I have had the floor, called attention
to the important fact that the Lecompton consti-
tution contained the same boundaries as are de-
fined in this bill; and he desires to know whether
I voted for the Lecompton bill. Now, I have an
answer to give to that question; and it is a very
candid one. I hope that 1 have earned here, at
least to some extent, a character for candor. I
did vote for that bill; and it did contain precisely
the same boundaries. But I did it without in-
vestigation. I dcclare, before high Heaven and
my country, this day, that I did not then know
that the provisions of these treaties were as I
found them. I did not know the obligations un-
der which this Government lay to the Indians. If
I had known then, I would have sat here till Ihad
drawn my last breath before I had committed
such a violation of national faith. I hope the
gentleman is now satisfied with my explanation.
Now, I want to ask the gentleman this question,
and I hope he will answer it. It is, whether the
fact that the Lecompton constitution defined the
same boundaries, makes it right to violate trea-
ties ?
Mr. GROW. I will answer the gentleman if
he will yield me the floor. I do not regard either
this bill or the Lecompton bill as violating any
rights of the Indians, for those rights are ex-
pressly reserved in both bills, and they were also
excepted in the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Neither
of the three bills violated any rights of the In-
dians. But the gentleman from Missouri made the
point that they were violated in this bill, and then
I retorted.by saying that if this bill violated them,
then the others must have done so too. I would
not vote to violate any rights of the Indians. They
are reserved in this bill. They were reserved in
the Lecompton bill; and they were reserved in the
Kansas-Nebraska bill.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. That is not answer-
ing my question. I asked the gentleman whether,
supposing that these other bills did violate the
rights of the Indians, that fact would justify him
in" voting to violate them further by this bill ?
Mt. GROW. Oh, no; I hope the gentleman
will not expect me to state that everything in the
Lecompton bill was right. But then I will answer
the gentleman very frankly, as I see he misap-
prehends my point. It was not because this thing
was in the bill which the gentleman voted for, that
therefore it was right or wrong. That was not
my point. But it was simply to show that this
bill and the LeconiDton bill and the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill all contained the same phraseology,
so far as the rights of the Indians are concerned;
and, if the gentleman's objection lie against my
bill, it lies against the whole legislation of the
country in regard to Kansas since 1854.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will ask the
gentleman another question. The treaty with the
Indians says that their lands shall not be included
within the limits of any State. Now, when you
do include them within the limits of the proposed
State, do you not violate the treaty?
Mr. GROW. That is the very point. We
do not: because there is an express provision in
the bill on that point. Can we not admit a State
into the Union, providing that certain territory
within its limits shall not be within its jurisdic-
tion? You may reserve the lands for any purpose,
and exclude the State jurisdiction. So you re-
serve the Indian lands, and exclude the State
jurisdiction. I call attention to the proviso on the
second page of the bill, expressly excluding ter-
ritory which treaties with Indian tribes declared
should not be included within the jurisdiction of
any State or Territory.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Why did not the
gentleman add to that provision of the bill, by
declaring that the lands guarantied to the Indians
should form no part of the State?
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman pardon me
a moment. Let us understand the provisions of
the bill. _ It expressly declares that " all such
Territory shall be excepted out of the boundaries,
and shall constitute no part of the State of Kan-
sas, till said tribes shall signify their assent to the
President of the United States to be included
within said State."
Mr. CLARK,ofMissouri. Now,Mr. Speaker,
the treaty has three separate proiisions, all of
which are, in mjr judgment, violated by this bill.
The first is, that they shall not be brought into
any State or Territory. I have assumed, and at-
tempted to prove, that they are brought within the
proposed State, and that the proviso would be
inoperative. The second is, that the treaty pro-
vides that no line of any State or Territory shall
be thrown around the Indians. Now, is it pre-
tended that the line of the proposed State docs not
include these Indian lands? It does go round them.
Then it is a violation of the express terms of the
covenant of the United States in its treaty.
The third provision of the treaty is, that the In-
dian lands shall not be pressed upon by the line
of any State or Territory now existing, or here-
after to be made. I say that all three of these
provisions are violated, and have been violated
all the time. They were violated under the Le-
compton constitution, and they are violated under
the Wyandotte constitution, and in the proposed
State. Now this matte* has been investigated,
and my purpose is to present it to Congress and
to the country, in order that the country may see
whether, when it is fairly presented, the treaty,
the law, and the obligations of the Government,
which no gentleman will controvert, areN to be
overridden and trampled down to the prejudice
and exclusion of the weaker party to the treaty.
Well, now, if the Territory of Kansas had pro-
ceeded according to law, if there was sufficient
population there to entitle them to a Representa-
tive upon this floor, under the present apportion-
ment, and they were suffering for want of admis-
sion , then there might be some reason for pressing
her admission. But, sir, here is a people, law-
less, disobedient, tumultuous, regardless of the
obligations or laws of the country, seeking to be
admitted into the Union; and when we ask them
if they have the requisite population and repre-
sentative power, we have to speculate as to that.
Myjudgmentis,tliat there is not sufficientpopula-
tioninKansas to entitle herto one Representative.
Why do I say so? If there is, why did they not take
a census? If there are one hundred thousand
people there, there has been time enough since the
Wyandotte constitution was made for them to
have manifested their strength by the taking of
a census, as the English bill required them to do.
But they have seen proper to disregard and to
violate the law of the land. Why have they not
taken a census, by provision of their Legislature,
or of the convention, since this constitution was
framed?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Missouri a question.
Mr. CLARK, ofMissouri. Very well, sir.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would inquire of
the gentleman whether he voted for the admission
of Oregon into the Union ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I shall not an-
swer the gentleman's question, as lie knows that
I did it. '
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I supposed so.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I regard the ques-
tion as impertinent. [Laughter.]
. Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would ask the
gentleman, then, what evidence he had that Ore-
gon had population sufficient to entitle heMo a
Representative in Congress when he gave that
vote ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will refer the
gentleman from Illinois to a very good speech
which I delivered at that time in favor of the ad-
mission of Oregon. [Laughter.] If he will read
that, in place of interrupting me, he will be much
more in the line of hisduty. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I merely wish to
say that the gentleman's suppositions in that
speech are not conclusive evidence.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Well, I did not
suppose they would be with you, but they are
with most intelligent men. You are an exception
to the rule. [Laughter.]
„ Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I supposed, when
I made the interrogatory, that the gentleman
would answer it frankly. The gentleman sees
the position which he occupies, and is trying, in
a playful way, to evade it.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I cannot allow the
gentleman to take up my time. I was proceeding
to show that Kansas presents no reason why the
Congress of the United States should" admit her
into the Union, in violation of the course pre-
scribed by the act of Congress. She lacks the
ncccssary population. -
I call for the evidence that she has sufficient
population. No census has been taken by the
authority of the Territorial Legislature or of the
convention which framed the constitution. We
know, and every lawyer knows, that when a party
is required to produce evidonce, and fails to pro-
duce the best evidence, the presumption is that he
lacks the strongest evidence—that lie possesses
none. The people of Kansas seek to present their
population here by fixing a proportion between
the voters and the number of souls in the Terri-
tory. Does not every gentleman know that that
is a fallacious test? In a Territory, the same pro-
portion does not exist between the voters and the
population that exists in the older States. In the
Territories a great proportion of the population
consists of adults, of enterprising young men and
newly-married men. Their families have to be
created in that new country, and to grow up with
its growth and strengthen with its strength. In
the old States one voter is equal to five or six
souis; while in the Territories one voter is only
equal to about two souls. Everybody knows
that. But what evidence have we on the subject
of population? They have taken a census; it is
an imperfect census, as the Delegate from Kan-
sas informs me, and, regarding him as a candid
gentleman, I give him the benefit of the protest
that it is an imperfect census. That census was
not taken, in accordance with the law of Congress,
before they made their constitution, to show that
they had the representative power; it was taken
for another purpose, in reference to their own in-
ternal affairs; it has no connection with the Uni-
ted States; but it shows that they had only a
pqpulation of sixty-five or seventy thousand last
year.
But I am told that it is an imperfect census; that
there were some counties from which no returns
were made, and those, perhaps, the most largely
populated counties in the Territory. We know
that it is a common thing for defeated candidates
for office to say, that if their friends had gone to
the polls they would have defeated their adversa-
ries; but we have no evidence how many pcoplo
there are in these counties from which there were
no returns.
Now, my objection to this bill—and my minor-
ity report is based upon that objection—is, that if
we intend to enforce the laws of the United States
at all, we should enforce them all. All laws en-
acted by Congress should beobeyed,and allgood
citizens in the States and Territories will obey
them until they are repealed. If they are wrong,
repeal them; but so long as they remain upon the
statute-book unrepealed, they are obligatory upon
