1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
258^T
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sally Moore, widow
of Elisha Moore,an officer in the war of 1812, who
died of disease contracted while in the discharge
%f his duty, praying a pension, reported adversely
thereon, and asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 214) for the relief
of Charles W. Brooks, of New York, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
207) granting a pension to John Madden, of
Campbell county,Tennessee, reported it without
amendment, and adversely.
He also, from the sar$e committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 600) for the relief of
the children and heirs of Alexander Montgomery,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 363) for the relief of the heirs of Cap-
tain John A. Hopper, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. HEMPHILL, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
committed the bill (S. No. 367) for the relief of
Frederick E. Sickles, reported it without amend-
ment; and submitted a report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred
the memorial of Eliza B. Mills, widow of Robert
Mills, an architect, praying compensation for Ins
professional services to the Government, reported
a bill (S. No. 490) for the relief of Eliza B.Mills,
wife of Robert Mills.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
407) granting an invald pension to Ezekiel Jones,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Ezra Clark, of Port-
land, Maine, praying that his pension may com-
mence from the date of his discharge, reported
adversely thereon.
VALENTINE WEHRIIEIM.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 228) for the relief of Valentine Wehr-
heim, with the amendmeut of the House of Rep-
resentatives thereto, to report it back to the
Senate, with a recommendation that the Senate
^concur in the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives. I move that it be now taken up and
acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa asks unanimous consent to consider the re-
port at this time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. What is it?
Mr. GRIMES. It is a mere question of con-
currence with the House of Representatives m an
amendment. . ^
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. On what bill?
Mr. GRIMES. A pension bill—the case of
Valentine Wehrheim.
The Secretary readtheamendnientof the House
of Representatives, to strike out the word u six-
teen," in line eleven, and insert "twenty-five;"
so that the bill will read:
That the Secretary of tiie Interior be, and he is hereby,
directed to place the name ot Valentine Wehrheim on the
rollot invalid pens^ouers, and pay him at the rate ol twenty-
five dollars per month from and after the 2Gth day of Jan-
uary, 1860.
• Mr. TOOMBS. I object to its consideration
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will lie
over.
Mr. TRUMBULL subsequently said: 1 desire
to ask a question of the Chair. A bill was re-
ported from the Committee on Pensions this morn-
ing recommending that the Senate concur in an
amendment made by the House to a Senate bill.
Does a single objection carry that over? Is it not
M order to ask that the vote be taken upon con-
curring in the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa asked unanimous consent. Unanimous con-
sent was not given.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Iowa, I
think, aslcvd that the Senate concur in the amend-
ment. The President of the Senate asked whether
the Senate would give unanimous consent to it, if
I recollect aright.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is under
the impression that reports from comrrfittees of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses are not, like ordinary reports, obliged to
lie over upon a single objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 'This is not from a com-
mittee of conference. It is from a standing com-
mittee of the Senate, to whom the bill was referred,
together with an amendment made by the House;
and they report the bill back and recommend that
the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, this not
being a report of a committee of conference, the
impression of the Chair is that, upon one objec-
tion, it must lie over the same as any other report
from a committee.
ARREST OP FATHER LANZA,
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to com-
municate to the Senate copies of any correspondence or
other papers on file in his Department, in relation to the
arre^on boaid of an American merchant vessel at Palermo,
of Father Lanza, an Italian patriot, by the intervention or
agency of Henry II. Barstow, the consul of the United States
at that place.
ARSENAL AT AUSTIN.
Mr. HEMPHILL submitted the followingres-
olution: which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia inquire into the expediency of retrocedmg to the
State of Texas the lots and buildings in the city of Austin,
m that State, known as the United States arsenal.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested :
A bill (No. 100) for the relief of Phineas G.
Pearsonf
A bill (No. 157) for the relief of O. F. D.Fair-
banks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company;
A bill (No. 337) for the relief of Elizabeth
Smith, of Coffee county, Tennessee;
A bill (No. 372) for the relief of John C. Mc~
Ferran, of the United States Army;
A bill (No. 555) for the-relief of the heirs of
John Hopper, deceased;
A bill (No. 556) for the relief of Francis La-
vonture and Pierre Grignon;
A bill (No. 558) for the relief of Thomas W.
Phelps; and
A bill (No. 576) for tke relief of Coale &
Barr
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the bill of the House (No. 520) directing the con-
veyance of a lot of ground for the use of public
schools of the city of Washington.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bill and resolution of
the Senate:
A hill (No. 22) for the relief of John Scott, Hill
W. House, and Samuel 0. House; and
A joint resolution (No. 27) authorizing the set-
tlement of the accounts of John R. Bartlett, late
commissioner of the United States to run and
mark the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 117) for
the relief of Estudillode Arguello, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Pres-
ident of the "United States had approved and
signed, on the 1st of June, the following actS4
An act (H. R. No. 5) making; appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861;
An act (H. R. No. 394) for the relief of Mary
J. Maddux;
An act (H. R. No. 367) for the relief of Brax-
ton Bragg and Randall L. Gibson; and
An act (H. R. No. 640) for the relief of Wen-
dell Trout.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (H. R.
No. 520) directing the conveyance of a lot of
ground for the use of the public schools of the
city of Washington; and it was signed by the
Vicc President.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask the Senate to take
up the Senate bill No. 377. This bill was undfcr
consideration last Saturday two weeks, and upon
which the Senate adjourned for want of a quorum.
It is a mailer involving the interests of a large
number of people in this country, and I would be.
very glad to have the sense of the Senate upon
it. The session is drawing to a close; and if any-
thing is to be done, it ought to be done at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland moves to take up the bill (S.No. 377)
to authorize the Baltimore and Ohio Radroaa
Company to extend the Washington branch of
their road to the Potomac river, and cross the
same by an extension of the present structure
known as the Long Bridge, for the purpose of
connecting with the Virginia railroads at that
point.
Mr. BROWN. Before the question is put on
the motion of the Senator from Maryland, 1 desire
to ask whether he intends to urge the bill in its
present form, or to move an amendment to it; be-
cause if the object be to urge the passage of the
bill in its present form, I must oppose its being
taken up, and give the reasons why I oppose it.
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not desire to urge the
passage of the bill in its present shape. I am
prepared to receive amendments. Indeed, I am
told that amendments will be offered to the bill, to
which I do not object. I want the consideration
of the bill in order to test the sense of the Senate
whether they are willing to grant this right of
way or not. If it is to be done, it ought to bo
done at once. My people have but a very small
pecuniary interest in it. The parties interested
are both north and south of my own State, and
they feel very much more interested than I do.
I may perhaps offer a substitute for the bill, if it
is not adopted in its present shape. I should like
to test the sense of the Senate in regard to it. It
is a matter of very great public convenience, inter-
esting to a large portion of this country.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 should like very much if we
could have it considered and passed in some form
unobjectionable. It is a connection between the
great northern and southern railroads which, I
think, we all have an interestin seeing perfected,
and having some more immediate and unbroken
line than that which now exists."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that bill will not be
taken up now. It will undoubtedly cause agood
d< al of debate, and it must be very much amended
before wc can act upon it with any propriety. I
design, if I can get time, to look into it. Upon a
cursory reading of it, it struck me that there were
very scnous objections to it in its present shape.
I have not yet been able to review it so as pre-
cisely to see what is necessary to be done; nor
could we do it in the hurry of the morning busi-
ness of the Senate. It is a bill which, if passed
at all, will certainly require great deliberation and
care, as any railroad across this city from one
point to another must require. 1 think we can-
not take it up w-ith propriety in the morning
hour m this way, with other business pressing.
Mr. KENNEDY. I will say to the Senator
from Maine, that, if it occupies any great time m
discussion, I am prepared to let it lie over. I
think I am aware of one of the pbjections of the
Senator from Maine to the bill, which I am pre-
pared to remedy, and 1 think I can make the bill
suit his views. Upon the vote on the bill as re-
ported no.w, or as it may be amended, may depend
the offering of a substitute to it which I am in-
clined to think would create no debate.
Mr. WILSON. I will suggest to the Senator
from Maryland, who takes a great interest in this
bill, that it would be better not to'press it this
morning. I think he will do so at a disadvantage.
I suggest that it lie over for a day or two, in order
that some consultation may be had in regard to
the amendments of the bill. Let it lie over for one
or two days.
Mr. KENNEDY. I will accept the suggestion
of the Senator from Massachusetts, if we can fix
