I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Polygamy in Utah—Mr. Simftis.
Ho. of Reps.
the civilization o£a Christian household, as now
exists in the southern States, is his worst enemy.
But, sir, I have said more upon this subject
than I designed. My only purpose was to repel
the chargc that the institution of American sla-
very stands upon no higher basis of right, under
the Constitution of the United States, than poly-
gamy does; that the power which could pun-
ish the last could destroy the first. One is up-
held by the Constitution, has existed as a part of
the civilization of every State, and has been pro-
tected and guarantied by the laws of both conti-
nents; the other has been spurned by every
Christian Stale, denounced by the common law
as a crime—yea, by all law, human and divine—
for near two thousand years.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentleman says that
polygamy, or bigamy, was recognized and pun-
ished as a crime by the common law. I will read
him a half dozen lines from 41 Russell on Crimes."
That author says: ••
"The offense of having a plurality of wives at the same
time is more correctly denominated polygamy; but the
name bigamy having been more frequently given to it in
legal proceeding?, it may perhaps be a means of more ready
refeienceto trial of the offense under the latter title. Ori-
ginally this offense was considered as of ecclesiastical cog-
nizance only."
Mr. SIMMS. That is true; but it was, never-
theless, a crime against domestic rights and rela-
tions, under the ecclesiastical as well as common
law, and was punished by both. It was never a
domestic right under either; and that is the ques-
tion at issue between the gentleman and myself.
The gentleman cannot shelter his position by fall-
ing behind the quibble that the offense of polyg-
amy was an offense originally punished in the ec-
clesiastical rather than in the cjmmon law courts.
I-Ie will have to seek protection behind stronger
fortifications of authority and logic than that.
The gentleman, as I have stated, took the dis-
tinct ground that to vote for this bill was a clear
^concession of the power that Congress has the
right to legislate upon all subjects in the Territo-
ries, slavery included.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I know that the gentle-
from Kentucky doesnotpropose to misrepresent
what I said.
Mr. SIMMS. Certainly not.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gentlemen states my
position much stronger than I expressed it my-
self. I said this: that the principle of this bill,
if adopted, would be regarded as a concession,
winch might hereafter be extended so as to em-
brace other offenses. That the law might be so
enlarged in its application as to embrace other
persons, to wit: include black, as well as white
people. I said it was the concession of the prin-
ciple that Congress might, by unfriendly legis-
lation, attack, indirectly, the relation of slavery.
That is what I said; and it is the extent of what
I said.
Mr. SIMMS. I do not, then, misrepresent the
substance of the gentleman's position, as now ex-
plained by him. He now says that to vote for
this bill is to concede the principle that Congress
" might, by unfriendly legislation, attack the rela-
tions of slavery." He votes for the bill, and of
course, in doing so, concedes the principle that
Congress might, by unfriendly legislation, attack
the relations of slavery. I intend to vote for this
bill; but I deny that it concedes this principle, or
any other principle that would authorize Con-
gress, by any legislation—whether directly or indi-
rectly, unfriendly or otherwise—to attack the rela-
tion of slavery between master and slave in the
Territories, or anywhere else. If this bill concedes
that principle, as I have before stated, it is clearly
unconstitutional.
Here is the decision of the Supreme Court upon
that point:
11 But the 'powers of Congress over the person or property
of a citizen can never be a discretionary power under our
Constitution and form of government. The powers of the
Government, and the rights and privileges of the citizen,
are plainly defined by the Constitution itself. And when
the Territory becomes a part of the United States, the Fed-
eral Government enters into possession in the character
impiessed upon it by those who created it. It enters upon
it with it* powers over the citizen strictly defined and lim-
ited by the Constitution, from which it derives its own ex-
istence, and by virtue of which alone it continues to exist
and act as a Government and sovereignty.
^ "These powers and others in relation to the rights of
person, which it is not necessary here to enumerate, are in
express and positive terms denied to the General Govern-
ment; and the rights of private property have been guarded
with equal care. Thus the lights of property are united
with the rights of person, and placed on the same ground
by the fifth amendment to the Constitution, which provides
* that no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty, without due process of law.'
" The powers of the Government, and the rights of the
citizen under it, aie positive and practical regulations
plainly written down. The people of the United States
have delegated to it certain enumerated powers, and for-
bidden it to exercise others. It has no power over the per-
son or property of a citizen but what the citizens of the
United States have granted. And no law or usages of other
nations, or reasoning of statesmen or jurists upon the rela-
tions of master and slave, can enlarge the powers of the
Government, or take from the citizens the rights they have
lescivcd. And it the Constitution recognizes the right of
pioperty of the master in a slave, and makes no distinction
between that description of property and other property
owned by a citizen, no tubunai acting under the authority
of the United States, whether it be legislative, executive,
or judicial, has a right to draw such a distinction, or deny
to it the benefit of the provisions and guarantees which
have been provided for the piotcction ot private property
against the encroachments of the Government.
" Now, as we have before said, in the earlier part of this
opinion, upon a different point, the right of property in a
slave is distinctly affirmed in the Constitution. The right
to traffic in it, like an ordinary article of merchandise and
property, was guarantied to the citizen of the United States,
in every State that might desire it, for twenty years j*and
the Government, in express terms, is pledged to protect it,
in all future time, if the slave escape from his owner. This
is done in plain woids—too plain to bo misunderstood. And
no word can be found m the Constitution which gives Con-
gress a greater power over slave property, or which entitles
property of that kind to less protection, than property of any
other description. The only power conferred is the power
coupled with the duty of guarding and protecting the owner
in his rights." * * * * " And if Congress
itself cannot do this, if it is beyond the powers confcired on
the Federal Government, it will be admitted, we presume,
that it could not authorize a territorial government to ex-
eicise them."
It could confer no power on any local govern-
ment established by its authority, to violate the
provisions of the Constitution. No one will con-
tend, sir, that either Congress, or any local gov-
ernment established by it, can exercise by indi-
rection cfr unfriendly legislation any power not
granted in the Constitution. Before the Govern-
ment can act, the existence of the power by which
it acts must appear in the Constitution. In the
absence of all such power, and, too, as in this
case, where such power is expressly denied,
there can be no cavil upon this point. I deny
that this bill concedes the existence of any such
power on the part of the Federal Government, or
any principle that would authorize the Govern-
ment to exercise such power in any case relating
to the right of person or property, except to pro-
tect them. The gentfeman from Tennessee con-
cedes the existence of this power, and affirms the
right of the Federal Government to exercise it by
unfriendly legislation touching the relations of
master and slave. This is the issue between us.
But, sir, I do not think 1 misrepresented the
position of the gentleman when I stated that the
passage of this bill conceded, in his judgment, the
principle that Congress might legislate upon all
subjects in the Territories, slavery included. I
will read from his speech what he did say upon
this point:
" This question of the powerof Congress to regulate the
domestic institutions and relations ot the white people of
Utah, is one which neces^atily and unavoidably brings up
the whole question of the power of Congress to govern those
Teiritoiiesm everything which relates to their domestic
alT.uis, sUveiy included.'" * * * <kNow,
sir, what ase domestic institutions5 They consist simply
of husband and wife, parent and child, guardian and ward ,
master and servant, mastei andslave." * * * *
"And I n-3k, if Congress can take jurisdiction of the rela-
tions of husband and wife, mav it not also excrcise jurisdic-
tion m regard to any other domestic relation? Now, 'fore
warned is foreanncd.' Now I am favoring this measure,
I admit, with a perfect consciousness of all the legal conse-
quences fanly involved in the passage of the bill."
That, sir, is what the gentleman did say upon
this subject. But, sir,to allow the gentleman the
full benefit of his own explanations, he cannot
escape the conclusion that he occupies the posi-
tion assigned him, logically, because he says he is
''favoring this measure with a perfect conscious-
ness of all the legal consequences fairly involved
in its passage." That if Congress can take juris-
diction of the relation of husband and wife, may
it not also exercise jurisdiction in regard to an-
other domestic relation? Now, 'forewarned is
forearmed.' " We have the language of the gen-
tleman here, but we have not his peculiar and
significant expression when he uttered these last
words, " forewarned is forearmed."
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I do not desire, Mr,
Speaker, to interrupt the gentleman. I would
state that the extract, whicn the gentleman has
read, is, no doubt, entirely correct. The question
was put to me several times; and an examination
of the whole of my speech will show that friy
position was such as I stated a moment ago, with
all the qualifications I have named. They abound
throughout the speech, and if they do not appear
in the extract which the gentleman has read, they
will be found in the speech, in a variety of places.
Mr. SIMMS. I repeat, that I do not desire to
place the gentleman in a false position. My sole
object is that our relative positions may be under-
stood. And now, sir, to give the gentleman the
benefit of all reasonable doubt in the premises
upon this point—not a reasonable doubt upon the
point " that he does recognize the existence of such
•power in Congress to exercise this jurisdiction, for
this is logically clear—but upon the other point:
that he intentionally avoided expressing any clear
declaration to that effect in his speech; still the
gentleman stands unconditionally committed to
the doctrine " that Congress may, by unfriendly
legislation,attackthe relations of slavery." But,
sir, in order that no injustice may be done the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee, for whom
I entertain high respect, I now ask him if he be-
lieves Congress ^has power, under the Constitu-
tion, to apply the principles of the Wilmot pro-
viso to all the 'Territories of the United States ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The gdntlejnan puts a
question to me, which I suppose w$s*askoa me in
substance half a dozen times while I was address-
ing the IIousc; and1 the gentleman very well re-
members that I then confined my answer to a
statement which is about the same in substance
as the remarks I made a few moments ago. I
purposely avoided any direct response to that
question throughout my whole speech; and the
reason why I then gave no direct answer was,
that I desired to qualify my answer with such
explanations as would consume more time than
I then had to devote to it. I therefore withheld
any direct answer to that question, which was
frequently addressed to me by various members*
of the House while I was speaking.
Mr. SIMMS. The gentleman now declines
to answer that question. He still stands upon
his old platform. He prefers " to pretermit the
expression of any opinion upon the subject,"
whether Congress has power to cxclude slavery
from the Territories of the United States.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Yes, sir, that is the word.
Mr. SIMMS. The gentleman then stands com-
mitted upon the question of unfriendly power, and
"pretermitted"upon the question of airectpower.
And yet he says in his spcech, referring to the
passage of the Kansas bill:
ii I denounced it in this House, and elsewhere, as con-
taining these odious features of which f now speak,1 squat-
ter sovereignlyand for that I was assailed fn a spirit of
bitterness by the Democratic party."
Now, sir, what is the difference, practically,
between the doctrine of "squatter sovereignty,"
denounced by the gentleman,and "unfriendly le-
gislation by the General Government?" 'The doc-
trine of " squatter sovereignty" relates to the
exercise of this unfriendly power of legislation
by the people of specific Territories. The doc-
trine of this unfriendly power of legislation on the
part of the General Government embraces and
applies indiscriminately to all the Territories of
the United States. The advocates of popular sov-
ereignty stand committed to the first; the gentle-
man from Tennessee stands committed to the last.
One embraces all; the other may embrace a part.
The last is wholesale; the first can but be retail.
Unfriendly congressional legislation, at one fell
swoop, strikes slavery from all the Territories of
the United States. Unfriendly territorial legisla-
tion may exclude it from specific Territories. If
the South was compelled to accept either, which
would she embrace? Would she take her chances
for a part, under the retail system of unfriendly
territorial legislation ? or would she submit uncon-
ditionally to an exclusion from all, under the whole-
sale principle of unfriendly territorial legislation?
The gentleman denounces the " squatter sover-
eign principle." Does he do this because it is a
retail principle ? Does he prefer the wholesale
principle? Both principles are wrong. There is
