1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
Sir, I have not risen for the purpose of making
this explanation because I am disposed to cou-
domu or censuic or approve ..nc acts of this kind
that have been passed by other States. I have
no judgment to pronounce upon that subject. I
have no criticism lo make on thntspneies oflcgis-
. lation. It is no part of my business, as I under-
stand it, to sit here and arraign the action of sov-
ereign States of this Union in regard to their local
laws, whether they may be as objectionable as
arc the laws of Louisiana and South Carolina to
Senators like the Senator from Massachusetts, or
whether they are as objectionable as arc the kuvs
of Massachusetts and Connecticut to the Senator
from Georgia, and others who act and feel with
him. That is not my business. But I am not
disposed to let the State of my adoption, where I
have the happiness to reside and which I have the
honor here to represent, have either the glory
or the discredit—whichever way they may be re-
garded by Senators—of'passing any law on this
iioor which she did not pass. Whenever she shall
-eee fit to pass a law of this kind, or of any other
kind, I, as a citizen of that State, will expiess my
opinion in approbation or in disapprobation of it,
as my judgment at that time shall dictate.
jSor do f allude to this subject at this time, Mr.
President, for the purpose of relieving myself, my
State, or any of the people whom I represent,
from any of the epithets which were so abund-
antly poured out upon them by the Senator from
Georgia. If there are any people in my State
who will be disturbed by tliem, it will not be the
men with whom I act, but those who profess a
sympathy and affinity for the political party with
which the Senator from Geoigia associates. So
far as the Republicans are concerned, I can vouch
for them that they will never be won or intimi-
dated by adjectives, no matter how boisterously,
or how numerously, or how harshly they may
be applied.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, the Senator
from Iowa has read from my speech a sufiicient
answer to lus own remarks on this subject. I did
hold in my hand, when I spoke, the abstract"? of
the laws of nine States, and read them all, except
in the case of Ohio, where the laws were repealed,
but are proposed to be reinstated. The act pro-
posed in New Yo.rk, I read and commented on
very much at largo. The report was inartificial;
and I expressly stated in that connection that I
had not the laws of Iowa or Wisconsin before
me, for the reason, which does not appear in the
report, (which is very good, but not entirely full,)
that m the Library their laws were not to be found
for the last two or three years, but I understood
them to be of the same character and import with
those of the nine States which I presented to the
Senate. I refened to the action of nine States,
either by the titles of the acts or a statement of j
what had been done, including the six New Eng-
land States, and the States of Michigan, Ohio,
and Wisconsin; and I understand two other States
have done, the same thing. I am glad to hear
they have not. I hope the Senator may be right.
As to the rest of his remarks, what 1 have said
is said; it remains.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the debate, but I should like, if it is in ordi-r,
t« offer an amendment to these resolutions, and
ask that it be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitsspat-
rick in the chair.) It will not bo in order unlesfe
with the assent of the Senator from Tennessee,
who is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I have no objection.
Mr. WILKINSON. I present this amend-
ment: to strike out all after the word4' Resolved,"
where it first occurs, and insert:
That the Territories are the common property of the
people of the United Suites.; that Congress has lull power
and authority to pas< all laws neeessaiy and proper tor the
government of such Territories; and that, m the exercise
of such power, it is the duty of Congress bo to legislate in
relation to slavery therein, that the lnteicsts of free labor
may be encouraged and piotected m such 1 erntorics.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to insert in any bill that may be rcpojtcd for the oiganiza-
tiosi of new Territories, a clause, declaring that there shall
be neither slavery ot involuntary servitude in such Terri-
tories, except in punishment for crime, wheieof the paity
lias been convicted.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. President, I propose
to-day to examine the relations which subsist be-
tween the systems of labor that prevail in the two
sections of the country, for the purpose of ascer-
taining whether there is a.conflict between them
that is irreconcilable and irrepressible. I enter
upon this discussion with an honest conviction
that upon the decision of this question the destiny
of the Republic depends. The Legislature of
Tennessee has recently passed two resolutions
on that subject, which I will take this occasion to
read before I proceed with my remarks. After
making quotations from the speeches of several
prominent Republicans, they proceed to resolve,
as follows:
<i Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Ten-
nessee, That we recognize, m the recent outbreak at Har-
per's 1'Yrrv, the natural fruits of the treasonable ' irrepress-
ible-conflict' doctrine, put loith by the great head ot the
Black Republican party, and cehoed by his subordinates ;
and that ltbecosies the imperative duty of national men of
all parties throughout the Union, to announce to the world
their sense of its mturny, and to unite in crushing out its
authois as traitors to their country and as deadly enemies
to the public peace, the rightsof the States, and the preser-
vation ot our republican institutions.
" Resolved, That wciccoid it as the sense of the Tennes-
see Legislature, that the declaration of Mr. Seward, that
a lespectable portion ol the southern people, under the lead
of such men as Cassias M. Clay and Francis 1\ Blair, will
unite with the Black Republican paity to prevent tho
extension of slavery, and will eventually 4 lise up against
slavery' as a iibel upon the honor and loyalty of the south-
em people, and will but soive to make them more watchful
and exacting of their public servants in the national coun-
cils."
It will be observed that these resolutions are
expressed in language of much seventy. When
it is remembered that the State of Tennessee has
been for many years regarded as among the most
conservative of the southern members of the Con-
fcdeiacy, the use of language of this kind is pe-
culiarly significant of the present state of popular
feeling in the South. The people of that State
arc deeply imbued with that ardent devotion to
the Federal Union which illustrated the public
life of their distinguished citizen, Andrew Jack-
son. It is because they look upon " theirreprcss-
ible-conflict doctrine," as threatening the destruc-
tion of the Union, that they characterize it as trea-
sonable and infamous, and call upon conscivative
men of all parties "to unite in crushing out its
authors as traitors to their country and as deadly
enemies to the public peace, the rights of the
States, and the preservation of our republican in-
stitutions." This strong language expresses the
feelings of a people who fully comprehend and
appreciate the benefits of the federal Union as it
came from the hands of our fathers; and who are
earnestly impressed with the conviction that its
continued existence is endangered by the preva-
lence in the North of the sectional doctrine which
they denounce with so much energy.
Air. President, I propose to continue this dis-
cussion with the view of exposing the ground-
lessness of the assumption that there is an irrec-
oncilable antagonism between the North and the
South on the subject of labor; and with the fur-
ther view of pointing out the real nature of the
sectional conflict which has already produced
painful alienation between the people of the two
sections, and which threatens their final and per-
manent estrangement and separation.
Of the existence of a feeling of alienation in the
South, approaching closely to actual hostility, no
one can doubt who has given any attention to the
leccnt indications of popular sentiment through-
out that section of the Confederacy. The late oc-
currences, which have engaged so much of the
public mind, cannot be truthfully regarded as the
causes of this unfortunate alienation. They have
served to give strong development to a feeling
which has its origin m the conviction that there
exists in the North a prevailing sentiment of ha-
tred of slavery, that is resolved to be satisfied
with nothingshortof itsentireannihilation. With
this conviction, already widely pervading the
southern mind, it is easy to comprehend the influ-
ence which would bo readily exerted by the late
treasonable and murderous invasion of a southern
State, and especially by the evidences of popular
sympathy for the fate of its author which were
exhibited in many of the northern States.
Of the public men of our country, no one has
contributed so much to the'convicuon, which i
have reforred to as existing in the South, as the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward.] His
repeated declarations, made in the Senate and out
of it, during the last ten years, in which he has pro-
claimed an uncompromisingwarfareupon slavery,
in connection with his acknowledged abilities and
his constantly growing powerars theadmitted lead-
er of a great sectional organization, have made the
impression on the people of the South that their
constitutional rights are in imminent peril. It
is because of this prominence of that Senator in
originating and prosecuting the organized aggres-
sions upon the institutions of the South tliat the
Legislature of my State hold him responsible as
its chief author; and itis for the same reason that
I propose to controvert the doctrine which under-
lies the organization through whose permanent
ascendcncy the Senator hopes to accomplish his
grand object of revolutionizing the domestic and
social institutions of the South, by giving freedom
to all the slaves.
On the 3d of March, 1858, that Senator deliv-
ered a speech in this body, in which he defined
his position on the subject of free and slave laboi
with sufficient distinctness for my present pur-
i pose. He said:
" Free labor has at last apprehended its rights, its inter-
est4*, its power, and its destiny, and is organizing itself to
assume the Government ot the Republic. It will henceforth
meet you boldly and resolutely here; it will meet j'ou every-
where—m the Terutoues, and out of them—wherever you
may go to extend tlaveiy. It has driven you back in Cali-
fornia and in Kansas: it will invade you soon in Delaware,
Maryland, Yiiginia, Missouri, and Texas; it will meet you
in Anzona, m Ocntial Amcnca, and even in Cuba. The
invasion will be not merely harmless, but beneficent, if you
yield seasonably to its just and moderated demands. It
proved som New York, New Jcisey, Pennsylvania, and the
other blavo States, which have already yielded in uiat way
to its advances. You may, indeed, get a start under ornear
the tropica, and seera safe for a time; but it will be only a
short time. Even there you will found States only for free
labor to maintain and occupy. The interest of the white
races demands the ultimate emancipation of all men.
Whether that consummation shall be allowed to take effect
with needful and wipe precautions against sudden change
and disaster, or be hurried on by violence, is all that remains
for you to decide. For the failure of your system of slave
labor throughout the Republic, the responsibility will rest,
not on the agitations you condemn, or on the political par •
ties you airaign,or even altogether on yourselves, but it
will he due to the inherent error of the system itself, and to
the eirov which thiusts it forward to oppose and resist the
destiny not more of the African thau that of the white races.
The white man needs this continent to labor upon. His
head is n]eai, his arm is strong, and his necessities are fixed,
lie must and will have it. To secure it, he will oblige the
Government ot the United States to abandon intervention
in favoi of ilave iaboaand slave States, and go backwaid
forty years and resume the original policy of interverition
in favor of free lahor and free States."
The Senator from New York seems to have
delivered this speech under a military inspiration.
He personifies " free labor"as ail invader, and its
advance is represented as an invasion. Slave labor
is to be invaded in Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,
and everywhere else on the continent that it may
be found. The invasion is to be harmless, and
even beneficent, if the slaveholders submitseason-
ably. The invader is to accomplish " thr ultimate
emancipation cf all men;" and the only question
left to be decided is, whether this shall be con-
summated with needful and wise precautions
against sudden change and disaster, or be hur-
ried on* by violence. Whether any such rela-
tion as cause and effect exists between the figura-
tive invasion of Virginia by the Senator from New
York and its actual invasion by John Brown, I
shall not undertake to decide. The remarkable
coincidence between the figurative and the actual
invasion, however, has much of the appearance
of prophecy and its fulfillment. In his declaration
of war against slave labor, the Senator seems to
assume that his army of invasion will comprise
all who are free-labor men. In the southern States
there is a million of free laboring men, who will
indignantly repudiate his authority to enlist them
in any such conflict. In the northern States, there
is an army of more than a million und a quarter
of brave free-labor men, who will spurn the prop-
osition to march under the Senator's banner, in
whose name, then, and on whose authority, does
he speak when lie declares that " free labor" is
" organizing itself to assume the Government of
the Republic?" Not in the name of free labor in
the South;' not in that of the Constitution-loving
free labor of the North; but in that of the Repub-
lican organization; and, as to his authoiity to
speak m that name, I make no question. It is,
therefore, the Republican party, speaking; bythe
mouth of its great leader, which proclaims a war
of extermination against slave labor, which " de-
mands the ultimate emancipation of all men,"
and which presents the alternative of peaceful
submission or violent enforcement.
But, Mr. President, the question now forces
itself upon us, is there any such conflict between
the systems of free labor and slave labor, as
