624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30.
assumed by the Senator from Now York; and,
especially, is there such conflict as to justify the
strong language in which the demand for the anni-
hilation of slave labor is put forward ? The Senator
says, " the interest of the white races demands the
ultimate emancipation of all men." Again, lie
says," the white man needs this continent to labor
on." "His head is clear, his arm is strong, and
his necessities are fixed. He must and iciU have
it." To my mind, this sounds more like the
<s stand-and-dcliver " argument of the highway-
man, than the philosophic reasoning of a national
statesman.
The Senator assumes that there is an "inherent
error" in the slave-labor system which must of
necessity work out its final destruction. He has
not enlightened us by specifying in what the
" error" consists, nor by what process he arrives
at the conclusion that the permancnce of the sys-
tem is impossible. In the absence of such en-
lightenment, I proceed to controvert the assump-
tion that there is any principle of antagonism
between the two systems incompatible with their
permanent harmonious existence in our Govern-
ment.
Without touching at present the question of
morality as connected with slavery, I proceed to
discuss the relations of the two systems of labor
as questions of pure political economy. The
leading products of free labor are entirely differ-
ent from those of slave labor. If there can be no
competition between the products of the two sys-
tems, there can be no conflict or antagonism. The
ihicf product of slave labor is cotton, but the free
labor of the North produces no cotton. It pro-
duces largely of manufactures for consumption
and use in the southern States. How can there be
conflict between cotton, the chief product of slave
labor, and manufactures, the chief product of free
labor? The laws of nature have decreed that the
products of southern soil and southern climate
shall not come into competition with those of north-
ern capital and enterprise. It is impossible, then,
that the alleged conflict can exist. On the contrary,
the capital, skill, and enterprise of tho North, aid-
ed by the legislation of the Pbdcral Government,
have long .since discovered and proved that the
diversities in climate, soil, pursuits, and products
of tho two sections are capable of being made the
means of mutual benefit. The annual exchange
of the products of the labor of the two sections
amounts to many million dollars. The four
hundred thousand bales of cotton annually sent
to the North in exchange for her- products arc
the fruits of slave labor. How would the inter-
ests of the free laborers at the North be affected,
either for good or for evil, if all tho slaves were
emancipated and employed as free laborers in pro-
ducing the sumo amount of cotton ? As the fruit
of slave labor it furnishes employment for thou-
sands upon thousands of free laborers in the north-
ern States, besides furnishing the southern people
with the means of buying millions of dollars'
worth of products of northern free labor not con-
nected with the cotton manufactures. What moic
could it do if this amount of cotton was the prod-
uct of free white labor in the South? How pre-
posterous, not to use a harsher term, is it for
capitalists, who are enriched by exchanging the
products of their free labor for those of slave
labor, to join in the absurd crusade against the
system oi slave labor. How unreasonable in the
free laborers themselves of the North, who obtain
the means of subsistence from the fruits of slave
labor, to be imposed upon by the assumption that
there is an irreconcilable conflh t between the
northern and southern systems of labor! Expe-
rience has proved that the two systems are not
only harmonious, but that they mutually benefit
and sustain each other.
I cannot refrain from adducing an authority,
bearing on this subject, which no one who has any
self-respect will fail to regard. George Washing-
ton, atier speaking of other considerations which
ought to excite the love of the people for the Fed-
eral Union, says, in his farewell address:
k> Kiit these considerations however powerful!} th'W ad-
dre^ to your sensibility, arc generally "out-
weighed by tho>e winch apply more immediately to your
interest. Here every portion of our country finds the most
commanding motives for caiofully guarding and preserving
the union of the whole
'•The North, in an unrestrained intercourse with the
South, piotectud by the equal law-- of a common Govern-
ment, find.--, in the piorluctions ot the latter, cp-eat additional
resources of maritime and commeieia! enterprise, and pie-
eiouR materials of manufacturing industry. The South, in
the same intercourse, benefiting by the agency of the North,
sees its agricultuie grow, and its coiumeice expanded."
General Washington saw nothing in the divers-
ities of the peculiar interests and institutions of
the several sections, growing out of difference of
climate, productions, and pursuits, incompatible
with a harmonious union of the whole. On the
contrary, he saw in these diversities of interest, if
wisely directed, elements of national strength, and
bonds of union that would give permanence and
prosperity to the Confederation. It never occurred
to him to illustrate his patriotism by counseling
" free labor" to " organize itself to assume the gov-
ernment of the Republic;" to " invade "slave labor
in the Territories^ in Delaware, in Virginia, m Ma-
ryland, in Cuba, under the tropics, and to demand its
extermination on the whole continent—peaceably,
if slave labor would seasonably submit, but by
violence, if that should be necessary to cnforcc the
fiat. Such an illustration of patriotism was re-
served for the Republicanism of 1858.
It will bo remarked, Mr. President, that it is from
no special sentiment of humanity or sympathy for
the slave race that the organized invasion is recom-
mended. The Senator from New York embraces
the whole of the white races within the range of
his political philanthropy. It is for their'k interest''
<4 that he demands the ultimate emancipation of all
men." In the name of the free laboring white men
of the South, I protest against his pragmatical
kindness. These men have clear heads and strong-
arms, fully comprehending their true interests and
their rights, and possessing the manhood to main-
tain them under all circumstances. They consti-
tute an overwhelming majority in the southern
States. I adduce them as witnesses to testify
against the assumption that slave labor is that de-
grading and blighting system which must perish
from inherent error. This host of witnesses pos-
sess intelligence-, they have had abundant oppor-
tunities to judge of slavery in all its social, polit-
ical, moral, and practical bearings. They know
how it affects their interests; and their united tes-
timony is, that whenever that system is invaded,
they feel that their own interest is assailed, and
with all their strength and all their energies they
will repel the assault.
The relation which free labor bears to slave
labor in the South furnishes a complete refutation
of the idea that there is any antagonism between
them. There is none of that jealousy and envy
which spring up fiont the conflicts between cap-
ital and labor in other countries. Tho controlling
capital in the South is labor-capital—capital vested
in labor; the interest of the man whose capital is
vested m slave labor is identified with that of him
whose labor is free. The latter has the constant
guarantee that the controlling capital will exert its
power for the benefit of labor. Slave labor is di-
rected mainly to the production of the great south-
ern staple. Free labor js directed to other pro-
ductions useful or necessary to the slave-labor
capitalists. If the inteicstsof slave labor prosper,
the interests of free labor prosper also. In this
way harmony and cooperation are secured; and
in {his way both systems are contented with then-
condition, and both concur in resisting every at-
tempt to disturb their relations. The result is a
practical, conclusive refutation of the assumption
that there is an inherent principle of antagonism
between the two systems of labor.
It is no uncommon thing, Mr. President, for
partisan declaimers to draw disparaging compar-
isons between the North and the South, and to pro-
claim the wonderful progress and prosperity of
the former as the legitimate results of the superior-
ity of free over slave labor. No one doubts that
free labor is the true system for the northern States;
no one denies the wonderful success of the ap-
plication of that system, directed by the energy,
skill, enterprise, and capital of northern men. The
results are causes of pride and boast, in which
every true patriot, North and South, most cheer-
fully sympathizes. But, whilst we concedcthatfrec
labor is the true system for the North, we insist
that the slave-labor system is the true one for the '
South. Why may we not be allowed to entertain
this opinion in peace? It is said that the slave-
labor sysem has proved a failure at the South, be-
cause our progress in all the elements of wealth
and prosperity has not been as rapid and marked
as in the North. There is an immense amount of
popular error as to the real condition of the south-
ern States. This is the result of long-continued
and persistent misrepresentations of facts. South-
ern men are not only satisfied with their condition,
but are proud of the steady advances they are
makingin all that makes apeople.happy and great.
They do not envy the more rapid progress—if
more rapid it be—which the North claims to have
made. They are conscious of having contributed
largely to the prosperity of the North, and they
therefore claim to share in all the glory that free
labor has achieved. The South has borne at least
a fair share of the Federal burdens in the shape of
taxes and bounties, on which the North has built
up much of her prosperity and wealth. The slave
labor of the South has furnished the "precious
materials for manufacturing industry,"on which
northern capital, enterprise, skill, and free labor
have produced such astounding results. In no
small degree, the North has been dependent on
southern slave labor for her great success. How
unreasonable, then, in fjee labor to turn upon slave
labor and demand its extermination!
ij I have said that there is a vast amount of error
\\ and misrepresentation pervading the northern
11 mind as to the relative condition of the two sec-
|; tions.
ii Without intending to institute any invidious
|! comparisons on this subject, I will now avail my-
!j self ofa comparative table, which I find in a pamph-
!j let by a gentleman of much learning and of high
j! standing in Virginia, Edmund Ruffin, prepared
ij from the census returns of 1850. This table may
i! be studied to advantage by all who labor under
Ij the delusion that the southern States have been
cursed by the institution of slavery:
Compai ison in regard to the free population of the six New
England States, with the five old and more southern States
—by census returns of 1850.
Total free population, 1850.,
Annual births. 
Annual deaths 
Number of churches erected
and in use 
Valuation of all the chuiches..
Chutch accommodations, for
hourew  
Excess of persona over seats in
churches   
Excess of ^cats over number of
prisons *•. 
Number of families 
Numbei ofdwellmgs  
Number of families without )
separate dwellings. $
Number of paupers (receiving
regular and continued public
suppoit) 
Numberot native paupeis, (ex-
cludirie; foieignors.) 
| Ratio of native pauper-* to total
] population...* 
} Ratio of all paupers to total pop-
; illation, (includingslaves-,),.
j Insane persons 
j Of ncgioes—tree in New Eng-
| land, and slaves in the live
! fcuuthern States:
j Insane and idiots 
! Blind 
Deat mutes 
New Eng-
land States.
Five old
Southern
States.
2,728,016
J 01,148
I or 1 to 44
f 42,368
J or 1 to G4
2,732,214
77,683
or 1 to 35
32.216
or 1 to 85
4,607
$19,302,634
8,081
$11,149,118
1,893,450
2,896,472
834,565
-
518,532
447,789
$ 70,743
I or I in 7
164,528
506.968
4961360
10,599
or 1 m 52
33,431
14,221
lS,96G
11,728
1 to 143
1 to 234
1 to 81
3,821
1 to 171
2,326
1 in 980
1 in 370
1 in 3,005
I in 3,080
1 in 2.645
1 in 6,552
Total value of property in the New England
State* ,-$1,003,466,181
Total value of property in the live houthern
State*  1,420,989,573
Average value for each white person in tho
Now England States  367
Aveiagc value ior each white person m the
live southern States  520
I have no comment to make on the facts con-
tained in this table, except to remark that they
show that the southern people have abundant
cause to be satisfied with the practical operations
! of their peculiar institution.
! I turn, now, Mr. President, to a conflict which
j docs exist in all countries, and from which our
j own can claim no exception, I allude to the con-
i flict between capital and labor. In every conflict
between these antagonistic interests, labor is uni-
formly worsted. In the southern States, free labor
has maintained itself successfully, from the fact
that its interest and that of the controlling capital
have been identified and harmonized. This is the
legitimate result of the slave-labor system in the
South. But how has this conflict worked in the
