1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. To strike out the second
and third sections of the bill.
Mr. GrRIMES. I understand that the effect of
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri will
be to leave these parties exactly where we found
them when the law of 1858 was passed.
Mr. POLK. That is what 1 suppose the effect
of the amendment to be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
K5ck in the chair.) The sections proposed to be
striekcn out by the amendment will be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jhid he it further enacted, That all persons claim-
ing the lands described in the aforesaid second section of
the said act of June -2,1858, shall, within two years after
the passage of this act, commence judicial proceedings
against the United States, as hereinafter provided, foi the
establishment and final determination of their claims', and
diligently prosecute the same with etl'ect, and in default
tlK'icof, the lands claimed by them shall be treated and con-
sidered as public lands belonging to the United States, to
the extent the claimants may"tad to establish their title m
said suit.
Sec. 3. Arid he it further enacted, That to enable said
claimants to comply with the foregoing section ol this act,
the act of 26th May, 1824. entitled :\-\n actto enable claim-
ants to land within the State of Missouu and Territory of
Arkansas to institute proceedings totry the validity of their
claims," as revived and extended to Louisiana and other
States by the act of 17th June, 1844, he, and the same is
hereby, extended so a* to include paid claimants within its
provisions, and to give the district court of the United States
of the district in which the disputed lands aic iituated ju-
risdiction over the same.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suggest to the Senator not to
strike out the whole thiid section, but simply to
amend that section by sinking out the words be-
tween " that" and " act/' so as to make it read:
" the act of the 26th May, 1824," &c., " be, and
the same is hereby, extended;" so that it will en-
able the parties who want to establish their rights
to do so.
Mr. POLK. I see rio objection to that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The act of 1824, and the
act of 1844 amendatory of it, are construed by the
Land Office to cover only incomplete titles, and ;
have no reference to complete titles; and proceed- i
ings canrot be had under those acts in cases of
Complete titles.
Mr. TOOMBS. The very object of the third
section of this bill is to extend those acts to com-
plete titles, so as to enable these parties to sue the
Government, and not to let the matter lie, and !:
claim hereafter that the Government has aban- |j
doned its title. The object is to extend the pro- ij
visions of the acts of 1824 and 1844, so that these !j
parties may sue, if they please. Certainly they !j
cannot object to that. So far as the objection to |j
the second section is concerned, I do not think it |!
is well founded, because it is exactly what the act 1!
proposed to be repealed did with all claimants, ■'
except those under the Houmas arrant. They re- . j
served nothing to anybody, exempt n mere n^ht !j
of action, and required eveiybody holding ad- |j
versely to sue them. That, it seems, was no hard- ■ j
ship; but His an enormous hardship that these i
people should have to sue the United States!— ]
precisely what was reserved to those who had j
adverse claims to the Houmas title by the act of ,j
1858. The third section of this bill extends the j
acts of 1824 and 1844 in &uch manner that the j
claimants under the Houmas grant can have a li
right of action, whenever they choose to assert it, ||
against the United States. 1 do not hear anyob- j|
jection to that from any quarter. ji
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not intend now to go \
into a discussion m reply to what the Senator j
from Georgia has just said, and in reply to a por- 1
tion of his speech, which struck me as very re- |
markable when the discussion last took place; but i
I think I shall satisfy the Senate, when I have
the floor, that the position is exactly the leverse ■:
of that stated by the Senator from Georgia; that ,,
the true position of the parties is this: every man j
claiming land within the limits of that grant, ex- •,
cept the Houmas claimants, has had his title con- i
firmed; every one has got his patent; they have !i
all been put by the Government in a position of
advantage over the present claimants; and the j|
complaint now is that the present claimants take j1
what is left, m whish these other parties have no :
interest whatever, and in which none others have > \
except squatters. I think I shall be able to show ji
that to the entire satisfaction of the Senate; and I j>
am having papers made up at the Land Office for j ;
the purpose of showing that everybody in that jj
whole district of country except these parties has ji
had his claim confirmed, and has got his Govern- H
ment patent; and the complaint now is that we
have got a patent for what remains after all other
rights have been confirmed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question?
Mr. BAYARD. What is the question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, as modified.
Mr. POLK. At the suggestion of the Senator
from Louisiana, I shall not consent to the modi-
fication.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I move to amend the
third section, which the Senator proposes to strijke
out, by simply striking out the words " to enable
said claimants to comply with the foregoing sec-
tion of this act," so as merely to extend the acts
of 1824 and 1844.
l*he amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri, to strike out the second and third sec-
tions of the bill.
jl Mr. TOOMBS. I call for a division. There
is no reason for striking out the third section, as
amended. I am willing to strike out the sccond,
but not the third section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume the question
can be divided, so that we shall vote on striking
out each section separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A division be-
ing called for, the first question is on striking out
the second section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection to
stnkmg that out, I understand.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now, is on the motion to strike outthc third sec-
tion , as amended.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President. I intended to
address the Senate on this subject. I have a sin-
gle authority here, which is the only one I can
now lay my hands on. If I had time to look into
this question, which came on me in the debate
unexpectedly, I should like to get some authori-
ties before I go on. I do not suppose I can con-
clude my remarks before the hour for calling up
the special order comes. I have no objection to
going on to-morrow.
Several Senators. You have an hour.
Mr. COLLAMER. There are but five minutes.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will pro-
ceed .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is fixed for twelve o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. As it only wants five minutes
of that time, i move to postpone this bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will not be post-
poned; but if it goes over, let it stand as the un-
finished business for to-morrow. I hope we in-
tend to act on this bill, and not be driven away
to the consideration of other questions.
Mr. BAYARD, if it is not the pleasure of the
Senate to postpone this matter, when it only
wants five minutes of the time for calling up the
special order, I shall decline speaking on the ques-
tion. If that courtesy cannot be allowed me, I
shall waive my right to the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope this matter will go
over as unfinishedbusiness until to-inorrowmorn-
ing, that the Senator from Delaware may then pro-
ceed with his argument.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What hour ;
does the Senator name ? ;
Mr. BENJAMIN. Half past eleven o'clock. ;
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will it then be firstin j
order, as the unfinished business of to-day. 1
bohe\e not, if we postpone it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It will go over as the un-
finished business until half past eleven o'clock. >
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will j
state to the Senate that business not finished in !
the morning hour has no preference the next
day as unfinished business. The only preference '
given to unfinished business, is to that business
on which the Senate is engaged when it adjourns.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The motion I make is that
this matter go over as unfinished business until
to-morrow at half past eleven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
motion ought to be to make this bill the special
order for to-morrow morning at half past eleven
o'clock.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very well, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall make no-objection to
that.
The motion was.agreed to." ;
ASSIGNEES OF LAND LOCATIONS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up House bill*
No. 284, for the relief of John W. Taylor,'and*
certain other assignees of preemption land ioca~
tions. I desire to say to the Senate that this bill
will occupy but a single moment, and I wish no
one to judge of it by the tide, It is not#private
bill. It is a bill in which the constituents of ev-
ery member on this floor are interested. It merely
confirms certain locations of land warrants which,
under a decision of one of the Commissioners of
the General Land Office, were held to be invalid.
It is reported on the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, and has received the ap-
proval of the Public Land Committees of both
Houses of Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It de-
clares valid all assignments of preemption bounty-
land warrant locations at any of the land offices
in the United States, made in good faith, since the
19tii of October, 1852, and prior to the 21st of
May, 1856, under instructions from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office of the former
date, and authorizes patents to be issued in the
name of the assignee.
Mr. YULEE. Allow me to inquire how that
bill will operate upon preemptions claimed within
the limits of railroad grants.
Mr. GRIMES. The whole matter is explainod
by the report of this committee and by the rec-
ommendation o^ the Secretary of the Interior,
which I send to the desk tod^e read,
The Secretary read, as follows:
The Committee on Public Lands, t  whom was referred
the petition oi John W. Taj lor, repoit:
Tliat tin; facts m Una ease aie iw set out in the petition,
a-. follows :
To the honorable, the Seriate and House of Representative9
in Congress assembled:
The petition of John W. Taylor, of the city of Dubuque
ami State of Iowa, respectfully repiesents: That on the\£2d
day of March, Congiess passed an act declaring all
bounty land wariants assignable, and all valid certificates
of location made with laud warrants# weie alsp made as-
signable. By the panic act, person-* having preemption
lights wi'ic authonzed to locate the same with land war-
rant-}. That the then Commissioner of the General Land
Office. Hon. John Wilson,consuucd said law as pennittmg
locations niarle by pictmptois a* well a«< others to be as-
sumed. That ho accordingly issued instruction's to that
effect to the registers and receivers throughout the United
SMtes, ui October, 1862. In accordance with paid instruc-
tions, quite a number of entnes were made by pieomptors
in the yeais ltff>:2and 1833, which were aiWrvvauls assigned
to other pauies. The entries so made and assigned were
<tiI duly patented to the assignee as they were reached in
theii Older in the Gencial Land Office, until 285$, when
the Secretary of the inteuor overruled the opinion of the
Commissioner, and decided that the law did not recognize
assignments by preernptors, and fiom that tune to the pics-
ent patents have been withheld.
Your petitionei icpre-cnts that he holds a certificate of
location assigned as afoiesaid, and that the Secretary of
the Inteuor declines to patent it to hun. Your petitioner
lmtlier says, that Hon. J. Thompson. JJecretaiy ot the
Inteuor, declares it as his opinion, that equity and good
faith require that pai tied situated a^> youi petitioner should
have their patens, and will recommend the passage ot a law
which will authonze him to lsMie the patents to your pe-
titioner, and others similarly circumstanced. He therefore
[tiays jour honoiable bodies to pa^s a law which will en-
able the Sccietaryof the lntenoi toconionn to the instiue-
tions originally given by the Commissioner of the General
Land Ofiicc. And. as in duty bound, will ever pray.
JOHN W. TAYLOR.
Dubuque, Iowa, February 8,1860.
The above petition is verified by letters ofHon. J. Thomp-
son, Set rciuiy of the lntenoi, and Hon. Joseph S. Wilson,
ConunisMoner of the General Land Office. Yourconunit-
tec recommend that the piayerof the p-nuioner be gi anted;
but inasmuch as there are tome other poisons Miuilaily
situated, they recommend the passage of the following bill,
which iias been prepared under the duection of the Com-
missioner oi the General Land Olfice.
Department of the Interior,
Washington. Fehmary 27, 1S50.
Sir: I have the honoi to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the v24?h instont, inclosing for examination the pe-
tition of John W. Taylor, of Iowa; and. in leply,to inclose
the icport of the Commissionet of the General Land Office
in the matter, of this date, accompanied by the draft of a
bill for the leliet ot certain assignees of pieemption land
claims.
The views of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office are concurred m by tin* Depaument.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient sen ant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. W. VAN'nuvER, Committee on Public Landst United
States House of Representatives.
