THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. IlIYES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st-Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1860.
New Series....;No. 40..
northern States ? Does the result there furnish
another exception to the general rule that capital
gets the better of labor whenever they come in
collision ? We know how feebly and unsuccess-
fully labor has contended with associated and in-
corporated capital in the Old World. We know
how soon the contest is given up, and all is sur-
rendered by labor except the means of the most
scanty and precarious subsistence. We know
something of the exactions and oppressions to
which capital subjects labor in other countries
when population reaches a certain degree of dens-
ity. We know something of the wretchedness
and suffering which free white laborers endure in
those countries. But what are the results in the
free-labor States of our own country? We know
that the unexampled prosperity of the northern
States is a theme for constant boasting; but we
know, t^o, that Great Britain boasts even more
loudly of her prosperity; and yet it is there that
labor has been notoriously reduced to the starva-
tion point. Still, the question recurs, what is the
result of the conflict between capital and labor in
the free-labor States ? It is no answer to'the ques-
tion to point us to the rapid increase in the wealth
of capitalists. That fact only excites the suspi-
cion that labor has had but little of the profits left
for its share. Can the fact bo denied that labor
has been compelled to bow to the exactions of
associated capital in the northern States, just as it
has in all other countries? Pretext after pretext
is resorted to for increasing these exactions, until
labor submits finally with quite as little resistance
as if it had ceased to be free. Occasionally we hear
of a spasmodic effort on the part of the oppressed
free white laborers to obtain redress from their
employers; but such impotent rebellion of labor
against capital soon yields to the necessities of
wives and children crying for bread. On such
occasions as these, we arc sometimes allowed to
hear a voice from free labor which speaks a dif-
ferent language from that used by the Senator from
New York. That Senator represents free labor
as eager for an invasion of slave labor, wherever
it can be found. Free labor, when speaking for
itself on some of these occasions, declares that its
wages are so low that they do not furnish the ne-
cessaries of living; that its wrongs are so enorm-
ous and its oppressions so tyrannical that negro
slavery itself woulcl be far preferable. Without
undertaking to decide how far capital has pro-
gressed in the free States in crushing free labor to
the point of abject submission, it will be safe to
assume, that the result of the conflict thus fardoes
not promise to be different from that which has
marked the triumph of capital in every other coun-
try. It is certain that fiee labor is involved in a
conflict at home with incorporated capital which
will demand all of its energies if it succeeds in
averting a destiny quite as hopeless and cheerless
as that which it is made to believe is reserved for
southern slave labor.
But, Mr. President, it cannot be that the voice
of free labor at the North is truly represented by
the Senator from New York. It is incredible
that laboring men, who depend on slave labor for
the means of subsistence, and whose labor is daily
appropriated to swell the profits of their oppress-
ors at home,are really contemplating so suicidal
an enterprise as that of destroying thq system on
whi"h they are obtaining their daily bread. It
is rather the device of the capitalist and the poli-
tician, who seek to silence the just complaints of
labor by exciting a prejudice against slave labor,
as the obstacle that stands in the way of relief.
The whole question as to an irreconcilable an-
tagonism between free and slave labor may be
stated in a few words: capital has exacted from
labor its earnings,"until labor is reduced to the
starving point; in this condition labor calls on
capital "for relief; capital replies thnt there is a
conflict between free and slave labor, which must
be terminated in the overthrow of slave labor
before relief can come: labor accepts* the excuse
as true, submits to its destiny, and runs off in the
crusade against slave labor, while the capitalist
goes on enriching himself upon the plunder ex-
40- .
acted from labor, and the politician obtains power
and place upon the votes of free labor.
In the remarks already made, I have taken an'
exclusively political view of the relations subsist-
ing between the systems of voluntary and invol-
untary labor. Viewed in this light, I have sought
to show that, so far from the existence of an
irreconcilable antagonism between them, they
are peculiarly adapted to the laws of nature, which
govern in their respective localities; that they
harmonize with each other in the legitimate pur-
suit of their respective interests; that'they mutu-
ally promote and sustain the prosperity of each
other; and that their combined exertions and in-
fluence give strength to the Federal Union, and
prosperity and glory to the whole nation. The
deduction is logical and unavoidable, that all who
attempt tc create dissension and collision between
the two systems are either misguided or reckless
enemies of the true interests of both systems of
labor.
But, Mr. President, however harmonious the
two systems may be when administered with a
single eye to the interests of both, we have to
deal with the fact that there is a conflict growing
out of the subject of slavery, which is full of dan-
ger to the integrity of the Federal Government.
This is not so much a conflict between the two
systems of labor as an antagonism of opinion as
to the nature and character of slavery, and espe-
cially as to its morality. Whether that antago-
nism of opinion is incompatible with the permanent
union of the two sections under our Government,
is the momentous problem that now challenges
the earnest consideration of the whole country
The conflict under examination consists in this:
on one side it is maintained that African slavery
is a moral wrong—on the other that it is a moral
right. The morality of the institution is the great
point at issue. But how can such an issue be
legitimately raised? The parties to the contest con-
stitute distinct, separate, and independent com-
munities, so far as all questions of morality are
involved. By what authority, then, does the one
assume to arraign the other on a matter of con-
science ? Virginia is a sovereignty on all questions
of morality. Massachusetts is a sovereignty on
all questions of morality. Why may not Virginia
and Massachusetts, in the enjoyment of their
undeniable rights of conscience, entertain different
opinions on th® innocence or the sinfulness of
slavery without getting into a political conflict?
May not Virginia well say to Massachusetts: my
conscience is at ease on the subject of slavery; after
thorough investigation of the question, and after
appealing to the lccognized standard of true
morals, 1 am satisfied that slavery is the proper
condition of the African within my limits; and
that in assigning him to that condition, I violate
no law of Christian morality. You have a right,
upon your investigation, to believe that freedom
is the true condition of the African within your
limits, and that to assign him to the condition of
slavery would be wicked and criminal according
to your code of morals; but, having eased your
consciencc by inhibiting the sin of slavery within
your own dominion, how do you justify your
interference with the exercise of my conscience
within my dominion, or why should your con-
science be afflicted because mine is not disturbed?
And this raises the question whether the interpo-
lation of the morality or immorality of slavery
into our national political contests can be justified
on any principle consonant with our relations as
a brotherhood of sovereignties, or our obligations
as members of a constitutional Confederation.
The genius of our institutions rccognizcs "re-
ligion and morality as indispensable supports of
the dispositions and habits which load to political
prosperity;" but these are expressly excluded
from the jurisdiction of the Federal Legislature.
The free exercise of religious faith is reserved to
the people of the States. As a moral or religious
question, therefore, slavery is in express terms
excluded from the Federal Government and con-
fined to the sovereignty of the States. Itis only
m those political aspects of the subject that are
expressly recognized by the Constitution tftat
Congress can take any jurisdiction of the subject.
A State possesses plenary powers to legislate
either for the abolition or the establishment "of"
slavery, and there is n.o limitation to the reasons
on which its legislation may be baseeL But when
Congress exercises its limited jurisdiction, it can-
not constitutionally be governed by other than
-purely political considerations. The Constitution
is made the supreme law of the land, and to se-
cure its observance as such, the sanction Of a
Christian oath is required of all public officers.
What, then, is the duty of a public man con-
scientiously opposed to slavery, whose official
obligation- requires him to act on the subject?
Must he follow his conscience or his obligation
to support the Constitution as the supreme law?
If he follows his conscience, he substitutes that
as a law higher than the Constitution. This is
precisely what every man does who unites him-
self to a political organization whose vitalizing
principle is a sentiment of religious opposition to
slavery, and whose ultimate object is its annihila-
tion wherever it exists,by means of congressional
legislation. He allows his religious faith to take
the place of the supreme law of the land in the
direction of his political conduct. He is guilty
of a double violation of the Constitution: first,
in making it his object to abolish slavery in States
where it legally exists; and second, in making his
religious conviction the test of his political action.
The conclusion follows unavoidably, that the
Constitution must be maintained as the supreme
rule of political action, or it must be repudiated,
set aside, or evaded, at the bidding of a religious
belief. In this consists the real conflict, ff the
Constitution prevails, there is no conflict. If re-
ligious belief prevails as the supreme law, there
is a conflict, and one that is irrepressible and fatal
to the Confederacy. The solution of the difficulty
is plain—to keep matters of religion distinct and
separate from matters political J in matters of re-
ligion, let the appeal be made to the Christian
standard as the supreme law; but in matters po-
litical, let the Constitution prevail as the supreme
law.
This is not only the solution of the conflict as
it is clearly laid down in the Constitution, but it
is the solution which is furnished by the example
of the wise patriots who founded our Government.
When they met together to make a " more perfect
Union," they were embarrassed in their action by
this same conflict about slavery.' The opposition
to it was as marked then as it is now. The ob-
stacle to the formation of the Union was the same
that now stands in the way of its preservation.
It was solved then by separating its political from
its moral aspects—assigning the one to the arbit-
rament of the Constitution as the supreme law,
and the other to the forum of conscience under
the reserved rights and powers of the States.
I am induced, Mr. President, by the great mv-
portance of this subject, to bring to the attention
of the Senate an abstract of the proceedings and
debates in the convention of 1789, on the propo-
sition to impose a duty on the importation of
slaves. On this question, the debates involved
the subject of slavery in all its aspects, as well as
the obstacles to its adjustment. I make the ab-
stract in the language of Mr. Madison, in his
Debates of the Federal convention of 1787:
" Slavery in the Federal Convention.
" On the clause as to the importation of slaves—
"Mr. l. Martin said: It was inconsistent with the
principles of the Revolution, and dishonorable to the Amer-
ican character, to have such a feature in the Constitution.
" Mr. Rctledge. Religion and humanity had nothing to
do with this question. Interest alone is the governing prin-
ciple with nations. The true question at present is, whether
the southern States shall or jsliall not be parties to the Union ?
If the northern States consult their interest, they will not
oppose the increase of slaves, which will increase the com-
modities of winch they will become the earners.
''Mr. Ellsworth. The morality or wisdom of slavery are
considerations belonging to the States themselves. What
enriches a part enriches the whole, and the States are tlie
best judges of their particular interest.
Mr. Siikuman. He disapproved of the slave trade ; yet,
as the States were now possessed of the right to import
slaves, as the public good did not require it to be taken
from them, and as it was expedient to have as few objec-
