I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that, as 1 under-
stand it, the debate may be as general upon this
bill in its present condition, as upon the Presi-
dent's message. It is within the power of" the
House, however, at any time to make the bill a
spccial order; after whisk, debate must be confined
strictly to the question under consideration. If
it bo the pleasure of the House, I propose in the
course of about a week to submit that motion to
the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
general debate is in order upon this bill, the House
now being in the Committee of the Whole on the
■ state of the Union, and no special order pending.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I was about to say, when in-
terrupted, that I am aware that the practical ques-
tion presented to this House and to the country,
is, whether slavery shall be extended beyond its
present limits; as that is the only question over
which they have exclusive jurisdiction. And if
slavery were contented to remain restricted, and
find its future where it now is, we might perhaps
forbear this discussion. But when it is proposed
to extend what is termed an institution—but which
is not an institution; which is simply a practice—
the question naturally arises, what is the nature,
what are the influences, and whatare the elements
of this practice? and what will they prove to be
if allowed expansion ?
I am aware it has been stated upon this floor
tliat the morale of slavery is settled; that its ethics
arc no longer to be discussed; that they were set-
tled ages ago by the Stagirite of Greece, and have
been reaffirmed and reestablished by the chanti-
cleer Solon of Ohio, in rhetoric gorgeous as sun-
set's glow. We arc told that where slavery will
pay, slavcholding will go. Precisely upon the
same principle wc might say that where robbery
will pay, roDbery will go; where piracy will pay,
piracy will go; and where adipose human flesh is
cheaper than that of beeves, cannibalism will go,
because it will pay. Sir, than robbery, than
piracy, than polygamy, slavcholding is worse—
more criminal, more injurious to man, and con-
sequently more offensive to God.
Slavcholding has been justly designated as the
sum of all villainy. Put every crime perpetrated
among men into a moral crucible, and dissolve
and combine them all, and the resultant amalgam
is slaveholding. It has the violence of robbery.
A Member. You are joking.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; I am speaking in
dead earnest, before God, God's own truth. It has
the violence of robbery, the blood and cruelty of
piracy; it has the offensive and brutal lusts of po-
lygamy, all combined and concentrated in itself,
with aggravations that neither one of these crimes
ever knew or dreamed of.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the justification of sla-
very is placed, so far as I know, mainly upon
these grounds: the inferiority of the enslaved race;
the fact that enslaving men imparts Christianity
and civilization to them; and thirdly, the guaran-
tees of the Constitution. These are the three
main, arguments presented to justify slavery, and
consequently to justify its expansion. And, by
the way, I hold that the extreme men, as they
are called, on this question, are the only men who
have the logic of it. I am right, or the fire-eaters
are right. If slavery is right in Virginia, it is
right in Kansas. If it is wrong in Kansas, it is
wrong everywhere.
Now, sir, in regard to the first point—the in-
feriority of the enslaved race. We may concede
it as a matter of fact that it is inferior; but does it
follow, therefore, that it is right to enslave a man
simply because he is inferior? This, to me, is a
most abhorrent doctrine. It would place the weal?
everywhere at the mercy of the strong; it would
place the poor at the mercy of the rich; it would
place those that are deficient in intellect at the
mercy of those that are gifted in mental endow-
ment.
The principle of enslaving human beings be-
cause they are inferior is this; If a man is a crip-
ple, trip him up; if he is old and weak, and bowed
with the Wright of years, strike him, for he cannot
strike back; if idiotic, take advantage of him; and
if a child, deceive him. This, sir, this is the doc-
trine of Democrats, and the doctrine of devils as
well, and there is no place in the universe outside
the five points of hell and the Democratic party
where the practice and prevalence of such doc-
trines would not be a disgrace. [Laughter.] If the
strong of the earth are to enslave the weak here,
it would justify angels in enslaving men, because
they are superior ; and archangels in turn would
be justified in subjugating those who are inferior
in intellect and position, and ultimately it would
transform Jehovah into an infinite Juggernaut
rolling the huge wheels of his omnipotence——
[Mr. Lovf.joy had advanced into the area,
and occupied the space fronting the Democratic
benches.]
Mr. PRYOR, (advancing from the Democratic
side of the House toward the area where Mr.
Lovejoy stood.) The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Lovejoy] shall not approach this side of the
Ilouse, shaking his fists and talking in the way he
has talked. It is bad enough to be compelled to sit
here and hear him utter his treasonable and in-
sulting language; but he shall not, sir, come upon
this side of the House, shaking his fist in our
Mr.'FARNSWORTH. It is not for the gen-
tleman to say what is treason and what is not.
Mr. POTTER. We listened to gentlemenupon
the other side for eight weeks, when they de-
nounced the members upon this side with violent
and offensive language. We listened to them
quietly,and heard them through. And now, sir,
this side shall be heard, let the consequences be
what they may.
Mr. PRYOR. The point I make is this 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will receive no
motion, and hear no gentleman, until members
resume their seats and ofder is restored in the
Hall.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I insist
that the gentleman from Illinois shall speak from
his seat.
Mr. PRYOR. That is the point I make. Let
the gentleman speak from his seat, and say all
under the rules he is entitled to say; but, sir, he
shall not come upon this side, shaking his fist in
our faces and talking in the style he has talked.
He shall not come here gesticulating in a menacing
and ruffianly manner.
Mr. POTTER. You are doing the same thing.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen will resume
their seats.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Illinois goes
on as he has, a guardian will have to be appointed
for him.
Mr. BARKSDALE, (addressing Mr. Love-
joy.) You shall not come upon this side of the
House.
Mr. ADRAIN. To avoid all further difficulty,
I suggest to the gentleman from Illinois to speak
from his seat. We all know him to be a man of
courage, and that he cannot be intimidated.
Mr. PRYOR. No one wants to intimidate him.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Nobody can intimidate me.
Mr. ADRAIN. I know that. I suggest to the
gentleman that he continue his speech from his
seat.
[Thirty or forty of the members from both sides
of the House gathered in the area about Mr. Love-
joy and Mr. Pryor, and there was increased con-
fusion.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
committee rise, as it is the only way we can get
rid of this disturbance.
Mr. POTTER. I do not believe that side of
the House can say where a member shall speak;
and they shall not say it.
Mr. SINGLETON. The gentleman from Illi-
nois shall not make that speech upon this side of.
the House.
Mr. BURNETT. There is a rule of this
House which requires each man to speak from
his seat. The gentleman from Illinois was not
in his seat when he was speaking. He cannot,
and he shall not, cross this Hall to this side in a
menacing manner. He shall not, let the conse-
quences be what they will. He must speak from
his seat.
Mr. GROW. I move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen must resume
their seats.
■ Mr. COX. Let the gentleman from Illinois
take his seat.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let others
be seated, and let my colleague proceed.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Illinois
can take care of himself without the assistance of
the other side.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I say to gentle-
men that my colleague shall speak; that he is in
order, and will not commit a breach of the rules
of the House; if he does, I will be the first to re-
buke him; but he shall have his rights according
to the rules of the House, and in nowise shall
they bo abridged or interfered with. He shall be
heard upon tliis floor and at this time.
Mr. BRIGGS. Then let him go upon his own
side.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair calls the com-
mittee to order; and if gentlemen do not come to
order, he will call the Speaker to the chair and
report the disorder to the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the committee
rise. It is impossible to quell the disturbance
without doing so.
The CHAIRMAN. The Speaker will take
the chair.
The Chairman, (Mr. Washburn, of Maine,)
vacated the chair and the Speaker resumed it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair calls the House j
to order. I desire gentlemen of the House to
take their seats.
Mr. FLORENCE. Every one, upon either
and all sides.
Mr. JOHNGOCHRANE. The.committee has
risen; has it not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair requests gentle-
men to respect the authority of the House and
take their seats.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Order that black-hearted
scoundrel and nigger-stealing thief to take his seat,
and this side of the House will do it.
Mr. McClUEEN. We will allow nobody to
come over from that side of the House and bully
us on this side. [Cries of "Sit down!" "Sit
down!" from all sidosofthe House.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires gentlemen
to take their seats.
Mr. BOCOCK. I, for one, will do so with
pleasure, promptly, when the Speaker requires it.
1 only ask that everybody shall do so. I think
this whole matter can be settled, if the gentleman
speaking and every other gentleman will take
his seat.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recognize
anybody, until s;entlemen take their seats.
Mr. BURNETT. Then, let everybody take
his seat, and let order be enforced.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will take their
seats, without distinction.
Members gradually withdrew from the open
area in front of the Speaker's chair, and resumed
their scats. Order being at length restored,
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine, (Chairman of the
committee,) said: In the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union disorder arose, which
prevented the transaction of business, and the
Chair was compelled to call the Speaker to the
enair, and to report the facts to the House.
Mr. ELY. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The Chairman
of the committee states that if order is likely to
be preserved, so that proceedings can go on, the
Chairman of the committee will resume the chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. We are now in very good
order, and I think wc had better proceed and give
the gentleman from Illinois an opportunity to
finish his speech. I move that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and I hope every gentleman will
keep his scat.
The SPEAKER. Order having been restored,
the Speaker will leave the chair, and the Chair-
man of the committee will take it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, resumed the
chair; and announced that the gentleman from Il-
linois was entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
violate no rule of the House.
Mr. BOYCE. Then behave yourself.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to learn whether it is
a violation of the rules to occupy this space in
front of the Speaker's chair, or any portion of it ?
If so, I will cheerfully yield; if not, I claim the
right to choose my own position.
