204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. 03? Reps.
4
. The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the rules require that every gentleman shall
speak from his seat.
Mr. CURTIS. Or from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman has the right
to do that.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Let him speak from
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. ASHLEY. It has been the habit of gen-
tlemen to come into the aisle and choose their
own position.
Mr. ADRAIN. It is a very bad habit, and we
had better change it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware that
such has been the custom; but if the rule is in-
sisted on, it is the duty of the Chair to enforce it.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope it will be insisted on.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Il-
linois will speak from his seat.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no seat.
Mr. ASHLEY. Nor any other member.
Mr. LOVEJOY (taking his place in the Clerk's
desk) resumed. Mr. Chairman, I was about
stating, when interrupted, that the principle upon
which slaveholding was sought to be justified in
this country would, if carried out in the affairs
of the universe, transform Jehovah, the Su-
preme, into an infinite Juggernaut, rolling the huge
wheels of his omnipotence, axle-deep, amid the
crushed, and mangled, and bleeding bodies of hu-
man beings, [laughter on the Democratic side,] on
the ground that he was infinitely superior, and
that they were an inferior race.
Mr. GARTRELL, (in his seat.) The man is
crazy.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The second ground upon
which it is attempted to justify slavery, or slave-
holding, is, that it is a mode of imparting Chris-
tianity and civilization to the slaves. Mr. Chair-
man, I would like to know how slaveholding
communities can impart that of which they are
not in the possession? The truth is, that the
practice of slaveholding has a powerful tendency
to drag communities back to barbarism. It is act-
ually having that effect upon the slave States of
this Union; and were it not for the Christian
women that have gone from free States and inter-
married in the slave States; and were it not for
those noble women of the slave States, that, pre-
serve womanly purity and Christianity, in spite of
the unhappy influences of slaveholding, the slave
States to-day would be as far back in barbarism
as the Slate of Mexico.
It is simply from that infiltration 
Mr. SINGLETON. I wish to know if the
gentleman intends to cast any insinuation or slur
on the women'of the South. I want to know
that distinctly and emphatically; because if ho
does, I willhold him personally aecountableforit.
Several Members. Oh,n<1. He gives all praise
to the women of the South. He compliments
them.
Mr. SINGLETON. I repeat, that if he in-
tended to asperse southern women, or to compli-
ment the women of the North at their expense, I
will hold him accountable for it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is not in order. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will proceed.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is'simply by this contact
with free communities; it is, as I said, from the
fact that Christian women went from free States
and that the Christian women of slave States—
who have not the poor privilege that Sarah of old
had of sending the Hagars and Ishmaels to the
wilderness—maintained their purity and Christian
character, and their testimony against the sys-
tem, that they were prevented from that retroces-
sion toward barbarism.
Several Members. That is what he said be-
fore.
Mr.LOVEJOY. Sir,if you step into the Smith-
sonian Institute, or into the Patent Office, you will
find implements of husbandry imported from Ja-
pan and China, showing just about the same devel-
opment in civilization as the implements that you
find on the plantations. Now, sir, the truth is,
that the practice of slaveholding drags slavehold-
ing communities further below the plane of the
Christian civilization of the age, than the civiliza-
tion which the slave receives elevates him above
the plane of heathenism by being held in these
Christian communities. Sir, how do they impart
civilization and Christianity ? It is srstrange mode
of christianizing a race to turn them over into
brutism without any legal marriage. Among the
four million slaves in thi3 country, there is not a
single husband or wife. There is not legally a
single father or child. There is not a single home
or hearthstone among these four million. And
you propose to civilize and christianize a people
without giving them homes, without allowing
them the conjugal and parental relations, and with-
out having those relations sanctioned and protected
by law.
Mr. Chairman, no community can make one
step of progress in civilizing a race till you give
them homes; till you protect the sanctity of the
home, as wo held itshould be protected in regard
to these Mormons on the plains of Utah. Chris-
tianizing them, sir! Christianizing them by a new
process. The slave States have a right, to an ex-
clusive patent for it. Taking them out in the sight
of the church, as one was taken out not long ago
in the State of Tennessee, by a Presbyterian elder,
and laid down on his face on the ground, his hands
and feet extended to their utmost tension, and tied
to pickets, and the Gospel whipped into him with
the broad side of a hand-saw, discolored whelks of
sanctification being raised between the teeth every
time this Gospel agency fell upon the naked and
quivering flesh ofthe tortured convert. [Laughter.]
ADemocraticMEMBER. Did he get the Gospel
in ? [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Christianized, as a young
girl was Christianized in this city since the session
of Congress, by being whipped and sent to the
garret, and found dead in the morning, with blood
oozing from nose and ears.
A Democratic Member. Where does that
authority come from ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I do not know whether reli-
gious rites were had or not. I suppose some pro-
slavery priest was invited in to utter impious
prayers before God that the last flagellation might
have whipped in Christianity enough to save her
precious and never-dying soul. [Laughter.] And
now, alarmed, a good black walnut coffin is made
and decorated with white ribbons, and placed in
the hearse, followed by a hack containing, I pre-
sume, the murderess; and my attention is called
to the cortege: 11 See, Mr. Lovejoy, there is a slave
funeral! Is that treating them like brutes?" Look
into the coffin ! Look'into the carriage !!
You say this is horrid. I know it is horrid. I
know it is horrid to hold men in slavery. I know
it is horrid to doom four million human beings
to the condition of chattels, to bo held pro nuUis,
pro mortuis, fro quadrupedis, taken for no persons,
for dead persons, for four-footed beasts—men as
much entitled to freedom as you and I. Sir, the
testimony of all religious societies in the slave
States is that the slaves are still heathen, and it is
an utter impossibility to christianize them and
civilize them by this process.
The third point that is relied on to justify slave-
holding is, thatit is constitutional—that it is guar-
antied by the Constitution of the United States.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 have heard it declared
over and over again that the Constitution guar-
anties slavery. I deny it. In no article, in no
section, in no line, in no word, in no syllable, can
there be any recognition or sanction of human
slavery found in the Constitution of the United
States. It is not there. It always recognizcs
human beings as poisons, and never as property.
It docs not use the word "slave" or "slavery."
Why, Sir, when I came up to take the oath to
support the Constitution, a whispered buzz, half
in earnest and half jocular, passed around ; "How
can Lovejoy swear to support the Constitution?
How can he take the oath'" I could take the
oath to support the Constitution,because I believe
in the Constitution, because I hold to it, because
my heart is loyal to it. Every part and parcel
and portion of itl believe in; but I do not believe
in the construction put upon it by those who
claim its recognition and sanction of the practice
of slaveholding.
Mr. BARKSDALE. No, sir; you stand there
to-day an infamous, perjured villain. [Calls to
order.]
Mr. ASHMORE. Yes, he is a perjured vil-
lain,; and he perjures himself every hour he oc-
cupies a seat on this floor. [Renewed calls to
order.]
Mr. SINGLETON. And a negro-thief into
the bargain.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I swore to support the Con-
stitution because I believe in it. I do not believe
in their construction of it. It is as well known as
any historical fact can be known, that the framcrs
of the Constitution so worded it as that it never
should recognize the idea of slave property, from
the beginning to the ending of it, But the advo-
cates of slavery have affirmed a strange doctrine
in regard to the Constitution. They think that
because I swore to support the Constitution, I
swofe to support the practice of slaveholding.
Sir, slaveholding in Virginia is no more under
the control or guarantee of the Constitution than
slavery in Cuba, or Brazil, or any other part of
the world, is under the control or guarantee of the
Constitution—not one particle.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman whether he has always held that the Con-
stitution deserved to be sustained and acccptcd—
whether, at any time in his life, he held that the
Constitution ought to be trodden under foot?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Never, sir; never. I always
defended it, and always will, whether it be against
the Democrats who pervert it, orthedisunionists
who trample on it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. If the gentleman says
he never said so, I am not prepared to contradict
him, for I know nothing,personally,aboutit; but
I had understood that the gentleman once uttered
this language: that " the Constitution was a piece
of rotten parchment that ought to be trodden un-
der foot."
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes; that was thrown in my
face once before here, and I denied it. It never
had the least foundation in truth. I always de-
fended the Constitution, because it was for liberty.
It was ordained by the people of the United States,
not by a superannuated old mummy of a judge—
and a Jesuit at that—but by the people of the
United States, to establish justice, secure the bless-
ings of liberty for themselves and their posterity,
and to secure the natural rights of every human
being within its exclusive jurisdiction. There-
fore I love it.
These men can perceive nothing in the Consti-
tution but slavery. A young man leads a blush-
ing bride to the altar, and takes the marital vow
beforcGod and attendant witnesses to love, cher-
ish, and protect her. There she stands—the di-
vincst thing that God has fashioned and placed
upon earth—radiant in the beauty of youth; her
cheek glowing with the color of the rose, which
expands and fades away into that of the lily; her
eyes sparkling like the stars from the depths of
blue, and her tresses falling around her neck like
the locks of the morning. Is the mole on that fair
round neck, or the wart on that plump, soft hand,
the woman whom the budegroom swore to love
and cherish? Say, sir, is it? So there is the Con-
stitution—instinct with freedom, radiant with the
principlesof universal liberty, seizing the inspired
utterances of our Magna Charta, and reducing
them to practical and organic realization. Now,
sir, I insist that if the clauses that are deemed to
refer to the subject of slavery mean all that the
wildest enthusiast claims them to mean, they bear
no other relation or proportion to the Constitu-
tion which I swear to support, than the excres-
cence on the hand or neck does to- the woman
whom the bridegroom vowed to love and cherish.
He loves her not for these things, but in Spite of
them.
So I love the Constitution, not in consequence
.of these things which are alleged to be in it, but
in spite of them. But you will say, the woman
had a right to sport an excrescence on her hand if
she chose. I concede it; and as a Federal law-
maker, I concede that the States have the right to
sport this fungus of slavery, because it is beyond
my reach. But time rolls away. This youthful
pair have years of middle age upon them. Olive
plants have sprung up around the parent stem.
The woman has gone mad. She gloats over the
excrescence which has spread and covers her en-
tire hand. She exclaims, "Husband, this is a
dear sweet darling, a real love of a wart, and I
want to ingraft it on the hands of all our daugh-
ters. I had it when I was married; you vowed
