2390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
^General Land Office, February 27, 1860,
Sir: I have the honor to return herewith a letter of the
24th instant to your address from Hon. William Vande-
ver, chairman of the House Committee on Public Lands,
with the petition of John Taylor,asking Congress to author-
ize the issuing to him a patent as the assignee of a pre-
emption location, and to report as instructed; that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, on the 19th day of
October, 1852, did issue instructions to local land officers,
deciding that assignments of preemption bounty land war-
rant locations were as valid as those made at ordinary pri-
vate entry; that many locations of that character were
afterwards assigned and patents issued to the assignees,
and continued to be so issued til} the 21st of May, 1B5G, at
which date the Secretary reviewed the whole subject, and
decided that preemption locations were not assignable under
the act of the 22d of March, 1852; whereupon this office,
on May 23,1856, issued a circular in accordance with the
Secretary's decision, copy herewith. The individual peti-
tioner is one of a class of persons whom it is proposed to
relieve by legislation, by authorizing patents to be issued
to the assignees or all preemption locations assigned under
the authority of said instructions of the 19th of October,
1852, and prior to the 21bt of Maich, 1856, the date of the
Secretary's letter annuilingsaid instructions. In the opin-
ion-of this office stfch legislation would be just and proper,
and in that view X herewith inclose the draft of a biit
which it is thought will cover the whole class of cases
represented in part by the petition of John Taylor.
Very respectfully, your obedient, servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PUBLIC PRINTING INVESTIGATION.
Mr. LANE. I ask that the Senate bill No. 9
be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour hav-
ing arrived for the consideration of the special or-
der, it becomes the duty of the Chair to announce
that as the first business now in "order, on which
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will permit me to give a notice. The
-report of the select committee on printing has not
yet been ordered to be printed. Certain resolu-
tions were reported which require the immediate
action of the Senate. A special order is made
during the morning hour to-morrow at half past
eleven o'clock. I give notice, therefore, that so
soon as the Senator from Massachusetts shall
have finished his remarks, I will ask the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of the report and
the. resolutions that accompany it that I have in-
dicated—the report of the select committee on
printing.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
23) for the admission of Kansas into the Union;
the pending question being; on the amendment
offered by Mr. Green, to strike out the eighth,
ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, and
fourteenth lines, and the first two words of the fif-
teenth line of the first section of the House bill,
in the following woids:
"Beginning at a point on the western boundary of the
State of Missouri, where the thirty-seventh parallel of north
latitude crosses the same; thence we<t on said parallel to
the twenty-fifth meridian of longitude west from Washing-
ton ; thence north on said meridian to fhc fortieth parallel
of latitude; thence east on said parallel to the western
boundary of the SUate of Missouri; thence south with the
western boundary of said State."
And to insert, in lieu thereof, the following:
Beginning in the main channci of the north Fork of the
Platte river, at a point where the twenty-filth meridian of
longitude west from Washington crosses the same; thence
down and along said channel to it* junction with the main
stream of the Platte; thence down and along tlie main chan-
nel of the Platte to the Missouri riv«;t ; t!n*m%e south along
said river and the western boundary of the State ot Mis-
souri to tlie northern boundary of tlie Cherokee neutral
land; thence west along said northern boundary, the north-
ern boundary of the Osage lands, and the piolon?ation of
the same, to the twenty-fifth meridian of longitude west
from Washington; thence north on said meridian to the
place of beginning.
Mr, SUMNER. Mr. President, undertaking
now, after a silence of more than four years, to
address the Seriate on this important subject, I
should suppress the emotions natural to such an
occasion, if I did not declare on the threshold
my gratitude to that Supreme Being, through
whose benign care I am enabled, after much suf-
fering and many changes, once again to resume
my duties here and to speak for the cause which
is so near my heart. To the honored Common-
wealth, whose representative I am, and also to
my immediate associates in this body, with whom
I enjoy the fellowship which is found in thinking
alike concerning the Republic, I owe thanks which
I seize this moment to express fotthe indulgence
shown me throughout the protracted seclusion
enjoined by medical skill; and I trust that it will
not be thought unbecoming in me to put on rec-
ord here, as an apology for leaving my seat so
long vacant, without making way, by resigna-
tion, for a successor, that I acted under the illu-
sion of an invalid, whose hopes for restoration to
his natural health constantly triumphed over his
disappointments.
When last I entered into this debate, it became
my duty to expose the Crime against Kansas,
and to insist upon the immediate admission of
that Territory as a State of this Union, with a Con-
stitution forbidding Slavery. Time has passed;
but the question remains. Resuming the discis-
sion precisely where I left it, I am happy to avow
that rule of moderation, which, it is said, may
venture even to fix the boundaries of wisdom it-
self. I have no personal griefs to utter; only a
barbarous egotism could intrude these into thi^
chamber. 1 have no personal wrongs to avenge;
only a barbarous nature could attempt to wield
that vengeance which belongs to the Lord. The
years that have intervened and the tombs that have
been opened since I spoke have their voices too,
which I cannot fail to hear. Besides, what am
I—what is any man among the living or among
the dead, compared with the Question before us?
It is this alone which I shall discuss, and I open
the argument with that easy victory which is found
in charity.
The Crime against Kansas stands forth in pain-
ful light. Search history, and you cannot find its
parallel. The slave trade is bad; but even this
enormity is putty compared with that elaborate
contrivance by which, in a Christian age and
within the limits of a Republic, all forms of con-
stitutional liberty were perverted; by which all
the rights of human nature were violated,and the
whole country was held trembling on the edge of
civil war; while all this large exuberance of wick-
edness, detestable in itself, becomes tenfold more
detestable when its origin is traced to the mad-
ness for Slavery. The fatal partition between
Freedom and Slavery, known as the Missouri
Compromise; the subsequent overthrow of this
partition, and the seizure of all by Slavery; the
violation of plighted faith; the conspiracy to force
Slavery at all hazards into Kansas; the success-
ive invasions by which all security there was
destroyed, and the electoral franchise itself was
trodden down; the sacrilegious seizure of the very
polls, and, through pretended forms of law, the
imposition of a foreign Legislature "upon this Ter-
ritory; the acts of this Legislature, fortifying the
Usurpation, and,among other things, establishing
test-oaths, calculated to disfranchise actual set-
tlers friendly to Freedom, and securing the priv-
ileges of the citizen to actual strangers friendly
to Slavery; the whole crowned by a statute—
" the be-all and the end-all" of the wholeUsurp-
ation—through which Slavery was not only rec-
ognized on this beautiful soil, but made to bristle
with a Code of Death such as the world has rarely
seen; all these I have fully exposed on a former
occasion. And yet, the most important part of
the argument was at that time left untouched; 1
mean that which is found in the Character of
Slavery. This natural sequel, with the permis-
sion of the Senate, I propose now to supply.
Motive is to Crime as soul to body; and it is
only when we comprehend the motive that we can
truly comprehend the Crime. Here, the motive
is found in Slavery and the rage for its extension.
Therefore, by logical necessity, must Slavery be
discussed; not indirectly, timidly, and sparingly,
but directly, openly, and thoroughly. It must be
exhibited as it is; alike in its influence and in its
animating character, so that not only its outside
but its inside may be seen.
This is no time for soft words or excuses. All
such are out of place. They may turn away
wrath; but what is the wrath of man? This is no
time to abandon any advantage in the argument.
Senators sometimes announce that they resist
Slavery on political grounds only, and remind us
that they say nothing of the moral question. This
is wrong. Slavery must be resisted not only
on political grounds; but on all other grounds,
whether social, economical, or moral. Ours is no
holiday contest; nor is it any strife of rival fac-
tions; of "White and Red Roses; of theatric Neri
and Bianchi; but it is a solemn battle between
Right and Wrong; between Good and Evil. Such
a battle cannot be fought with excuses or with
rosewater. There is austere work to be done, and
Freedom cannot consent to iling away any of her
weapons.
If I were disposed to shrink from this discus-
sion, the boundless assumptions now made by
Senators on the other side would not allow me.
The whole character of Slavery as a pretended
form of civilization is put directly in issue, with
a pertinacity and a hardihood which banish all
reserve on this side. In these assumptions, Sen--
ators from South Carolina naturally take the lead.
Following Mr, Calhoun, who pronounced "Sla-
very the most safe and stable basis for free insti-
tutions in the world," and Mr. McDufBe, who
did not shrink from calling it" the corner-stone of
the republican edifice/'the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Hammond] insists that66 its forms
of society are the best in the worldand his col-
league [Mr. Chesnut] takes up the strain. Due
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] adds,that
Slavery " is but a form of civil government for
those who are not fit to govern themselves,"and
his colleague [Mr. Brown] openly vaunts that it
" is a great moral, social, and political blessing—
a blessing to the slave and a blessing to the mas-
ter." One Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
in a studied vindication of what he is pleased to call
"the social system of the slaveholdwg States,"
exalts Slavery as "the normal condition ofhuman
society;
1 beneficial to the non-slave-owner as
it is to the slave-owner"—" best for the happi-
ness of both races,"and, inenthusiastic advocacy,
declares, " that the very key-stone of the mighty
arch, which by its concentiated strength is able
to sustain our social superstructure, consists in
the black marble block of African slavery. Knock
that out," he says, " and the mighty fabric, with
all that it upholds, topples and tumbles to its fall."
These were his very words, uttered in debate here.
And his colleague, [Mr. Mason,] who has never
hesitated where Slavery was in question, has pro-
claimed that it is "ennobling to both master and
slave"—a word which, so far as the slave was
concerned, he changed, on a subsequent day, to
" elevating, "assuming still thatitis " ennobling "
to the master—which is simply a new version of
an old assumption, by Mr. McDuffie, of South
Carolina, that " Slavery supersedes the necessity
of an order of nobility."
Thus, by various voices, is the claim made for
Slavery, which is put forward defiantly as a form
of civilization, as if its existence were not plainly
inconsistent with the first principles of anything
that can be called Civilization, except by that
figure of speech in classical literature, where a
thing takes its name from something which it has
not, as the dreadful Fates were called merciful
because they were without mercy. And pardon
the allusion, if I add, that, listening to these
sounding words for Slavery, I am reminded of
the kindred extravagance related by that remark-
able traveler in China, the late Abbe Hue, of a
gloomy hole in which he was lodged,pestered by
mosquitoes and exhaling noisome vapors, where
light and air entered only by a single narrow
aperture,-but styled by Chinese pride the Hotel
of the Beatitudes.
It is natural that Senators thus insensible to the
true character of Slavery, should evince an equal
insensibility to the true character of the Consti-
tution. This is shown in the claim now made,
and pressed with unprecedented energy, degrad-
ing the work of our fathers, that by virtue of the
Constitution, the pretended property in man is
placed beyond the reach of Congressional prohi-
bition even within Congressional juiisdictiou, so
that the Slave-master may at all times enter the
broad outlying Territories of the Union with the
victims of his oppression, and there continue to
hold them by lash and chain.
Such are the two assumptions, the first an as-
sumption of fact, and the second an assumption
of constitutional law, which are now made with-
out apology or hesitation. I meet them both. To
the first 1 oppose the essential Barbarism of Sla-
very, in all its influences, whether high or low,
as Satan is Satan still, whether towering in the
sky or squatting in the toad. To the second I
oppose the unanswerable, irresistible truth, that
the Constitution of the United Spates nowhere
