1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
recognizes property in man. These two assump-
tions naturally go together. They are " twins"
suckled by the same wolf. They are the " couple"
in the present slave hunt. And the latter cannot
be answered without exposing the former. It is
only when Slavery is exhibited in its truly hate-
ful character that we can fully appreciate the ab-
surdity of the assumption, which, in defiance of
the express letter of the Constitution, and with-
out a single sentence, phrase, or word,upholding
human bondage, yet foists into this blameless
text the barbarous idea that man can hold prop-
erty in man.
On former occasions, I have discussed Slavery
only incidentally; as, in unfolding the principle
that Slavery is Sectional and Freedom National;
in exposing the-unconstitutionality of the Fugi-
tive Slave Bill; in vindicating the Prohibition of
Slavery in the Missouri Territory; in exhibiting
the imbecility throughout the Revolution of the
Slave States, and especially of South Carolina;
and lastly, in unmasking the Crime against Kan-
sas. On all these occasions, where I havespoken
at length, 1 have said too little of the character of
Slavery, partly because other topics were pre-
sented, and partly from a disinclination which I
have always felt to press the argument against
those whom I knew to have all the sensitiveness
of a sick man. But, God be praised, this time
has passed, and the debate is now lifted from de-
tails to principles. Grander debate has not oc-
curred in our history, rarely in any history; nor
can this debate close or subside except with the
triumph of Freedom.
First Assumption.—Of course I begin with
the assumption of fact.
It was the often-quoted remark of John Wes-
ley, who knew well how to use words, as also
how to touch hearts, that Slavery was " the sum
of all villainies." The phrase is pungent; but it
would be rash in any of us to criticise the testi-
mony of that illustrious founder of Methodism,
whose ample experience of Slavery in Georgia
and the Carolinas seems to have been all con-
densed in this sententious judgment. Language
is feeble to express all the enormity of this insti-
tution, which is now vaunted as in itself a form
of civilization, " ennobling" at least to the master,
if not to the slave. Look at it in whatever light
you will, and it is always the scab, the canker,
the" bare-bones, "and theshame of the country;
wrong, not merely 111 the abstract, as is often ad-
mitted by its apologists, but wrong in the con-
crete also, and possessing no single element of
right. Look at it in the light of principles, and
it is nothing less than a huge insurrection against
the eternal law of God, involving in its pretensions
the denial of all human rights, and also the denial
of that Divine Law in which God himself is man-
ifest, thus being practically the grossest lie and
the grossest"Atheism. Founded in violence, sus-
tained only by violence, such a wrong must, by
a sure law of compensation, blast the master as
well as the slave; blast the lands on which they
live; blast the community of which they are a
part; blast the Government which does not forbid
the outrage; and the longer it exists and the more
completely it prevails, must its blasting influences
penetrate the whole social system. Barbarous in
origin; barbarous in its law; barbarous in all its
pretensions; barbarous in the instruments it em-
ploys; barbarous in consequences; barbarous in
spirit; barbarous wherever it shows itself, Slavery
must breed Barbarians, while it develops every-
where, alike ill the individual and m the society
to which he belongs, the essential elements of
Barbarism. In this character it is now conspic-
uous before the world.
In undertaking now to expose the Barbarism
op Slavery, the whole broad field is open before
me. There is nothing in its character, its mani-
fold wrong, its wretched results, and especially
in its influence on the class who claim to be "en-
nobled" by it, that will not fall naturally under
• consideration.
I know well the difficulty of this discussion
involved in the humiliating Truth with which I
begin. Senators on former occasions, revealing
their sensibility, have even protested against any
comparison between what were called the " two
civilizations"—meaning the two social systems
produced respectively by Freedom and by Slavery.
The sensibility and the protest are not unnatural,
though mistaken. " Two civilizations 1" Sir,
in this nineteenth century of Christian light, there
can' be but one Civilization, and this is where
Freedom prevails. Between Slavery and Civil-
ization there is an essential incompatibility. If
you are for the one, you cannot be for the other;
and just in proportion to the embrace of Slavery
is the divorce from Civilization. That Slave-
masters should be disturbed when this is exposed,
might be expected. But the assumptions now so
boastfully made, while they may not prevent the
sensibility, yet surely exclude all ground of pro-
test when these assumptions are exposed.
Nor is this the only difficulty. Slavery is a
bloody Touch-me-not, and everywhere in sight
now blooms the bloody flower. It is on the way
side as we approach the national capital; it is on
the marble steps which we mount; it flaunts on
this floor. I stand now m the house of its friends.
About me, while I speak, are its most sensitive
guardians, who have shown in the past how much
they are ready either to do or not to do where Sla-
very is in question. Menaces to deter me have not
been spared. But I should ill deserve this high
post of duty here, with which I have been hon-
ored by a generous and enlightened people, if I
could hesitate. Idolatry has been often exposed
in the presence of idolaters, and hypocrisy has
been chastised in the presence of Scribes and Phar-
isees. Such examples may give encouragement
to a Senator who undertakes in this presence to
expose Slavery; nor can any language, directly
responsive to the assumptions now made for this
Barbarism, be open to question. Slavery can
only be painted in the sternest colors; but I can-
not forget that nature's sternest painter has been
called the best.
The Barbarism of Slavery appears; first in
the character of Slavery, and secondly in the char-
acter of Slave-musters. Under the first head we shall
naturally consider (1) the Law of Slavery and its
Origin, and (2) the practical results of Slavery as
shown in a comparison between the Free Statesand
the Slave States. Under the second head weslmll
naturally consider (1) Slave-masters as shown in
the Law of Slaveiy; (2) Slave-masters in their
relations with slaves, here glancing at their three
brutal instruments; and (3) Slave-masters in their
relations with each other, with society, and with
Government; and (4) Slave-masters in their un-
consciousness.
The way will then be prepared for the consid-
eration of the assumption of constitutional law.
I. In presenting the Character of Slavery,
there is little for me to do, except to allow Sla-
very to paint itself. When this is done, the pic-
ture will need no explanatory words.
(1.) I begin with the Law of Slavery audits Or-
igin, and here this Barbarism paints itself in its
own chosen definition It is simply this: Man,
created in the image of God, is divested of his
human character, and declared to be a " chattel"
—that is, a beast, a thing-or article of property.
That this statement may not seem to be put for-
ward without precise authority, I quote the stat-
utes of three different States, beginning with South
Carolina, whose voice for Slavery always has an
unerring distinctiveness. Here is the definition
supplied by this State:
" Slaves shall be deemed, held, taken, reputed, and ad-
judged ill iaw, to be chattels personal in the hands of their
owners and possessors and their executors, administrators,
and assigns, to all intents, constructions, and purposes
whatsoever.''—2 Brev. Dig., 229.
And here is the definition supplied by the Civil
Code of Louisiana:
  A slave is one who is in the power of a master to whom
lie belongs. The master may sell lum, dispose of Ins per-
son, Ins industry, and his labor. Ho can do nothing, pos-
sess nothing, nor acquire anything, but what must belong
to his master."—Civil Code, art. 35.
In similar spirit, the law of Maryland thus in-
directly defines a slave as an article:
" In ease the personal property ol award shall consist of
specific articles, such as slaves, working beasts, animals of
any kind, the court, if it deem it advantageous for the
ward, may at any time pass ail ordertor the sale thereof."
—Statutes of Maryland.
Not to occupy time unnecessarily, I present a
summary of the pretended law defining Slavery
in all the Slave States, as made by a careful
writer, Judge Stroud, in a work of jundicial as
well as philanthropic merit:
" The cardinal principle of Slavery—that the slave is not
to be ranked among sentient beings, but among things is
an article of property—a chattel personal—-obtains as un-
doubted law in all of these [Slave] States."—Stroud-s Law
oj Slavery, p. 22.
Out of this definition, as from a solitary germ,
which in its pettiness might be crushed by the
hand, towers our Upas Tree and all its gigantic
poison. Study it, and you will comprehend the
whole monstrous growth.
Sir, look at its plain import, and see the rela-
tion which it establishes. The slave is held sim-
ply/or the use of his master, to whose behests, his
life, liberty, and happiness, are devoted, and by
whom he may be bartered, leased, mortgaged, be-
queathed, invoiced, shipped as cargo, stored as
goods, sold on execution, knocked off at public
auction, and even staked at the gaming table on
the hazard of a card or a die; all according to law.
Nor is there anything, within the limit of life,
inflicted on a beast which may not be inflicted on
the slave. He may be marked like a hog, branded
like a mule, yoked like an ox, hobbled like a
horse, driven like an ass, sheared like a sheep,
maimed like a cur, and constantly beaten like a
brute; all according to law. And should life itself
be taken, what is the remedy? The Law of Sla-
very, imitating that rule of evidence which, in
barbarous days and barbarous countries, pre-
vented a Christian from testifying against a Ma-
homedan, openly pronounces the incompetency
of the whole African race—whether bond or free
—to testify in any case against a white man, and,
thus having already surrendered the slave to all
possible outrage, crowns its tyranny, by exclud-
ing the very testimony through which the bloody
cruelty of the Slave-master might-be exposed.
Thus in its Law does Slavery paint itself; but
it is only when we look at details, and detect its
essential elements—-five in number—-all inspired by
a single motive, that its character becomes com-
pletely manifest.
Foremost, of course, in these elements, is the
impossible pretension, where Barbarism is lost in
impiety, by which man claims property in man.
Against such arrogance the argument is brief.
According to the law of nature, written by the
same hand that placed the planets 111 their orbits,
and like them, constituting a part of the eternal
system of the Universe, every human being has
a complete title to himself direct from the Al-
mighty. Naked he is born; but this birthright
is inseparable from the human form. A man may
be poor in this world's goods; but he owns him-
self. No war or robbery, ancient or recent; no
capture; nomiddle passage; no change of clime;
no purchase money; no transmission from hand
to hand, 110 matter how many tunes, and no mat-
ter at what price, can defeat this indefeasible God-
given franchise. And a Divine mandate, strong
as that which guards Life, guards Liberty also.
Even at the very morning of Creation, when God
said, let there be Light—earlier than the maledic-
tion against murder—He set an everlasting differ-
ence between man and a chattel, giving toman
dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the
fowl of the air, and over every living thing that
moveth upon the earth:
  that right we hold
By His donation ; but man over men
He made not lord, &uch title to Himself
Rcsemng, human left from human free.
Slavery tyrannically assumes a power which
Heaven denied, while, under its barbarous nec-
romancy, borrowed from the Source of_ Evil, a
man is changed into a chattel—a person is with-
ered into a thing—a soul is shrunk into merchan-
dise. Say, sir, in your madness, that you own
the sun, the stars, the moon; but do not say that
you own a man, endowed with a soul that shall
live immortal, when sun and moon and stars have
passed away. , . .
Secondly. Slavery paints itself again m its com-
plete abrogation of marriage, recognized as a sacra-
ment by the church, and recognized as a contract
wherever civilization prevails. Under the law of
Slavery, no such sacrament is respected, and no
such contract can exist. The ties that may be
formed between slaves are all subject to the selfish
interests or more selfish lust of the master, whose
license knows no check. Natural affections which
have come together are rudely torn asunder; nor
is this all. Stripped of every defense, the chastity
of a whole race is exposed to violence, while the
result is recorded m the tell-tale faces of children,
glowing with their master's blood, but doomed
for their mother's skin to Slavery, through all
descending generations. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] is galled by the comparison
