1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Let us inquire seriously if this is a sufficient
reason for continuing the conflict. Upon this
programme, how long is the country to be af-
flicted with this perilous strife? As the Supreme
Court is organized under the Constitution, it may
require ten, twenty, or thirty, or more years, to
make such a change in its composition as to se-
cure a reversal of the decisions complained of.
Does any rational man believe that the bonds
which tie this Confederacy together are strong
enough to withstand the sectional collisions which
must occur within the period indicated for the
continuance of the conflict ?
The first great object of the Republicans is to
get possession of the executive department of the
Government. Suppose they should succeed and
the Union should survive the shock, how much
nearer would that bring them to the accomplish-
ment of their object ? A Republican President
might forswear himself and refuse to execute the
law and enforce the Constitution, but the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court would stand unre-
versed. Deaths or resignations might possibly
enable a Republican President to secure the de-
sired reversals; but is it upon the calculation of
possible chances and contingencies like these that
the country is to continue to be convulsed by sec-
tional agitation ?
But the subject is susceptible of a still more prac-
tical view. You assure us that the primary if not
the only object of your organization is to prevent
the expansion of slavery. As long as the ques-
tion as to the existence of slavery in Kansas was
open, there was some small amount of plausibility
in the avowed purpose of your organization. But
even that slender pretext is now swept away.
There is no other Territory into which it is prob-
able, if indeed possible, that slavery can be car-
ried and maintained. Southern slaveholders know
too well the laws which regulate the value of slave
labor to be guilty of the folly of carrying it into
any of our present Territories. The acquisition
of additional territory of any kind, and espe-
cially of a character to invite slave labor, is too
remote a contingency to be counted within the
range of possibility. What, then, is there that is
practical in your organization ? In the great con-
test about Kansas we had the empty triumph of a
change of the law*by the court in our favor; but
you had the substantial triumph of a verdict by
the jury in your favor. We have the consola-
tion of having the law on our side; you have the
consolation of having the jury on your side. What
more do you want? After a protracted conflict,
putting to hazard the Confederacy, you may pos-
sibly succeed in getting the court as well as the
jury on your side. But the expansion of slavery
would be 110 more effectually prevented then than
it is now.
It is difficult to believe that, for the accomplish-
ment of an object so remote and contingent, means
so greatly disproportionate can be designed. Your
organization is confessedly powerful, possessing
the political control of nearly all the free States,
working through a machinery that exerts its po-
tent influence throughout their vast limits, animat-
ing its adherents with a religious political zeal that
dwarfs all subjects except slavery into utter insig-
nificance, and struggling for ascendency in the
Federal Government with a stubborn persistency
of purpose that is wholly regardless of conse-
quences.
Your organization is so emphatically based upon
one idea that, when we appeal to you to restore
peace and harmony to the country by dropping
the slavery question from our political conflicts,
you answer us in candor that to do that would
be to disband your party. Your answer suggests
a conclusive reason why your organization ought
to be disbanded. You cannot exclude the slavery
question from your platform without disbanding
your organization, for.the plain reason that oppo-
sition to slavery is its vital principle. The pre-
vention of the extension of slavery is the form in
which you present the issue; but you will not
deny that your opposition to its extension is based
upon an intense, active, and uncompromising hos-
tility, to the institution. This sentiment is infused
into and impressed upon the northern mind from
the cradle up through all the stages of education
to manhood. To hate slavery as a great sin is a
standing theme for the pulpit. The consequence
has been the formation of a public opinion which
violates, without hesitation, all that class of obli-
gations whj ch are legitimately implied under a con-
federation of sovereign communities. These obli-
gations rest upon the golden rule, " Do unto others
as you would that others should do unto you."
They are obligations dependent entirely for their
fulfillmenton the plighted faith of the parties. They
cannot be enforced by legal means, and on that
account ought to be>regarded and observed as hon-
orary pledges of friendship, binding together a
brotherhood of sovereignties. These obligations
require such an exercise of the reserved rights and
powers on the part of each sovereignty as not to
interfere needlessly with the enjoyment of the re-
served rights of any other sovereignty of the Con-
federation. The freedom of conscience, of speech,
and of the press are all reserved rights, and each
sovereignty has the unlimited exercise of them;
but the obligation of fraternity requires that they
shall not be exercised for the purpose of affecting
injuriously the rights of other members of the Con-
federation. Can it be truthfully said that these
fraternal obligations have been faithfully kept ?'
The sentiment of hostility to slavery has been so
intensified by the teachings of the schools and the
pulpits, aided by the most unbridled license of the
press and the freest exercise of speech, that pub-
lic opinion will tolerate no legislative recognition
of the legality of slavery in the States where it
exists by law. It goes further; it seeks by legis-
lation to dissolve the relation of owner ana slave,
when the former, either 011 business or pleasure,
makes a temporary visit into its jurisdiction. If
a slave escapes into a free State, public opinion
sanctions his concealment from pursuit, and even
tolerates the giving of assistance in insuring his
final loss to his owner. But it does not stop with
a violation of the honorary obligations of brother-
hood; it repudiates the express obligations im-
posed by the constitutional compact, not only by
refusing to enact the laws necessary to the execu-
tion of an express provision of the Constitution,
but by passing laws designed to prevent its exe-
cution. The power of this public opinion is man-
ifested in the temples of justice, obstructing and
defeating the administration of the law; 111 the
temples of religion, converting them into arenas
for political agitation; and in the halls of legisla-
tion, influencing them in the passage of laws for
the obstruction and nullification of the constitu-
tional legislation of the Federal Government. It
enters into^ild, long established political associa-
tions ; distracts their harmony; corrupts their prin-
ciples; destroys their nationality; abolishes their
organizations, and blots out their names. Pre-
text after pretext is seized upon to increase and
strengthen sectional jealousies and prejudices,
until a powerful anti-slavery sentiment is prepared
ready to be molded by political ambition into a
great sectional organization for the control of the
Federal Government.
The proposition to give territorial governments
to Kansas and Nebraska in 1854 furnished the
occasion and the pretext for appropriating this
powerful sectional sentiment to party purposes.
The original bill of the Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] for organizing Kansas, was in the exact
language of the acts of 1850 organizing New Mex-
ico and Utah.
The bill was made to conform faithfully to the
non-intervention principle ofthe legislation of 1850,
because that principle had been indorsed by both
of the great national parties in 1852, and ratified
by the result of the popular vote. After such
evidences that congressional non-intervention was
the fixed solution of the slavery question, it would
have been an inexcusable violation of the plighted
faith of the two sections if the Senator from Illi-
nois, as chairman of the Committee on Territo-
ries, had not followed strictly the legislation of
1850. Immediately after the introduction of the
bill, when its language was identical with that of
the acts of 1850, a violent assault was made upon
the measure in a circular letter, issued by several
prominent Republicans of this body arid of the
other House, in which a strong appeal was made
to the anti-slavery sentiment at the North in op-
position to the application of the non-interven-
tion principle to the Kansas and Nebraska Ter-
ritories. The sectional agitation was, therefore,
then and there reopened and revived in opposition
to the doctrine of non-intervention, and by men
whose party had professed, in their platform of
1852, to acquiesce in that principle as a final set-
tlement of the subject. The amendments subse-
quently made to the bill, expressly repealing the -
Missouri restriction, were in strict conformity
with the principle of non-intervention, and wert
calculated and intended only to make that fact
more certain. If it was slavery aggression to;
secure to the people of a Territory the unob-
structed right t<$ adopt or reject that system of
labor, then the non-intervention principle of the
Kansas bill -was aggressive; but so,also, was the
legislation of 1850, which had been indorsed 'by
both parties and by the people in 1852. ' But ins
not tfue that the legislation of 1850, or of 1854,
was an aggression of slavery; it was the recog-
nition of a great constitutional and just principle
for the prevention of sectional conflicts.
If this principle has failed to secure the object
of its adoption—the. prevention of slavery agita-
tion in Congress—the responsibility rests on those
who have seized upon the powerful anti-slavery
sentiment of the North as the instrument with
which to resist and defeat the legitimate operation
of the principle. Whatever else has been said
against the repeal of the Missouri restriction, it
has never been maintained that the law repealing
it was not a constitutional enactment, we are
told that the Republican party owes its existence
to that law, and that its object was to defeat-its
operation and to prevent the introduction of sla-
very into Kansas. The Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] said in the Senate, on Monday last:
" Sir, we formed our party, I grant, with the express In-
tention to prevent, if possible, the extension of slavery
into Terutories—to prevent it by congressional action, if
wo could; if we could not by congressional action, to pre-
vent it by main force—not by armed force, but the force of
public opinion and private action. That I grant."
By the confession, therefore, of the Senatorfrom
Maine, one object of the concentration and embod-
iment ofthe anti-slavery sentiment, under the name
of the Republican party, was to obstruct, defeat,
and render nugatory a law of Congress, which,
being passed 111 pursuance of the Constitution, was
the supreme law of the land. It would have been
legitimate to make public opinion available to se-
cure the repeal of the obnoxious law. That, how-
ever, has never been seriously attempted. But
upon what principle of allegiance to the Constitu-
tion can public opinion be organized to prevent the
operation of a supreme law ? Yet it was in this
spirit of rebellion against law, and in violation of
the compromise of 1850, that the Republican or-
ganization originated; and in that spirit the first
great object of its formation was sought to be
accomplished. What would have been thought
of the patriotism of Washington, Jefferson, and
Madison, if, after avowing their opposition to sla-
very, they had proceeded to counsel the forma-
tion of political organizations based upon anti-
slavery sentiments, for the purpose of defeating
and nullifying the operation of constitutional laws
that might be offensive to that sentiment? Yet
the Republican party claims to fallow the precepts
and the example of those venerated names! You
claim to hold the same views on slavery with
those fath ers; yet Washington administers to your
organization a pointed rebuke when he warns'
his countrymen against the danger to the Union
from sectional parties gotten up by designing men
endeavoring to excite a belief that there is a real
difference of local interests and views. Jefferson
and Madison, too, have left on record their au-
thority against the constitutionality of the object
which you profess to animate your organization
—the prevention of the expansion of slavery by
the action of Congress; and it is clearly demon-
strable that, of all men who have lived, Mr. Jef-
ferson has done most towards the perpetuation of
slavery. But the desecration of these great names
becomes revolting in the extreme when they are
used to sanction the formation of an organization,
one of whose admitted objects was to defeat the
operation of a constitutional law, and that not by
the mode of repeal provided m the Constitution.
But the Republican party has accomplished the
object of its organization—the exclusion of sla-
very from Kansas. Whether that has been ef-
fected by the force of public opinion at the North
or by the force of "private action" in the form
of aid societies and Sharp's rifles, I shall not
stop to inquire. The object has been accom-
plished; and we now may ask without offense,
what other object is to be served by the party?
There is no otner free territory into which slavery
threatens to make an incursion. Upon your own
