I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tii Cong. .. .1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. of Reps.
to protect mc, and I claim the right to transfer it
to all the children. If you do not, I will go to
Indiana, and get a divorce. I will dissolve the
union between us." The husband, calm and firm,
replies, (< My dear, I have indulged you in this
whim about you* hand, because I took you for
better or for worse, and I thought it one of your
individual rights, which I was not at liberty to
disturb. But if you propose to transfer this
deformity to the daughters, I say distinctly and
decidedly, it cannot be done. This is my pre-
rogative, and I must exercise it." So I say to
the shivery propagandists who desire to trans-
plant slavery to the Territories, and thus fasten
it upon the daughters of the Republic, "My
dears, it cannot be done."
I say, therefore, Mr. Chairman, that there is
no justification for this practice of slaveholding,
from the fact that the enslaved race are an inferior
race. No justification from the pretended fact
that it imparts Christianity and civilization to
them; and none in the guarantees of the Consti-
tution. Now, there are some Christian men on
the other side of the House ; I want to put it to
them, in all candor—for while I intend to speak
of slaveholding with as severe terms of reproba-
tion as I possibly can, I do notintend to offend any
individual personally—I want to know of you,
Christian gentlemen, how you are going to chris-
tianize men when you do not give them homes?
A Member. Give them what?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Homes—a legal sanction to
the conjugal and parental relations. How are you
going to christianize men whom you turn out to
herd together like the buffaloes that roam upon
the western prairies? You cannot do it.
It may be asked, sir, when 1 confess that I have
no control over this matter, why discuss it? why
talk about it?
Mr. SINGLETON". I want to know if the
gentleman gives homes 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I must decline to yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. SINGLETON. I want to answer the gen-
tleman 's question by asking him another. I want
to know if he gives homos to the negroes ho car-
ries from the South to Canada and other places?
A Member. The negroes he steals ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is not in order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope my colleague will
hold no parley with that perjured negro-thief.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is asked, why discuss this
question? Why talk about it, when it is confessed
that we have 110 constitutional power to legislate
uponit? I will tell, you, Mr. Chairman. It will
be rccollocted, that Mr. Webster once said, when
speaking of the threatened interposition of Russia
to snatch Ivossuth from the protection of Turkey,
for the purpose of sacrificing him on the altar of
despotism: " Gentlemen, there is something on
earth greater than arbitrary or despotic power.
The lightning has its power, and the whirlwind
has its power, and the earthquake has its power;
but thercis something among men more capable of
shaking despotic thrones than lightning, whirl-
wind, or earthquake; and that is the excited and
aroused indignation of the whole civilized world."
" The A.von to the Severn runs ;
The Severn to the sea;
And WickhflVs dust shall spread abroad
Wide as the waters he."
To continue the quotation with a different ap-
plication and a slight variation of the language, I
say, gentlemen, if the blood of innocent men is
taken by an absolute, unqualified, unjustifiable
violation of natural law, what will it appease,
what will it pacify? It will mingle with the earth-,
it will mix with the waters of the ocean; the whole
civilized world will snuff it in the air; and it will
return with awful retribution on the heads of those
violators of natural law and universal justice. I
cannot say when, or in what form; but depend
upon it, if such acts take place, then slavery must
look out for the consequences.
Sir, before the public sentiment of the Chiistian
and civilized world I propose to hold up to universal
reprobation this practice ofslaveliolding. I propose
toholditupin all its atrocity, in all its hideousness,
just as gentlemen have been holding up the practice
of polygamy, and reprobating it; and, sir,that pub-
lic sentiment of the civilized world will burn upon
this practice of slavery, and ultimately secure its
removal in the only proper way: by the action of
the slave States themselves. That is why I dis-
cuss it.
Mr. Chairman, my time is passing away, and
I must hasten on. I want to come to a few things
that have been under discussion during the in-
choate condition of the House, whilst this Hall
was echoing with ululations that would have
drowned the lupine chorus of the Alps, of Helper,
and John Brown, and incendiarism, the torch of
the incendiary, and the knife of the assassin. One
gentleman from Virginia stood up in his place,
and wanted to know wlieie there was a man who
would indorse the Helper book. He wanted such
a man, if there was one here, to stand up, that he
might look upon the traitor. Mr. Chairman, I,
for one, signed the paper recommending the cir-
culation of the Helper book. I signed it intelli-
gently. I was neither engrossed nor abstracted.
I did it because 1 wanted to do it; and now, if
the gentleman wants to look upon that kind of a
traitor, mc, me, adsum qui feci, in me convertite
telum; I did it. I will sign a recommendation
for the circulation of any book that I choose, with-
outasking permission of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Clark,] or of any other gentleman in
the House or out of the House. I will sign a paper
recommending the circulation of the Bible or the
Koran, Young's Night Thoughts or Tom Moored
Anacrcon, Jonathan Edwards on the Decrees, or
Tom Paine's Age of Reason, just as I please.
I claim the.privilege, as an American citizen,
of writing my name and recommending the circu-
lation of any and every book, without being held
amenable to gentlemen upon this floor, or any-
where else. That is my answer in regard to it.
I have more than that to say. I sny nothing about
some points in the book. I have no doubt that
there is considerable bombast and fustian and vio-
lence of language in it, bccause the author was
educated in a slave State; and the rhetoric which
comes from that quarter is apt to have these char-
acteristics. [Laughter.] But the philosophy—
the gist of the booK—is what? It is the address
of a citizcn of a slave State to his fellow-citizens
in regard to the subject of slavery, recommending
in substance the organization of a Republican par-
ty in North Carolina and in all the other slave
States. I hope to see that done; and I expect to
see it done before very long. You may kill Cas-
sius M. Clay, as you threaten to do; but "the
blood of the martyrs is the seed of the church."
You may shed his blood, as you shed the blood
of my brother on the banks of the Mississippi
twenty years ago—and what then ? I am here to-
day, thank God, to vindicate the principles bap-
tized in his blood. You may shed his blood—
and what then ? A Republican party will spring
up in Kentucky and in all the slaves States ere
long; and these disunionists and gentlemen whom
you see so violent now, will be displaced by more
moderate, and—if I may say so without being
offensive—more sensible men.
I believe in that doctrine. I do not indorse
every expression in the Helper book, fori have not
studied every expression; but the philosophy of
the book, the idea of organizing a party in the
slave States as against slavery, 1 am in favor of,
and I expect to see it accomplished. What is the
objection to the book? The objection is that a
citizen of the United States, an American citi-
zen, addressed himself to his fellow-citizens, in a
peaceful way, through the press, and for this you
find fault with hi in and say that he must be hanged,
and that any man who signed a recommendation
for the circulation of his book is a "blighting,
blasting, burning, withering curse," and must not
occupy that chair.
I want to know if it has come to this? Has
not an American citizen a right to speak to an
American citizen ? I want the right of uttering
what I say here in Richmond. I claim the right
to say what I say here in Charleston.
Mr. BONIIAM. You had better try it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir. I am going to in-
voke the aid of the General Government to pro-
tect me, as an American citizen, in my rights as
0ii American citizen. I can go to England to-day,
and m London, or anywhere else, discuss the
question of Church and State; I can discuss the
question ofamonarchical go vernmentas compared
with a republican form of government. I can do
this anywhere in England, but I cannot go into
a slave State and open my lips in regard to the
question of slavery
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. No; we would
hang you higher than Haman.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I cannotgo toa slave State and
utter my sentiments to free citizens like myself.
Mr. MILES. Can.yau go to England and in-
cite the laboring classes to murder the aristocracy,
or to assassinate the Q,ueen? ^
Mr. LOVEJOY. I have no desire to, nor have
I any desire to incite such things anywhere else;
but I do claim the right of discussing this ques-
tion of slavery anywhere, on any square foot of
American soil over which the stars and stripes
float, and to which the privileges and immunities
of the Constitution extend. Under that Consti-
tution, which guaranties to me free speech, I claim
it, and I demand it.
Mr. BONHAM. I ask the gentleman why he
does not attempt to assert his right ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes, sir. The gentleman
comes from a slave State, in which they are in
the habit of speaking of the laboring classes in
the northern States as "greasy mechanics," " fil-
thy operatives," "small-fisted farmers," and they
jeer at us as worse than the slaves. This insult-
ing language can be, and is, used in the free States
without molestation or injury. Yet they say, " if
you come here and utter the sentiments which
you sincerely believe, we will hang you."
If a mechanic from a free State goes there and
utters the sentiment that he thinks—if they had
more.white laborers and fewer black ones, that
labor in the South would be more respectable—
what do you do with him ? Denude him, scourge
him, and, to intensify the indignity, you drive the
knotted throng, by the hand of a slave, deep in
his quivering flesh; then tar and feather him; and
then put him on the cars, still naked, to be sent a
long distance, and threaten with violence the man
who has the compassion to give him a cup of cof-
fee. And, finally, after being jeered at every sta-
tion along the route, this victim of your cruelty, a
frcecitizcn, crawls into a stable and begs, stealthily
begs, the cast-off clothes of an ostler to hide his
nakedness. You drive away young ladies that
go to teach school; imprison or exile preachers
of the Gospel; and pay your debts by raising the
mad-dog cry of abolition against the agents of
your creditors.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The meanest slave in the
South is your superior. [Cries of " Order I" from
the Republican side.]
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I hope gentlemen
from the South will let him talk as he pleases; but
go away and not listen to him.
A Member, on the Republican side. Well, go.
" Stand not on the order of yourgoing, but goat
once."
Mr.LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I say I claim
the privilege of going anywhere and everywhere
within the limits of this American Republic, as a
free citizen, unmolested, and of uttering, in an or-
derly and legal way, any sentiment that I choose to
uttter; and, yet,are we allowed to do it? Are we,
for that, in these United Siates, to be subjected to
violence, outrage, tar and feathers, burning, im-
prisonment, and the gallows? Answer that ques-
tion. I know gentlemen say that self-preservation
is the first law of nature; but if you cannot keep
slavery and allow free discussion, then I say, in
God's name, before free discussion and all the
rights of free citizens arc to be sacrificed to that
Moloch of slavery, that Moloch must be immolated
at the shrine ofliberty, free speech, free discussion,
and all those rights that cluster around an Ameri-
can citizen.
Why, Mr. Chairman, a citizen Of Rome, when
the scourge was already upraised, and about to
fall upon him, if he uttered the cry, "I am a
Roman citizen," it arrested that scourge. Well,
sir, is not there more of a charm, is it not a proud-
er position to be an American than to be a Ro-
man citizen? And are we in the nineteenth century,
living under this Constitution, with our free in-
stitutions—are our persons and our rights to be
less sacred than they were under the old Roman
administration eighteen centuries ago and more?
That is my response to the question why I rec-
ommendeathe circulation of the Helper book.
