206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. of Reps.
Now, what about John Brown? [Cries of
"Let's have it!"] This affair of John Brown
brings us to the reality of things. This raid con-
fronts us with slavery, and makes us ask, is
slaveholding right? ana if so, what rights has it?
When the curtain rose and startled the nation
with this tragedy, John Brown lay there like
a wounded lion with his head upon his paws,
a saber cut on his brow, bayonet gashes in his
side, the blood oozing out, and life itself appar-
ently ebbingfast; around were certain little speci-
mens of the canine species, snuffing and smelling,
and finally one of them yelped out: " Mr. Lion,
was the old war-horse that pastured on the West-
ern Reserve with you on thisexpedition?" The
lion slowly raised his head, cast a disdainful side
glance upon the inquirer, growled out a contempt-
uous negative, and reposed his head as before.
In regard to John Brown, you want me to curse
him. I will not curse John Brown. You want
me to pour out execrations upon the head of old
Ossawatomie. Though all the slaveholding Ba-
laks in the country fill their houses with silver and
proffer it, I will not curse John Brown. Idohon-
estly condemn what hedid, from my standpoint,
and with my convictions I disapprove of his ac-
tion, that is true; but I believe that his purpose
was a good one; that so far as his own motives
before God were concerned, they were honestand
truthful; and no one can deny that he stands head
and shoulders above any other character that ap-
peared on the stage in that tragedy from beginning
to end; from the time he entered the armory there
to the time when he was strangled by Governor
" Fussation." [General laughter.]
He was not guilty of murder or treason. He
did unquestionably violate the statute against aid-
ing slaves to escape; but no blood was shed, ex-
cept by the panic-stricken multitude, till Stevens
was fired upon while waving a llag of truce. The
only murder was that of Thompson, who was
snatched from the heroic protection of a woman,
and riddled with balls at the railroad bridge. Des-
potism has seldom sacrificed three nobler victims
than Brown, Stevens, and Hazhtt.
As I remarked, Mr. Chairman, this brings us
to confront slavery, and ask what right this Cali-
ban lias upon earth} I say no right. My honest
conviction—and I do not know why gentlemen
need take offense; they need not unless they
choose—my honest conviction is, that all these
slaveholding laws have the same moral power and
force that rules among pirates have for the distri-
bution of their booty, that regulations among rob-
bers have for the division of their spoils; and
although I do not believe gentlemen have behaved
very handsomely to me, I am going to add, not-
withstanding, that I do not moan to say that gen-
tlemen who are slaveholders would bo. guilty of
those particular tilings—that is not the point—I
am talking about this matter in the court of con-
science, in the court of right and wrong; and I
insist that any laws for enslaving men have just
the same moral force as the arrangement among
robbers and pirates for distributing their spoils,
1 want to know by what right you can come
and make me a slave? I want to know by what
right you can say that my child shall be your
slave? I want to know by what right you say
that the mother shall not have her child, given to
her from God through the martyrdom of mater-
nity > Hear that soft exquisite warble of a moth-
er's love:
"I^rc last year's sun had left the sky,
A birdling sought my Indian nest,
And folded, oil1, so lovingly,
Its tiny wings upon m> bieast."
Now where is the wrctch who would dare to go
up and take that fluttering and panting birdling
from the bosom of its mother, and say, " It is
mine; I will sell it like a calf; I will sell it like a
pis:What right had that mother to her babe?
Was it because she was " Fanny Forrester," the
' gifted authoress; was it because she was the wife
of a venerable and venerated missionary? No, it
was because she was its mother; and every slave
mother has just as good a title to her babo as
" Funny Forrester" had to lieis. No laws can
make it right to rob her. I say, in God's name,
my child is mine; and yet 1 have no right to
mine that a slave father ha>s nof to his child. Not
a particle. The same argument that proves my
right to my personal liberty, proves the right of
every human being to his. The argument that
proves my right to my children, gives the same
title, the same sacred claim to every father. They,
as I, get it from their God, and no human en-
actment can annul the claim. No, sir, never!
Therefore, every slave has a right to his freedom,
in spite of your slave laws. Every slave has a
right to run away, in spite of your slave laws.
I tell you, Mr. Chairman, and I tell you all,
that if I were a slave, and had I the power, and
were it necessary to achieve my freedom, I would
not hesitate to fill up and bridge over the chasm
that yawns between the hell of slavery and the
heaven of freedom with the carcasses of the slain.
Give me my freedom. Hands off. Unthrottle
that man. Give him his liberty. Ho is entitled
to it from his God. With these views, I do not
think, of course, it is any harm to help away a
slave. I told you that a year ago. I need not re-
peat it.
A Member. You steal them.
Who steals, when a man comes and takes my
child from my hearthstone? Who steals, when
he comes and takes the babe, flesh of my flesh,
and bone of my bone? Who steals? I tell you
that I have no more hesitation in helping a fugi-
tive slave than I have in snatching a lamb from
the jaws of a wolf, or disengaging an infantfcfrom
the talons of an eagle. Not a bit. Long enough
has the nation crouched and cowered in the pres-
ence of this stupendous wrong. Here and now
I break the spell,and disenchant theRepublic lrom
the incantation of this accursed sorccress. It is
simply a question whether it will pay to go down
into the deri where the wolf is. [Laughter.] If
you would only go into your lair, and crunch the
bones and tear the flesh of your victims, wo might
let you alone; but you will not. Yon claim the
right to go with this flesh in your teeth all over
our Territories. We deny it.
My time is passing; I must go on. I wanted
to say considerable more about John Brown.
Mr.ADRAlN. I propose that we give the gen-
tleman more time.
0 Mr. LOVEJOY. I will answer all questions if
the House will give me more time. [Cries of
" No ! no !" " Give linn time !" &e.]
Mr. SINGLETON. No, sir; any gentleman
shall have time, but not such a mean, despicable
wretch as that!
Mr. LOVEJOY. When the Jews could not do
anything else, they spit upon Christ, and said he
was possessed of adevil. [Laughter.] One of the
earliestsettlementsof Virginia was made by a fugi-
tive slave. John Smith was captured in war, and
sold to a high-toned, chivalrous Turk, and put at
the task of threshing. The master rode up to the
barn-door one day, and said, " Jack, you rascal,
why don't you thresh faster?" Jack—horresco
rcfcrens—flew at his master, killed him with his
flail, (oh,for a Harper's Ferry committee!) sprang
into the vacant saddle and escaped, and came and
settled Jamestown. Oh for a South-side preacher
to admonish John to stay and serve his master,
whose money he was, like a good ''Christian
dog!"
A moment, sir. Letus look at this question aside
from its moral aspects. And I want to know what
right slavery, or a slaveholder, has to go with
slaves into the common Territories of the United
States ? You talk about the equality oft he States,
and I grant it. The citizens of a slave State have
all the rights in the Territories that a citizen of a
free State has. You have the right, I concede, to
go into the common Territories and live there with
any kind of property we can take, but you have
not the right to take slaves. This is the distinc-
tion I make.
At a liberal estimate there are not more than two
millions of people in the United States interested
m slave labor. There are only four hundred
thousand slaveholders. There are thirty millions I
of people in this country. There arc twenty-eight j
millions interested in the system of free labor, :
and two millions in that of slave labor. The j
free system accommodates some eight millions j
in the slave States better than the slave system.
Here is the point. If slavery goes into the Terrijj^
tories, free labor cannot go ther^.
The presence of slavery without any local law j
for the purpose is the exclusion of free labor. If !
you take slavery there, I cannot go there with the
New York Tribune, the Evening Post, the Inde-
pendent, or any similar paper, religious or secu-
lar. I cannot go with the minister I desire to hear
preach the gospel. Free schools cannot go there.
You say, indeed, we can go. Yes; so all may go
to a public house. It is common to all who choose
to make it their temporary abode. All are invited •
to the table d'hote. The landlord opens the doors of
the dining hall and says, "Walk in gentlemen;"
but if a man sitting there is leprous, dripping with
a contagious disease, no one will go in. It is really
as much an exclusion as if the doors were closed
andbarred against his entrance. So if slavery goes,
freedom cannot go. I favor the equality of the
States. I favor the right of every citizen of a slave
State to go into the Territories; but I deny that
he has the right to practice slaveholding there, for
it is not an institution—it was never instituted;
never established by law—but a practice like po-
lygamy. I say that they have not a right to go
there and practice this high crime, so injurious to
man and so offensive to Ged. And tins is the
question: whether these tweuty-eight million peo-
ple shall be accommodated, or two million people
shall be accommodated; for, I repeat, the presence
of slavery is the utter exclusion of free labor and
the institutions of freedom. I deny no one their
rights. The slave States are equal to the free
States. It is a poor, pitiful, and paltry patriotism
that cannot take in the entire extent of its country;
but I do deny that slavery has the same right as
freedom in this country. Freedom is the Isaac;
freedom is the heir of promise. Slavery is the
Ilagar and Ishmacl, and they must go into the
wilderness, and freedom shall* have the entire in-
heritance. GoS and the fathers gave it to freedom
and free institutions. It belongs to freedom—not
to me; not to the citizens of the free States, but
to freedom, to the utter exclusion of slaveholding.
Now, gentlemen, I know you are in a mood to
take a little advice. [Laughter.] I tell you IJove
you all. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. McQ/UEEN. 1 utterly repudiate your love.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Sinners did that of Christ;
but he loved them still. [Laughter.]
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I do not think he loves you
much.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I am afraid that I am not
much like him. He went, however, and preached
to the spirits in prison; and I think I never approx-
imated so nearly to him as in this regard, while
making proclamation of the holy evangel of God
to sinners in this House. I tell you of the slave
States that you must emancipate your slaves. It
belongs to you, and not to us. "You must trans-
form them from slaves into serfs, and give them
homes, and protect and guard the sanctity of the
family. We shall not push you. If you say
that you want a quarter of a century, you can
have it; if you want half a century, you can have
it. But I insist that this system must ultimately
be extinguished. There is no question about it.
You who advocate the perpetuity of slavery are
like a set of madcaps, who should place them-
selves on the top of an iceberg which had disen-
gaged itself from the frozen regions of the north,
and begun to float downward, and downward,
through the warm climates. The sun shines, and
melts it; the soft winds blow on and melt it; the
rains descend and melt it; the water ripples round
it and melts it; and then these wild visionaries,
who fancied they could sail an iceberg through
the tropics, start up, and blaspheme sunshine and
nun and zephyr; and, mouthing the heavens, tell
Jehovah that unless he-stops the shining of the
sun, and the blowing of the winds, and the falling
of the rain, they will crumble his universe " from
tur-r-et to foundation stone." [Great laughter.]
Do you not think God would feel bad: and; would
not the archangels tremble at the chivalry ? [Re-
newed laughter.J You may call this extravagant;
but you can no more perpetuate slavery, and will
no more dissolve this Union, in older to perpetuate
it, than you can stop the shining of the sun, or
the ripple of the sea, the descent of rain, or the
blowing of the wind; ay, no more than you can
subdue the ocean, when it lashes itself into fury
and dashes its crested mountain billows against
the rocks, it is as preposterous to think of taking
slavery down through the civilization of the ages
as it is to think of floating an iceberg through the
