1648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11.
very willing to bring that before the Senate. The
reason was, that dispatches which left here yes-
terday evening would be in time forthe pony ex-
press, which does not leave until Friday. I want
it to be known in California, within nine days of
this time, as {twill be if we pass the bill now, that
the Senate hefiracted favorably on the proposition
to establish a semi-weekiy mail on the very route
where the pony express is running, and going
from the Missouri river to the Sierra Nevada in
eight days. The Senator must recollect that,
weeks ago, when I gave notice, day after day,
that on a particular Saturday I would call up this
very question of the overland mails to the Pacific
coast, the Senator was one of the causes of our
losing that day for its consideration. His State
and my own arc deeply interested in this ques-
tion. It is our duty to bring it before the Senate
for consideration at an early day; because, if we
establish an overland system, we must do it in a
very short time or it will be utterly impossible to
mature and bring it forward. I am the last man
to interpose anything in the way of the conveni-
ence of members of this body. I had not the
most remote idea that the Senator was going to
leave here to-day or to-morrow. If I had, I should
have brought up this measure days ago. I have
been anxious to dispose of it. It is a matter of
such consequence to the people of California, that
I dare not, if I wished to do so, postpone it; but
I leave it to the Senate to say whether it shall go
over for the convenience of any one Senator.
Mr. RICE. I hope the Senate will not consider
this bill to-day. I have some few reasons to offer.
The House of Representatives passed a bill pro-
viding for an overland mail to the Pacific. That
bill came to the Senate, and was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The
committee, after having given it due considera-
tion, reported it back with amendments. One of
those amendments provided for a northern Pacific
rail route from St. Paul, Minnesota, and from Su-
perior, Wisconsin, to Puget Sound. The bill,
as amended with that provision in it, was reported
to the Senate by the Senator from California.
There was not a member of the committee who
objected to that provision; it met with no oppo-
sition; but they were not united in regard to some
of the provisions relative to the central, and per-
haps the southern route. "We had, I think,upon
those provisions as to the central and southern
routes, two informal meetings of the committee;
but the result was, that the bill, as amended by the
committee, was reported back to the Senate by
the Senator from California. When I asked the
chairman of the committee to show me a draft of
the bill, he had handed it to the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, that it might be published in the papers;
and the New York and other papers, containing
the substance of the amended bill, have been scat-
tered by this time, throughout the entire United
States.
The regular day of the meeting of our commit-
tee is Thursday. I came into the Senate yester-
day a few moments past twelve o'clock, and I was
informed that the committee had had a meeting
yesterday morning. I had received no notice of
it. Upon inquiry I am satisfied, however,that a
notice was written the day before; I found it here
yesterday on my table. *!Those who were present
at this special meeting of the committee—three
being absent—authorized the Senator from Cali-
fornia to report another bill, leaving out the north-
ern route entirely, not even alluding to it. I think,
as I am attentive to my duties, not only in the
Senate, but before the committees, the courtesy,
at least, should have been extended to me, of a
notification that they contemplated this action be-
fore they consummated it. I am not disposed to
complain; but I will say that 1 was taken very
muenby surprise. Why the northern route should
havetJeen stricken out, I do not know; and I in-
tend to resist, to the utmost of my power, the pas-
sage of the bill which was reported yesterday; and
I move now that it be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, that it
may there be duly and properly considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present mo-
tion is to take up the bill. The motion to recom-
mit will be in order when the bill shall be taken up.
Mr. RICE. Very well; I shall then make the
motion.
Mr. HALE. As I feel some responsibility in
this matter—being upon the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads—and as I was pres-
ent when leave was given to the Senator from
California to report the bill which he now moves
to take up, I want to state, so that the Senate can
govern themselves by what little light I have, how
the matter stands. I am free to confess that, since
I have been "a. member of the Senate, I have never
been so embarrassed to know what to do as I
have been with this overland mail service. It has
haunted me wherever I have been, in the Senate
and out of it, for weeks. The House passed a
bill and sent it to the Senate. It was referred to
our committee. The honorable Senator from Cal-
ifornia then gave notice of an intended amend-
ment that he proposed to offer. In conjunction
with some friends who felt an interest in the mat-
ter, and who made me their organ—for I knew but
very little about it—a bill was prepared and put
into my hands, with a suggestion tnat that would
meet the views of a great many gentlemen who
were interested, and probably a majority of this
House, and I gave notice that I would offer that
amendment. Subsequently, I think, the Senator
from California gave notice that he would offer
still another amendment. The committee have
had various meetings—regular meetings and extra
meetings—for the purpose of agreeing upon a gen-
eral system for this overland mail service, which
they feel to be of vast importance; but after con-
sulting with a great many gentlemen, it was found
that the committee were unable to agree to any
general system which should cover the whole
ground; and they have not yet been able to agree.
At length it was suggested that this middle route,
which is substantially a route from St. Louis to
San Francisco by Salt Lake, was the one upon
which a majority of the committee pretty gener-
ally concurred. There were some differences as
to the details of the service; but the Senator from
California, urging the very deep interest which
the people of his State felt in the matter, and the
consideration that upon that route there was very
little, ifany, difference of opinion, it was suggested
that that route might be detached from the others,
and a bill for it reported to the Senate this morn-
ing. That is exactly the way the thing stands.
The honorable Senator from Minnesota was not
present at the time; but I certainly can assure
him, so far as I know my own feelings, and as I
understood the committee, that there was not the
slightest disposition to slaughter him, or his peo-
ple, or his route. His route shall have my vote
m committee and in the Senate; but it was agreed
to allow the Senator fiom California to leportthis
bill, on accountof the great interest the people of
his State felt in this routu, antl to leave the north-
ern route untouched, and the southern route also.
We have not yet been able to agree on the details
as to fhe scrvice upon the southern route.
While I am up, I will say that I believe, if it
were not for the Butterfield contract, which, I
think, was one of the most improvident pieces of
legislation and execution that was ever done by
the Government, (though I know the Senator from
Californiadoes notagree with me there,) we could
get a perfect system of overland mail service, cov-
ering the route advocated by the Senator from
Minnesota; covering the central route by Salt
Lake, which would satisfy the people of Califor-
nia; and the southern route, a portion of which is
now run by the Butterfield company. If that con-
tract was out of the way, we could get all the ser-
vice that all the country in any quarter asks, for
an expense not exceeding $1,600,000 u year, giv-
ing a daily mail by Salt Lake, fiom St. Louis to
San Francisco,in twenty days. But, sir, the But-
terfield contract, in my humble judgment, stands
in the way; and according to the opinion of At-
torney General Black, we have got to pay,for four
or five years longer, $000,000 a year to this com-
pany for a service that, in my judgment, is not
worth the snap of a finger, because we can get a
better service, and accommodate the country bet-
ter without it than with it; but so long as that
Butterfield route, which runs across the country
in the shape of an ox-bow, beginning up at St.
Louis, and then running down to the thirty-sec-
ond parallel, and then up—so long as that exists,
this difficulty will meet us.
My own impression is, that the Butterfield con-
tract should be treated as everything else that
stands in the way of the public service; it should
be made to give way to the public necessity; and
if that was out of the way, I think we could frame
a bill in fifteen minutes that would give us all the
service that we desire daily across the continent
on three routes, to wit: the Puget Sound route,
•advocated by the Senator from Minnesota; the
Salt Lake route, advocated by the Senator from
California; and the southern route, a portion of
which is now run on the Butterfield contract. But
this Butterfield contract stands in the way. This
matter was brought before the Senate at the last
Congress, and the Senate, by a deliberate vote
upon discussion, decided that it was subject to
legislative interference and control. The Attorney
General has decided differently; and there the
matter stands.
Now, sir, without pledging myself one way or
the other to any vote on this question, I' have
made this statement simply that the Senate may
understand exactly where we stand. We agreed
to report this route, because it is the one where
there was the least difference of opinion, and where
in fact there was no substantial difference of opin-
ion, and those of us who were present thought it
was not exactly fair to embarrass the route advo-
cated by the Senator from California by attaching
to it, and connecting with it, these disputed and
controverted routes; and that inasmuch as he
asked that, and the southern route was discon-
nected with it, it was but fair to disconnect the
northern route also, and let this route stand on its
own merits. This is just exactly where the case
now stands.
Mr. GWIN. I will ask the Senator from New
Hampshire, before he takes his seat, whether it
was not at his own suggestion that this route was
left isolated, and both the northern and southern
routes left oft*? I ask him whether I was not in
favor of bringingup the route of the Senator from
Minnesota, and if he did not suggest that it was
better to leave this line by itself, because the com-
mittee agreed entirely as to that, and to bring up
those other routes subsequently?
Mr. HALE. I have no concealment to make
about that. When the committee decided that we
would disconnect this route of the Senator from
California from the southern route, I then sug-
gested, as a matter of equal justice, that it should
be disconnected from the northern also, and stand
on its own merits.
Mr. GWIN*. Mr. President, the Senator from
Minnesota knows as well as any man in the Sen-
ate that I have always been in favor of his route;
that I reported in favor of it and sustained it a
year a§o; that I sustained it in commtttee this
year; and that he was notified to attend the meet-
ing of the committee yesterday morning, as he
acknowledges, though lie did not receive the noti-
fication in time. The committee did not know
he had not received it; I at least did not know
that. The bill is reported in its present shape not
because there is any opposition to the northern
route, but because the pressing necessity for that
route is not so great as for the one across the con-
tinent, which is to carry the great mails to the
Pacific coast. This bill provides for carrying the
whole mail—all the printed matter, newspapers as
well as letters—semi-weekly within twenty days
for a consideration that reduces the expenditure
of transporting the mail there to more than a mil-
lion dollars less than it was last year. No measure
of more importance can be brought forward.
There was no hostility to the route of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota; and he is unjust to the com-
mittee when he charges that they took a snap-
judgment on him in regard to the matter. It was
not so intended. The bill which the committee
reported on that subject is now on the files of the
Senate; and this is an original bill, brought in un-
der instructions from the Legislature of California,
so as not to embarrass the bill on the Calendar, in
which he is interested as well as myself; but dis-
incumbenng this route, in favor of which the
whole committee were unanimous, from ques-
tions which might prevent immediate action on
it. This bill was not reported from any hostility
to his route, or any disposition to embarrass the
bill that was before reported, and is now on the
Calendar, to be called up whenever it can be con-
sidered. As far as I am concerned, I intend to
do my duty by all these routes. I want to sus-
tain them. I want to establish an overland sys-
tem from the north to the south, so that we shall
carry our whole entire mail on these routes.
This central route is indispensable, and without
it the system must fail.
