1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
to, to be located in a body, in conformity with the legal
subdivisions of the piiblic lands, and after the same shall
have been surveyed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the person apply-
ing for the benefit of this act shall, upon application to the
register of the land office in which he or she is about to
make such entry, make affidavit before the said register
that he or she is the head of a family, and is actually settled
on the quarter section proposed to be entered, and that such
application is made for his oriier exclusive use and benefit,
and those specially mentioned in this act, whose names
shall bs specified m the affidavit, and not either directly or
indirectly for the use or benefit of any other person or per-
sons whomsoever; and that he or she has never aw any
previous time had the benefit of this act; and upon making
the affidavit as above required, and filing the sain«' with the
register, he or she shall thereupon be peimittcd to enter the
quantity of land already specified : Provided, however, That
noeeitificate shall be given, or patent issued therefor, until
the expiration of five years from the date of such entry ;
and if, at the expiration of such time, the poison making
such entry, or, if he be dead, his widow, or, in case of her
death, his heirs or devisee, or, in casu of a widow making
such entry, her heirs or devisee, in case of her death, shall
prove by two credible witnesses that he, siie, or they, have
continued toieside upon and cultivate said land, for the
term of five years, and still reside upon the same, and have
not alienated the same or any part thereof; then, in such
case, he, she, or they, upon the payment of twelve and one
halt cents per acre for the quantity entered, shall be enti-
tled to a patent, as in other cases provided forJ>y law: Jind
provided further, In case of the death of both father and
mother, leaving an infant child orchildien under twenty-
one years of age, the right and the fee shall inure to the
benefit of said infant child or children, and the executor,
administrator, or guardian, may, at any time within two
years after the death of the surviving parent, and m accord-
ance with the laws of the State in which euch chikhcn for
the time being have their domicil,seil said land for the ben-
efit of said infants, but for no other purpose; and the pui-
chaser shall acqtine the absolute title by the purchase, and
be entitled to a patent from the United States, upon pay-
ment to the proper officer of twelve and one halt cents per
acte of the purchase money.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the registerof the
land office shall note all such applications on the tract books
and plat* of his office, and keep a register oi all such entries,
and make return thcieof to the General Land Office, to-
gether with the proof upon which they have been founded.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no laud acquned
under the provisions of this act bhall, in any event, bee vine
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts prior lo the
issuing of the patent therefor.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That if, at any time
after filing the affidavit, a-s requlied in tiie second section
of this act, and bt'fnrc the expiration of the five years afoie-
said, it shall be pioved, after due notice to the settler, to
the satisfaction of the icglncr of the land office, th.u the
person having filed such affidavit shall have swoin falsely
in any particular, or shall have actually changed lua or her
residence, or abandoned the said entiyfor inoic than«six
months at any time, or contracted to sell or transfer his
right under the entry, then, and in either of those event*,
the register shall vacate the entry, and the land so entered
shall revert to the Government, and be disposed of as other
public lands are now l>y law, subject to an appeal to the
General Land Office.
Sr<\ 6. And be it further enacted. That if any person,
now or hereafter a resident of any one of the HtatK or Tei-
ritories, and not a citizen of the United State*, but at the
time ol making Mich application foi tin; benefit of tin* act
shall have filed, or shall lile, a declaration of intention, as
rcquirctW>y the naturalization laws of the Tinted States,
and shall become a citizen of the same before the issuance
of the patent, as provided for in this act, such person shall
be placed upon an equal fooling with the uativc-boix citi-
zens of the United States-.
Si:e. 7. Andbeit further enacted, Thatnoindividual •-hall
be permitted to make more than one entry under the pio-
visions of this act; and that the Comim.isionct of the Gen-
eral Land Office is heiehy requiied to prep*ue and i^sue
such rules and lobulations, consistent with this act, as shall
be necessary and proper to carry it* provisions into efiect;
and that the regi&ters and receiver.-' of the several land of-
fices shall be entitled to receive the same compensation for
any lands patented under the provisions of this act as they
aic now entitled to receive when the same quantity of land
is entered with money, to be paid by the party to whom the
patent shall he issued : Provided, however, That all persons
entering land under the provisions of tin* act shall, m mak-
ing such entries, be confmcd to Kcetions designated by odd
numbers, and to land subject to puvatc entry", and that the
even section? shall be subject to entry at prices double
those now fixed by cxMhik laws, unless by actual bona
fide settlers: And provided fuither, That nothing in this
act shall be so constiued a* to impair oi interfere in any
manner whatever with the existing p«tvri;plion, donation,
or giaduation laws, or with lands icvived fiom enti} at a
pike not less than $2 .">0 per acre by existing laws.
Sec. 8. And be it further cnaited, That all settieis upon
lands which have not heietofore been offered for public
sale, and which have been sm veyed, upon filing tlieir decla-
ratory statements, as now rcquned by law, shall have two
ycais tiom the date of settlement within which to piove up,
pay for, and enter their tiacts : Provided, Thev do not c.v-
occd one hundred and si.xty acres.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That in the ease of all
settlers upon unsurvcycd lands, who, after the lands shall
be survej ed. may file their declaratory statements, as now
icquircd by law, they shall have two yeais fioin the receipt
of the plats at the pioper district office, ftitlun which to
prove up, pay for, and enter a> aforesaid : Presided, That
no preemption under the provisions of this act shall be
allowed unless at lea-t three months bona fide actual con-
tinued rc-idence and settlement upon the land fiom the
date of settlement shall be ptoved according to law.
Sec. 10. And be ?£further enacted, That in regard to all
lands which have been or may hereafter bo surveyed, it
shall be the duty of the President to order the same into
market by public proclamation, within two years from the
reception of the approved plats of survey for the same at
the General Land Ofllce : Provided, That such proclama-
tions shall in no wise affect or be construed to embrace any
lands which the President or the proper department may
have ordered to be reserved for any purpose.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That if any person
shall be guilty of willful and corrupt swearing m making
any affidavit to procure the benefit of this act, such person,
on conviction, shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall
be punished by fine not to exceed five hundred dollars, and
by imprisonment in the jail or penitentiary for a period not
less than one nor more than five years.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act shall be so construed as to prevent any person who has
availed himself or herself of the benefit of the second sec-
tion of this act from paying the minimum Government price
for the quantity of land so entered at any time bctoic the cx-
piiation of theYive years, and obtain a patent therefor from
the Government, as in other cases made and provided for
by law.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that this amend-
ment is moved by the Senator from Tennessee as
a substitute for the House bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is to take
the place of the amendment, offered by the com-
mittee originally, in lieu of the House bill.
Mr. BROWN. What I want to know is this:
after this amendment shall have been voted upon,
if it shall be lost, will it then be in order for me
again to move my amendment to the onginal bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair). The Chair understands it will
be in order for the Senator to offer his amend-
ment, if that amendment shall be voted down.
It is now in order for the Senator from Tennessee
to offer the amendment just road, and it is also in
order for the Senator from Mississipftf to move
his amendment to that, if he chooses to do ko.
Mr. BROWN. I am willing to see the vote
first taken on this amendment, without embarras-
sing it by my proposition; but if this is lost, 1
shall then oiler mine to the original proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President,
when I came here, at the beginning of this session,
it was not my intention to speak upon the home-
stead proposition; I had spoken again and again
upon it in years gone by, and thei'c is very little
new that 1 can now say on the subject; but since
it has been introduced in the Senate during the
present session the debate and the direction of
the measure seem to be somewhat strange; and
especially the direction that the discussion took
yesterday. On account of this, I feel it to bo in-
cumbent on me to say a few words in reference to
the hnmrsioad, and the position that some Sena-
tors occupy on tlu-question. It has been, I think,
somewhat remarkable, that, since the discussion
came up on this subject during the present ses-
sion, Tennessee should be singled out as the object
of attack, and her Senators particularly, in con-
nection with this subject. There has been an
unwarrantable and uncalled-for attempt made to
associate this measure, and the position of Ten-
nessee upon it, with certain principles that are
advocated in the country with whicn she has no
sympathy.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] yes-
terday seemed to be enlightened—at least he so
stated—upon listening to the speech of the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.] He said that
Senator had shed a flood of light on this subject;
that he had given a phase to this question that
was peculiarly interesting, and one which the
country would understand. He repeated that the
Senator from Wisconsin had shed a flood of light
on the subject; thereby meaning, I presume, the
connection or the association of the slavery ques-
tion with the homestead proposition. I confess
that on the one hand 1 was gratified, while on the
other, I was extremely mortified. I was gratified
to hear the Senator from Virginia—who has on
one or two occasions assumed, as it were, to be
the custodian of the interests and policy of the
State of Tennessee—confess, for once at least since
I have been m the Senate, that he had had a flood
of light shed on his mind; for I do not think any
other occasion has presented itselfwhen he would
have made the acknowledgment. I incline to
think that Tennessee can now, as she has in times
gone by, either in the councils of the nation or in
the battle-field, take care of her own interest,
without calling- upon the Senator from Virginia
to do it.
We have been driven round and round upon
the slavery question; round and round the giddy
circle of slavery agitation we have gone, until our
heads are reeling a1nd our stomachs are sick, and
almost heaving. The agitation of the slavery
question seems to be a subject that is always to
be introduced here, I care not what is before the
Senate. While I was gratified, as I remarked, to
hear the Senator from Virginia—who speaks in
oracular language when he does speak, as if all
should not only hear, but obey him—on the other
hand I was mortified when I heard the speech
made yesterday by the Senator from "Wisconsin,
connecting and involving this with the slavery
question. I think they hare no connection, and
they should be kept separate and distinct. As I
remarked on a former occasion, I look on the
homestead proposition as rising above all party
or sectional questions. I look upon this measure
as one in conformity with the Constitution of the
United States; in conformity with the genius and
spirit of the Governmen; a measure carrying out
the great objects for which the public lands were
acquired, i look upon it, besides, as coming up
to that great idea of philanthropy and Christianity
which is enjoined upon us all in our legislative,
as well as in our private capacity.
But yesterday the Senator from "Wisconsin must
involve in this discussion the negro question; and
then, in reply, the Senator from Virginia must
give us a dissertation on the same subject,admin-
ister a rebuke to the State of Tennessee, and as-
sume to know where she stood, and what her
opinions and her doctrines were. Sir, she has
never disguised her opinions or her doctrines, and
she does not disguise them now. It really seems
to me that if some member of this body was to
introduce the ten commandments for considera-
tion, and they were to receive consideration and
discussion, somebody would find a negro m thom
somewhere; the slavery agitation would come up.
The chances are, that if they were introduced by
a northern man, lie would argue that they had a
tendency to diminish the area of slavery, to pre-
vent the increase of the slave population, and in
the end perhaps to abolish slavery; while on the
other hand, if some Senator from the South was
to introduce the Lord's prayer, somebody would
see a negro in it somewhere. It would be argued
just as the question might be presented—either
upon the ten commandments or the Lord's prayer
—that the result would be a tendency to promote
and advance slavery, on the one hand, or on the
other, to diminish or abolish it. Is it not time
that the legislation of the country was directed
to something else, and that some other tilings
were considered ? I do believe that the country,
North and South, is becoming sick and tired of
the constant agitation of the slavery question, to
the exclusion of all others; and I do trust and
hope, in God's holy name, that there is a public
judgment and public spirit in the country that will
rise above this agitation, and the purposes for
which it has been kept up.
But the Senator from Virginia informed us that
he had had a flood of light shed on him. I re-
peat that I was highly gratified to hear him say
so, and I recur to it now more from the fact of
being gratified at it than anything else. lie seemed
to rise and come forward into the discussion with
that kind of renewed energy, information, and
light that Paul had when he was traveling from
Jerusalem to Damascus, and was struck blind with
the refulgence of light thrown on his mind; but
Paul inquired of the Lord what he would have
him to do. "Whether the conduct of the Senator
from "Wisconsin has had the same influence on the
Senator from Virginia, 1 will not undertake to
say ; but if it was improper and dangerous to as-
sociate the homestead measure with Black Repub-
licanism, as it is commonly called, or the Itepub-
lican party, I will say—for I do not use the term
! in derision —would it not really be dangerous and
;; objectionable to receive a flood of light from a
1; Republican ? One of that party has shed light on
this occasion, as the Senator from Virginia ad-
mits. Will the Senator receive light from such a
source
But when we come to examine the homestead
proposition, where do we start with it? I want
the Senator's attention. "We start with it in 179],
under the administration of General "Washington,
and I think he was from the Old Dominion. In
1791, the first homestead proposition was intro-
duced, and, in the language of the law, it was
enacted:
" That four hundred acres of land be given to eaoh of
