THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
ticular branch of order as to any other. It is true,
the language was general, hut I thought sufficiently
comprehensive, to embrace this as well as every
other matter of order. I think that the admission
of persons who are not entitled to the privileges
of the floor, is as much a, breach of decorum as
any other disorder would be. I believe if the
Clerk would refer to the language of those reso-
lutions he certainly would ascertain that it includes
the attainment of the object now sought, and
would arrive at the conviction that it was his duty
to see that persons improperly admitted into the
Hall be excluded, under that resolution.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask, if the
resolution proposed by the gentleman from Louis-
iana has been objected to ?.
The CLERK. It has.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then it cannot be ad-
mitted. I move that there be a call of the House.
The CLERIC, That motion is already pend-
ing.
Mr. KILLINGER. I will withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a question of order.
Under the existing orders of the House, the Door-
keeper has power to exclude from the floor of the
House all persons not entitled to admission under
the 17th rule of the last House. It is clear that
he has that power, or he has no power at all.
Every person in these galleries, and every one in
the city, may enter here at pleasure unless he has
that power. I therefore raise the point of order
that, under the existingrulc or order of the House,
it is the duty of the Doorkeeper to exclude all
persons not entitled to admission under the I7th
rule; and I ask a decision of the Clerk on that
point of order.
The CLERK. The House will perceive that
the resolutions adopted on motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] to which the
fentloman from Yirginia refers as conferring suf-
cient authority upon the Doorkeeper to clear the
Hall of such persons as are not entitled to its
privileges, do not refer to the Doorkeeper at all,
and give him no power at all.
_ .Mr. GARNETT. The point of order I raise
is, that tlie Doorkeeper has this power, or that he
has no power at all. Otherwise, how can it be
that the Clerk can enforce order as if he were
Speaker? It is impossible. It must be obvious to
every one that there must be some power to pro;
tcct us in our deliberations. It is impossible to
deliberate in this state of things. "VVe are not a
House of Representatives, but a mob; and it would
be much more becoming in us to adjourn than to
submit to this disorder.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to make this sugges-
tion to my friend from Virginia as well as to my
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] that there
seems to be a doubt as to the construction of the
resolution. I would, therefore, suggest that the
resolution be put in some shape like this;
That the Doorkeeper lie instructed to cxeeutc tlie former
ordei of the IIuusc by excluding all peisons not entitled to
the privileges of the flail.
Mr. GARNETT. What duty has the Door-
keeper to perform, unless he can exclude persons
who are not entitled to admission to this Hall?
What do wo pay him for?
Mr. STANTON. But I understand there is a
difference of opinion as to the construction of the
order which wc have passed. What I propose is,
that the Doorkeeper be required to execute that
order of the House by excluding from the Hall
all persons who are not entitled to admission under
the 17th rule of the Thirty-Fifth Congress. I pro-
pose the adoption of that resolution.
The question was put; and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 now insist on the mo-
tion for a call of the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I would suggest that the
order we have just passed be, by unanimous con-
sent, so amended as not to include the ladies who
are already upon the floor.
The CLERK submitted the question to the
House whether there was unanimous consent to
the proposition; and, amidst much confusion, de-
clared that he heard none.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to gentlemen upon the floor of the House who are
not members of the House, and who are not en-
titled to the privileges of the floor under the 17th
rule of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, that by the vote
of the House it has been made the duty of the
Doorkeeper to notify them of that fact. They
are respectfully but earnestly requested to Comply
with the order of the House.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I ask for the reading of
the 17th rule of the Thirty-Fifth Congress. No-
body knows what it is.
The 17th rule was read, as follows:
" 17. No person except members of tlie Senate, their Sec-
retary, heads of Departments, the President's Private Sec-
retary, the Governor for the time being of any State, and
the Judges of the Supreme Court of the United States,
shall be admitted within the Hail of the House of Repre-
sentatives."
The CLERK was about to proceed to call th8
roll.
Mr. REAGAN. I shall object to any further
proceedings, until the order of the House has
been executed.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. ASHMORE. If that rule is to be enforced
in part, it must be enforced in whole. The doors
ana passages are crowded with ladies who would
like to procure scats on the floor, or at least a po-
sition where they can see what is going on. While
I yield to no man in this House in gallantry, while
I have as profound a respect for the opposite sex
as any man here, yet, if the wives and daughters
of some of the members and Senators here are to
occupy seats in this Hall, I shall insist that all
shall be entitled to the same privilege. [A voice;
" That is right!"] The Hall must be either cleared
entirely, or 1 shall insist that other ladies shall be
admitted who are standing now at the doors as
outsiders.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that the
ladies in the Hall were by unanimous consent
excluded from the operation of the resolution.
Mr. GARNETT. Not at all. I objected dis-
tinctly.
Mr. ASHMORE. I certainly did not \mder-
stand unanimous consent to have been given to
any such proposition.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think it was the
understanding that the ladies should not be ex-
cluded.
Mr. FARNSW0RT1I. I think the understand-
ing on this side of the House was that the ladies
wlio are now present should not be excluded.
Mr. GARNETT. I rose in my place and ob-
jected to any exception to the rule. I think it my
duty to do so, so far as I am concerned in my
representative capacity. This Hall is for the Rep-
resentatives of the nation, and for no other persons
whatever. I beg pardon, sir, of the House, for
using that word nation.
The CLERK. In the confusion that exists,
the Clerk heard no objection made, or it would
have been entertained.
Mr. KEITT. Then I insist that it comes too
late.
Mr. ASHMORE. The objection came from
various quarters of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The resolution, sir,
could not have been passed if that exception had
not been understood.
Mr. ASHMORE. A member from Tennessee
objected again and again.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What is the busi-
ness before the House ?
The CLERK. A call of the House had been
ordered. A question of order has been raised,
however, in reference to the order of the House
just adopted.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman from Texas
insisted thatthat order of the House should be ex-
ecuted before the transaction of any other busi-
ness.
Mr. REAGAN. And I insist upon it now.
The CLERK. The Clerk was proceeding to
state what is the condition of the question before
the House. The gentleman from Mississippi
moved that there be a call of the House, and the
motion was agreed to. Objection was made to
proceeding with that call until the order of the
House that the Doorkeeper execute the 17th
rule of the House of Representatives, passed
during the Thirty-Fifth Congress, had been car-
ried into full effect. A question was then raised
as to who were excluded under that rule. The
proposition was made upon the left of the Chair,
that the ladies now present for to-day be not
included under that order of the House. The
Clerk stated to the House that if there was no
objection, it would be considered the consent that
they should be permitted to remain upon the floor.
During the confusion that prevailed, the Clerk did
not hear any objection made at the time, but he
' is informed by others around him that several
fentlemen upon the right of the Chair did object,
f so, then they are entitled to the benefit of that
objection.
Mr. GROW. I suppose that it is not intended
to include in the order of exclusion gentlemen who
have officiated as Chaplains during the last or the
present Congress, whether the rule would techni-
cally exclude them or not. I do not believe that
the House wants to exclude them.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Mr. Clerk, I
rise to a question of order; that all this debate is
out of order. The presumption is that the officers
of the House will exccute the order of the House.
And we must pass now to the execution of the
order that there be a call of the House. I submit
that this discussion is entirely out of order. I hope
that the call will be proceeded with. The officers
of the House, upon the construction givento the
17th rule, will execute the order of the House.
Mr. GROW. Of course that does not exclude
the Chaplains who have officiated at the last, and
during the present Congress. [Cries from the Re-
publican benches of " Call the roll!" "Call the
roll!"]
Mr. REAGAN. Whatever may be done in
reference to ladies now upon the floor, I think, in
justice, that if any ladies are admitted all ought to
be admitted. There are. however, a number of
gentlemen upon the floor who are not entitled to
be here. I hope the order will be rigidly enforced.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to the gentleman that,under that order, the door-
keepers of the House have been ordered to enforce
it rigidly.
Mr. ASHMORE. That has not been done.
The CLERK. That is no fault of the Clerk.
Mr. GARNETT. It is not mine, that the order
of the House has not been executed. I object to
the roll being called until the Doorkeeper reports
that he has executed the order of the House.
Mr. 'STEWART, of Maryland. I insist on
my point of order. The House has ordered a
call. I hold that the objection of the gentleman
from Virginia is out of order. Unless the Clerk
rules it so, this debate maybe interminable. How
can wc wait to see whether the officers havo or
have not executed the order of the House ? How
is the fact to be ascertained that the officers of the
House have executed the order of the House ?
Mr. GARNETT. I am not debating the ques-
tion; the gentleman is debating it. [Cries from
the Republican and Democratic benches of "Call
the roll!"] I insist, sir, that the order of the
House be executed before we proceed to any other
business.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that the House has ordered
that there be a call of the House, and that he
knows of no rule by which he has power to ar-
rest a call of the House upon the demand of a
member, or in any way except by a motion to
adjourn or by a privileged question. [Cries of
" Call the roll!" " Call the roll!" from the Re-
publican benches.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object to a call of the
roll until the order of the House has been exe-
cuted.
Mr. ASHMORE. I move to suspend further
proceedings under the call of the House until the
Hall isclcared. Let the Clerk turn his eyes around
the Hall for one moment, and see whether or not
the order of the House has been executed; whether
the 17th rule has been carried out? The officers
of the House have gone around this Hall again
and again to enforce the rule, and to clear out those
not entitled to be upon the floor, and they have
been put at defiance in the face of every member
present. Is this order? Is this the action of a
deliberative body? Is this the action of a digni-
fied, a respectable body of men ? I insist that the
Clerk shall have an eye to what is going on around
him, and look whether the order of the House has
been enforced. It was adopted but a few mo-
ments ago. It is his duty to have it enforced. We
are here a mob, and nothing but a mob. If you
intend to enforce the order in part only, say so.
If the officers of the House are to enforce it in
