208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. 05? Keps.
ing to do with the right of suffrage in the several
States. To a certain extent that is true, but not
to every extent. We have the right, so far as af-
fects the common interest of the Confederacy, to
demand that none but citizens of the country,
native or naturalized under the laws of Congfess,
shall be permitted to participate, directly or indi-
rectly, in the conduct of the General Government.
Indeed, I think we may go further.
Let me put a case aboutwhich I think there will
be no question. Suppose the Territory of New
Mexico, for instance, should apply for admission
as a State, with a constitution limiting the right
of suffrage exclusively to persons of Spanish ori-
fin and of genuine Castilian blood: what would
e the effect of such a provision? It would be not
only to establish an aristocracy, but indirectly to
establish an order of nobility. Will anybody pre-
tend for a moment that we could not inquire into
a provision of that kind, and prevent the admis-
sion of the Territory coming to us with sucli a pro-
vision in her constitution ? The case of conferring
the right of suffrage upon an alien enemy,"a sav-
age, a Pagan, a Hindoo, or a Hottentot, will
readily occur. The framers of the Constitution
obviously intended that Congress should have the
sole power of determining who should be citizens
of the Confederacy, permitted to take part in its
government.
I do not propose to reargue this question. I
argued it in my humble way upon the Oregon bill
at the last session of .Congress; and I do not de-
sire at this time either to repeat the argument or
to amplify the position I then assumed. I will
merely call the attention of the House to the sup-
port accorded to the Representatives from Tcnr
nessee who were then upon this floor in opposi-
tion to the Democratic party; to the response
which their action on this subject received from
their political friends at home. They met in State
convention at Nashville, on the 29th of March,
1859, directly after the adjournment of the last ses-
sion of Congress. I will send to the Clerk's table
and ask to have read the sixth section of the plat-
form adopted by them upon that occasion.
The Clerk read, as follo%vs:
"That wo are in favor of a reasonable extension of the
period of probation now pi scribed for the naturalization of
foreigners, and a more rigid enfoieement of the huv upon
that subject; the piohibirion of the unmiguition of fotcign
paupcra and criminal*; and the prevention of all foreiguera
not naturalized from voting at elections."
Mr. MAYNARD. " And the prevention of all
foreigners, nof naturalized, from, voting at elec-
tions." That, sir, was one of the positions on
which the Opposition party of Tennessee went
before the people last summer, and on which seven
out of the ten of her Representatives were returned
to this House. *
Without going into this question, or arguing it
further, 1 will call the attention of the House to
the provisions of the Kansas constitution, to show
that it is obnoxious to the same objection as the
constitutions of Minnesota and Oregon.
Mr. NIBLACK. "Will the-gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. MAYriARD. Certainly, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. Permit me to inquire of the
gentleman whether Tennessee, at one time, did
not permit negroes to vote?
Mr. MAYNARD. She did up to the year 1834.
Mr. NIBLACK. Why,then, attempt to debar
other States from regulating their suffrage, when
Tennessee has done as the gentleman has stated?
Mr. MAYNARD. The fact that Tennessee,
in anticipation of the Dred Scott decision, struck
that obnoxious and odious provision from her
constitution, I think ought not, certainly at this
late day, to be brought up in judgment against
her, or any of her Representatives. She found
out, in advance of the Supreme Court, that ne-
groes were npt citizens, and treated them accord-
ingly.
Mr. NIBLACK. The fact that Tennessee did
permit negroes to vote is a recognition of the
principle that the States have the right to adjust
this question each for itself.
Mr. MAYNARD. By no means. It is evi-
dence that her people formerly supposed free
negroes to be citizens within the meaning of the
Federal Constitution. But this opinion she long
ago abandoned. I find, in the eleventh section
of the act passed by the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas, providing for the formation of a consti-
tution for State government, the qualifications of
Eersons entitled to vote in the several elections,
tet me call your attention to it:
(< That all white male citizcns of the United States, and
all those who shall have declared, on oath, their intention to
become such" * * * * «wito shall be over the
age of twenty-one years, and who shall have been bona
fide inhabitants of the Territory of Kansas for the -period
of sicc months next preceding each of the respective elec-
tions^ provided for by this act," * * * * "shall
be entitled to vote at the several elections," &c.
Such were the parties entitled to vote—aliens
who had been in the country but six months, pro-
vided they had declared on oath somewhere, and
to someltody, their intention to become citizens.
What else ?
" That any person having the qualifications of an elector
aforesaid, shall be eligible to become a delegate to the con-
vention provided for by this act."
So it is a legal possibility that this constitution,
now presented to us, was framed by a convention
which had not amongst its members a single citi-
zen of the United States, either native or natural-
ized.
Let us look at their handiwork—the constitu-
tion itself.
The fifth article upon the subject of " suffrage,"
provides as follows:
" Every white male person"— •
Negroes, it seems, are not favorites in Kan-
sas, although they may be with her friends else-
where—
" Every white male person of twenty-one years and up-
wards, belonging to either of the following classes—who
shall have resided m Kansas six months next pieced ing any
election, and in the township or waul in whieh he oilers to
vote at least thirty days next preceding such election—shall
be deemed a qualified elector: First, citizens ot the United
States; second, persons of foreign birth who shall have de-
clared their intention to become citizens, conformably to
the laws of the United State# on the subject of naturaliza-
tion."
So that members of Congress, who are to be
chosen by electors having the same qualifications
as arc requisite foi electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature, may be chosen
by aliens in six months after their landing in the
country, and, of course, before they shall be natu-
ralized as citizens. Looking at the qualifications
required for members of the Legislature, we find
that—
" No person shall be a member of the Legislature who is
not at the time of election a qualified votei ot, and a iesi-
dent m, the county oi- district lrom which he is elected.1'
Hence it appears that aliens unnaturalized may
be representatives in the Legislature of Kansas,
and, by virtue of their position, send represent-
atives of the State to tnc Senate of the United
States. What I say is this: that if the period of
probation of a foreigner, before his naturalization,
is too long, if six months' residence is sufficient,
then change your naturalization laws. If it is
right to admit them to citizenship the moment
they land upon our shores, change your rule, and
make them citizens at once; clothc them with the
character of our nationality; administer to them
the oath of fealty to the Constitution, so that you
have the power over them to punish them for
treason, should they be guilty of that crime; so
that you have the highest obligation you can im-
pose upon their conscience to be true and loyal
to your country and her interests.
I do not propose to consume any further time
upon this question, knowing, as I do, that a large
number of gentlemen upon the one (the Demo-
cratic) side of the Chamber are, by their previous
congressional action, committed against the prin-
ciple, and believing, as 1 must, that the principle
has very little weight with gentlemen upon the
other (the Republican) side.
I heard it suggested during the last Congress,
when we were passing upon the application of Min-
nesota and Oregon—may I hope the suggestions
was not true? I certainly will not vouch for it—that
our friends upon this (the Democratic) side of the
Hall were very much influenced in their action, if
not in their judgment, by the fact that upon the
admission of those respective States, there stood
ready a Democratic delegation to take their seats
in both Houses of Congress. I hope that none
acted upon that consideration. I am not prepared
to assert that they did, but certainly if they did,
they have been most woefully disappointed. Min-
nesota now has a Republican representation in this
House, and in the Senate her delegation is neu-
tralized by the opposite politics of her Senators;
while in Oregon the Democratic gentleman now
representing that State upon this floor is here
barely by "the skin of his teeth, with a majority,
if I mistake not, of less than fifty, and one'of her
places in the Senate is ominously vacant.
If any such consideration now presents itself to
gentlemen upon the other (the Republican) side,
if they propose to admit Kansas for the purpose
of any present partisan advantage, either in con-
gressional or presidential contests, let me suggest
that honesty in the long run is the best policy in
politics, as m everything else; that in the turn of
the wheel they may fare no better than their Dem-
ocratic opponents have done in the case of Min-
nesota.
But the great object I had in addressing the
House at this time, on this question, was to inter-
pose a plea in behalf of the Cherokee nation of In-
dians. There was a time when their rights were
very much regarded by this body; when the out-
rages alleged to have been jfcrpetrated upon them
furnished a theme for the highest style of elo-
quence. If you will refer to the history of that
tribe all along during the administration of Gen-
eral Jackson. you will find a full verification of my
remark. It happens to me to be a resident of the
territory which was formerly occupied by that
interesting tribe. By successive treaties, from
1785 down to the year 1835, they coded first one
portion, and then another portion, of their terri-
tory, until they finally abandoned the whole, and
went upon their mournful exodus beyond the
father of waters, and took up their residence on
the soil they now occupy. I need not tell vou,
Mr. Speaker—for these are things which have
passed before your own eyes, and within your
earlier recollection—that tins tribe of Indians is
peculiarly interesting in its history and its char-
acter; that it has numbered many of the most dis-
tinguished individuals of the race of red men.
There was, for example, George Guess, the
Cadmus of the western continent, who, unaided
and untaught, by the mere force of his individual
genius, invented letters, and instructed his people
in the art of writing—reducing to grammatical or-
der their language, said to be wonderful in its flex-
ibility, softer and more delicious than the Tuscan.
There are the Rosses, the Ridges, the Boudinots,
and many other men, who, if they had lived among
a mightier people, and had brought to bear their
talents, their ability, and their statesmanship on a
wider field of action, would have made no mean
figure in the history of the world.
As I have said, by the treaty of 1835, they
cedcd to the United States all that was left of their
territory on this side of the Mississippi. As soon
as that treaty was made, they commenced their
preparation for their long and last journey to the
West, to meet those of their tribe who had gone
before them, under the previous treaty of 1828.
It happened to me to visit the territory formerly
occupied By the Cherokee^ after the Indians had
left it, and before the white men had taken pos-
session of it. It was in the early spring, about
the time of the blossoming of the peach trees. I
found a deserted, an abandoned, a desolate coun-
try. The Indians had taken their movables; but
much of their wealth they had, of course, loft be-
hind. There were their farms, their houses, their
fields, their orchards; and
u One rose of the wilderness left on its stalk,
To mark where a garden had been."
They were a civilized people—not of the high-
est type of civilization, to be sure, but still they
had risen from a savage state to a civilized, and
had'been treated with by the United States as
su^h. It was indeed a goodly land—a land of
fountains and hills, of valleys and water-couises—
and I could well understand thegreat reluctance,
the despairing regret, with which they had left it;
and also the eagerness with which the white man
pressed upon it, as, according to the Delegate from
Kansas, he is pressing on the lands they occupy
now.
That exodus is a part of the history of the
country. We all recollect how the treatment of
the Indians by the people of Georgia was made
matter of grave accusation, not only against Geor-
gia, but against the Government of the United
