1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
part, say so. If that bo so, then I say throw ope 
the doors, and let the wives and daughters of otther
gentlemen come here, if the wives and daughters
of a few are permitted seats upon the floor against
the order of the House. [Applause in the galle-
ries.]
Mr. BURNETT. X rise to a question of order.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to state
to the gentleman from South Carolina that the
House has conferred no power upon him to clear
the floor. The matter is solely with the Door-
keeper, and one over which the Clerk of the House
has no control. [Cries from the Republican
benches of " Call the roll!" " Call the roll !"1
Mr. CURTIS. I hope that the roll will be
called.
Mr. GrARNETT. I insist on my objection,
until the order of the House is executed.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope that the ladies now
here will not bo excluded from the floor. If you
cxclude them now, you deprive them of any op-
portunity of witnessing the proceedings.
Mr. ASHMORE. It is their misfortune, and
not our fault.
Mr. 'GARNETT. I believe that we have a
duty to discharge here beyond gallantry. I think
it is proper to execute the rules of the House
strictly, impartially, and faithfully. I appeal to
the honorable gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, whether it is not the fair and honor-
able way to proceed to our business according to
the rules, without extending privileges to a few
persons ?
Mr. OLIN. I suggest that the rules of this
House have been repeatedly violated by those
who occupy the galleries; and yet, these gentle-
men who are now so persistent in having this rule
enforced, submitted patiently to those violations.
I submit that the action of this House is not likely
to be disturbed by the presence of those ladies
who may find admittance upon this floor.
Mr. K1LL1NGER. I insist that the rule which
has just been adopted shall be rigidly enforced,
and applied to the cloak-room and adjoining cham-
bers, which are now full of ladies. I insist that
they shall retire; the ladies who were upon the
floor having been turned out. [Loud cries of
" Order!"]
Mr. ASHMORE. That is right! that is right!
and we will vote with you to put them out.
Mr. HICKMAN. I suggest that the Door-
keeper ought hot to be required to perform an
impossible thing. It must strike, I think, every
gentleman who now witnesses the scene upon this
floor, that it would be perfectly useless for him to
attempt to exclude those who are not entitled to
seats here. I therefore make this suggestion: that
we should all withdraw from this Hall for the
space of five minutes, or less; that the floor of
this House should be cleared, so that the Door-
keeper may be able to discriminate between those
who are members of this House and those not
entitled to seats upon the floor. That is the only
way, it strikes me, in which the order of the
House can now, by any possibility, be complied
with. I ask that the question be submitted to the
House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I suggest an amend-
ment, that instead of members withdrawing five
minutes-, those who aie here without being en-
titled to theprivilegcs of the floor, shall withdraw.
Mr. HICKMAN. My proposition is, that all
now in the Hall withdraw.
Mr. KEITT. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the question.
Mr. BRIGGS. Mr. Clerk, there is no neces-
sity for the proposition of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that the members of this House
shall be required to withdraw from this Hall, for
the purpose of clearing the Hall of those persons
who have not the privileges of the Hall. If every
gentleman entitled to a seat, will take a scat, it is
clear that the officers of the House can easily dis-
tinguish between those who are and those who
arc not rightfully here. I am unwilling to turn
myself out of this Hall merely to enable the door-
keepers to discharge their duties. They already
know who are not privileged under the rules of this
House; and I, for one, never will eject myself
from this House under such a proposition as that
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I think the floor is
now pretty well cleared of strangers, and I think
it is strange, after a session of eight weeks, if the
doorkeepers do not yet know who are members
and who are not entitled to the privileges of the
floor. [Cries of "Call the roll!" all oyer the
House.]
THE SPEAKERSHIP AGAIN.
The roll was then called, when Messrs. Brown,
Clark B. Cochrane, and Stallworth, failed to
answer to their names.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I understand that the
gentlemen who had in charge a pair forMr. Clark
B. Cochrane report this morning that they have
no pair for him to-day. I desire, under that state
of facts, to make an appeal to my colleagues from
the city of New York, that they shall, among
themselves, provide us with a pair for Mr. Coch-
rane.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. We will
pair him with Mr. Stallworth, of Alabama.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I think that, under the
circumstances of the case, the gentleman from
North Carolina ought not to insist upon that—
that it is not exactly fair. I am now appealing
to my colleagues from New York city; and sub-
mit it to them to say whether it is "fair that wo
should pair Mr. Cochrane with Mr. Stall-
wortii. [Several voices" from the Democratic
side, "Why not?"] I will tell gentlemen why
not. I have appealed to my colleagues from the
city of New York, that they should give Mr.
Cochrane apairfrom their own number. Now,
Mr. Stallworth has not been here during the
session. Mr. Cochrane reported himself here
at the commencement of the session, but at an
early day returned home, and has been confined
by sickness frt>m that to the present time. The
last report I heard from him was, that he was
getting better. Now, for the reason why we
should not pair Mr. Cochrane with Mr. Stall-
worth. While 1 have been upon the floor of
this House, 1 believe, upon this side of the House,
a pair has always been granted to gentlemen upon
the other side, when any of their number has
been prevented by sickness from being here.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. The gentleman is
mistaken. 1 tried to pair Mr. Curry, but found
it impossible to do so, and we had to bring him
hero from a sick bed.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I stated that, while I had
been upon this floor, there had not been a case
where there had been an appeal to pair with any
gentleman upon that side that the appeal had not
been responded to; and I repeat it. What may
have happened while I was absent, I do not know.
I have granted that favor myself when gentlemen
on the other side have been sick, though they
might be able to be brought to this House, if
necessary. Some of my colleagues from New'
York city know that, when one of their number
[Mr. John Cochrane] was sick, and unable to
be brought here, and when my colleagues them-
selves were solicitous and uncertain as to what
might be the issue of the disease, a pair was granted
to him, although he could by no means have been
brought here to answer to his name, and when,
at the time, they did not know if he could possi-
bly recover from the disease then upon him. My
friends from New York city know that.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I desire to say a
word of explanation to the gentleman and to the
House in regard to my colleague, [Mr. Stall-
worth.] It is t#be that he has not taken his seat
here this session; but I had a letter from him
within the last ten day s, in which he gives me the
assurance of his physician that he will be able to
be here within a week from this time. His health
was fast improving. The same information is
given in the public prints.
I wish to state further that when an attempt
was made by me some days ago to procurc a pair
for my colleague, [Mr. Curry,] who was con-
fined to his room, I could not succeed. I went to
Mr. Curtis, Mr. Goocn, and a number of gen-
tlemen on that side, and they positively and per-
emptorily refused; and Mr. Curry was brought
from his sick chamber to this Ilall to answer to
his name. It was only after he had come here, to
the endangermcnt of his health and life, that the
proposition was acceded to. I bore a note to Mr.
Curtis from Mr. Curry himself. I think, there-
fore, that it comes with a bad grace from that side
of the House now to ask us to pair off with the
gentleman from New York, who is unable to come
here. If they wish, we will consent to have him
paired off with Mr. Stallworth.
Mr. COV0DE. I desire to say, with regard
to the case of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr,
Curry,] that I was the person applied fo to pro-
cure a pair for him. I went to work to contract
a pair, and as soon as I found one, in the person
of Mr. Kilgore, I went over and notified the
gentleman from Alabama of the fiict. Gentlemen
will recollect that Itold them I had a pair for Mr.
Currt. Meanwhile, Mr. Curry haa been sent(
for and brought to the House.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I think Mr. Ckrtis
will recollect that he positively refused a pair on
that side of the House. I. applied to Messrs.
Gooch and Dawes , of Massachusetts, and various
other gentlemen. The answer was that the pair
could not be had on that side of the Chamber.
Mr. CURTIS. In reply to the gentleman from
Alabama 
Mr. VAN WYCK. I -wished merely to appeal
to the gentlemen of the New York city delegation.
I will yield, however, to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Alabama
states, substantially, the facts in regard to Mr.
Curry. But I did, as I recollect myself, refer the
matter to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Covode,] to try to get a pair for Mr. Curry. My"
friend from Pennsylvania was patiently seeking
for a pair when Mr. Curry was brought in. Of
course, considerable time had elapsed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I desire to make
but one remark on this subject. [Noise and con-
fusion in the galleries.]
Mr. CURTIS. There is so much noise and
confusion in the galleries that the proceedings are
inaudible.
The CLERK endeavored to cnforce order in
.the galleries.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It will be recol-
lected that, at the commencement of the session,
when a proposition was made to pair off Mr.
Stallworth, it was then distinctly agreed, on
both sides of the House, that, if a gentleman was
absent from the city, and unable to be here, whether
from sickness or any other cause, or if he should
die, it would not be expected that a pair should
be obtained, and that it would not be asked for.
Now, all the pairing that has been had, has been
in the case of gentlemen who were in this city;
and who could, by possibility, be brought.
Wo have not asked, after that agreement, that
,Mr. Stallworth should be paired off with any-
body. Mr. Clark B. Cochrane is now in the
same position with Mr. Stallworth. He is ab-
sent from the city—is in the State of New York;
and his condition'is such that he cannot be brought
here. He is in no better condition, positively,
than if he were dead; and, if-report be true, he is,
to all legal intents and purposes, a dead man to-
day. We might just as well be asked to pair off
with a man who had died since the commencement
of the session, as to pair off with Mr. Cochrane.
It would be a direct violation of the understand-
ing—as I recollect it, and as the discussion at the
time will show—had at the commencement of the
session. Mr. Cochrane is, as I have said, out of
the city, and cannot be brought here; and, if he
were brought here, he would be incapable of per-
forming a legal act.
Mr. OLIN. Oh! no; that is an entire mistake.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That is the re-
port. I do not take your word for it. I state what
is the report in the newspapers.
Mr. VAN WYCK. That has been contra-
dicted in the newspapers over and over again.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. At all events,
Mr. Cochrane's is a case that comes within the
understanding entered into by both sides of the
House. It is not a case where a pair should be
made. The request is improper, and the grant-
ing of it on this side of the House would be equally
improper.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I did not propose to open
a discussion here as to an agreement made by the
House. I did not understand there was any such
agreement as the gentleman states. But I am not
here to discuss the propriety of it at all. I am
not here to discuss what has taken place here as
between members from other States in regard to the
courtesy of extending pairs to their own brethren.
I arose and stated, in the outset, that my purpose
was to make an appeal to my colleagues from the
city of New York. It was a case for their gener-
osity : a case where I thought they should extend
that liberality towards me, as a personal favor,
