1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
those persons who, in the year 1783, were heads of families
at Vmcennes, or tile Illinois country, or the Mississippi,
and who, since that time, have removed from one of the
said places to the other; but the Governor of the Territory
northwest of the Ohio is hereby directed to cause the same
to be laid ©ut for them at their own expense," &c.
That law makes use of the word " give," and
it received the approval of General Washington.
I think that is tolerably ^ood company. Tennes-
see is willing to be associated with Washington,
and especially upon homestead propositions.
That law was approved by the immortal Wash-
ington. I think he was aSout as great a man as
any of the modern lights; and so far as I am con-
cerned, I prefer following in the lead of the larger,
instead of what I consider the lesser, lights.
What next do we find on this subject? Mr. Jef-
ferson recommended, in one of his messages to
the Congress of the United States, the homestead
policy. In the administrations of Washington
and Jefferson, this policy was inaugurated by
this Government. I prefer to follow the lead and
to be associated with Washington and Jefferson,
than the lights that now shine from the Old Do-
minion. There are forty-four precedents of laws
approved and sanctioned by various Presidents,
running through every Administration, from
Thomas Jefferson down to the present time, carry-
ing out the same principle. Where did this pol-
icy have its origin? Where did it start? Its very
germ commenced with Virginia, and it has been
followed up and brought down to the present
time. But, without dwelling on all the cases, I
will refer to what was done in 1850. The fourth
section of "An act to create the ofiicc of surveyor
general of public lands in Oregon, and to provide
for the survey, and t® make donations to settlers
on the said public lands," approved in 1850, is in
these words:
"Sec. -1. Jini he it further enacted, That there shall be,
and hereby is, granted to every white settler or occupant
of the public lands, American half-breed Indians included,
above the age of eighteen years, being a citizen of the
United States, or having made a declaration according to
law oI his intention to become a citizen, or who shall
become a resident thereof on or before the 1st day of De-
cember, 1850, a$d who shall have resided upon and culti-
vated the same for four consecuuvc ycais, a?id who shall
otherwise eonfoim to the provisions of this act, the quan-
tity of one half section, or three hundred and twenty acres
of lan.1, if a single man, and if a married man, or if he shall
become married within one year fiom the 1-t day of De-
cember, 1850, the quantity of one section, or six hundred
and forty acres, one half to himself, and the other half to
his wife*, to be held by her in her owa light."—Statutes at
Large, vol. 9, p. 497.
There is a homestead bill. There is a grant of
six hundred and forty acres to a married man,
and three hundred and twenty acres to a single
man, not being the head of a family, but twenty-
one years of age. That was passed in 1850. I
should like to knowwhere the vigilantand watch-
ful. Senator from Virginia was when that law
passed. I presume that this flood of light had not
then been shed. He did not sec its bearings and
tendencies as he seems to undei stand and see them
now. How did the Senator vote upon that ques-
tion ? I suppose the Senator knows, for surely a
measure so important, and embracing principles
so sacred and vital,could not have passed through
this body without the Senator knowing how he
recorded his vote. Where was this faithful sen-
tinel that should have been standing upon the
watch-tower, and should have sounded the alarm
and aroused the people of the United States to the
dangerous inroads that were being made on their
rights and institutions? Where was he? Did he
speak ? Did he say " yea" or " nay," either by
speech ©r vote? No; but he sat with his arms
folded,and allowed this " infamous measure,"this
"agrarian measure," that was to work such dan-
gerous influences upon certain institutions of the
country, to pass without saying either yea or
nay.
Inhere was one homestead proposition passed
in 1850. Yesterday 1 quoted a law passed in 1854,
and it seemed to be a little difficult for Senators to
understand it. One Senator understood it one
way, and another understood it another. Some-
times it is a good plan to examine, and sec how
a thing is. One said that the law of 1854 was to
give homesteads in New Mexico; and if they
were given in New Mexico, and not in Kansas,
that would change the principle! Now, I should
like to know tbe difference in principle. But let
us sec how the thing stands. I read one section
from the act of 1850; and, before I could get to
read another section, the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Green] took the floor, and made an issue
with me; and then the Senator from Virginia re-
sumed the floor, and did not permit me to read
another section, and make it understood. The act
of 1854 is entitled '' An act to establish the offices
of surveyor general of New Mexico, Kansas, and
Nebraska, to grant donations to actual settlers
therein, and for other purposes." Well, what do
we find in the second section of that act?
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That, to every white
male citizen of the United States, or every white male above
the age of twenty-one years, who has declaied his inten-
tion to become a citizen, and who was residing in said Ter-
ritory prior to the 1st day of January, 1853, and who may
he stili residing there, there shall be, and hereby is, donated
one quarter seel ion, or one hundred and sixty acres of land.
And to eveiy white male citizen of the United States, or
every white male above the ago of twenty-one years, who
has "declared his intention to become a citizen, and who
shall have removed, or shall remove to and settle in said
Territory between the Ut day of January, 1653, and the 1st
day of January, 1858, there shall, in like manner, he do-
nated one quarter section, or one hundied and sixty acres,
on condition of actual settlement and cultivation for not
less than four years.Statutes at Latge, vol. 10, p. 308.
There is a clear and distinct grant; but the an-
swer was that it was not a homestead, because the
grant was made in New Mexico. Would there
be any difference, in principle, between holding
out inducements to go into New Mexico to free
homes, and holding out inducements io go any-
where else? What is the difference? Even in
regard to New Mexico, where there was a prospect
of slavery, here was a bill passed inviting settlers
to go into the Territory and take the land free;
and to carry out this very disastrous idea in refer-
ence to slavery that the Senator from Virginia
speaks of. And where was lie ? Yesterday, when
woreferred to it, the Journal was produced to show
that there was no vote taken on it; and the answer
to the principle and the inconsistency I was ex-
hibiting was, that " donated" was bad English,
as if thereby to escape from the inconsistency in
which the Senator was involved.
Mr. MASON. I think if the Senator heard me,
he will recollect that I said I did not remember
how I had voted upon that law, but the proba-
bility was that I had voted for it; but so far from
attempting to escape from any responsibility as to
my vote, 1 distinctly declared that it was a matter
of not the slightest consequence to me, so far as
that policy was concerned, how I voted, and that
I presumed 1 voted for it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Well, It is a
homestead proposition, embracing the precise
idea of this measure and going to a greater extent,
being more enlarged than the bill now under con-
sideration. The Senator sat by and permitted a
bill to pass, so obnoxious and so disastrous, as he
now says, especially in reference to the slavery
interest, and that, too, with his great literary qual-
ifications, when the bill not only established the
homestead policy, but he actually permitted it to
pass in bad grammar.
Mr. MASON. That was wrong, I admit.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. But let us
travel on a little further. That was in New Mex-
ico. Next we come right over into Kansas, now
in the midst of the Emigrant Aid Society, and see
how it operates when we get over into Kansas.
We find this is the law now providing for pre-
emptions there—I read from the same law which
I have just quoted:
"Sec. 12. Jindbc it further enacted, That all the lands to
which the Indian title has been, or shall be, extinguished
within s-aid Territories of Nebraska and Kansas, shall be
subject to the operations of the preemption act of 4th Sep-
tember, 1841, and under the conditions, restiielious, and
stipulations therein mentioned: Provided, however. That
where unsurveved lands are claimed by preemption, notice
of the specific tracts shall be filed within three months
after the survey ha* been made in the field," &e.—Statutes
at Large, vol. I0, p. 3LQ.
These acts were referred to by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Pugh] the other day. He was refer-
ring to them in the range of precedents, in the
speech that ho made on this subject vindicating
the measure against the objections that were made
both as to its expediency and constitutionality.
He referred to this as one of the precedents, and
made an argument (permit me to say here 111 pa-
renthesis) that cannot be answered. Some may
attempt, as some have attempted, to answer it;
but it cannot be answered. Why try to asso-
ciate the measure with prejudices that may exist
North or South ? If it is unconstitutional, come
up and meet iy>n constitutional'grounds. If it
is inexpedient and dangerous, show it .to be so.,,,
But here is a preemption granted, in Kansas,, and
when? In 1854, at the time of all the alarm, in.
reference to emigrant aid societies. Where-was
the vigilant, sleepless sentinel then? Where was
he who came forth with such power and eloquence'
yesterday, after receiving that new flood o£ light—
from a Republican source, too? -
In 1850 a homestead was granted. In 1854; ki
the midst of the excitement about emigrant aid
societies, an act was passed granting homesteads,
and preemptions to young men wher were not
heads of families. Anybody could go into Kan-
sas, and squat down upon land. Inducements
were held out for them to run in. Where wa3
this sentinel that has now become so alarmed, and
who wants to know how Tennessee can stand up
by such a proposition? Was he here, and did
not understand the measure ? Was he here un-
derstanding it, and standing upon the watch-tower
as the faithful sentinel, and did not sound the
alarm? Was ho here, and did not say to thoso
inside the citadel that the enemy was at the gate?
If he was, and knew it to be so, I ask why a'sen-'
tinel of that kind, entertaining the views lie does
in reference to this subject, when he saw such a
dangerous encroachment upon the institution pe-
culiar to the South, did not sound the alarm ? Fail-
ing to do so, knowing how the facts stand, he is.
no longer entitled to the confidence of those who
placed him here. If he was here, and had not sa-
gacity or acumen enough to see it, or if his mind
was not so constructed as to go from cause to
effect, and look a little, into the distance, and see
the operation of this preemption law; and if he
has not been enlightened until he has received
light from Republicans, his mind is dark, and not
to be trusted. A sentinel, standingon the watch-
tower, to have eyes and not see, cars and not
hoar, a tongue and not speak, deserves to be taken
down, and another put in his place. Sir, thinlc
of the mariner who is placed on deck, when he
descries in the distance the approaching storm,
or the man who is familiar with the forest, and
hears the roaring of the trees—an indication of
the whirlwind—and will be so listless, so indif-
ferent, as not to sound the alarm that danger is
approaching. I say lie is an unworthy and un-
faithful sentinel.
When the Senator talks about the representa-
tives of Tennessee, or Kentucky, or any other
States, I desire to know where he was when these
tilings were being done ? Did he vote ? It seems
some gentlemen thought yesterday that they got
him out of the diiemma, because he did not vote.
When a bill is before the Senate, and it- passed
and no objection is made, it is understood that it
receives the sanction of the body—it has at least
the tacit consent of all—and every member hero
is committed to the passage of the bill. If there
was all this danger, would it not have been the
duty of the Senator to rise in his place, sound the
alarm, call for the yeas and nays, and let the
country know where all parties stood ?
Then we see where the Senator stood in 1854,
and where he stood in 1850. Now, let us follow
this history a little further, and see where it will
carry us. What is the proposition now before
the Senate? It is to grant a homestead. It is
true the Senator from Missoui'i, [Mr. Green,]
became very learned the other day in reference to
the term " homestead," as though there was any-
thing in the christening of a child. The long and
the short of the bill, is, to grant a mail a home-
stead, embracing so many acres. That is the ob-
ject of it. I do not care whether you call it a
homestead or by any other name. The substance
is what wo want. It is a home, an abiding place
for a man, his wife and children; and I think if
we take the ordinary meaning, as given by our
lexicographers, " homestead "is the proper name.
It embraces the building and the inclosure about
it, which is commonly denominated a homestead.
As to the idea that it must be made perpetual,
there is nothing in it. Homesteads can be changed
as well as anything else. Then the bill provides
that men shall get homes at low rates, reasonable
prices; that it shall be placed in the power of every
one to get a home; and it is not to be taken out
of that which belongs to anybody else. There
was a homestead bill before the Senate in 1854
a time of great excitement and danger. T<S that
' bill Mr. Hunter, then and now a Senator from
