I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.209
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. .Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
States; and nowhere was there a louder note of
* indignation than in that portion of the country
whose Representatives are now so urgently press-
ing on us the importance of admitting Kansas
under her present constitution. Were you or
your fathers sincere then? I know that several
of the gentlemen who have addressed the House
on this subject have come into public life since
the date of those events, and cannot be supposed
to recollect much about them. But there are men
of bald heads, and of white hairs, who do recol-
lect, who do know, all about them. 1 ask them
whether they were sincere then? And if they
were, I appeal to them now, as honest and sincere
men, to listen to what I have to say in behalf of
these people.
Let me call attention to the treaties, the agree-
ments, the bargains, the guarantees, under which
they were induced to leave their beautiful homes,
their almost paradisiacal residence, so graphically
described in the pages of our national historian,
Mr. Bancroft. (Appendix 13.) I say, let us look
at the guarantees, the solemn pacts, the treaty
* obligations which this Government assumed to-
wards them before they were induced to leave
the land which had been the homes of their fath-
ers—back, back to a time whereof, literally, the
memory of man runs not to the contrary.
I will not weary the House by reference to all
the treaties that have been made between the
Cherokecs and the United States. They have
been numerous. But I will ask attention to a por-
tion of the eighth article of the treaty of 1828:
" The Cherokee nation, west of the Mississippi, having,
by their agreement, ireed themselves 1'tom the
find mniou.-s effects consequent on their location amidst the
white p.'opli;, and sceuied to themselves and then po>-
ti'i ity, under tho solemn sanction and Guarantee oi the Uni-
ted States-, as contained in that agi cement, a laige extent
of unmnbaudosed country,'' &.e.
That was the motive, the reason, which in-
duced those of the tribe who first removed to leave
the bones of their ancestors, and to seek a home
in the wild region of the West, so far removed at
that time that it was not supposed the wave of
our advancing civilization would be likely to dis-
turb them, much less to submerge them.
I invite the attention of gentlemen to the final
treaty of 1835; for I hope that, whatever may be
your prepossessions, you will not knowingly
lend yourselves to the commission of wrong, even
to a comparatively feeble tribe of Indians. In
the second article of that treaty, commonly known
as Schermerhorn's treaty, made at JSfew Eehota,
occurs this provision:
"And whereas it is apprehended by tho Cherokecs that
in the above cession theu' is not contained a sufficient
quantity of land lor the accommodation of the whole na-
tion 0'i their icmoval west of the Mi^sisMppi, the United
States, la consultation of the Mim of $'500,000, therefore
hereby covenant and aL'rcc to convoy to the said Indians, and
their descendant5:, by patent, in fee simple, the following
additional tract ot land, situated between the west line of
the Stat-: of Missouri and the Osa^c re.*eivation : begin-
jiin.iat the southeast corner of the same, and limning north
along the east line ot the Osage lands, IHty miles to tho north-
east corner thereof; and thence ca-t to the west line of the
State ol Missouri; thence with said line south fifty miles;
thence west to the place of beginning; estimated to contain
eight bundled thousand acie* of land ; but it i^ expressly
understood that if any of the lands aligned thcQuapaws
shall fill within the aforesaid hounds, the same shall be
reserved and excepted out of the lands above gianted, and
a -prorata reduction .-hall bo made in the priccto be allowed
to the United States for the same by the Cheiokeos."
These arc the " neutral lands" spoken of by the
Delegate from Kansas. By the fifth article of the
same treaty it is provided:
" The United States hereby covenant and agree that the
lands ceded to the Cherokee nation in tho loiegoins article
shall, in no luture time, without their consent, be included
within the terutonal limits or jurisdiction of any State or
Territory. But they shall secure to the Cherokee nation
the light, by their national councils, to make and cany into
effect all such law  as they may deem uecti^aiy (or the gov-
ernment and protection of the persons and pioperty within
their own countiy, belonging to their people or such per-
sons as have connected themselves with them: Provided
al't-ays, That thoy bhall not be inconsistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States and such acts of Congress as
have been, or may be, passed, legulating trade and inter-
eoutse with the Indiauo ; and also that they shall not be
considered as extending to such citizens and Army of the
United States as may travel or reside in the Indian country
by permission, aecoidmg to the laws and regulations estab-
lished by the government of the same."
Mark this language: " Shall not be included
within the territorial limits or jurisdiction of any
State or Territory, in all future time, without their
New Series—No. 14.
consent." What was the objcct of this people ?
It was that they should havd an opportunity, by
settling in the remote region of the West, to oc-
cupy a tract of country where they should not be
disturbed by the presence of the white man; where
they should not be liable to the annoyances and
vexatious, and the harassing legislation which had
troubled them in Tennessee and Georgia. You
remember these disturbances very well. Every
lover of music will remember, in connection with
the notes of " Sweet Home," the imprisonment
of its gifted composer—Howard Payne. You re-
member that even the missionaries of the cross
were forbidden to carry on their labors among
them. And, Mr. Speaker, it is a very significant
fact, showing how the times change, and we chango
with them, that the same body of Christian peo-
ple who sent Worcester and Butler as missiona-
ries to the Cherokee Indians, have, within the last
year, withdrawn their missionary labor from an-
other Indian tribe in the Southwest, for the sole
reason that the people of that tribe are the owners
and holders of slaves.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ? I want to know from
him how this constitution affects the Indians dif-
ferently from tho Lecompton constitution; and
whether he did not vote for the admission of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution?
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 will answer that ques-
tion; and when I come to answer it, I will clothe
myself in sackcloth, and cry peccavi! [Laughter.]
I believe I will answer it now.
A Voice. Now is the time.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, we have had
strifes and contentions over this hapless Terri-
tory; and they have been very bitter, and almost
without number. We have had constitution after
constitution pi clouted to us. First we had the
Topeka constitution; then the Lecompton consti-
tution; then we had the Crittenden-Montgomery
amendment; and then we hod the conference bill.
We fought them inch by inch. Gentlemen on
this (the Republican) side were eloquent in their
denunciations of Lecompton and the conference
bill. They were opposing it at every point; and
yet the rights of the red man were never heard of.
They were crowded out of view by the superior
rights of the black man. I never heard a caveat in
their behalf, except by a Senator from my own
State, [Mr. Bell,] upon tho passage of the ICan-
sas-Nebraska bill, and, if I am not mistaken, by
one of the Senators from Texas.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. (
Stanton,] I ask the chairman of the Committee
on Territories, [Mr. Grow,] I ask every member
on the other side of this Chamber, why was it
that you stood by here, and saw this Lecompton
constitution come in, without interposing for the
Indian's protection ? Was it that you could see
nothing but the negro ? Was it that the Indian
had losl all your sympathy ? Why was it, that
when you introduced your Crittenden-Montgom-
ery amendment, for which you all voted, you did
not even as much as whisper a word m behalf of
the rod man ? Has the Indian no lights—I will
not say natural rights, but rights guarantied and
secured—which white men are bound to respect? [|
I confess, and I confess it \ery frankly, that the jj
interference by Kansas with the rights of the Cher- !:
okee Indians was not known to me, and i did not"'!
even suspect it, until during tho present session of ii
Congress. Neither the Committee on Temtones. \ \
nor the Committee on Indian Affairs, who are es-
pecially charged with such questions, intimated
anything of tho kind. Had it come to my knowl-
edge, i should have offered the same amendment
to the Lecompton bill that I am about to offer to
this.
I was about remaiking when interrupted that
among the notable men of the times in *hich we
live, is John Ross, the Principal Chief of the Cher- !
okee Nation; a man who belongs to that class of |
noble and heroic characters, the founders of States ;
and the law-givers to an unsettled and rude pop- ;
ulation. Though long acquainted with him by j
reputation, though having for years known and I
admired his character, it never happened to me,
until within the last few weeks, to make his per-
sonal acquaintance; and it was then that I learned
for the first time—and to my surprise and indig-
nation—that the territory that is proposed to be
incorporated into the State of Kansas includes,
not merely these eight hundred thousand acres-of
" neutral lands" included in that part of the treaty
which I have read, but also a portion'of the other
lands belong to that nation. " Why," said he to
me, "it is just putting us in the same condition,
and renewing in our midst the same struggle and
strife that for years we had with the people of
Georgia, and to escape which wc removed to the
West."
But, asks my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Pendle-
ton,] arenotall the Indian tribes in the same con-
dition as the Cherokecs? No, no, no; they have
not all left their old hunting grounds; they have
not all abandoned the graves of their fathers, and
the lands where they hunted and roamed as the
Cherokecs have done, and they are not all, as the
Cherokecs are, a people entitled to be ranked with
the civilized tribes of the world.
After the Cherokecs had removed beyond the
Mississippi, wo all know, from the history of the
times, that the old controversy growing out of the
question of removal—a controversy which wosnot
only carried on by the chiefs, but went down to
the very humblest of the people—continued to work
its unhappy consequences in their Tiew home,
and resulted in a diminution of the numbers of
the tribe. But the first article of the treaty of
184G, to which I call the attention of the House
for a moment, provided that "all the lands now
occupied by the Cherokee nation shall be secured
to the whole Cherokee people for their common
use and benefit, and patents shall be issued for
the same." Since the ratification of that treaty
of 1846, harmony and quiet have prevailed among
them, and they have increased until they now
number, as I learn, something more than twenty-
five thousand; and live in the hope that the time
may not be far remote when they shall be admit-
ted as one of the members of this Confederacy.
Sir, the question, whether or not the red -man is
capable of the highest civilization, has never been
settled; possibly it never may he; certainly not if
the policy that is sought to be perpetuated by this
bill should obtain, and if he is to be overrun by
the white population—settlers who arc crowding
m upon him in defiance of his rights. These
rights have been warmly urged by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr Clark,] both in his repott
and in iiis speech. What says the Delegate from
Kansas? That the objection to the admission of
his Territory, based upon the rights of the In-
dians, is a mere technicality—a mere sticking in
the bark! A more striking illustration of the doc-
trine that might makes right, than was afforded
by this part of his speech, cannot well be con-
ceived.-
Having stated what I conceive to be the rights
of the Cherokecs, as guarantied by the treaties of
1828, 1835, and 1846, I will examine the provis-
ions of the bill, to see whether those rights are
invaded.
In the first section are defined the boundaries
of the proposed State of Kansas, which bound-
aries unquestionably include the eight hundred
thousand acres of " neutral land," as well as a
long, if not very wide, portion of the main reserva-
tion, or, rather, grant. Thus we propose directly
to violate oui treaty guarantee, by including within
the u territorial limits" of Kansas the veiy lands
that we pledged ourselves should never bo so in-
cluded, in all future time, without their consent.
Appended to the section is an illusory, a deceptive
proviso'! which I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Piovided, That nothing contained in the said constitution
respecting the botmdaiyofsaid State shall be construed to
impair the right-of person or pioperty now pertaining to
the Indians in said Tciritorv. so long as such rishts shall
remain unextinguished bv treaty between the United States
and such Indians, or to include any teriilory w hicii. by treaty
with such Indian tube, N not, without the consent'of said
tribe, to be included within the territorial limits or jurisdic-
tion of any State or Temtory ; but all such tciritorv shall be
excepted out of the boundarier, and constitute no part ot the
State of Kansas, until s-aid tube shall signify their absent to
the President of the United States to be included withm i>Did
Ptate, or to affect the authority of the Government of the
United State-* to make any regulation respecting ■ ucb In-
dians, then land;-, propcity, or other light-., by tieaty, law,
or otherwise, winch it would have been competent to make
ifthis act had never passed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, that proviso
can possibly have no effect to relieve these people
from th e inconvon ience o f being included within the
