210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
placc them in an altitude where they wou
forced to "ivo their "assent;" to tell them, i
territoriallimitsofono of the States. Theposition
was taken yesterday, by.thc gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. McClernand,] that the treaty would
be superior, and of course would be the paramount
law. Undoubtedly; but by the action of this bill,
ipso facto, the treaty is violated. The spirit, the
intent, the life of the treaty with the Chevokees
was, that they should have secured to them a per-
manent residence to all time; never to be brought
within the boundaries of any State; so that they
might not be subjected again to the troubles they
had felt by being within the limits of Georgia, and
so tempting the cupidity of her citizens or stimu-
lating her State pride to remove them as intruders
unwelcome within her borders. It is mockery for
us to say that the treaty is the supreme law, while
in the very act of violating it.
What aie we doing now? We first throw a State
line around the Indians, like the coil of a lasso,
and then, by this illusory proviso, declare that
they are not, m legal contemplation, included
within the designated limits of the State, and that
its jurisdiction is not to be exercised over them
until they shall "signify their assent." Gentle-
men here* very well know what that language
means. It means, to turn white men loose upon
them and make the country too hot for them; to
mild be
, as we
did in 1835, "Stand and deliver, or perish; "to remit
them to the Rami1 heritage of evil from which we
promised to proteet them when we induced them
to leave their ancient home in the East. If I did
not misunderstand the Delegate from Kansas,
already some seven hundred white families have
gone upon those " neutral lands," and taken up
their abode there.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the permis-
sion of the gentleman to call liis attention to a
letter from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
in retVrcnco to the encroachments that are being
mode upon those lauds. I ask the gentleman to
have the letter read. It is a short letter.
Mr. MAYNAIID. Very well; let it be read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Dl'l'AlU'MI NT OF TIIT" fviTRIOR,
Ofkk'i: Indi vv Ai f wus, Man h Kl, 1
Hrn Your communication, at lite mManec of a meeting
h"l.{ by J he seftleis upon the Cherokee neuttnl lands, in
Kauris Teiritoiy, beaimg date Felmiaiy'28, itftiO, lias been
received and duly considered by tins oilice.
It i; -lated, m your loiter above referied to, that the set-
tler-, in whose behali jou write, made their settlements
upon what was supposed at the tune to be the icservation
setupnt tor the New Yotlc Indians, and that they were not
aw.jie, tmhl leeent surveys, their locations weie upon the
Cheiokeelnnds. The excuse otleicd, in alegal point, is enti-
tled to hut little consideration. The Cheiokee lands, as well
n- the i\'ew Yoik tiact, weie alike secured to those tribe-,
onginallv by solemn lieaty obligations which should have
been Miilieu-nt to protect thou fiom ttcspass by all law-alnd-
ing citizen-. So iar fiom that, not only those two icserv-
anoiw, but almost every reservation in Kansas Teriitoiy,
liave been ctihci settled" or tH'spas-rd npon !)y the whites.
Tin , nidca-ed disregaid of law and ticaty stipulations m-
duced Cougic--i, on the l:2th dav of June, 1W, to pas*--an
additional act, uioie stringent, if po.-sible, than the mter-
course aet of 183-1, leqnirmg the Commissioner of Indian
Allans to remove all persons fiom any tubal Indian ie>ei-
valious who may be found tbeieon in violation of law.
Tins a,vt is to be found on page 332. United States Stat-
utes at Large, volume 11. Hence it will be perceived that
no discretion is left to me as to the course to he pursued
However much my sympathy may be invoked m behalf
of those who are regaided almost as my neighbors, still the
law is imperative, and must be obeyed.
Whether these lands arc needed (or the use of the Indi-
ans or not, fonns no eonsidciation lot delaying the execu-
tion of the law. It is unpleasant tome to occupy a position
antagonist to what the hatdy pioneer legards Jfe hit? legal
or equitable claims, or claims ba-od upon supposed rights ;
but they cannot expect me to deviate wheie both law and
otlieiiU duty comju.uid.
It is proper, aUo, that I should sav, that no tieafv with
the Cheiokees, tot the purchaseoMhe tract in question, is
anticipated. The Senate of the United States have mti-
niafed (hat no treaty involving the payment ot money ttoin
the Tiea«anv will receive the assent ot that body.
The laige'amount of vacant lands in Kansas and else-
wheie would seem to fully justify this determination. it
unnecessary for me to attempt to disguise th«* iat-t that
f should exceedingly regret a collision between the citizens
and the authorities of the United States, and sincerely hope
that the settlors upou the Indian lands will avoid so trieat
a calamity; but, as at present advised, unless they obev
the notice, the stiong arm of the Government will he em-
ployed to enforce it, however lonmdable they may be in
numbers.
Yours, respectfully, A. B. GREENWOOD,
Commissioner.
Ciiari.es W. Blair, Esq., Fort Scott, Kansas Territory.
Mr. MAYNARD. Take the facts there dis-
closed in connection with what was said last even-
ing by the Delegate from Kansas; turn then, if
you please, to that Indian people settled there,
with no protection or security but the guarantees
of our treaties, and I ask if they may not be well
alarmed, if they may not well be apprehensive of
a repetition of all the evils their race has evpr felt
in the presence of the white man ? Shall we, by
our legislation, put tl^e State of Kansas in a posi-
tion where any portion of her people will have an
inducement or a temptation or an opportunity to
invade the rights .of these Indians further than has
already been done, and then, in sheer mockery,
to provide that they shall not disturb them with-
out their assent? If they will surrender, not a
drop of blood shall be spilled; they accept your
faith, and you bury them alive. Is this the spirit
in which we keep our plighted troth in dealing
with an ancient friend, and a people powerless
to protect themselves against our aggressions?
It is well known, 1 suppose, that the Cherokees
are slaveholders. I understand there arc about
two thousand slaves belonging to the people of
the nation. Whether that is right or wrong is
a question upon which I shall, in this discussion,
express no opinion. How far this tribe are in-
debted for their civilization to the fact that they
have held an inferior race in subjection, is a ques-
tion which I shall not now consider. I confine my-
self to the fact that, under their laws, they hold this
species of property, and hold it under a guarantee
whieh we ought to respect. I will not stop to
inquire what will be their condition, what will be
the security to this property, when included within
the limits of the free State of Kansas. It is simply
a renewal of the old "border ruffian " quarrel. 1
submit whether it is right, whether it is just,
whether it is fair, to subject these inoffensive peo-
ple, at the hazard of their nascent civilization,
to the same strifes from which wc have ourselves
so recently escaped. In this view of the case—for
I do not wish to consume the time of the House
unnecessarily, and I am a\yare other gentlemen
desire to participate in the discussion—I will em-
brace this opportunity to make the motion that
House bill No. 23, for the admission of Kansas
into the Union, be recommitted to the Committee
on Temtones, with instructions to amend it by
limiting the boundaries, so as (o exclude all lands
belonging to the Cherokee nation of Indians.
Thus much I think gentlemen on tluu (the llc-
publican) side owe to themselves; they owe iMo
the American character; they owe it to this tribe
of Indians, weak and feeble though they are,
barely numbering thousands where we number
millions. Do not attempt to evade responsibility,
and to give repose to your conscience by compar-
ing your action with*that of the Democrats—by
showing that, if you have disregarded the rights of
(he Indians, so have your political antagonists.
This is not an issue between you and them; nor
yet between the North and the South. It is a
question of national honor—of public faith be-
tween the United States and the Cherokees. Ft
is not enough, when they complain, to say to them
that they were included in the provisions of the
Kansas and Nebraska bill. It is not enough to
tell them that they were embraced and not pro-
vided for within the limits of thcLccompton con-
stitution. That might do very well as an argu-
mtntum udhomhicm for the members of the House;
but it is no answer to the people who are to be
affected and oppressed by this legislation. .
[Here the hammer fell.]
APPHNUTX A.
The following is the portion of Mr. Zollieof-
fer's minority report, alluded to as expressing the
deliberately-considered views of the southern Op-
position in the last Congress, on the question of
alien suffrage:
"Theieis a single point in the constitution of Oregon
against which he e-cl> it his duty to entei his solemn p.o-
test- lie alludes to the clause allowmc unnatuiali/ed aliens
to vote for members of the Legi-ianite. fie icjratd-? this
eiau-e a*-1 violative of the fundamental pi met pie of the Con-
stitution of the Tinted States. It cannot be doubted that
such alien electors aie thcieby to bo regaided as at once
mtioduced as a component patt of the soveieign power con-
trolling the Federal Gotemmcnt. The} theiebv become,
according to all piaeticnl u--agc. electou "of Representatives
m Coma ess—electors of those'who choose United States
Senators, and hold the power to deteunine the electors of
President and Vice President of the United States. Thus,
to the body of aliens so introduced into the body-politic is -
given a dneet oi indnect power of cSntiol over every de-
partment of the Federal Government. This, he rcspcct-
tully but earnestly submits, is subvetsive of the very founda-
tion idea of the Government itself.
" The Constitution of the United State- was established
by the people or citizens of the United States for their ou.n
benefit, and that of those who aie to come after them, and
'not for the benefit ot nnnatuialized foieigncrs, owing no
allegiance to the Government, and not bound to defend n.
It was ratified by the States; and they are bound to observe
and respect its pnnciples. The fir*t clause in the Consti-
tution is the following deelasation :
"' We, the people of the United States, in order to foim
a moic perfect union, establish justice, in&ure domestic '
tranquillity, piovide for the common defense, and secure
the blessings of hbeity to ourselves and our posteiihj, do
oidain and establish this Constitution lor the United Stales
of America.7
"The undersigned would call attention to the words • the
people.' The Supreme Court, in the Dred Scott decision,
niteipietlns this clause of the Constitution, expressly de-
claies:
"' The woi Ja" the people of the United States'* and " cit-
izens" aie synonymous tenns, and mean the same thing.
They both desci ibe the political body who, accoi.lmg to our
republican institutions,foim the ^oveiei^nty, and vs ho hold
the power and conduct the Government thiough then lep-
lesentatives. They are what we laimliaily call the sover-
eign people ; and every citizen is one ol this people, and a
constituent membei of this <5overoigutv.'
"That is, the Constitution, where it says 'the people,'
means'the citizens,'and that4 eveiy citizen' is a 'con-
stituent member of the body-politic,'who ' loun the sov-
ereignty,1 ' hold the power and conduct the Government
thiough their Representative^' But doe-i this exclude ' un-
natmalized foreignerr> Unquestionably it doe-.. The
couit continues:
'The Constitution has cont'd red on Congte--s the u^ht
to e-tabh^h a uniloim mle ot n.uuialu'.ation, and this n ht
is evidently cxJusive, and ha-* ahva\ - been held by this
comt to be so. Consequently,no State since the adoption
of the Constitution can, liy natuialuinir an alien, invest
him with the rv\hi-> on-} pi ii sccureJ t) a atize.i of a
State wider the Federal Gorei nmenfSlc.
"Anain,&avs the court: 'Theword •• citizen*' excludes
unnatiuali/.ed foreigners, the latter lormnnr 110 patt of the
sovereignly, owm; it no allegiance, and aie thciofoie under
no ohlixaifom to defend itThe umlcisisnud believes, with
the Supreme Court, that the citizens ot the United States
are the bedv-politic, - the soveieigntv,' and that'unnatu-
lahzed loieujneis',' who foim no petit of the sovereignty,
owe it 110 allegiance, and are under 110 obiujalions todelend
it, cannot possibly be admitted to *hold thepowei and con-
duet the Government tbtouu'h their Uepiescntativo-e with-
out violence to ibe Constitution.
" lie believes with John C. Calhoun that 'alien' and
' citizen' are correlative teims, and stand 111 conuadisiinc-
tion Mo each olher ;* that * the effect of natuialization i> to
r-move alienage f that * ton-move alienage is sunph to put
the loieignei in the condition ot the native bom;' that
• whafvei dilierenee of opinion there may be a- to what
other nghts appeitani to a citizen, all must, at Iea^t, agree
that he has the naht of petition, and also to claim the pio-
tection ot his Government. These belong to him as ameni-
bci of the body-politic, and the po-^es-sion of them is what
sep'nates citizens of the lowest condition fiom aliens and
slaves. To suppo>e that a State can make an alien a citi-
zen of the Stale, or, to pie&cnt the question mote specifi-
cally, can confer upon him the 1 ight of voting, would in-
\olve the abMirdity of giving him a direct and imineJiute
control over Ike action of the General Government* fiom
u htch he hat no ii«htto claim the protection, and to which he
has 110 rizhtto present a petition.' (See speech in Senate,
April 3, 1H&2.)
If will be j>eeii that Mi. Calhoun held that the - ii ht of
voting' appeitains to citizenship The Supieme Comt
expressed the same sentiment 111 othei word^ ; that is, that
the citizens loimthe soveieignty,hold the power, and con-
duct the government. For the ught of voting is the power
to ' conduct the government.' Mr. Jefferson said, ' a re-
public' is ' a government by its citizens in mass,5 (see letter
to John Taylor;) and again, that 'the tine foundation of
republican government is the equal right of rrrry <it>zcn in
his person and propeitv, and m their managements (See
lettei to Mi. Keichcvaf.) These aie but vaiious furms tor
expressing the same fundamental principle. So general ban
become this concurrence of opinion among the most acci ed-
ited expoundeis of the Constitution, that Webstei, in his
dietionaiy,defines a ' citizen' to bo, 'in the United State*,
a peison, native or naturalized, who has the priulevp of
exercising fhc elective franchise* or the qualification^ which
enable bun to vote for rulers, and to ptu chase and hold iec.1
: estateel-ewheie he says 4 the ught to vote foi Governor,
; Senatois.and ilepieventatives, is a na;icli<-c enjoyed hv cit-
'■ iznit, and not belonging to ahetv>S Mr. .Madison -aid (-ee
The Fedeiah-t, p. 2-4*.) 'The dcfimiion of the unlit o;'mh-
I rage is veiy justly legatded a- a pi,id,:v,cat d article of re-
publican government. It \\ .1- incumbent on 1 lie convention-;,
theiefoie. to dehne and e-tahh-di this 1 i.rht in the Constitu-
tion." And this th>. v accoulmgly did 111 the second section
of the fust aiticle, as lollows :
"'The House of Representatives -hall he composed of
membeis chosen ever) second > ear by the people of the
s-e\eial State-; and flu1 elector- in each State shall have
the qualifications requisite for elector of the mo't nuinei-
ous branch ot the .State Legislatme.'
" ffeie the woid> • the p t^de' of the «eveinl States are,
as tiie Supreme Couif la-; deebued. cipnvalent to 'the
citizens of the seveial States, and theiefoie unquestionably
exclude all but citizens. The woid ' qualification*.,' in the
la-t clause of the section, excludes even a poition ol the
citizen-; such poition as may be excluded for want ot a
l'reehoklei, 01 otlier ' qualification icquifite' in the seveial
States. In some of them, at the tunc the Constitution was
framed, all citizens not possessing a i freehold' were ex-
