682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
that I had done toward them before. That was'
all I desired to do in addressing them upon this
subject. I did not put myself in the position of
being accountable for anything that might be said
by gentlemen from other States, with all due re-
spect to whatever may have been said by other
gentlemen upon the subject.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish, with the permission
of the gentleman from New York, to inquire of
• him whether Mr. Cochrane is in town, or whether
he has any hope of getting him here to-dsty or to-
morrow ?
Mr. VAN WYCK. In answer to the gentle-
man's inquiry, I will say that Mr. Cochrane is
not in tow®. I have hopes that he will be here
soon. I learned from a letter received from him
on Friday, that his health was improving. Mr.
Cochrane has been here this session. He went
home and was there taken sick, and by that sick-
ness he has been detained from his scat. And that,
X presume, is precisely a parallel case with that
of the gentleman who was taken sick at his hotel,
and prevented by that sickness from attending the
daily sessions of this House.
Mr. MALLORY. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York where Mr. Cochrane
now is?
Mr. VAN WYCK. When Mr. Cochrane
was last heard from, he was in the city of Utica.
He was taken sick at Albany, and went from there
to another part of the State, to XJtica, for the pur-
pose of consulting a physician. He was not taken
there to the asylum, as has been reported, but he
went there to consult a physician connected with
the asylum, whoso skill is as great as that of any
physician to be found in the State of New York.
I desire still further to state that I ask a pair,
from my colleague from the city of New York as"
a matter of personal favor to myself. If any gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House have unkindly
refused to pair with any gentlemen from oth^r
States, that is a matter which I may regret; but
which it is not my duty to explain.
I state that, when one gentleman from the city
of New York was detained at. his hotel, (just the
same as Mr. C. B. Cochrane is now detained at
Albany or Utica,) and was prevented from attend-
ing the sessions of this body; when he could not
have been brought here with safety; when it would
have been death to him to have brought him from
his room to this House, under such a state of
facts, my colleagues know that I sat here day
, after day in my place, paired, or ready to pair,
with Mr. John Cochrane until his health per-
mitted him to bo here in his scat. My friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] says it is true.
I win state further, what gentlemen upon the
other side know, that when I was paired with
my colleague, Mr. Barr, who was in the city of
New York, my pair expired with him on Satur-
day morning; on that morning I received a letter
from Mr. Barii stating that in consequence of the
sickness of his witc he could not be here, and desir-
ing me to extend the pair another day; and al-
though he could not have been in his seat 011 that
day, and I was under no obligation to pair off
with him, except the obligation of courtesy and
good feeling, yet I responded to the call and paired
off with him for another day. I simply make this
statement and this appeal to my colleagues from
the city of New York. I ask it as a personal
favor that they will extend the same courtesy to
Mr. Cochrane as was extended to them.
Mr. JENKINS. Before the gentleman takes
his seat, I should like to auk him a single question.
I understand him to say that because some gen-
tleman on that side of the House had the courtesy
to pair off with the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. John Cochrane,] by a parity of reasoning
the gentlemen 011 this side of the House should
now furnish a pair for the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Clark B. Cochrane.] Why, sir,
does not the same parity of reasoning require that
gentlemen on that side should furnish a pair for
Mr. STALLwor.TH ? Why, sir, the claim the gen-
tleman makes is the most remarkable—I say it
without meaning to bo disrespectful—and the
most presumptuous thing I ever heard of. The
same reasoning that would require us to furnish
a pair for Mr. Cochrane, would also require
them to pair for Mr. Stallwortii.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Whenever gentlemen shall
call upon us to extend a pair to Mr. Stallworth,
under the same circumstances which aic now pre- i
sented in reference to Mr. Cochrane, I shall be
ready to respond to that call.
Mr. JENKINS. The same reason precisely
will apply in either case. With each of these
gentlemen it is a case of actus Dei. They are both
laboring under a disability which prevents them
from being here, and the fact that one was pres-
ent for a few days at the commencement of the
session does not alter the analogy at all. The
fact that Mr. Cochrane was here fortwo orthree
days while Mr. Stallworth was not, makes no
sort of difference at all in the case.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I will not undertake to
argue the question with the gentleman from Vir-
ginia longer. I have said all that I desired to say.
I simply desired to appeal to my colleagues from
the city of New York, itnd with them I leave the
matter.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. An appeal has
been made by my colleague to his colleagues
from the city of New York, that at this juncture
the§e colleagues from the city of New York should
come forward and relieve their country colleagues
from the State of New York from the difficulty
in which they are placed.
I presume it is understood and intended by my
colleague who has made this appeal, that it shall
be most directly personal to myself, under the cir-
cumstances which he has portrayed.
I am not unwilling to embrace the occasion.
While I thank the gentleman for all the attention
and courtesy which he has shown either to me
or to my political friends upon this floor during
that visitation of sickness from which I hope I
am now convalescent, I must recajl him to the
consideration of the facts and circumstances ap-
plicable to that case; and to those applicable to
the case which he presents 011 this occasion to
my consideration.
"The gentleman was under the impression that
it was physically impossible that I should be pro-
duced m this House ir answer to the call of my
name. That may have ueen his impression; and
he is entitled to, and I cordially ascribe to him,
full credit for having acted as he did under its
pressure. But if I know the sore trial to which I
was subjected, and understand the intent and pur-
pose by which I was actuated, had a ballot been
precipitated during my sickness, at the peril even
of my life, I would have been produced upon this
floor, and my physician was by me instiucted to
this effect.
This brings me to the consideration of the ob-
ligation under which I rest to my absent colleague.
I cannot repress here the expression of my deep
sympathy with him in his sorrowful affliction. I
ivould, sir, that it were in my power to mitigate
his sufferings, or to palliate the pangs he is fated
to endure. It would, indeed, aggravate the sever-
ity of the trial to which my duty, in my opinion,
subjects me on this occasion, could the course
which I am constrained to puisue be construed
into aught of indifference to his grievous affliction;
but considerations, paramount to those of a per-
sonal character, control, and must deride my re-
sponse to the application of my colleague. These
considerations naturally produce the further argu-
ment, that whatever the obligation recognized by
the relations of a common humanity binding upon
mo in my intercourse with my absent colleague,
yet the gentleman who speaks t%me has no par-
liamentary right, because of such individual obli-
gation, to require that I should close my lips upon
the next roll-call and pair myself with my col-
league from New York, who is now, I understand,
voluntarily incarcerated at Utica for sanitary pur-
poses.
Sir, the parliamentary ethics applicable to this
question were appropriately and fairly stated, as
I conceive, by my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow,] at an early stage of this session.
He then proclaimed, and I think with great jus-
tice, that where physical disability rendered im-
possible the presence of any gentleman upon this
floor, it could not bo asked that I10 should be paired
with a gentleman upon the opposite benches. But
in respect, further, to these prevalent ethics, I
resist the idea that any gentleman can. upon in-
dividual considerations, press upon his friends of
the opposite side of the House—either upon his
colleagues or any other individuals—the obliga-
tion of pairing himself with any disordered gen-
tleman arrayed against him. It is a question re-
ferring emphatically to the two parties upon this
floor; the question is subjected to their aggregate
judgment, and no individual is called upon, either
by considerations of humanity, or by the obliga-
tions of courtesy existing between himself and
any other gentleman, to pronounce of his own in-
dividual accord upon a question common to the
party of which he is a member, and in which it,
equally with himself, is interested.
Now, sir, this attempt to pair my colleague—
my unfortunate colleague, with whom I sympa-
thize so deeply—has been generally resisted by
the gentlemen on this side of the House with
whom I act. Unless, therefore, I can find some
peculiar and paramount personal obligations re-
quiring and impelling my consent to pair myself
individually with him, I must defer to the supe-
rior obligations with which I am bound by my
party, and, through its concerted action, by every
patriotic duty which I owe that country to whose
interests that party is devoted. I hope, sir, that
Iam'not willfully blind, but11 fail to perceive any
such peculiar obligations.
I think, sir, that these remarks comprehend all
that it now occurs to me should be stated m this
connection; and for such reasons, therefore, I
must, however, reluctantly yet respectfully de-
cline to accede to the request made to me to re-
press my vote because of the sanitary absence of
my colleague at Utica.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Clerk, I should not tres-
pass upon the patience or the attention of the
House, had it not been my pleasure, upon the
demand of a friend of the honorable gentleman
from New York, who has just taken his seat, for
a pair upon the first day when a pair was made for
him, to accede to that request; and did it not seem
to me that there is a slight misapprehension m his
own mind as to the circumstances under which
that pair was made, I should not now presume
to trespass upon the attention of the House. But,
sir, having participated in that pair at that time,
I cannot permit it to go out as understood that
there was no absolute urgency or impossibility of
the gentleman being present. His colleague [Mr.
Barr] will remember that when that request was
made for a pair, he distinctly announced upon the
floor that it was utterly impossible for his colleague
to be here.
Mr. BARR. Without danger to his health.
Mr. DELANO. I remember further, that at
the time that positive statement was made, my
friends hero announced that that was a sufficient
reason why we should not furnish a pair. I must
say that that did not commend itself to my own
judgment and reason; and, notwithstanding some
remonstrance by friends around me, I felt it to be
my duty to acccdc to the request; and I did so at
the time, and upon the full understanding that the
gentleman from New York was physically dis-
abled from being present. I therefore announced
that I would accede to the pair for that day. I
was well myself, and in attendance. I also fol-
lowed it the next day, and the third day; and it
was perfectly well understood, from the gentle-
man's friends, that he was not able to be in at-
tendance.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. 1 wish to rtsk the
gentleman this question: Did he believe that there
was any reasonable probability of an election on
the day he paired with the gentleman from New
York?
Mr. DELANO. I had as much belief that there
would be an election, as I had upon any day of
the session.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Did you believe,
from the state of the votes upon the day you
paired, that there was as much probability then
as there is now that an election of Speaker would
take place ?
Mr. DELANO. Then it comes to this, sir:
that we are not to meet a response to our appeals
going to the courtesy and humanity of the other
side, unless it is a clcar case to them fliat there
will be no risk or danger. That seems to be the
gentleman's position.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. Notatall,sir. But
the case is entirely different now from what it was
when the gentleman paired with the member from
New York.
Mr. DELANO. 1 acceded to the request at
that time m good faith, believing then that a de-
cisive vote might be precipitated upon the House
at any hour; and, sir, I maintained that position
of pairing with the gentleman from New York
