1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would rather
the Senator would not interrupt me. He can re-
ply after I am through. I am asked what I mean
by the people. I think it is a term well under-
stood and comprehended by everybody in this
country, if not by the Senator. I do not deal in
technicalities. I speak in a broad sense. When I
say the people, I mean that material that consti-
tutes the Government, the bone and sinew; that
portion of the community that produce all, that
sustain all, that do all the fighting, and win all
the victories.
But we have had brought into this discussion
agrarianism, and this is said to be an agrarian
measure. "Why, sir, it begins where agrarianism
ends; and instead of going down the line, it as-
cends. It does not propose to take away what
belongs to anybody else and give to the people;
but the whole proposition is simply to enable the
rightful owner, the man who has made the sacri-
fice, either by himself directly or his ancestor, or
somebody connected with him, to go forward and
do—what? Take somebody else's? JNo; but to
take a portion of that which belongs to him, to
take a part of that which is his. The public lands
belong to the people; and, as I before remarked,
they were acquired by their blood and treasure,
and they arc entitled to participate in their bene-
fit. How many quarter sections of public land
have you in the United States ? According to a
table I have had made out at the Land Office,
we have seven million quarter sections. How
many heads of families are there in the United
States ? Do you discriminate by this bill? No,
but you say to the rich and to the poor, to all,
" Go and take a quarter section of land. " You
discriminate against none.
Thus each individual is left, at his own option,
to go and take a part of that which belongs to all.
I said there were seven million quarter sections.
How many qualified voters are there in the Uni-
ted States? There are not more than four mil-
lion, if my memory serves me right; and if you
give a quarter section to each head of a family—
as everybody; belongs to one family or another—
the head getting it would confer a benefit through
the families. What is your whole voting popu-
lation? Not over four million. Then you have
three million quarter sections left, after giving to
each qualified voter in the United States a quarter
section, which is a little over one half of what be-
longs to him. Is that anybody's else? Is that
agrarian ? Did you ever hear of a Government
being overturned by the people having property ?
It is for the want of it. I want to let the great
mass of the owners of this property come forward
and take a part of that which belongs to them,
and for which they have shed their bloody Is it
agrarianism to permit a man to take possession of
that which is his ? Does that take from anybody
else anything that belongs to him ?
Then, what injustice is done to the old States?
Is there any? As to the idea of doing them in-
justice, by filling up the new States and increas-
ing their political power, there is nothing in it.
Suppose the population remains in the old States:
when you apportion Representatives, do you not
give them Representatives m proportion to pop-
ulation ? It is true, making new States as Vir-
ginia has made five, so far as the Senate is con-
cerned, has an effect 011 political power; but a
man in a new State will not count more than he
will in an old State. It docs not affect the other
branch a single scintilla, so far as that goes.
But a word as to agrarianism and the Gracchi.
There are a few persons who have learned to talk
about the French Revolution agd the Jacobins,
and the Red Republicans and the Gracchi, and
the agrarians and all that, and they get up a ter-
rific idea, and make everybody fear that there is
something terrible in the measure. It is learned
and literary and classical to repeat these things,
and gentlemen are constantly talking about them
and losing sight of the great principle, of the great
objecttobe accomplished, of ameliorating the con-
dition of the groat mass of the people out of that
which bel ongs to them. You may tajk about Ti-
berius and Caius Gracchus, but there were never
two men more slandered in all the tide of history.
I wish to God we had some men in this day pos-
sessing their spirit and their courage and then-
energy. When was Rome in her palmiest days?
When she acquired large accessions of territory,
and her territory was populated by her citizens;
while the great mass of the people had homes,
the Roman eagle carried terror into every conti-
nent that was invaded by her. That was the time
when Roman citizens were most respected.
Under the Licinian law, every Roman citizen
was qualified to share in the possession of newly-
acquired public land, to an extent not exceeding
five hundred jugers. This applied only to the
public domain. That stood the law for a long
number of years; but gradually they commenced
violating it; and when all the lands, public and
private, passed into the hands of a few, Rome
sank into a rotten aristocracy on the one hand,
and what was denominated at that day a popu-
lace, or what we call a rabble, on the other. One
class owned thet lands and were corrupt; the other
class wore poor and servile; they were shut out
of homes; and when Rome had decayed to her
very core, when her greatness was gone, when
she was perishing, the Gracchi came forward and
attempted to do—what? To take away the land
belonging to others? No; but their effort was to
restore Rome back to the Licinian law, which had
never been repealed, and had only been trampled
under foot by arbitrary power, by usurpation.
That was what the Gracchi attempted to do; and,
for making their attempt to do this, they were
overthrown. On a certain occasion in Rome, when
Tiberius Gracchus was making.his speech, as his-
tory bearsme out in saying, this dependent rabble
that would do anything for a few sixpences and
grog, instigated by a factious Senate and aristoc-
racy, knocked him down and killpd him with one
of the pieces of timber that constituted the ros-
trum on which he stood. That is the way Tibe-
rius Gracchus fell. The Roman Senate united
with the rabble and murdered and annihilated the
man that was trying to stand by the people. Yes,
and that, too, in the season of the year when those
who lived in the rural districts were not accessi-
ble to Rome, and could not get there. It was in
harvest time, when they were at a distance. That
man was there struggling for them, advocating
and sustaining their rights, and they were in their
harvest fields; and a corrupt Senate joined the
rabble and murdered the people's man. Niebuhr,
in his Lectures on Roman History, thus de-
scribes it:
" The time was now approaching when the tribunes for
the next year were to he elected. The tribunes entered
upon their office on the 9th of December; but for a long
time past—we do not know when this custom began—the
elections had taken place very caily in the year, at the com-
mencement of July, or at the end of June, the harvest time
in Italy. The tubunes, at that time, always appeared in
the Senate, and took part in the discussions ; and as Tibe-
rius Giacchus was there, treated with the most vulgar and
unbridled fury, it must have been evident to him, that if he
should one day be without his sacred magistracy, he would
be the victim of liis opponents. He would, after the expi-
ration of his tribuneship, still have been triumvir agrorum
divideruiorum, but he would not have been inviolable. He
therefore offered himself, m accordance with the law, as a
candidate for the tribuneship for the year following."
**********
"The events which occurred on that day convinced
Tiberius Gracchus that his life was in danger, and he
went about among the people, like an accused criminal,
with his only son, begging them to protecthis and the child's
life. It was his misfortune that the election took place at
this seasonof the year, for the country people, who, at any
other time would have flocked to Home by thousands to
support and protect linn, were now detained by Iheir labors
in the fields. The population of the city was not only in-
different towards Gracchus, a great number of them having
no interest whatever in the aliair, but was under the most
decided influence of the optimates. In this instance, too,
we tec how the constitution had become different from
what it had been m former times, though not a single iota
of the laws had been alteied. When the teintoiy of Rome
did not extend farther than about fifty or sixty miles from
the eitv, every one could come to Rome on extraordinary
occasions, and the rustic tribes could be really represented
by the Romunirustici; but after the assignments made by
C Flamimus some countrypeople lived at a great distance,
as far as the llomagna, and it was impossible for them to
come to the city to attend the a scmblieri. The constitution
which had been originally framed for a city, thus became
perverse and injunous.
"The election was to be continued the next day, and the
people assembled with a presentiment that blood would be
shed. Tiberius Gracchus himsell was scarcely alarmed.
The Senatewas assembled m the temple of Fides. When the
people were assembled, a tumult broke out, and tho uproar
became so violent that several benches were broken. I he
Senate, which was in the neighborhood, on hearing oi the
commotion among the people, declared it seditious, and
Scipio Nasica called upon the consul Mucius Sc*evolato
employ force. The latter appears in a doubtlul light. Ac-
cording to most accounts, lie seems to have been favorable
to Gracchus; but according to others, he opposed him. If
we suppose that he was a man of weak character, who
feared his faction, we may account for tho contradiction.
Nusica saw that a bold stroke would decide the matter, and
accordingly called upon the Senators to follow him; and,
on stepping out of the temple, all declared Gracchus guilty
of high treason. The people withdrew before .these, illus-
trious men, and the Senators took possession of everything
' that could be used as weapons." There seemed to have
been scaffoldings all around the area, (it is still customary
in Italy to put up benches wherever there was anyibingMo
be seen,) some of which broke down. A. lie had been,
spread abroad that Tiberius Gracchus .had appeared with
the diadem, to gethimselfproclaimed king. No one surely
believed in this impudent calumny except, perhaps,_a few
foolish Senatois, and those whose interest it was to assert
it. Some of the people who had no leader,-and no clear
notion of what they wanted, dispersed. The Senators took
the pieces of the broken seats and attacked the few un-
armed men who still surrounded Tiberius, and who did not
venture to raise their hands against the Senators. Tiberius
fled down the centum grddus towards the Velabrum. There
he slipped, and a common man, or one of the Senators, or
of the colleagues of Gracchus—for many claimed the honor
—was the first who struck him on the head with a piece of
wood, and as he fell down stunned, the murder was com-
pleted. A number of his followers shared the same fate,
and their corpses were thrown into the Tiber. The body
of the great Gracchus himself was wa&hed ashore, and left
to rot in the fields. lie was not yet full thirty years old
when lie died. Many more were taken prisoners as his
accomplices. The real persecutions, however, were car-
ried on tho year following by the consul, Popilius Lamas,
in a manner worthy ofthe Inquisition, or of an Alba." -
I have said that the Gracchi sought only to re-
store the Licinian law, under which Rome pros-
pered. To show what was the policy of Rome
m her most prosperous days, I will read a por-
tion of one of the old Roman lays, translated and
published by Macaulay:
11 For Romans in Rome's quarrel
Spared neither land nor gold,
Nor son nor wife, nor limb nor life,
In the brave days of old.
" Then none was for a party,
Then all were for the state;
Then the great man helped the poor,
And the poor man loved the great \ **
Then lands were fairly portioned;
Then spoils were fairly sold:
Then Romans were like brothers
In the brave days of old."
Mr. President, I have trespassed now longer
than I intended to trespass on tho Senate, but
there areafew other facts that I will advert to. It
seems to be conceded by all who have paid any
attentioivto the operations of this Government,
that now is the time to prevent the state of things
that wc have been speaking of, which occurred in
Rome. While the public lands belong to the peo-
ple, hold out reasonable inducements for people
to go and settle on them and become cultivators
of the soil. Who is it that is willing to suspend
and hang the destinies of this Republic upon cities?
I for one am not; ?.nd unless the present tendency
of things is arrested , and arrested now—and the
policy of this bill will arrest it and result in a dif-
ferent system—I fear the consequences, and I fear
this Government will go as Rome went. We are
in ourswaddling clothes; we have scarcely reached
man's estate; yet these spots of decay are visible,
and tho tendency of the pernicious policy that has
been pursued must be observed by all. What
then is our true policy? Build up your rural dis-
tricts; build up the mechanics1 shops. Let the
productions of agriculture go hand m hand with
mechanism. Let each man have a home, and
when your elections come around he is a freeman,
he is an independent man; he goes to the ballot-
box and votes his own vote, and not the vote of
his landlord or his master. Buildup these districts,
and there you will have virtue; there you will
have honesty in private as well as public affairs,
for after all, the people of the rural districts are
to be trusted. Into their hands this Government
must go. It is their interest to do right in all gov-
ernmental affairs. It being their interest to do
right, they can be relied upon and confided in im- -
phcitly. They expect no office. They do not
live by politics, but they live by their labor, and
they want the best government, the purest gov-
ernment that they can get. Go there amidst your
rural population; there is industry, there is vir-
tue, and intelligence; and I might speak of them
in the language of a celebrated author:
" Unlearned, he knew no schoolman's subtle art
No language but the language of the heart;
13y nature honest, by experience wise,
Healthy by temperance and exercise."
That is the population to sustain this Govern-
ment. It is a population to rely upon. If you
do not, your Government is gone. Why, then,
do the Senate resist this state of things being
brought about ? Why will the Senate of the
United States longer stand up in opposition to an
enlightened public judgment that has been ren-
dered on this question three several times. I
