2598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jnne 4,
phy "of this seeming paradox in a Republic. And
our Slave-masters show themselves apt in this
work. Violence and brutality are their ready in-
struments, quickened always by the wakefulness
of suspicion, and perhaps often by the restless-
ness of uneasy conscience. , Everywhere in the
Slave States the Lion's Mouth of Venice, where
citizens were anonymously denounced, is open;
nor are the gloomy prisons and the Bridge of
Sighs wanting.
This spirit has recently shown itself with such
intensity and activity as to constitute what lias
been properly termed a reign of terror. North-
ern men, unless they happen to be delegates to a
Democratic Convention, are exposed in their trav-
els, whether of business or health, to the opera-
tion of t'hissystem. They are watched and dogged,
as if m alandof Despotism; they are treated with
the meanness of a disgusting tyranny*, and live in
peril always of personal indignity, and often of
life and limb. Complaint has sometimes been
made of the wrongs to American citizens m Mex-
ico; but during the last year more outrages on
American citizens have boon perpetrated in the
Slave States than in Mexico. Here, again, I have
110 time for details, which have been already pre-
sented in other quarters. But the instances are
from all conditions of life. In Missouri, a Meth-
odist clergyman, suspected of being an Abolition-
ist, was taken to prison, amidst threats of tar and
feathers. IriArkansas,a schoolmaster was driven
from the State. In Kentucky, a plain citizen from
Indiana, on a visit to his frionds, was threatened
with death by the rope. In Alabama, a simple
person from Connecticut, peddling books, was
thrust into prison, amidst cries of "Shoot him!
hang him!" In Virginia, a Shaker, from New
York, peddling garden seeds, was forcibly ex-
pelled from the State. In Georgia, a merchant's
clerk,Irishman by birth, who simply asked the
settlement of a just debt, was cast into prison,
robbed of his pocket-book, containing nearly a
hundred dollars, and barely escaped with his life.
In South Carolina, a stone-cutter, Irishman by
birth, was stripped naked,and then, amidst cries
of " Brand him!" "Burn him!" " Spike him to
death!" scourged so that blood came at every
stroke, while tar was poured upon his lacerated
flesh. These atrocities, calculated, according to
the words of a poetof subtle beauty, to "make a
holiday in hell, were all ordained, by Vigilance
Committeos.or by that busiest magistrate, Judge
Lynch, inspired by the demon of Slavery,
(tIIe let them loose, :uid cried. Halloo!
How shall we yield him honor diir?"
In perfect shamelcssness, and as if to blazon
this fiendish spirit, we have had, this winter, in
a leading newspaper of Virginia, an article pro-
posing to give twenty-five dollars each for the
heads of citizens, mostly members of Congress,
known to be against Slavery, and $50,000 for the
head of William H. Seward. And in still an-
other paper of Virginia, we find a proposition to
raise §10,000 to be given for the kidnapping and
delivery of a venerable citizen, Joshua lt.'Gid-
dings, at Richmond, " or §5,000 for the produc-
tion of his head." These are fresh instances, but
they are not alone. At a meeting of Slave-mas- ,
Mrs in Georgia, in 1835, the Governor was recom-
mended to issue a proclamation, offering$5,000 as
a reward for the apprehension of cither of ten per-
sons named in the resolution, citizens of New York
and Massachusetts, and one asubject of Great Brit-
ain—not one of whom it was pretended had ever
set foot on the soil of Georgia. The Milledgeville
Federal Union, a newspaper of Georgia, in 1830,
contained an offer of $10,000 for kidnapping a
clergyman residing in the city of New York. A
Committee of Vigilance of Louisiana, in 1835,
offered, in the Louisiana Journal, §50,000 to any
person who would deliver into their hands Arthur
Tappan, a merchant of New York; and, during
the same year, a public meeting m Alabama, with
a person entitled " Honorable " in ihe chair, of-
fered a similar reward of $50,000 for the appre-
hension of the same Arthur Tappan, and of La
Iioy Sunderland, a clergyman of the Methodist
church at New York.
These manifestations are not without prototype
in the history ol the Anti-Slavery cause in other
countries, rrom the beginning Slave-masters
have encountered argument by brutality and vio-
lence. If we go back to the earliest of Abo-
litionists, the wonderful Portuguese preacher,
Vieyra, we shall find that his matchless elo-
quence and unquestioned piety did not save him
from indignity. After a sermon exposing Slavery
in Brazil, he was seized and imprisoned, while
one of the-principal Slave-masters asked him, in
mockery, where were all his learning and all his
genius now, if they could not deliver him in this
extremity? He was of the Catholic church. But
the spirit of slavery is the same in all churches.
A renowned Quaker minister of the last century,
Thomas Chalkley, while on a visit at Barbadoes,
having simply recommended charity to the slaves,
without presuming to breathe a word against Sla-
very itself, was first met by disturbance in the
meeting, and afterwards, on the highway, in open
day, was fired at by one of the exasperated plant-
ers, " with a fowling-piece loaded with small
shot, ten of which made marks, and several drew
blood." Even in England, while the slave trade
was under discussion, the same spirit appeared.
Wilberforce, who represented the cause of Aboli-
tion in Parliament, was threatened with personal
violence; Clarkson, who represented the same
causc before the people, was assaulted by the in-
furiate Slave-traders, and narrowly escaped being
hustled into the dock; and Roscoe, the accom-
plished historian, on his return to Liverpool from
his seat in Parliament, where ho had signalized
himself as an opponent of the slave trade, was
met at the entrance of the town by a savage mob,
composed of persons interested in this traffic,
armed with Icnivcs and bludgeons, the distinctive
arguments and companions of the Pro-Slavery
partisans.
And even in the Free States the partisans of
Slavery have from the beginning actcd under the
inspiration of violence. The demon of Slavery
has entered into them, and under its influence
they have behaved like Slave-masters. Public
meetings for the discussion of Slavery have been
interrupted; public halls dedicated to its discus-
sion have been destroyed or burned to the ground.
In all our populous cities the great rights of speech
and of the press have been assailed precisely as
in the Slave States. In Boston, Garrison,plead-
ing for the Slave, was dragged through the streets
with a halter about his ncclc, and in Illinois
Lovejoy, also pleading for the Slave, was fero-
ciously murdered. The former yet livos to speak
for himself, while the latter lives in his eloquent
brother, the Representative from Illinois in the
other House. Thus does Slavery show its nat-
ural influence e%'en at a distance.
Nor in the Slave States is this spirit confined to
the outbreaks of mere lawlessness. Too strong
for restraint, it finds no limitations except in its
own barbarous will. The Government becomes
its tool, and in official actsdor-s its bidding. Here
again the instances are numerous. I might dwell
on the degradation of the Post Office, when its
official head consented that, for the sake of Sla-
very, the mails themselves should be rifled. I
might dwell also on the cruel persecution of Free
Persons of color who in the Slave States gener-
ally, and even here in the District of Columbia,
are not allowed to testify where a white man is
in question, and who now in several States are
menaced by legislative afct with the alternative
of expulsion from their homes or of reduction to
Slavery. But 1 pass at once to two illustrative
transactions, which, as a son of Massachusetts, I
cannot forget.
1. The first relates to a citizen, of purest life
and perfect integrity, whose name is destined to
fill a conspicuous place in the history of Freedom,
William Lloyd Garrison. Born in Massachu-
setts, bred to the same profession with Benjamin
Franklin, and like his great predecessor becom-
ing an editor, he saw with instinctive clearness
the wrong of Slavery, and at a period when the
ardors of the Missouri Question had given way
to indifference thioughout the North, iie stcppcll
forward to denounce if. The jail at Baltimore,
where he then resided, was his earliest reward.
Afterwards, January 1, 1831, he published the
first number of the Liberator, inscribing for his
motto an utterance of Christian philanthropy,
" My country is the world, my countrymen are
ali mankind," and declaring in the face of sur-
rounding apathy, "1 am in earnest. I will not
equivocate, I will not retreat a single inch, and I
will bo heard." In this sublime spirit he com-
menced his labors for th<; Slave, proposing no
intervention by Congress in the States, and on
well-considered principle avoiding all appeals to
the bondmen themselves. Such was his simple
and thoroughly constitutional position, when, be-
fore the expiration of the first year, the Legisla-
ture of Georgia, by solemn act, a copy of which
I have now before me, "approved" by Wilson
Lumpkin, Governor, appropriated $5,000 " to be
paid to any person who shall arrest, bring to
trial, and prosecute to conviction under the laws
ot this State, the editor or publisher of f£ certain
paper called the Liberator, published at the town
of Boston and State of Massachusetts." This
infamous legislative act touching a person abso-
lutely beyond the jurisdiction of Georgia, and in
no way amenable to its laws, constituted a plain
bribe to the gangs of kidnappers engendered by
Slavery. With this barefaepd defiance of justice
and decency Slave-masters inaugurated the sys-
tem of violence by which they have sought to
crush every voice that has been raised against
Slavery. a
2. Here is another illustration of a different
character. Free persons of color, citizens of Mas-
sachusetts, and, according to the institutions of
this Commonwealth, entitled to equal privileges
with other citizens, being in service as mariners,
and touching at the port of Charleston, in South
Carolina, have been seized, and with no allegation
against them, except of entering this port in the
discharge of their rightful business, have been
cast into prison, and there detained during the
delay of the vessel. This is by virtue of a statute
of South Carolina, passed in 1823, which further
declares, that in the failure of the captain to pay
the expenses, these freemen " shall be seized and
taken as absolute slaves,"one moietyof the pro-
ceeds of their sale to belong to the Sheriff. Against
all remonstrance—against the official opinion of
Mr. Wirt, as Attorney General of the United
States, declaring it unconstitutional—against the
solemn judgment of Mr. Justice Johnson, of the
Supreme Court of the United States, himself a
Slave-master and citizen of South Carolina, also
pronouncing it unconstitutional—this statute,
which is an obvious injury to Northern ship-own-
ers, as it is an outrage to the mariners whom it
seizes, has been upheld to this day by South Car-
olina.
But this is not all. Massachusetts, in order to
obtain for her citizens that protection which was
denied, and especially to save them from the dread
penalty of being sold into Slavery, appointed a
citizen of South Carolina to act as her agent for
this purpose, and to bring suits in the Circuit
Court of the United States in order to try the con-
stitutionality of this pretension. Owing to the
sensibility of the people m that State, this agent
declined to render this simple service. Massa-
chusetts next selected one of her own sons, a ven-
eralile citizen, who had alrwdy served with honor
in the other House of Congress, and who was of
admitted eminence as a lawyer, the Hon. Samuel
Hoar, of Concord, to visit Charleston, and to do
what the agent first appointed had shrunk from
doing. This excellent gentleman, beloved by all
who knew him, gentle in manners as he was firm
in character, and with a countenance that was in
itself a letter of recomcndation, arrived at Charles-
ton, accompanied only by his daughter. Straight-
way all South Carolina was convulsed. According
to a story in Boswell's Johnson, all the inhabit-
ants at St. Kilda, a remote island of the Hebrides,
on the approach of a stranger, " catch cold; " but
in South Carolina, itis a fevcrthat they "catch."
The Governor at the time, who was none other
than one of her present Senators, [Mr. Ham-
mond,] made his arrival the subject of a special
message to the Legislature, which I now have be-
fore me; the Legislature all "caught" the fever,
and swiftly adopted resolutions calling upon "his
Excellency the Governor to expel from its terri-
tory the said agent, after due notice to depart,"
and promising " to sustain the Executive author-
ity ill any measures it may adopt for the purposes
aforesaid."
Meanwhile the fever raged in Charleston. The
agent of Massachusetts was first accosted ill the
street by a person unknown to him, who, flour-
ishing a bludgeon in his hand—the bludgeon al-
ways shows itself where Slavery is in question—
cried out, '• you had better be traveling, and the
sooner the better for you, I can toll you; if you
stay here until "to-morrow morning, you will fuel
something you will not like, I'm thinking." Next
