634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
the roll I'') I do not apprehend that gentlemen
on this side of the House have any disposition to
engage in discussion.
Mr. BURNETT. I do'not regard it as neces-
sary to adopt that rule, because I believe that all
ihese'explanations are out of order, and ought not
to b*e permitted, I thought so all the time.
' Mr. STANTON. It seems to me that if this
isunderstood, and gentlemen on all sides will take
care of their own mends and enforce -the rule on
them, we will get along with very little trouble
or difficulty. 1 will be responsible for my side
of the House. [Loud and continued cries of
"Call the roll!"]
The CLERIC stated the question was on order-
ing the main question on the motion to proceed to a
ballot.
The main question was ordered; and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN.' Mr. Clerk—[Loud cries of
"Down!" "Down!" "Order!" "Order!" "Let
us have the question !"&c.] Eight weeks ago, I
was honored by the votes of a large plurality of
my fellow-members for the high office of Speaker
of this House. Sincc that time they h ave adhered
to their choice with a fidelity that has won my
devotion and respect; and, as 1 believe, the appro-
bation of their constituents. They have stood
undismayed amidst threats of disunion and dis-
organization; conscious of the rcctitude of their
purposes; warm in their attachment to the Con-
stitution and the Union, and obedient to the rales
of order and the laws. They have been silent,
firm, manly. On the other hand, they have seen
their ancient adversary, and their only natural
adversary, reviving anew the fires of sectional
discord, and broken into fragments. They have
seen some of them shielding themselves behind
a written combination to prevent the majority of
the House from prescribing rules for its organi-
zation. They have heard others openly pronounce
threats of disunion-, proclaim that if a Republican
be duly elected President of the United States,
they would tear down this fair fabric of our rights
and liberties, and break up the Union of these
States. And now they have seen, their ancient
adversary, broken, dispersed, and disorganized,
unite in supporting ag-cntloman who was elected
to Congress as an American, in opon, avowed
opposition to the Democratic organization.
Mr. Clerk, I should regret exceedingly, and
believe it would be a national calamity, to have
any one who is a supporter, directly or indirectly,
of this Administration, or who owes it any alle-
giance, favor, or affection, occupying a position
of importance or prominoncc in this House. I
would regard it as a public calamity to have the
power of this House placed directly or indirectly
under the control of this Administration. It
would be, it seems to me, a fatal policy to trust
the power of this House to the control of gentle-
men who have proclaimed that under any circum-
stances, or in any event, they would dissolve the
Union of these States. For this reason we would
be wanting in our duty to our God and our coun-
try, if we did not avert such a result of this con-
test. I regard it as the highest duty of patriotism
to submerge personal feelings, to sacrifice all per-
sonal preferences, and all private interests to the
good of our common country. I said here a few
days ago, and I always stood in the position, that
when I became convinced that any of my polit-
ical friends or associates could reccive further
support outside of the Republican organization,
I would retire from the field, and yield to him the
honor of the position that the partiality of friends
has assigned me. I believe that time has now
arrived. I believe that a greater concentration can
now be made on another gentleman who, from
the beginning, has acted with me.
Therefore, Mr. Clerk, 1 respectfully withdraw
my name as a candidate. And, in doing so, al-
low me to return my heartfelt thanks for the gen-
erous and hearty support of all my political friends,
and especially to those gentlemen with whom I
have not.the tie of a pu-ty name, but the higher
one of a common purpose and sympathy. And
if I can ask of them one more favor, it would be
that in an unbroken column, with an unfaltering
front, and unwavering line, each of them will cast
his vote in favor of any one of our number who can
command the highest vote, or who can be elected
Speaker of this House. [Suppressed applause.]
FORTIETH BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The tellers having resumed their places, the
House proceeded to the fortieth ballot for Speaker,
with the following result: Whole number of votes,
234; necessary to a choicc, 118; of which—
Mr. Pennington received 115
Mr. William N. II. Smith 113
Mr. John G.Davis     £
Mr. Allen....  1
Mr. Bocock  1
Mr. Briggs  1
Mr. Corwin     1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
JPor Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Charles P. Adams, Adrain,
Aldrieh, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Brayton, Buffinton,*Burlingame, Burnham, Bur-
roughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax,
Conkling, Corwin, Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Famsworth, Fenton,
Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch, Graham, Giow, Gur-
iey, Hale, Hall, Ilaskin, Helmick, Hickman, Hoard, Hum-
phrey, Hutchms, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Wil-
liam Kellogg, Kenyon,Kilgore,KilHnger, De Witt C. Leach,
Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean,
McKmght, McPherson, MiUward, Moorhead, Morrill, Ed-
waid Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Perry, 1'ettit,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robin-
son; Royce, Schwaitz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins,
Train, Trimble, Vandever, van YVycK,Veiree,W.ule, Wal-
dron, Walton, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Eliihu ft. Wash-
hurnc, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Windoin, Wood,
and Woodruff.
For Mr. William N. H. Smith.—Messrs. Green Adams,
Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdnle, Ban, Barrett, Bocock, Bon ham, Botc-
ler, Bouligny, Boyeo, Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Biistowy
Burel), Burnett, Jloraco F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clemens,
Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig,
Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, II. Winter
Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jarnctte, Dnnimck, Edmundson,
English, Etheridge, Florence, Fouke, Gamett,Gaitrell,Gil
mcr, Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morrison Han is, John T.
Hanis, llatton, Hawkins, Hill, Ilindman, Houston, How-
ard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel, La-
mar, Landruin,Larrabee, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan,
Love, Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Mar-
tin, Maynard, McClcrnand, McQueen, Mcllae, Miles, Mill-
son, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Quailes, Reagan, James C. Rob-
inson, Rutlin. Rust, Scott, Sickle?, Simmfc Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart. Stokes, Stout,
Tayloi, Thomas Undeiwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Web
stei, Whitelev, Wmslow, Woodt-on, and Wright.
For Mr. John G. Davit—Messrs Allen and Riggs.
For Mr. Jlllcn—Mr. John G. Davis.
For Mr. Bocock—Mr. Dolman.
For Mr. firiggs—Mr. William N. IT. Smith.
For Mr. Coruin—Mr. Pennington.
During the taking of the vote,
Mr. HINDMAN, when his name was called,
said: I see by the report in the Globe of Friday's
proceedings that I am represented as saying: _
" I vote for Mr. Smith with the express understanding
that he has never belonged to or affiliated with the Know
Nothing party, dircctly or indirectly; and that he has al-
Wciyu condemned and repudiated its doctiincs/55
I should have said that I was informed that Mr.
Smith did not sympathize with the proscriptivc
doctrines of that party.
Mr. LARRABEE, when his name was called,
said: It is due to myself that I should make some
explanation of the vote that I am about to give:
On Friday, when my name was called, I voted
for Mr. Smith, of North Carolina. Some days
since, in a colloquy with tjie gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] I announced to this House
that when the alternative should be presented to
me of choosing between a Republican and South
American, I should vote for a South American.
In order that 1 may more fully explain why I do
so, and why I now intend to vote for a southern
Opposition man, I desire to send this paper to the
Clerk's desk, and ask that lie shall read such por-
tions as are not erased.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Milwaukee, Janunni 26, i860.
Dear Sir: Your statement, uthat you would vote for a
southern Know Nothing in preleienccto a Republican"
was received here with full approbation. I think you are
fully acqainted with my standing as a Democrat, and my
feelings toward the Know Nothings, with their proscriptive
pimciplcs. But, If I could determine a spectacle like that
now displayed at Washington, by voting lor a man who be-
lieves in Jackson's sentiment, "The Union, it shall and
must be preserved/5 though he might be a fuli-blopded
Know Nothing, I, as a foreigner, would certainly vote for
him in prefeienceto a member of the Republican party,
which paity is a sectional one, and cherishes, to a great
extent,the same proscriptive piineiple, u Ameiicaus shall
mle America." You may rest assured, that there i«j, among
five hundred Democrats, not one who thinks not as I do.
I had conversations with a good many Democrats, about the
point, and I did not hear a dissenting voice. I spoke with
both the cditois of the leading German papers here, and
they were of the opinion, that me t>est way to decide the
Speaker question, would be to join the southern Amer-
icans, and even to vote for one of tliem, in order to smoke
out these fanatical Black Republicans. Especially Mr. Ott,
the Editor of the " Leebote," who is always down on the
Know Nothings, was much pleased with your statement.
In my opinion, you would not risk your reputation as a
Democrat,if you should vote for a southern Opposition man,
no matter if lie is a Know Nothing or not, If you could, by
so voting, settle the Speaker question, so'that Congress
could commence its regular business. I feel quite certain
that your course would be greeted here with much enthu-
siasm, because all are tired of the present state of things,
and all are of opinion that, by allowing this ^ sCatu quo" to
exist any longer, the Union would come in the greatest
danger to be dissolved.
Mr. OLIN. Who is the great author of that
work? [Laughter.]
Several Members. Name him.
Mr. LARRABEE. I will say to gentlemen
who are anxious tp know the name, that it is a
private letter, but that it is written by one of the
most distinguished German citizens of the State
of Wisconsin. I vote for Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina.
Mr. POTTER,when his name was,called, said:-
When the name of my colleague was called, he
sent up to the Clerk's desk a letter purporting to
have been written by one of my constituents. I
would respectfully ask my colleague the name of
the writer of that letter.
Mr. LARRABEE. The letter is a private let-
ter addressed to me. I assure my honorable col-
league that it was written by a distinguished Ger-
man m the State of Wisconsin. If he will call at
my room at any time hereafter, I will show him
the letter with pleasure.
Mr. FOTTER. As my colleague sent up the
letter and had it read, and made it public, it is
certainly due to me, as well as to himself, that the
name should be given. My colleague declines to
give it. I vote for William Pennington.
Mr. LARRABEE. I cannot give the name to
my colleague at present. I will write to the per-
son who wrote the letter; and if he is satisfied, I
will give the name.
The result of the vote having been announced,
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the House again
procecd to vote viva voce for Speaker; and on that
motion he called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and put; and the motion
was agreed to.
FORTY-FIRST BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House thereupon proceeded to the forty-
first ballot for Speaker, with the following result:
Whole number of votes, 232; necessary to achoice,
117; of which—
Mr. Pennington received.  115
Mr. WilliamN. H. Smith 113
Mr. John G. Davis  2 *
Mr. Allen  1
Mr. Bocock  1
So there was no choicc.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain,
Aldrieh, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burnham. Bur-
roughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax,
Conkling, Coiwm, Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards Eliot, Ely, Famsworth, Fenton,
Feny, Foster, Fiank, French,Gooch,Giaham, Grow, Gur-
ley, Hale, Hall, Ilaskin, IJelmick, Hickman, Hoaid, Hum-
phrey, Ilutelnns, Irvine, Junkin, 'Francis W. Kellogg, Wil-
liamKellogg, Kenyon,KiIgoie, Kill mger, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, Longnecker, Loonns, Lovejov, Marston, McKean,
McKmght, McPher&on, Milhvard,'Mooihead, Moinll, Ed-
waid Joy Morns, Momc, Nixou,Ohn, PalmeijPenyjPettit,
Potter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds Iiice, Chustopher Kobin-
?>on, Iloycc, Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, William
Stcwait, Stiatton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins,
Tiain, Trimble, Vandovei, Van Wyck, "Verree, Wade,
Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elliliu B.
Wasliburne, Israel Wahhburn, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom,
Wood, and WoodiufT
lor Mr. William N. H. Smith—Messrs. Green Adams,
Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson,'A>hmoie,
Avery,'Barkadale, Barr, Barrett, Boeoclc, Bonham, Boteler,
Bouligny, Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Buggs, Bnstow,Burch,
Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Ciaik, Clemens, Clop-
ton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coupei, Cox, James Craig, Bur-
ton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, H. Winter Davis,
Reuben Davis, De Jamette, Dimnnck, Edmundson, Eng-
lish, Etheridge, Florence, Fouke, Garnett,Gartrell, Grimer,
Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T Har-
ris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hmdman, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones. Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar,
Landrum, Larrabce, J amet? M. Lcach, Lcsikr, Logan, kove,
