212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 10,
86th Cong.... 1st
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Parrott.
H'o. of Reps.
the Lecompton constitution, they were bound by
all the provisions of that bill?
Mr. BARKSDALE. Why, sir, I hold that
they were bound'by the provisions of that bill.
That is the point which I have made. Whether
they voted or not, it was their duty to do it; ana
I hold it was their duty to obey all the provisions
of that bill. Hcnce I am opposed to the admis-
sion of Kansas upon that very ground: that she
would be admitted in palpable violation of the
law passed by Congress.
Mr. PARROTT. I must pass on, Mr. Speaker.
The people of Kansas have presented another
constitution here, and I wish, before I advance to
the consideration of specific objections 
Mr. COX. Before the gentleman leaves that
point, I beg' that he will allow me to ask him a
qu( stion.
Mr. PARROTT. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. COX. He says that the people of Kansas
never, in any way, recognized that bill of the con-
ference committee. Is that his statement?
Mr. PARROTT. I said they had never suc-
cumbed to the restrictive provisions of that bill.
Mr. COX. Oh, no; you did not use the words
" restrictive provisions."
Mr. PARROTT. Well, I say that now, and
I said that before.
Mr. COX. Well, I ask my friend, m justice
to the men who voted for that bill, to answer this
question 
Mr. PARROTT. I do not want to be drawn
from the line of my argument.
Mr. COX. Ah, but the gentleman must state
the truth as it occurred there; and it is this: that,
in pursuance of the provisions ot" that bill, clearly
followed in every particular by the commission-
ers, there was an election in Kansas; and by that
election the sense of the people was taken, and
Lecompton. as the chairman of the Committee on
Territories said this morning, was throttled and
killed by it; and it was intended, by many of the
men who voted for that bill, to give that vt-ry op-
portunity to the people to break down that consti-
tution which they spurned.
Mr. PARROTT. The gentleman is vindicat-
ing his own action, and not asking me a question.
I cannot yield for such a purpose.
Mr. COX. The gentleman knows that Gov-
ernor Denver himself, by official proclamation, fol-
lowing up the provisions of that conference bill,
proclaimed the number of votes cast, and at the
end of his proclamation, m pursuance of that very
conference bill, declared that the Lecompton con-
stitution was not the choice ot the people ot Kan-
sas.
Mr. PARROTT. I cannot yield any longer to
the gentleman. He does not interrogate me.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Will the gentleman
from Kansas allow me to answer the gentleman
from Ohio'
Mr. PARROTT. No; I must decline to yield
further. 1 shall come to that point presently.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I will do it m one
minute. .
Mr. PARROTT. Very well; go ahead, if it is
any accommodation.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. When one Congress
attempts to restrict the powers of a succeeding
Congress, every man who knows the elements of
law at ail knows that the restrictive: act is void,
absolutely void; and when one Congress attempted
to say that another should not admit Kansas, they
did an act that had lio validity whatever; they
passed a law that could not be binding, and that
was in violation of the Constitution of the coun-
tr^kr. PARROTT. i am coming to that directly.
1 was about to say, when I was interrupted, that
this ease is to be discriminated from preceding
applications made by this Territory for admission
into the Union. X^ansas has once been admitted
by the House- of Representatives as a fetate; upon
another occasion, it has been admitted by the
Senate; and upon a third occasion, wheii^ both
Houses conjoined to invite her into the Union,
the proposals were declined. But, sir, these were
contests of factions; they rested upon peculiar and
political grounds, and not upon arguments of the
intrinsic, fitness of the Territory to become a State,
by reason of the numbers, the homogeneousness,
the aggregate or distributive wealth of its people,
or any argument of economy. It is due to candor
that thus mueli should be stated.
These preceding applications were urged on the
ground of political necessity, arising out of the
confusion and disorder prevalent in the Territory.
For example: the Topeka constitution was passed
by those friendly to the establishment of free in-
stitutions, because the territorial government had
been wrested from the hands of the settlers, and
there was no legal relief, except in the adoption
of that constitution. The Lecompton constitution
was passed for exactly opposite reasons, because
the usurpers and invaders would be driven out of
the Territory, and all their years of struggle,and
the unripe fruits of invasion, would be thrown
away, unless that constitution could be ratilied by
Corfgress. But this is a different case; it stands
upon the intrinsic fitness of the country to become
a State. The Territorial Legislature initiated the
measure by passing a law for the regulation of the
subject. Admonished by the hasto and imperfec-
tion of previous attempts 111 this behalf, they now
prepared to move forward by slow and gradual
steps, consulting the people at every stage, so that
if, at any time,from first to last, the popular voice
failed to buoy Tip the movement, it must drop and
be lost—the whole scheme fail. In the first place,
the specific question was submitted, whether the
change was desirable; and it was passed^upon
as a separate and distinct question, unmixed with
anything else, at an election appointed for that
purpose only. It occasioned but little surprise to
me that this question failed to elicit a vote pro-
portioned to its great, importance, and a much less
universal expression than could be desired in a
business of this magnitude.
In the first place, abstract questions of this kind
rarely engage, ardently and deeply, the popular
attention; but m the present case, I attribute the
light vote chiefly to the fact that the public mind,
long kept in a tension straining after the public
safety, naturally underwent a reaction,and inclined
to repose when the sense of immediate danger no
qualified approval and acceptance of the instru-
ment framed and submitted to them by the con-
vention. No part of this ground is debatable.
The first inquiry which presents itself is: were
the people in the exercise of a legitimate power
in doing what they have done? The practice of
the Government has not been uniform in respect
to the preliminary steps towards a State govern-
ment. In some instances, perhaps in most, Con-
gress has authorized the people, by what is called
an enabling act, to frame a constitution prepara-
tory to application for admission into the Union;
in other, and not a few instances, the people have
proceeded on their own motion, as m this case. I
am not aware that their right to do so has ever been
seriously called in question; at any rate, it is safe
to say that the exercise of this'power by, the
people has never been deprecated or condemned
by Congress as illegal or revolutionary.
This right is now put in issue. It is said by
the President of the United States, and said by
the distinguished gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Clark,] whose signature is appended to this mi-
nority report, that the people of Kansas had no
right to make a constitution. Mr. Speaker, there
are few political heresies known to the world that
this Administration has not fallen into, and one
of the worst and most injurious to our progressive
society is the dogma in which he announces that
one Congress cannot repeal a law made by another
Congress; that our laws, like those of the Medes
and Persians, are irreversible. I now pass to
consider whether the people of a Territory can be
restricted of a constitutional privilege, and whether
this act is such a privilege. .
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man from Kansas allow me to say 
Mr. PARROTT. I cannot yield now. I am
at this moment speaking of the President. I will
come to you in a moment. [Laughter.] The
President says, in his message to the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, second session, lie does not presume
the people of Kansas will have the hardihood to
frame another constitution without the consent of
Congress. And now, sir, what is the application
longer threatened. The summing up of the vote
showed a majority of five to one in favor of the ji of the people of Kansas upon which we are now
State movement. In the next place, the conven- ij to act but an application upon their part to Con-
tion having been called, came an election for del
egates to represent the people therein. 1 his ques-
tion excited a universal interest and a warm contest
in every district of the Territory. The delegates
were chosen; the convention met; a constitution
wasframed. Itwassubmittedforratification some
two months after its adoption by the convention
and its publication and circulation among the peo-
ple. The election was again a special one, tor
this purpose, and for this alone. The constitution
was ratiiied by two thirds of the votes cast; and
I think I may reasonably assume, that, but for
false arguments employed to mislead the public
mmd m respect to some material clausesof the
instrument—particularly the article on suilrage—
the vote againstit would have been wholly insig-
nificant. In point of fact, therefore, the consti-
tution may bo taken as acceptable to nearly the
entire body of the people of the Territory. Nor
does this approval stand alone. The sober second
thought of the people is not wanting; for it was
put in issue again m the election of a Delegate,
among* whose prominent duties would be that
which! am now attempting to peiform, to wit:
the pressing of the constitution upon Congress;
and in this the former emphatic expression was
renewed. Finally,a third tune, this judgment was
reaffirmed in electing State ofHeers and a State
Legislature from the ranks of the party friendly
to the constitution. Thus it appears now, beyond
doubt or cavil, that the public interest and ap-
proval, not strong in the iirstpart, rose at last to
a height of zeal corresponding to the magnitude
of the movement, and bore up by heavy and re-
peated verdicts, through many tnals, the friends
of a State government under this constitution.
This much is clear, and can foim no part of any
controversy arising out ot the consideration of
this subject: that the people of the Territory
did, deliberately and dispassionately, demand a
convention to frame a constitution and State gov-
ernment; that they constituted a convention of
delegates, freely and fairly chosen from among
themselves, to make such constitution; and finally,
that they did thrice declare their entire and un-
givss to repeal the restrictive clause of the Eng-
lish bill? Js it lawless for the people of Kansas
to petition Congress fur a redress of their griev-
ances? That, sir, is no new question; but it pre-
sents the very point m issue. In the year 1836,
in the case of Arkansas, this whole question was
presented, discussed, and decided: that the pre-
sentation of a constitution, framed by a constitu-
tional convention, was nothing but an exercise ot
the great constitutional prerogative of the people
to petition Congress for a redress of their griev-
ances. And this is the mode; this is the paitic-
ular degree of relief for which they have prayed.
Attorney General Butler, speaking oi this Ar-
kansas case, said, in relation to the right of the
people of a Territory 111 this respect:
" They undoubtedly posses tin* ordinary privilege-* and
immunities of citizens of the United States. Among tluve
is the right of the people pcaceably to assemble and peti-
tion the Government lor the redress of grievances. In the
exeicise of this right the inhabitants " * * *
"may meet together in pumaiy assemblies 01 in conven-
tion" * * * * <* for the puipose of petition-
ing Congiess to abrogate the teiritoual government, and to
admit them into the Union as an independent State. The
particular foim which they may give to their petition can-
not be material so long a* they confine themselves to the
mere right of petitioning and conduct ail then pioceedings
in a peaceable manner. If, therelore, they see pioper to
accompany their petition by a wntten constitution, fiamed
and agieed on by them," * * ~ * "I per-
ceive 110 legal objection to their light to do so."
So I say now, to the gentleman from Missouri.
When he assumes that the people of Kansas are
guilty of lawlessness, because they have assem-
bled m convention, I tell him that his English bill
is inoperative and void, because it is in contraven-
tion of the right guarantied by the Constitution
to the people, peaceably to assemble and petition
Congress for a redress of their grievances.
Bui, sir, right here let me observe to that gen-
tleman, that there is another point to which I wish
to call his attention. He has been very free m
bringing in a bill of indictment against the people
whom 1 represent; and I must be allowed to ob-
serve, with all due*respect to him, that incomes
with peculiar infelicity fromacitizen ofMissoun
in his place here to charge the people of Kansas
