I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
36tii Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas— Mr. Parrott.
Ho. of Reps.
with lawlessncssanddisordcr. All now see clearly
the true aspcct of this feature of the case, notwith-
standing the most industrious efforts have been
made to conceal it from the public eye. It is
now known, as well as anything ever can or will
bo known, that it was the repeated raids of ruf-
fians and c,ut-throats of Missouri, with a view to
overwhelm the infantsettlements of the Territory,
that first set burning in Kansas Territory the fire
that afterwards spread all over the land, and re-
cently broke out with such fatal fierceness at Har-
per's Ferry, m Virginia.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to say that he is in great error,
both m his remarks, and in the spirit in which
he dv-livors them, against the people of Missouri.
Mr. PARROTT. I was not speaking of the
people of Missouri.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman was
in error, as the history of the times will show.
Mr. PARROTT. The gentleman must not
take up my time by going into a prolonged dis-
cussion of that matter; we can do that, if neces-
saty, another time.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I just want to say
that the history of the times will show that it was,
if men went into Kansas from Missouri for un-
lawful purposes, they weie instigated to go there
by the persons who were selected and sent out
bythe emigrant aid societies of New England.
[Laughter on the Republican .side.]
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman from Kansas
yields to me to reply to the lemark of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Clark] in relation to
the New England Emigiant Aid Company. On
several- occasions I have sought the floor, when
charges have been made hero against that com-
pany, fm the purpose of showing what it was,
and how it acted. I have, in one speech made in
this Hill, defined its operations; I have shown it
to he simply a business organization, conducted
on business principles, for the purpose of making
investments m the Territory of Kansas. They
never paid any one's expenses to that Territory;
they lwi'i expended one dollar in the purchase
of arms for any of the people who went to that
Territory; they never made any contributions of
money in the shape of gifts at any time; they had
in view simply and always legitimate business
purposes; and if they failed to conduct their op-
erations upon legitimate business principles, they
were anvnable to the courts of justice whenever
they \ioiated the rules that govern business cor-
porations; but that lias never been charged; no
suit has ever been brought against them.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts permit me topsk him whether the proj-
ect of this emigrant aid project did not originate
amongst politicians in Washington city, for the
accomplishment of political purposes? «
Mr. THAYER. No, sir. On the contrary, I
originated the plan myself. I framed the charter
of that Emigrant Aid Company. I laid every tim-
ber in the plan of its organization, and am alone
responsible for it. I was a member of the Mas-
sachusetts Legislature at the time; and if the Kan-
sas and Ncbiaska bill-had not passed, I would
have applied the energies of the company to some
other purpose; but that bill having passed, 1
thought it opened a very good field for operation.
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow mc
to propound another question ?
M r. PARROTT. I must object to my time be-
ing consumed by this interlocutory discussion.
Mr. REAGAN. I only wished to ask the gen-
tleman whether the plan had not previously been
set oi\ foot here, in Washington, by Senators and
Representatives in Congress, to accomplish a po-
litical purpose 5
Tlie SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair must
arrest this irregular discussion, unless the gentle-
man from Kansas yields.
Mr. PARROTT. I cannot yield, unless the
House will extend my time.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman from Kan-
sas is willing to give me the opportunity, I should
be siud to answer the gentleman from Texas; and
I ask him to repeat his question.
Mr. REAGAN. What I asked was, whether
the movement of which he speaks in Massachu-
setts, was not subsequent to the setting on foot
of a scheme for an emigrant aid society in this
city, by politicians, for political purposes, during
the winter of 1854.
Mr. THAYER. On the contrary, that was sub-
sequent to the origin of this Emigrant Aid Com-
pany in Massachusetts. As early as February,
1854, the plan of this company was formed and
published in Massachusetts. The Kansas and
Nebraska bill was not passed until May, in that
year, and some movement was made by politicians
here in Washington relative to some kind of a so-
ciety to settle Kansas—I think in June or July of
that year. But this Washington scheme never
was put in operation. If there was anything that
took precedence of this emigrant aid organization,
it was the blue lodges of Missouri, [laughter,]
which were, I believe, formed prior to that time;
and which had resolved that the Yankees should
never go into Kansas, if bayonets and revolvers
could keep them out. The Emigrant Aid Society,
however, never sent any men there except peace-
able men, who went to'Kansas for peaceable and
friendly purposes. The company never so much
as inquired what were their politics. Among its
original corporators were Whigs, Democrats,
and Frcc-Soilcrs. If its labors and investments
and encouragement of emigration have resulted in
making Kansas a free State, as gentlemen claim,
I have only to say it was done according to law.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man permit me to say 
Mi. PARROTT. I cannot yield further. I
cannot stop now to discuss emigrant aid societies
or blue lodges. I know all about those compa-
nies. 1 received no aid in going to Kansas my-
self, and 1 believe a vast majority of the people
who went to Kansas, went there without the aid
of the New England Emigrant Aid Society, though
the efforts of that association were doubtless well
meant. I am discussing the charge brought for-
ward against my constituency; and I wish to say
now and here that it is false and slanderous to
charge that they have ever resisted the laws of the
United States, or that they are disloyal or revolu-
tionary, either in any part of their history or in
their present attitude.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man if history will pYove that the people of Kan-
sas have not resisted indictments?
Mr. PARROTT. i am going to tell you about
that in a few moments.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to these
inteiruptions.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. And I wish to ask
the gentleman, at the same time, whether he in-
tended to apply the language " false and slander-
ousto me '
Mr. PARROTT. Not at all. I disclaim any
disrespect to the gentleman from Missouri. I am
answering the gentleman's argument. I am an-
swering a printed argument addressed to this
House; and, if the judgment of this House be that
I am trespassing upon its rules of order, I will
not pursue this line of remark further. [Cries of
u Go on!" " Go on !"]
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Ci.ark] wants me to tell him whether the people
of Kansas have not resisted indictments. God
forbid that I should ever deny that the people
of Kansas did resist the execution of the terri-
torial laws. That, sir, in my judgment, consti-
tutes one of the chiefest glories of that people in
their memorable struggle for the preservation of
their personal and political rights.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope the gentle-
man will permit mc to make a suggestion. Did
the people of Kansas confine their resistance en-
tirely to territorial laws?
Mr. PARROTT. They did; but I am now
on the point of the territorial laws. Mr. Speaker,
I recognize nothing as law, except the will of the
people legally expressed; and the laws resisted by
my constituency—or evaded is the better term,
though I do not shrink from anything in this re-
spect; I say they were spuriousand null—thelaws
they evaded, sir, were not the will of the people
legally expressed. No, sir; they \verc the enact-
ments of a Missouri mob, clothed with the thin
semblance of law. They were made in fraud.
They were themselves fraud. They were intended
to promote and encourage fraud. By means of
these pretended enactments the most refined cruel-
ty was practiced, through the connivance of the
districtcourt—a creation of theusurpation—under
whose process grand juries were packed and in-
dictments fabricated against innocent men. The
Government never had the hardihood to bring
these cases before a traverse jury. And, sir, they
were only executed by the aid of Federal ap-
pointees, sent to that Territory from abroad. The
largest bounties of Federal patronage stimulated
these competing scoundrels to outdo each other
in works of infamous rascality. [Sensation and
laughter.] They never found, and they never
could find, citizens of Kansas Territory who
would stand up in favor of these pretended laws.
Sir, when you come to speak of devotion to law,
I challenge any man to show me a constituency
which has sacrificcd more in behalf of the institu-
tions and laws of the country than that which I
am proud to represent and defend upon this floor.
They have submitted even to the color of Federal
authority, in my judgment, not always wisely;
but thfcy have done so. They have had their
peaceable political conventions broken up by Uni-
ted States soldiery. They have had their homes
desolated and laid waste, and their lives imperiled,
by commissioned mobs, sailing through the coun-
try for the purpose of hunting out and hounding
down every man who resisted 1 heir cruel exac-
tions. The whole land has been filled with the fury
and passions of Pandemonium by the exercise of
pretended Federal authority in that Territory.
They have always submitted to these exactions,
however unjust.
I know that it is indeed difficult for men to main-
tain such a position; and I am nor at all surprised,
Mr. Speaker, that paitisan zeal should have
heaped upon my constituency the charge of revo-
lutionary conduct. It is indeed difficult to draw
the line "between legitimate and illegitimate oppo-
sition. They have chosen, sir, to submit, ana to
take the consequences, as a lesser evil than the
odium of insurrection. There may have been—
there has been—an occasional exceptional adven-
turer who, in the fury of passion, raised his arm
against the authoiity of the United States; but ihat
has been a bubble upon the surface—a pimple on
the skin; the great popular heart has been sweet
and sound to the core in loyalty and devotion to
the institutions of the country. So much for that?
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to consider further
the objections which are stated in the minority
report. It is said that there are not enough people
in the Territory; and that, sir, is said by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] m the face of
the fact that, with little moie than one half the pres-
ent population, he proffered a willing and long-
continued support to the Lecompton constitution.
Ru* these objectors are of two classes: the first,
who deny that there is sufficient population in the
Territory; and the second, who, if there be sufH- 4
cient population, deny that that sufficiency has
been legally ascertained. 1 reply to the firstclass
by saying it is not true in point of fact that there
are not ninety-three thousand people in the Terri-
tory of Kansas. I have four distinct sources from
which I derive my information upon that subject.
The first, is the actual vote polled at the general
elections of 1859; the second, registered voters of
the Territory; the third, a census taken bythe
people; and the fourth, the taxable property as-
sessed by the assessors of the Territory. They
all agree in making the aggregate population of the
Territory at least ninety-three thousand people.
I will say, here, in answer to the interrogatory
of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Aduain,]
put to mc awhile ago, that the population of Kan-
sas does not fall short of one hundred thousand,
in my judgment. We have, first, over twenty
thousand people registered of six months' resi-
dence. We have, in the second place, two gen-
eral elections—the election on the ratification, and
the election for Delegate to Congress—at each of
which seventeen thousand votes were cast. I ask
gentlemen upon all sides who are familiar with
these things, how many voters they suppose, in
a scattered Territory like ours, from some inabil-
ity or another, were kept away from the poUs? It
is not too much to say, and hardly. I think, too
much to ask from a candid opponent, the conces-
sion that there must be at least, when seventeen
thousand votes have been polled at three general
elections, twenty thousand voters in that Terri-
tory.
