1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEL
2509
came threats of an attack during the following
night on the Hotel in which he was lodged; then
a request from the landlord that he should quit,
in order to preserve the Hotel itself from the im-
pending danger of an infuriate mob; then a com-
mittee of Slave-masters, who politely proposed to
conduct hirn to the boat. Thus arrested in his
simple errand of good will, this venerable public
servant, whose appearance alone—like that of the
"grave and pious man" mentioned by Virgil—
would have softened any mob not inspired by
Slavery, yielded to the ejectment proposed—pre-
cisely as the prisoner yields to the officers of the
law—and left Charleston, while a person in the
crowd was heard to offer himself as " the leader
of a tar-and-feather gang to be called into the ser-
vice of the city on the occasion." Nor is this
all. The Legislature a second time "caught"
the fever, and, yielding to its influence, passed
another statute forbidding under severe penalties
any person within the State from accepting a
commission to befriend these colored mariners,
and under penalties severer still, extending even
to imprisonment for life, prohibiting any person
" on his own behalf or by virtue of any authority
from any State, to come within South Carolina
for this purpose;" and then, to complete its work,
the Legislature took away the writ of habeas cor-
pus from all such mariners.
Such is a simple narrative founded on authentic
documents, luo notadduce it nowfor criticism,
but simply to enroll it in all its stages—beginning
with the earliest pretension of South Carolina,
continuing in violence, and ending in yet other
pretensions—among the special instances where
the Barbarism of Slavery stands confessed even
in official conduct. And yet this transaction,
which may well give to South Carolina the char-
acter of a shore " where shipwrecked mariners
dread to land," has been openly vindicated in all
its details from beginning to end by both the Sen-
ators from that State, while one of them, [Mr.
Hammond,] in the same breath, lias borne his
testimony from personal knowledge to the char-
acter of the public agent thus maltreated, saying,
" he Was a pleasant, kind old gentleman, and I
had a sort of friendship for him during the short
time I sat near him in Congress."
Thus, sir, whether we look at individuals or at
the community whefc Slavery exists, at lawless
outbreaks or at official conduct, Slave-masters are
always the same. Enough, you will say, has
been said. Yes; enough to expose Slavery, but
not enough forTruth. The most instructive and
most grievous part still remains. It is the exhi-
bition of Slave-masters in Congressional history.
Of course, the representative reflects the character
as well as the political opinions of the constituents
whose will it is his boast to obey. It follows
that the passions and habits of Slave-masters are
naturally represented in Congress—chastened to
a certain extent, perhaps, by tho requirements of
Parliamentary Law, but breaking out in fearful
examples. And here, again, facts shall speak, as
nothing else can.
In proceeding with this duty, to which, as you
will perceive, I am impelled by the positive re-
quirements of this debate, I crtjve the indulgence
of the Senate, while, avoiding all allusions to pri-
vate life or private character, and touching simply
what is of record, and already " enrolled in the
Capitol," 1 present a few only of many instances,
which, especially during these latter days, since
Slavery has become paramount, have taken their
place in our national history.
Here is an instance. On the 15th of February,
1837, R. M. Whitney was arraigned before the
House of Representatives for contempt, in refus-
ing to attend, when required, before a Committee
of investigation into the administration of the
Executive' oflice. His excuse was, that he could
not attend without exposing himself thereby to
outrage and violence in the 6ommittee-room; and
on examination at the bar of tho House, Mr.
Fairfield, a member of the Committee, afterwards
a member of this body, and Governor of Maine,
testified to the actual facts. It appeared that Mr.
Peyton, a Slave-master from Tennessee, and a
member of the Committee, regarding a certain
answer in writing by Mr. Whitney to an inter-
rogatory propounded by luni as offensive, broke
out in these words: "Mr. Chairman, I wish you
to inform this witness, that he is not to insult me in
his answers; if hedoes, God damn him! I will take
his lifcpn the spot!" Thewitness, rising,claimed
the protection of the Committee; on which Mr.
Peyton exclaimed: " God damn you, you shan't
speak; you shan't say one word while you are in
this room; if you do, I will put you to death."
Mr. Wise, another Slave-master from Virginia,
Chairman of the Committee, and latterly Gov-
ernor of Virginia, then intervened, saying, " Yes,
this damned insolence is insufferable.'' Soon after,
Mr. Peyton,observing thatthe witness was look-
ing at him, cried out, " Damn him, his eyes are
on me—God damn him, he is looking at me—ho
shan't do it—damn him, he shan't look at mfc."
These things, and much more, disclosed by
Mr. Fairfield, in reply to interrogatories in the
House, were confirmed by other witnesses, and
Mr. Wise himself in a speech made the admission
that he was armed with deadly weapons, saying,
" I watched the motion of that right arm, [of the
witness,] the elbow of which could be seen by
me, and had it moved one inch, lie had died on
the spot. This was my determination."
All this will be found in the 13th volume of the
Congressional Debates with the evidence in de-
tail, and tho discussion thereupon.
Here is another instance of similar character,
which did not occur in a Committee-room, but
during debate in the Senate Chamber. While
the Compromise measures were under discussion
in 1850, on tho 17th of April, 1850, Mr. Foote, a
Slave-master from Mississippi, in the course of
his remarks, commenced a personal allusion to
Mr. Benton. This was aggravated by the cir-
cumstance that only a few days previously he had
made this distinguished gentleman the mark for
most bitter and vindictive personalities. Mr.
Benton rose at once from his seat, and, with an
angry countenance, but without weapons of any
kind in his hand, or, as it appeared afterward
before tile Committee, on his person, advanced
in the direction of Mr. Foote, when the latter,
gliding backwards, drew from his pocket a fivc-
chambered revolver, full loaded, which he cocked.
Meanwhile Mr. Benton, at the suggestion of
friends, was already returning to his seat, when he
perceived the pistol". Excited greatly by this deadly
menace, he exclaimed: *' I am not armed. 1 have
no pistols. I disdain to eairy aims. Standout
of the way, and let the assas&in flic." Mr. Foote
remained standing in tho position he Ifad taken,
with his pistol in his hand, cocked. "Soon
after," says the report of the committee appointed
to investigate this occurrence, " both Senators re-
sumed their seats, and order was restored."
All this will be found as length in the twenty-
first volume of the Congressional Globe.
Another instance, winch belongs to the same
class, is given by the Hon. William Jay, a writer
of singular accuracy, and of the truest pnnciplc,
who has done much to illustrate the history of
our country. It is this: Mr. Dawson, a Slave-
master from Louisiana, and a member of the
House of Representatives, went up to another
member on the floor of the House, and addressed
to him these words: " If you attempt to speak,
or rise from your seat, sir, by God, I'll cut your
throat."
The Duel, which at home in the Slave States is
"twin" with the " street-fight," is also "twin"
with these instances. It is constantly adopted or
attempted by Slave-masters in Congress. But I
shall not enter upon this catalogue. I content
myself with showing the openness with which in
debate it has been menaced, and without any call
to order.
Mr. Foote, the same Slave-master already men-
tioned, in debate in the Senate, 26th of March,
1850, thus sought to provoke Mr. ISonton. I take
his words from the Congressional Globe, vol. 21,
p. 003:
" There are instances in the history of the Senator which
might well lelievc a man of honor 1'iom the obligation to
recognize him ns a fitting antasonlH; yet it is iiotwith-
-tanciuig true, that, if the Senator from Missouri will deign
to acknowledge himself responsible to the laus of honor, he
shall have a very o<u ly opportunity of proving his prowess
m content with one over whom 1 hold perfect control; or,
if lie feels in the least degree aggueved afe an} thing which
has fallen from me, he shall, on demanding it, havefullie-
dress accordcd to him, accnidins to ttie said laws of honor.
I do lint denounce him as a coward; such language n un-
fitted for this audience; but if lie wishes to patch up his
reputation for courage, now greatly on the wane, lie will
certainly have an opportunity of doing so whenever he make*
his desires known in the premises. At present he is shielded
by Ins age, his open disavowal of the obligatory laws of honor,
anil his Senatorial privileges.''
With such bitter taunts and reiterated provo-
cations to the Duel was Mr. Benton pursued; but
there was no call to order, iior any action of tha
Senate on this outrage.
Here is another instance. In debate in the
Senate on the 27th February, 1852, Mr. Clem-
ens, a Slave-master of Alabama, thus directly
attacked Mr. Rhett for undertakings settle their
differences by argument in theSenate, rather than
by the duel. " No man," said he, " with the
feeling of a ntan in his bosom, would have sought
redress here. He would have looked for it else-
where. He now comes here not to ask redress
in the only way he should have sought it."
There was no call to order.
Here is still another. In the debate of the bill
for the improvement of Rivers and Harbors, 29th
July, 1854, (Congressional Globe, vol. 29, Appen-
dix, page 1163,) the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Rkvjamin,] who is still a member of this
body,ardentfor Slavery, while professing to avoid
personal altercation in the Senate, especially "with
a gfcntleman who professes the principles of non-
rcsistance, as he understood the Senator from
New York does," proceeded most earnestly to
repel an imagined imputation on him by Mr.
Seward, and wound up by saying: " If it came
from another quarter, it would not be upon this
floor that I should answer it."
And then, during the present session, the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] who speaks
so often for Slavery, in a colloquy oil this floor
with the Senatorfrom Vermont, [Mr. Collameii,]
has maintained the Duel as a mode of settling
personal differences and vindicating what is callcd
personal honor; as if personal honor did not de-
pend absolutely upon what a man docs, and not
what is done to him. " A gentleman," says the
Senator, " has the right to give an insult, if he
feels himself bound to answer for it;11 and in reply to
the Senator from Vermont, he declared that, in
case of insult, taking another out and shooting
him might be "satisfaction."
I do not dwell on this instance, nor on any of
these instances, except to make a single comment.
These declarations have all been made in open*
Senate, without any check from the Chair. Of
course, they are clear violations of the first prin-
ciples of Parliamentary Law,and tend directly to
provoke a violation of the law of the land. AH
duels are prohibited by solemn act of Congress.
(See Statutes at Large, vol. 5, page 318, Febru-
ary 20, 1839'.) In case of death, the surviving
parties are declared^ guilty of felony, to be pun-
ished by hard labor in the penitentiary; and, even
tyherc nothing has occurred beyond the challenge,
all the parties to it, whether givers or receivers,
are declared guilty of highcrimcand misdemeanor,
also to be punished byhard labor in the peniten-
tiary. Of course, every mcnace of a duel in Con-
gress sets this law at defiance. And yet the Sen-
ators, who thus openly disregard a law sanctioned
by the Constitution and commended by morality,
presume to complain on this floor because other
Senators disregard the Fugitive Slave Bill, a stat-
ute which,according to the profound convictions
of large numbers, is as unconstitutional as it is
offensive to the moral sense. Let Senators who
are so clamorous for " the enforcement of laws,"
begin by enforcing the statute which declares the
Duel to be a felony. At least,let tho statute ccase
to be a dead letter in this Chamber. But this is
too much to expect while Slavery prevails here,
for the Duel is a part of that System of Violence
which has its origin in Slavery.
But it is when aroused by the Slave Question
in Congress that Slave-masters have most truly
shown themselves; and here again I shall speak
only of what has already passed into history.
Even in that earliest debate, in the First Congress
after the Constitution, on the memorial of Dr.
Franklin, simply calling upon Congress "to step
to tho verge of'its powers to discourage every
species of traffic in our fellow-men," the Slave-
masters became angry, indulged in sneers at "the
men in the gallery!" being Quakers and Aboli-
tionists, and, according to tho faithful historian,
Hildreth, poured out "torrents of abuse," while
one of them began the charge so often since di-
rected against all Anti-Slavery men, by declaring
his astonishment that Dr. Franklin had "given
countenance to an application which called upon
Congress, in explicit terms, to break a solemn
compact to which he had himself been a party,
