1656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
properly bo ascribed to rae that, from a desire
to shrink responsibilities that devolved on me,
or from a desire to promote any sinister ends, I
had voted in departure from the faith of a pre-
vious vote that I had given; but I should never
be apprehensive of its being charged on me as an
inconsistency that I had changed my mind, and
changed my policy with it.
But, sir, here again is the interpretation that
the Senator puts on his principle. What was the
graduation bill ? It was an effort on the part of
those who represented the older States, where
there were no public lands, to save from the wreck
of the public domain, as far as they could, some-
thing from the general and apparent purpose of
the legislation of the country to appropriate those
public lands to the States where they were found
without paying for them at all. It was said con-
stantly by honorable Senators here from the new
States, where there are public lands—and they
said it with truth, and I felt the force of the ap-
peal—that it was a matter of great moment to those
States to have their lands settled; and they were
held at such high prices, or upon such rigorous
terms, as represented by them,as prevented their
settlement; and that measure of graduating the
price of the public; lands was one introduced with
their assent and with their vote, for the purpose
of doing—what? Of carrying out any policy in the
Government to give homesteads or lands to those
who were either unable or too worthless to buy
them? No; the furthest thing from it; butitwas
in response to that demand of the landholding
States that the prices of land should be graduated
in proportion to their actual value and to their
fertility; and that when the Government had of-
fered the lands for sale for a certain period, and
they had not been entered at the minimum price
of $1 25, then that they should be open to entry
at lower rates; and the lands were graduated ac-
cording to the times they had been in the market
■—thatheing adopted as the best standard, and a
very proximate one it was (at least it was the best
standard) of the comparative fertility of the lands.
The highest price, I think, in that bill, was one
dollar, and the lowest twelve and a half cents.
There was no homestead in that—I moan to say
no policy of the homestead bill. It was a gradu-
ation measure which I understood would bo ac-
ceptable to the landholding States and which was
modeled by a concurrence of opinion between
them and carried into effect. Its practical opera-
tion has been, according to my recollection, that
although it seemed to be well devised in theory,
it has had little effect in practice.
Mr. President, I did not design anything farther
yesterday than to bring to the notice of the Sen-
ate the necessary operation of this bill brought
from the other House, and which is now the sub-
ject of our deliberations. The necessary effcct
will be to transplant, by the allurement of land
gratuities at the public expense, people from the
non-slaveholding States to preoccupy these lands
in the Territory, to the exclusion of thoso from
the slavcholding States; and I said, and still be-
lieve, that if the policy should be adopted, it
would be followed up on the part of the people of
the free States by bringing to the aid of the law,
emigrant aid societies to force out that sort of
population. I cannot vote for it in any form or
slutpe, not only because it seems to have that pol-
icy? but becausc I should be opposed to the whole
fcystem of making gratuities of the public lands.
In reference to the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, I certainly did not mean to provoke any
quarrel on this side of the Chamber; I meant to
coll his attention only to the necessary effect of
his policy m the hands in which it now was; and
my suggestion to him, certainly not an admoni-
tion, was, that he should neither touch nor handle
the unclean thing.
Mr. WIGFALL. I propose, Mr. President,
as briefly as I can—and I will promise those Sen-
ators who will give me their attention, to be brief
—to answer somewhat the remarks which were
made by the Senator from Tennessee, and to dis-
cus*: the measure before the Senate- Before ad-
dressing the Senate I beg that an amendment
which I introduced the day before yesterday may
be read, as I propose to speak to that amendment.
The Secretary read tnc proposed amendment
of Mr. Wigfall, which is, to strikeout all after
the enacting clause of the bill, and insert:
Thru < U the public lands in any of the United State*,
with the exception of such portions as are now set aside,
or as may, before the terras of this act are accepted by the
States respectively, be set aside as sites for public works of
the United States, shall be ceded to any of the United States,
within the limits of which said public lands may be situ-
ated, as soon as any of said States may have complied with
the provisions and conditions of this aet hereinafter set
forth:
First. That said States shall severally pass acts, to be ir-
revocable, that they will annually pay to the United States
• per centum of the gross amount of the sales of such
lands, and of all grants and donations made by said States,
estimating the price of said grants or donations at the
price of the same clas3 of lands at the time of said grant or
donation.
Sccond. The present graduation laws of the United States
shall apply to all sucli lands ceded, but may? at any time,
be altered by said States, with the consent ol the Congress
of the United Scates.
Third. That this cession, together with the portion of
the sales to be letained by the States, respectively, under
the provisions of this act, shall be in full of the five per
centum fund, or any part thereof not already accrued to
any State; and that the said States shall be exclusively
liable for ail charges that may hereafter arise from the sur-
veys, sales, and management of the public lands, and ex-
tinguishment of Indian title, within the limits of said
States, respectively.
Fourth. That after any of said States shall have accepted
this ccssion, the same shall become null upon any of said
States failing to comply with the terms of said cession; and
it shall be the duty of the President of the United States to
announce by proclamation said failure of said State, and
that all title derived fiom said State by sale, grant, or do-
nation, after the issue of said proclamation, shall be void.
Fifth. That any person settling upon any portion of eaid
lands so coded to any State, accoidmg to the terms and
provisions of any laws of said State, shall be allowed to ic-
mam in undisturbed possession of the same for the space of
five ycais, within which time he shall be rcquiicd to pay
the graduation price; and that if said price be not paid, as
aforesaid, then the said land shall be subject to relocation
and entry.
Sixth. That said lands so ceded shall remain subject to the
satisfaction of all charges upon the public lands of the
United States now existing by law, and shall be liable to
sale and location under the existing laws and treaty stip-
ulations of the United States; and all lands ceded by this
act which may be taken, after the approval thereof, m satis-
faction of any' unlocated military bounty warrant issued by
the United States, shall be estimated at the price per acre
to which such lands may have graduated under the act of
August 4,1854; and for thcamountthus estimated, of loca-
tions within any State, acicdit shall be allowed to such
State in the annnal settlement hereinbefore piovided for,
of the per centum to be paid to the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That whenever the
President of the United States shall be officially notified
that any of the States aforesaid has accepted the terms of
this act, he shall, as soon thereafter as convenient, cause
all the land olfices in said State to be closed.
Sec. 3. Jlnd bo it. further enactcd, That from and after the
teims of this act shall have been accepted by any State,
the said State shall be relieved from all compact*, acts, or
ordinances, imposing restrictions on the right of said State
to tax any lands, by her authority, subsequent to the sale
theieof, ceded by this act; and all maps, title, records,
book*, documents, and papers, in the General Land Office,
at Washington, the offices of the survcyois general, and
local land otlices, relative to said lands, shall be subject to
the order and disposition ot the executive of said State, or
certified copies, where the same are not susceptible of
division.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] complains that
this lias been made a party question. Upon this
point I expressed my views some two or three
weeks ago. What fairness is there in a Senator
introducing n party question here, and then com-
plaining: that it is treated as a party question ? Can
you put a kettle on the fire and complain if it boils?
Did not the programme and platform of the Re-
publicans some month or so ago here—I allude
to the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
of course—announce that a protective tariff,- in-
ternal improvements, and the homestead bill, were
the platform of the Republican party? The Sen-
ator from Tennessee introduces a portion of the
platform; and the Republicans avow their determ-
ination to vote for and support it, and he com-
plains that we treat it as a party question. Yester-
day, one of them gave as a reason that it is to
free-soil the territory; to spread the empire of free-
dom; to establish, according to the language, of the
people near whom I live, "God and liberty "over
all the territory that now belongs to the United
States, and of which not the people individually,
but the States, arc owners. I trample upon the
idea that it belongs to the people as individuals;
and I wanted the Senator from Tennessee to an-
swer me what he meant by the people. I ara sick
and tired of this twaddle, this talk about people
as owners of the territory, without using the term
with any definite meaning. Whom does the Sen-
ator mean by the people ? If he means, by people,
the States as contradistinguished from the State
governments, he is right; but lie would not an-
swer. If he means the individuals living in the
thirty-three States, he is wrong. The territory
belongs neither to them individually nor as apo-
litical community. There is no such community
or State as the United States. There is no such
people. This, as a Democrat, ho cannot deny. It
is in the platform. It is the cardinal doctrine of
our creed.
Now, sir, 1 say that this question is one that
we have to decide. It is brought in here by the
Senator from Tennessee, and pressed upon our
consideration. The Republicans have made it a
part of their platform, and yet, when they are
telling us that it is a measure which 13 eminently
calculated to cut our throats, and we believe that
they are at least telling the truth in that, the Sen-
ator from Tennessee complains that we are not
willing to sit down and have our throats cut
quietly, because Tennessee, forsooth, in eighteen
hundred and forty sometime or other, introduced
the measure through her member (himself) of the
other House. He says that it is a Democratic
measure. Why does he call it a Democratic
measure, and upon what authority ? When have
the Democratic party in convention assembled in-
dorsed it ? Who made him the Democratic party
or its exponent? "Upon what meat doth this our
Csesar feed that he hath grown so great?" I want
to know when it became a Democratic measure,
when it became a part of the platform of the Dem-
ocratic party ?
Why, sir, in the very breath in which he in-
formed us that this was a Democratic measure,
Democratic thunder that was stolen by the
Black Republicans, in the very same breath, he
told us that in 1852 and 1854 it had passed the
House of Representatives, all parties votingfor it,
Whigs and Democrats, KnowNothings andRep-
publicans. In 1852 and 1854 all parties voted for
it, he says, and by some legerdemain or other,
that is possibly understood in the mountain region
of Tennessee, of which he has spoken in such
eloquent terms, it becomes ipso facto a Democratic
measure. How, why, and wherefore, I ask?
Sir, what is Democracy? I attempted very
briefly, the other day, to explain what Democracy
was. The Senator may be a Democrat; he may
not be; I do not pretend to say. Wo have a cant
phrase in Texas, " maybe so and maybe so not."
The Democratic party in 1852 and in 1856 adopted
a platform, and in that they declared explicitly
and unqualifiedly that they adopted the Virginia
resolutions of 1798, in one of which it is resolved:
" That this Assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily de-
clare, that it views the powers of tile Federal Government
as resulting from the compact to which the States are par-
ties."
The Democratic party having planted itself
upon the platform that the States are the parties,
and that the Constitution of the United States is
a compact, it is manifest that any man who de-
nies the fact is not a Democrat. His philan-
thropy and sympathies with the poor have noth-
ing to do with the question. He is not a Demo-
crat who denies the doctrines of 1798-'99. The
party is committed to that theory of our Govern-
ment, and who would deny it must leave the
party. The Senator says this is a Democratic
measure. I have already asked when and whGre
the Democratic party indorsed it, or adopted it.
He introduced, and the Black Republicans have
adopted it. Does it become Democratic by his
introduction, or by their adoption? Its legitimacy
I doubt; and I must bo shown some authorita-
tive action of some power authorized to legitimate
such things before I can be induced not to plead
bastardy against the bantling. The Senator says
it is Democratic, and yet the Whigs, the Demo-
crats, the Know Nothings, the Republicans, all
j voted for it a few years ago; and now it is a part
! of the Republican platform!
J; Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me? I
|| have heard him say that five or six times, and I
: should like him to show it me in the Republican
!■ platform.
| Mr. WIGFALL. Yes; I see the Republican
i platform now, [Mr. Seward;] the platform said
so.
r Mi. PUGH. I was about to tell the Senator
j: that it is not in the Republican platform.
: Mr. WIGFALL. I mean that the Senator from
I, New York a few weeks ago, on this floor, an-
j, liounced as a part of the platform the homestead
measure, and a tariff for protection, and internal
improvements.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will permit me, I
