216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Quarles.
Ho. op Reps.
sistencc by plunder and the chase. How will
you protect it? You must do it by building up
an interoceanic railway; and you must do itfur-
. ther by pushing forward the breast-work of States,
, byfortifying the country withstablegovernments,
and opening its wastes to the careful and produc-
tive hands of industry. The commerce which will
soon be pas&ng over that country will more than
justify the legislation which I ask. You have
your gold, and silver, and quicksilver, from Pike's
Peak; your wool and hides from JNfew Mexico;
your precious ores from Nevada. You will soon
have spices, and silks, and teas, from the East,-
pouring along that great railway; and to prepare
the way, to Jay the foundation, to do your part
towards the realization of this vast enterprise, I
ask you to begin, as an important step, in my
judgment, with the admission of Kansas into the
Union.
Mr. Speaker, I have submitted in this desul-
tory way the considerations which occurred to my
mind in regard to this controversy, and I have re-
plied as well as I may to the arguments which
have been adduced against the admission of Kan-
sas. I do not propose to indulge in any discus-
sion of the merely political aspect of this ques-
tion. I may do so at another time. But I will
say this: if gentlemen cannot answer these facts
and arguments, may I not reasonably anticipate
that they will not deny and refuse the conclusions
to which they lead 5 *
I indulge, then, the pleasing anticipation that
the State will be admitted and the controversy so
far closed. Though the Lecompton constitution
is dead, its offspring, the English bill, still lan-
guishes on the statute-book—a monument of the
folly,the incapacity, and the pernicious politics
of the present Administration. Sponge out this
obsolete and inoperative enactment. May I not
venture to remind you that those who now plead
for justice at your hands are brothers of your
blood: revering the same Constitution; obeying
the same laws;speaking the same language cher-
ishing the same traditions of the past; elevated
and enthused by the same hopes of future great-
ness for our country? They have trod " the wine-
press'' of persecution with unflagging firmness,
and come forth with <i spiut winn, it may be, but
unbioken; jubilant, and even defiant; lcady to do
battle in behalf of truth, justice, humanity, and all
things else which contribute to dignify and enno-
ble a people in the judgment of an enlightened
world. With the consummation of this measure
wo shall, I trust, see an era of better feeling in-
itialed. The distempers generated by this'long
and fierce controversy will be like volcanoes burnt
out—in the ashes, lava, and squalid scorirc of which
shall spring "the peaceful olive and the cheeiing
vine."
Ainnssroiv or ka\sas.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. QUARLES,
of tennessee,
In tiie House of Representatives,
Jipril 11, 1860.
The House having under consideration the bill (U. 1'.
No. 23) for the admission of Kansas into the Union—
Mr. QUARLES said:
Mr. Speaker: The wide range which this de-
bate has taken has so completely covered the
points at issue between the friends of this measure
and its opponents, that I shall be forced to re-
hearse much that has already been said by gen-
tlemen who have preceded me; and all I can hope
to accomplish is to glean here and there a straw,
and add it to the rich sheaves of argument and
reason which have been so abundantly thrown at
your feet by the distinguished gentlemen in whose
pathway I tread, " hand prtssibus cequis."
I had hoped, sir, when this subject, so fruitful
of strife, both within the borders of Kansas and
throughout the entire land, came again before the
American Congress, it would be under such cir-
cumstances as to preclude debate; that we might
in silence, if not with a smile of approval, seat
this, our youngest sister, at our council board;
and in order that this result might be attained,
and no room be left for cavil or dispute, on the
4th day of May, 1858, the Congress of the United
States passed what is known as the English or
conference committee bill, by the terms of which
the citizens of the Territory of Kansas were to
determine by a vote whether they would be ad-
mitted as a State under the Lecompton constitu-
tion, with the restrictions as to lands contained in
the said act, or whether they would choose the
alternative presented, and remain*in their territo-
rial condition until it was ascertained by a cen-
sus, duly and legally taken, that their population
should equal or exceed the ratio of representation
required for a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Congress of the United States.
The bill referred to provides as follows:
"At tlie said election the voting shall be by ballot, and
by indorsing on his ballot, as each voter may be pleased,
' proposition accepted,' or ( proposition rejected.' Should
a maiority of the votes cast be lor 'proposition accepted,'
the President of the United States, as soon as the fact is
duly made known to him, shall announce the same by proc-
lamation 5 and thereafter, and withoutanyfurtherpioeeed-
ings on the part of Congress, the admissio;iof the State of
Kansas into the Union upon an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States in all respects whatever shall be complete and
absolute; and said State shall be entitled to one member in
the House of Representatives in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States until the next census be taken by the Fedeial
Government. But should a majority of the votes cast be
for' proposition rejected,' it shall be deemed and held that
tiie people ot KansasdonotdcsneadmissionintotheUmon
with said constitution under the conditions set forth in .said
proposition; and, in that event, the people of said Terri-
tory are hereby authorized and empowered to form for them-
selves a constitution and State government, by the name
of the State of Kansas, aecoidmg to the Fedeial Constitu-
tion; and may elect delegates fot that puipose whenever,
and not before, it is ascei tamed by a census, duly and legally
taken, that the population ofsaidTcrutory equals or exceeds
the ratio of repiesentation required for a member of the
House of Representatives of the Congress of the United
States; and whenever thereafter such delegates shall as-
semble in convention, they shall first determine by a vote
whether it is the wish of the people of the proposed State
to be admitted into the Union at that time; and, if so, shall
proceed to foun a constitution, and take all necessary steps
lor the establishment of a State government, in conformity
with the Federal Constitution, subject to such limitations
and restrictions as to the mode and manner ot its appioval or
ratification by the people of the proposed State as they may
have pieseribed by law, and shall be entitled to admission
Hito the Union as a State under such constitution thus fairly
and legally made, with or without slavery, as said constitu-
tion may prescube."
Under this law of Congress, an election was
held in the manner therein prescribed; and the
citizens oft ho Territory of Kansas determined that
they would remain in their territorial condition,
until it was " ascertained by a census, duly and le-
gally taken, that the population of said Territory
equaled or exceeded the ratio of representation re-
quired for a member of the House of Representatives
ofthe Congress of the United States." Thus,by their
action, accepting the stipulations, terms, and lim-
itations of the bill. The first, question, then, which
we arc called on to decide is, have the require-
ments of this bill, which the citizens of the Terri-
tory have accepted and by the provisions of which
they are bound, been complied with? Has Kan-
sas a right to be heard at the bar of this House,
under the law which it has voluntarily imposed
upon itself ? Has a census been " duly and legally
taken" which shows the Territory to have ntne-
ty-thrcc thousand four hundred and twenty souls ?
If not, by what right can it claim to be admitted
as a State, under any constitution? Will the
friends of the bill claim that after the Territory
has accepted the English bill and noted under it,
it may, at its option, divestitself ofone of the ma-
terial provisions of the law so accepted? Are not
the citizens of that Territory, by then* own volun-
tary action, estopped from denying either the jus-
tice or propriety of the law? Most clearly, sir,
they are. But, sir, it seems that a census has been
Uikcn, as stated by the Delegate from that Terri-
tory, [Mr, Parrott,] but one which he character-
izes as partial and inaccurate, which discloses the
fact that there were at the time of the formation of
this proposed constitution only seventy thousand
souls in the Territory. Here, then, sir, is the reason
why the conference bill is to be abrogated. They
did accept it, acted under it, and pursued its provis-
ions, until it was ascertained that the number of
population fell short of its requirements; and now
it is to be repudiated, and the majority ofthe
Committee on Territories, feeling the weight and
force of this objection, seek to nullify this law,
which remains unrepealed on our statute-book,
the constitutionality of which no one questions,
and base their right to be heard in this House
upon " the right of the people to petition Congress
for redress of grievances."
Sir, are the plain and unmistakable provisions
of the laws of the land to be thus abrogated? Is
one Congress to enact a law, and the succeeding
one sit quietly by and see it ruthlessly violated?
If the law is wrong, repeal it; if its provisions are
onerous, remove the burdens by a legal enactment;
but whilst the statute stands in full force, do not
seek subterfuges and evasions to shield yourselves
from the indignation of the country whose laws
in one breath you make, and in the next violate.
Mr. Speaker, one of the greatest curses with
which we are afflicted, as a people, is the totaldis-
regard and open contempt in which our laws are
held whenever and wherever they may antago-
nize with our preconceived views of public poli-
cy. Individuals openly and defiantly infract them,
without even the semblance of a trial; and sov-
ereign States boastfully nullify them whenever,
in the wantonness of caprice or the selfishness of
interest, they choose to assume the power. Dis-
loyalty to the majesty of the law is our national
mania; and, unless arrested, itmust end in anarchy
and open rebellion to the constituted authorities.
This application of the Territory of Kansas, Mr.
Speaker, is in open violation of a solemn enact-
ment of the national Legislature, and a-n unau-
thorized repudiation of one of the conditions pre-
cedent upon which it was to be admitted as a
State, and that, too, after the a formal acceptance
on its part of the law containing these conditions;
and should, therefore, in myjudgment, be rejected.
Assuming, then, sir, from the foregoing facts,
that the proposed State of Kansas has not the
requisite population, under the conference bill of
the last Congress, to be admitted into this Union
as a State, I submit, is it just to the older States,
teeming with population—with all their great, di-
verse, and sometimes antagonistic interests, to be
equaled in their representation in the Senate of
the United States by a State which does not pos-
sess the requisite population to send a member to
this House? It would be in direct violation of
the almost uniform and unbroken action of the
Congress in regard to new States heretofore ad-
mitted. Oregon is cited as a case in which a State
was admitted with less than a representative pop-
ulation; but I would recall to the remembrance
of the House the real controversy in the case of
the admission of Oregon. It was not a case in
which a departure from this sound and wholesome
rule in regard to the admission of new States was
sought, but merely a question of evidence, as to
whether the then Territory of Oregon had a suffi-
cient population to entitle it to a Representative
on this floor. The principle was conceded to be
correct, and to have been applied to all the new
States, with the solitary exception of Florida,
which had the requisite population at the time of
its application for admission as a State; but, from
the wasting effects of Indian warfare, had been
reduced a fraction below it at the date of its admis-
sion. It was a question of fact, and not of prin-
ciple; and it was admitted as a State upon the
express ground that it had the required number
of population, and the then Delegate [General
Lane] so declared on this floor. In confirmation
of this, as well as in support of the position
then, as now, assumed by my party, 1 beg leave
here, sir, to recite that portion of the minority re-
port of my able and efficient predecessor, Hon. F.
K. Zolhcoffer, in regard to the admission of new
States without a sufficient population to entitle
them to a Representative in Congress—made to
this House on the application of Oregon to bead-
! mittcd as a State—as containing a clear, concise,
| and lucid expose of this principle:
! " The undersigned has not been able to concur with the
! majority of the committee in favor of the bill for the adims-
i sion ot Oregon into the Union.
1 '• The population of the proposed State, in his opinion,
. 1=5 not yet sufficiently large to entitle it to admission. Since
j; the organization of the Fedeial Government nineteen States
:j have been admitted into the Union, and no instance has
I; ever occurred in which a State has been admitted with a
| j population less than the ratio of repiesentation in Congress
! j at the time, with the single exception of Florida, in which
instance the population, at the time of application for ad-
mission, was more than equal to the existing representative
lutio ; but a delay of six years intcivening, the ravages of
Indian warfare and a change mthe ratio, caused the popu-
lation, at the time of actual admission, to lall something be-
low the amount requned by this well-established iuIc. The
rule is founded in wisdom, justice, and the safety of me
