1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
spears of the Austrians, turning them into his
own bosom, and falling upon them, he opened a
way through which his countrymen marched to
liberty and independence. Sir, if there is any-
thing in the political history of this or any other
country which equaled that, it was the action
and the life of John C. Calhoun—the man who
spurne 1 the Presidency? power, place, everything
to save the Constitution of his country; and a
Senator rises now here to-day and attempts to
deride him.
I intend, sir, to answer the twaddle about the
fathers. I am sick and tired of the fathers. There
has been enough of that thing talked of. We are
wiser than they were. We are the old men, and
they were the young men. I care not what their
age or experience was. They organized this Gov-
ernment, and the wisest man in that day could not
tell how the thing would operate; it was utterly
impossible. We have the experience of seventy
years. There are men now—I do not speak of
myself—who have as much education, us much
brains as they had. We have seen the experi-
ment operating for seventy years. It is twaddle
to talk about the wisdom of our ancestors, and
every man knows it. Who is there that, at fifty
years of age, would Jilcc to be bound by his judg-
ment at twenty or twenty-five years ? What na-
tion is there, that is one hundred years old, that
would consent t'o be governed by the wisdom of
the past ccntury? What would be said of our
arrogancc and our presumption if we were to pass
a law here now that was not to be repealed for
one hundred years? If our ancestors had, one
hundred years ago, passed an act of that sort, it
would have been an act precisely of the same sort
as if we were to do it for our successors. Those
who come one hundred years after us will know
more than we do by one hundred years; and so
we know more than our ancestors. They were
the bo)^; we arc the men. They attempted noth-
ing of me sort. They legislated for themselves.
Wc have to legislate for ourselves. L.Gt us not
rely upon their wisdom; but rather, like wise
men, act upon our experience.
If it were true that the homestead bills referred
to by the Senator from Tennessee were passed in
former years—and I have not put myself to the
trouble to investigate, and I care not whether they
were or not—the question comes up now, and the
land question presents itself in very different forms
from what it did formerly. The Senator says that
in 1846, when he introduced this measure, it was
not a sectional question. It is a sectional ques-
tion now. When this Government was organized
no questions were sectional. They are all sec-
tional now. At that time the people of one section
had not made war upon the people of another sec-
tion. There was then no party in this country
determined upon destroying the Government or
civil liberty. Now there is. Then parties differed
not upon sectional questions, but upon the mode
of administering the Government. One party—the
old National, then Federal, then Whig party, and
in that name it died out—that party was full of
patriotism, if not of wisdom. It had genius, and
heart, and love of country; it had sail, if it had not
ballast; it loved its country, and it wanted to see
our eagles spread their wings; it wanted to see a
great powerful nation made out of these States,
that have confederated together. It wanted for-
eign power and dominion. It wanted to gild the
pages of our history. It wanted the American
name as one, the name of one people, to go down
to posterity emblazoned upon the pages of history.
That was the patriotic, though 1 have always
thought misguided, feeling of that old Whig party.
There was another party, the Democrats; first
it was called the Federal, then the Republican,
then the Democratic, and still the Democratic
party. That was for a homespun Government.
U believcd that if you attempted to do much, you
might fail in doing anything; that by establishing
a great national reputation, and becoming a great
Power, we might pay the price of liberty. That
party and Mr. Jefferson, its great teacher, be-
lieved that the best of all Governments was one
that secured to the citizen the right to live in peace
and prosperity, under his own vine and under his
own fig tree, that whatever he might sccure by his
labor should be his own, excepting only so much
as was required to defray the necessary expenses
of the Government.
These were the views of the two parties, there
being no war of classes, of races, or sections;
they differed from each other as one man hap-
pened to have more imagination, and the other
more sense. The old Whigs had the imagination
and the heart, and the Democrats had the brains.
That was the difference. What has been the re-
sult? I said the Democrats had the brains. The
result is, that the Democratic party stands intact
in ever}' State of this Un ion. There that old guard
stands, fighting for the Constitution, organized,
and now ready for the conflict again; and the
Whig party has "died out, and is gone—where?
First, into Know Nothingism, and now into Re-
publicanism. Why is this? To my mind, there
is no difficulty about it. A party that starts out
with the theory of Government that the Whig
party had, that the Constitution meant nothing,
and the preamble meant all; thftf whatever was
for the common defense and general welfare, could
be done by this Government—a party starting out
on that theory, advocating a tariff for protection,
a bank to regulate the currency, internal improve-
ments, and such measures, could very naturally
fall into the error of discussing the question of
whether slavery was an evil or not, and if it were
an evil, then to go for striking at it either directly
or indiroctly.
Hut the Democratic party, denying that the
Government could do anything unless that thing
was found enumerated, or was both necessary
and proper for carrying out the enumerated pow-
ers—denying, therefore, that Congress could pass
a tariff law for any other purpose than for the
purpose of raising revenue for defraying the ex-
penses of the Government; denying thatCongress
could interfere with the currcncyin any manner,
except to declare the value of the coin—denying
these propositions, and others of the same sort,
very naturally came to the conclusion that, as to
the slavery question, it was a matter that they
had no concern with. Hence, the Democratic
party has never been induced to inquire into the
question as to whether slavery was good, bad, or
indifferent; whether it was " fish, flesh, or good
red herring." They had nothing more to do with
it than they had to do with the slave trade or sla-
very in Constantinople; hence it is that one party
has been absorbed by others, and that the other
party stands intact, as it did in the better days of
the Republic.
This being the difference between the parties,
it is not a matter of any conscquence to us what
men in particular days thought upon particular
measures. The question is simply as to the meas-
ure itself: is it wise, is it constitutional, or rather
I would invert the order,first,is Jt constitutional;
and thenisitcxpcdiont? Iam not going to repeat
what I said against the unconstitutionality of this
act the other day. But is it wise ? There is the
question. I have introduced an amendment to
this bill which I think will settle this difficulty.
If there is any rock upon which this Union is
going to be wrecked, it is not the slavery ques-
tion; that is not the disease that we are suffering
under. It is a mere indication of tiie disease.
Nationalism is the disease really under which we
arc suffering, a latitudinariun construction of the
Constitution, and excessive patronage on the part
of the Government. Whenever we bring the in-
habitants of the dUjprcnt States back to a just
consideration of the form of Government under
which we are living, thoy will break up the pat-
ronage and the powcrof the Federal Government
and stop its corruptions, and that will save the
Union.
Now, sir, how is this to be done? One of the
Tennessee Senators [Mr. Nicholson] said the
other day that the motive he had in advocating
this bill was, that by parceling out the lands and
giving theni to individuals who moved into the
Territories, those settlers would have an affec-
tionate regaidfor this Government. That happens
to be precisely the state of things that I do not
want. 1 do not want persons to be carried into
our Territories, and a State to be built up by the
patronage of this Government, who are to feel
that they are the beneficiaries of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and that when the State is admitted into
the Union they have received their all from the
Federal Government and forget that they are a
people and look upon themselves as pensioners.
It would be a most unfortunate state of things if
a people who were to administer one government
should have a greater affection for another gov-
ernment than they had for their own; yet this is
the policy advised. There is an anomaly, and I
may as well touch that at once, I think. The
Government under which we are living is com-
posed of State governments and this EederalGov-
ernment;both derivingthcirpowersfrom the same
source—the people oftheStates. When the Union
was formed tnere was a large territory to be admin-
istered. It has been admitted by the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Nicholson] that, so far as that
territory was concerned, which belonged to the
States at the time they established this Govern-
ment, we could not deal with it otherwise than to
dispose of it for a moneyed consideration; that we
could not give it away; but, he said, as for the
other territory, as for instance the Louisiana pur-
chase—and that he alluded to particularly—it was
acquired for the purpose of making new States.
Now, I beg that the Secretary will read a portion
of the message of Mr. Jefferson, who, though he
is one of the fathers, I think probably knew some-
thing about it.
The Secretary read, as follows;
" Congress witnessed, at their last session, the extraordi-
nary agitation produced in the public mind by the suspen-
sion ot our right to deposit at the port of New Orleans, no
alignment of another place having been made according
to treaty. They wore sensible that the continuance of that
privation would be more injurious to our nation than any
consequences which could flow from any mode of redress;
but reposing just confidcnce in the good faith of the Gov-
ernment whose officer had committed the wrong, iriendly
and reasonable representations were resorted to, and the
right of deposit was restored.
Previous, however, to this period, we had not been un-
aware of the danger to which oui peace would be perpetually
exposed, while so impoitant a key to the commerce of the
western country icmained under a foreign Tower. Diffi-
culties, too, were picscnting themselves as to the navigation
of other streams, which, arising within oui Territories, pass
through those adjacent. Propositions had, theiefore, been
authouzed for obtaining, on fair conditions, the soveieignty
ot New Oileans, and ofother possessions in that quarter in-
teresting to our quiet, to such extent as was deemed prac-
ticable; and the provision.il approbation of $2,000,000, to
be applied and accounted for by the President of the United
States, intended as part of the price, was considered as con-
veying the sanction of Congress to the acquisition proposed.
The enlightened Government ol Fiance saw,with just dis-
cernment, the importance to both nations of such liboiai
airangements as might best and permanently piomote tiie
pcace, friendship, and lnteiests of both ; and the property
and sovereignty of all Louisiana, which bad been lestored
to them, have on certain conditions been transferred to the
United States by instruments bearing date of the 30th of
April lan. When these shall have received the constitu-
tional sanction of the Senate, they will, without delay, bo
communicated to the Representatives also, for the exercise
of their (mictions, as to those conditions which arc within
the powers vested by the Constitution inCongiess. While
the properly and soveteignty ot the Mississippi and its
waters secure an independent outlet for the produce of the
western States, and an uncontrolled navigation through
their whole course, free from collision with other Powers
; and the dangers to our peace from that source, the fertility
; ol" the countty, its climate and exient, promise m due sea-
; son important aids to our Treasury, an ample ptovision for
our posterity, and a wide-spread field lor the blessings of
trecdoni and equal laws."
Mr. WIG-FALL. It will bo seen, from that
message, that if Mr. Jefferson understood his own
| policy, the object of acquiring the Louisiana pur-
chase was not to furnish lands which were to induce
settlement for the purpose of forming now States;
and that the whole object of the acquisition of the
Louisiana Territory was to avoid the then press-
ing and pending difficulties with foreign nations.
The mouth of the Mississippi was owned by a
foreign Power. Wc had by treaty sccurcd a
depot for our goods there; but that treaty stipula-
tion had been violated. There was danger of war,
and under the circumstances it wns deemed pru-
dent to stretch the Constitution a little to avoid
the difficulty of a war with foreign Powers and to
acquire that territory. Having acquired it by
treaty and paid for it out of money in the Federal
Treasury, it became property belonging to the
United States which Congress had the power to
dispose of, just as it had the power to dispose of
any other property belonging to the United States.
I think the Senator from Tennessee is mistaken m
supposing that the object of these future acquisi-
tions was to create new States. It might at that
time, and long after that period, have been wise
in the United States, acting through the Federal
Government, to cncourageand hasten settlement;
yet at another period, the present or some future
period, it might be-the interest of the United States
to discourage settlements. That depends entirely
on the circumstances. The Federal Government
has a right to dispose of that territory and to ad-
minister it. The Federal Government is the trus-
tee for the States; or, if the Senator prefers the
