2602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4
natural and normal condition of the laboring man,
ichite or black."
These more extravagant pretensions reveal still
farther the feebleness of the pretension put forth
by the Senator; while instances, accumulating
constantly, attest the difficulty of discriminating
between the two races. Mr. Paxton, of Virginia,
tells us, that " the best blood in Virginia flows in
the; veins of the slaves;" and fugitive slaves have
been latterly advertised as possessing " a round
face," " blue eyes," " flaxen hair," and as " es-
caping under the pretense of being a-whitc man."
This is not the time to enter upon the great
question of race, in the various lights of religion,
history, and science. Sure I am that they who
understand it best, will be least disposed to the
pretension, which on the assumed ground of in-
feriority would condcmn one race to be the prop-
erty of another. If the African racc be inferior,
as is alleged, then is it the unquestionable duty of
a Christian Civilization to lift it from its degrada-
tion, not by the bludgeon and the chain, not by
this barbarous pretension of ownership; but by
agenerous charity, which shall be measured pre-
cisely by the extent of its inferiority.
The second argument put forward for this pre-
tension, and twice repeated by the Senator from
Mississippi, is, that the Africans are the posterity
of Ham, the son of Noah, through Canaan, who
was cursed by Noah, to be the "servant"—that
is the word employed—of his brethren, and that
this malediction has fallen upon all his descend-
ants, who are accordingly devoted by God to per-
petual bondage, not only m the third and fourth
generations, Uut throughout all succeeding time.
Surely, when the Senator quoted Scripture to en-
force the claim of Slave-masteis, he did not intend
a-jest. And yet it is hard to suppose him in
earnest. The Senator is Chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, in winch he is doubt-
less experienced. He may, perhaps, set a squad-
ron in the field, but he has evidently considered
very little the text of Scripture on which he relies.
The Senator assumes, that u has fixed the doom
of the colored race, leaving untouched the white
race. Perhaps he does not know that, in the
worst days of the Polish aristocracy, this same
argument was adopted as the cxcusc for holding
white serfs in bondage, precisely as it is now put
forward by the Senator, and that even to this day
the angry Polish noble addresses his white peas-
ant as the " son of Ham."
It hardly comports with the gravity of this de-
bate to dwell on such an argument, suid yet I can-
not go wrong if, for the sake of a much-injured
race,-I brush it away. To justify the Senator in
his application of llnsancicnteurwe, he must main-
tain at least five different propositions, as essen-
tial links m the chain of the Airic-Ameriean slave:
first, that, by this malediction, Canaan himself
was actually changed into a "chattel," whereas
he is simply made the " servant" of his brethren;
secondly, that rot merely Canaan, but all Ins pos-
terity, to the remotest generation, was so changed,
whereas the language has no such extent; thirdly,
that the Afric-Amencan actually belongs to the
posterity of Canaan—an ethnological assumption
absurdly difficult to establish; fourthly, that each
of the descendants of Shem and Japheth has a
right to hold an Afirie-American fellow-man, as
a 44 chattel"—a proposition which finds no sem-
blance of support; and fifthly, that every Slave-
master is truly descended fiom Shem or Japheth
—a pedigree which no anxiety can establish! This
plain analysis, which may fitly excite a smile,
shows the five-fold absurdity of an attempt to
found this pretension on
"Any succcssive title, long and dark,
Brawn from the moldy rolls of Noah's ark/'
From the character of these two arguments for
property in man,I am broughtagam to ltsdenial.
It is natural thatSenators who pretend that, by
the law of nature, man may hold property in man,
should find this pretension in the Constitution.
But the pretensionis as much without foundation
in the Constitution as it is without foundation in
nature. It is not too much to say that there is
not one sentence, phrase, or word—not a single
suggestion, hint, or equivocation, even—out°of
which any such pretension can be implied; while
freat national acts and important cotemporaneous
eclarations in the Convention which framed the
Constitution, in different forms of language, and
also controlling rules of interpretation, render this
pretension impossible. Partisans, taking counsel
of their desires, find in the Constitution, as in the
Scriptures, what they incline to find; and never
was this more apparent than when Slave-masters
deceive themselves so far as to find in the Con-
stitution a pretension which exists only in their
own souls.
Looking juridically for one moment at this
question, we shall be brought to the conclusion,
according to the admission of courts and jurists,
first in Europe, and then in our own country, that
Slavery can be derived from no doubtful word or
mere pretension, but only from clear and special
recognition. " The state of Slavery," said Lord
Mansfield, pronouncing judgment in the great
case of Somersett, " is of such a nature that it is
incapable of being introduced on any reasons,
moral or political, but only by positive law. It is
so odious, that nothing can be suffered to support
it but positive law"—that is, express words of
a written text; and this principle, which com-
mends itself to the enlightened reason, has been
adopted by several courts in the Slave States. Of
course, oeirery leaning must be against Slavery. A
pretension so peculiar and offensive—so hostile
to reason—so repugnant to the laws of nature
and the inborn Rights of Man; which, in all its
five-fold wrong, has no other object than to com-
pel fellow-men to work without wages; such a
pretension, so tyrannical, so unjust, so mean, so
barbarous, can find no place in any system of
Government, unless by virtue of positive sanction.
It can spring from no doubtful phrases. It must
be declared by unambiguous words, incapable of
a double sense.
•At the adoption of the Constitution, this rule,
promulgated in the Court of King's Bench, by
the voice of the most finished magistrate in Eng-
lish history, was as well known in our country
as any principle of the common law; especially
was it known to the eminent lawyers m the Con-
vention; nor is it too much to say that the Con-
stitution was framed with this rule on Slavery as
a guide. And the Supreme Court of the United
States, at a later day, m the case of United States
rs. Fisher, 2 Cianch, 390, by the voice of Chief
Justice Marshall, promulgated this same rule, in
words? stronger even than those of Lord Mans-
field, saying: " Where rights are infringed, where
fundamental principles are overthrown, where the
general system of the laws is departed from, the
legislative intention must be expressed with i)rc-
.sistiblc clearness, to induce a court of justice to
suppose a design to eliect such object." It is well
known, however, that these two declarations are
little more than new forms for the ancient rule of
the common law. as expressed by Fortescuc: Im-
pi us et crudclis judicandus est qui Libcrtati non
favct; he is to be adjudged impious and cruel who
does not favor Liberty; and, as expressed by
Blackstone, " The law is always ready to catch
at anything in favor of Liberty."
But, as no prescription runs against the King,
so no prescription is allowed to run against Sla-
very, while all the early victories of Freedom are
set aside by the Slave-masters of to-day. The
prohibition of Slavery m the Missouri Territory,
and all the precedents, legislative and judicial, for
the exercise of this'power, admitted from the be-
ginning until now, have been overturned; but at
last, bolder grown Slave-masters do not hesitate
to assail that principle of jurisprudence which
makes Slavery the creature of ''positive law"
alone, to be upheld only bywords of "irresistible
clearness." The ease of Somersett, in which this
great rule was declared, has been impeached on
this floor, as the Declaration of Independence has
been impeached also. And here the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] has taken the lead. He
has dwelt on the assertion that, in the history of
English law, there were earlier cases, where a
contrary principle was declared. But permit me
to say that no such cases, even if they exist in au-
thentic reports, can impair the influence of this
wcll-considered authority. The Senator knows
well that an old and barbarous case is a poor
answer to a principle, which is brought into ac-
tivity by the demands of an advancing Civiliza-
tion, and which once recognized can never be 1
denied; that jurisprudence is not a dark lantern,
shining in a narrow circle, and never changing,
but a gladsome light, which, slowly emerging
from original darkness, grows and spreads with
human improvement, until at last it becomes as
broad aad general as the Light of Day. Wh£&
the Senator, in this age—leaguing all his forces—
undertakes to drag down that immortal principle,
which made Slavery impossible in England, as,
thank God! it makes Slavery impossible under
the Constitution, he vainly*tugs to drag down a
luminary from the sky.
The enormity of the pretension that Slavery is
sanctioned by the Constitution becomes still more
apparent, when we read the Constitution in the
light of great national acts and of contempora-
neous declarations. First comes the Declaration
of Independence, the illuminated initial letter of
our history, which in familiar words announces
that "all men are created equal; that they are
endowed by their Creator with certain inalien-
able rights; that among these are Life, Liberty,
and the Pursuit of Happiness; that to secure these
rights governments arc instituted among men, de-
riving their just powers from the consent of the
governed." Nor does this Declaration, binding
the consciences of ail who enjoy the privileges it
secured, stand alone. There is another national
act, less known, but in itself a key to the firsj,
when, at the successful close of the Revolution,
the Continental Congress, in a solemn address to
the people, loftiiy announced: 14 Let it be remem-
bered, that it has ever hern the pride and the
boast of America, that the rights for tchich she has
contended were the rights of human nature. By the
blessing of the Author of these rights, they have
pi evaded over all opposition, and form the Basis
of thirteen independent States." Now, what-
ever may be the privileges of States in their in-
dividual cupauties, u tthni their seveiul local juris-
dictions, no power can be attributed to the nation,
in the absence of positive unequivocal grant,
inconsistent with these two national declarations.
Here is the national heart, the national soul, the
national will, the national voice, which must in-
spire our interpretation of the Constitution, and
enter into and diffuse itselfthroughall the national
legislation. Such arc the commanding author-
ities which constitute " Life, Liberty, and the
Pursuit of Happiness," and in more general
^ words, " tho Rights of Human Nature," without
I distinction of rare, or recognition of the curse of
j Ham, as the basis of our national institutions
They need no additional support.
But, in strict harmony with these are the many
utterances in the Convention which framed the
Constitution: of Gouverneur Morris, of Pennsyl-
vania, who announced that " he would never con-
cur in upholding domestic Slavery; itwas anefarious
institution;" of El bridge Gerry, of Massachusetts,
who said " that wc had nothing to do with the
conduct of the States as to Slavery, but we ought
to be careful not to give any sanction to it;" of Roger
Sherman find Oliver Ellsworth, of Connecticut,
and Mr. Gorham, of Massachusetts, who all con-
curred with Mr. Gerry, and especially of Mr. Mad-
ison, of Virginia, who, in mild juridical phrase,
"thought it wrong to admit in the Consti-
tution the idea that there could be prop-
erty in man." And lastly, as if to complete the
elaborate work of Freedom, and to give expres-
sion to ail these utterances, the word k* servitude,"
which had be^n allowed m the clause on the ap-
portionment of Representatives, was struck out,
and the word " service5 'substituted instead. This
final exclusion from the Constitution of the idea
of property in man was on the motion of Mr.
Randolph, of Virginia; and the reason assigned
for the substitution, according to Mr. Madison,
in his authentic report of the debate, was, that
" the former was thought to express the condition
of slaves, and the latter the obligations of free per-
sonsThus, at every point, by great national
declarations, by ftank utterances in the Conven-
tion, and by a positive act in adjusting the textof
the Constitution, was the idea of property in man
unequivocally rejected.
This pretension, which may be dismissed as
utterly baseless, becomes absurd when it is con-
sidered to what result it necessarily conducts. If
the Barbarism of Slavery, in all its five-fold
wrong, is really embodied in the Constitution, so
as to be beyond the reach of prohibition, either
Congressional or local, in the Territories, then,
for the same reason, it must be beyond the roach
of prohibition or abolition, even by local author-
ity in the States themselves, and, just so long as
the Constitution continues unchanged, Tciritq-
ries and States alike must be open to all its blast-
