I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2TT
36tii Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Quarles.
Ho. oi Beps.
Republic, and should never be departed from unless under
the pic^f uro of an overshadowing necessity. In the case of
Oicgon thet c is no such necessity, and a clear want of s?ho vy-
ing oi'population equal to the present ratio of representation.
This is concl usi ve with the undersigned. 13 y the last census,
taken in i8o5-£>o,the population was but forty-three thou-
sand four hundred and seventy-two. The aggregate popular
vote at that time, on the convention question, was nine
thousand two hundred and sixty-one, and for Delegate in
Congiess, ton thousand one hundred and twenty-one. The
popular vote in 1857 had not increased, being, on the con-
vention question, nine thousand two hundred, and ninety-
six, and for Delegate, nine thousand one hundred and thirty-
three. This would seem to indicate a slowly-increasing
population. Yet, m the face of such facts, the Representa-
tive and one of the Senators elect express the opinion that
the population is ' between eighty thousand and one hun-
dred tliou-and,' and the othei Senatorelect thinks it *'very
nearly equal to the ratio.' Still the main fact is wanting
that it is, 111 tact, quite equal to the ratio; and the official
evidence is indicative ofadccided deficiency.
" Jf admitted under these circumstances, the precedent
would be a dangerous one. Othercommunities, with pop-
ulations less than that of a congicssional distuct, would
also knock at the doors of Congress foi admission, and
would be admitted. Such petty communities, erected into
States, would at once assume a footing of exact equality
with the most populous States of the Union. With popu-
lations loss than that of one thiity-third pait of that of the
State of Now Yoik, they would each wiold in the Senate of
the United States a powei equal to thatot New York; and,
ina contingency underthe Constitution, an equal power in
the elections, ot President and Vice President ol the United
States. In all the independent powers of the Senate, the
treaty-making powei, the trial of impeachments, the con-
fiimatiou of oinbassadots, judges of the Supreme Court,
and other important public officers, these small communi-
ties would have a pcrfect equality of suffi age with the most
populous States ot the Union. In those other vast powers
ot the Senate, too,which it exercises as a correlative bianch
of Congiess, sucli as upon questions of war, levying and
collecting taxes, icgulating commeice with foreign nations
and between the States, laising and supporting armies, See ,
&c., they would hold an equal cheek upon the large and
populous- States icpiesentuig the masses of the people.
Then introduction, as a balance of power, might, therefore,
not only be made to contiol presidential elections, but the
veiv destinies of the Ameiicdn Union.
" Would llus be just to the largei States, or to the bulk
of the American people? Would it be sale to the Govern-
ment, to the integuty and duration of the Union itseli?
How long would it bj bcioie party politician*, holding tem-
porary a .eendency in the Government, would be tempted
to biiiig in new States, legaidless ol population, merely as
a balance of powei, to enable them to control the Govern-
ment'1 IIow long befoie this would bring ietali<ition in
a moie reckless ^pnit; and when' and when would such
warlare tenninatc, once begun? The undersigned submits
whether the highest considerations of patriotism do not de-
mand of u- to pause, bclorc taking a step fraught with dan-
gers of such magnitude to the Government. Now is the
time to ariest this tendency. No temporary considerations
of expediency s-hould tempt us to depart from the safe, just,
rational, n-.nge of those who have gone before us. A* to
Oregon, if her population is lapidly increasing, she will
soon be prepared lor admission. Until then, she can well
afford to wait."
Sir, the foregoing reasons, so ably and forcibly
urged by my distinguished, predecessor against
the admission of Oregon, apply with double force
in the present instance; for in the admission of
Kansas under the Wyandotte constitution, as
now proposed, we not only innovate upon a long-
establishcd and wholesome usage of the Congress,
founded in reason and justice, but violate, as I
have shown, a positive law of the land. This,
sir, should be sufficient, in my judgment, to in-
sure the prompt rejection of the proposition by
this House. But, bir, this is not all; and 1 invite
the attention of honorable members to the follow-
ing provisions in the constitution of the proposed
State of Kansas, and under which it seeks ad-
mission into this Union as a State. In the first
and second sections of the fifth article it is pro-
vided, as follows:
" Sec. 1. Every white male person of twenty-one years
and upwards, belonging to either of the following classes,
wiio shall have resided m Kansas six months next preceding
any election, and in the township or waidin which he offeis
to vote,at least thirty days next picceding such election, shall
be deemed a qualified elector: 1st, citizens of the United
States; *}d, persons of foreign birth, who shall have declared
their intentions to become citizens, conformably to the laws
of the United States on the subject of naturalization."
I also find in article two of said constitution,
section four, the following provision:
" No person shall be a member of the Legislature who is
not at the time of election a qualified voter of and a resi-
dent in the county or district from which he is elected."
The fourth section of article four of the Consti-
tution of the United States provides as follows:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form ot government, and shall protect
eacii of them against invasion j and, on application of the
Legislatuie, or ot the executive, (when the Legislature can-
not be convened,) against domestic violenee."
It will not be denied by any gentleman, I pre-
sume, that this guarantee, thus given in the Con-
stitution of the United States, of a "republican
formofgovernmcnt "extendsto and was intended
by its framcrs to cover any new State which might
thereafter be admitted into the Union; for, in the
preceding section of the same article of the Con-
stitution of the United States to the one in which
the above guarantee is given, it is provided that
" New States may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union."
Now, Mr. Speaker, with these provisions of
the Constitution of the United States and of the
proposed constitution for the State of Kansas in
close proximity, I desire to examine the consti-
tution tendered us by the people of the Territory
of Kansas, and see if " it is republican in form."
If it is not, then to admit the proposed State un-
der it would bo a gross breach of the high trust
reposed in us by the Constitution which we have
sworn to support. For whom, sir, and by whom,
was this Government formed? Who were to be
the beneficiaries under it ? And, above all, sir, by
whom was its delicate machinery to be regulated?
The preamble to the Constitution of the United
States declares that
" We, the people of the United States, in order to form
a more peifect Union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote the
general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our-
selves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Con-
stitution lor the United States of America."
Chief Justice Taney, in delivering the opinion
of the court in the celebrated case of Bred Scott
t>s. Sanford, having this preamble under consid-
eration, analyzing its every word, in order to ar-
rive at its exact and accurate meaning, uses this
language: "The words * people of the United
States' and * citizens' are synonymous terms, and
mean the same thing." Then, sir, according to
this, the highest judicial authority known to our
laws, the Constitution under which we live, and
under which our Government is now being eon-
ducted, was made by and for the citizens of the
United States. The representation on this floor
and in the Senate, with the exception of that arising
from the three fifths of our slaves, is of the citizens
of the United States, and not of the inhabitants.
The republican form of government established
was that of a representative republic, reflecting the
will and representing the interests of the citizens
of the United States, by which is meant the na-
tive-born and naturalized citizens, by whom and
for whom the Government was established; and
this is beyond question the republican form of gov-
ernment guarantied by the Constitution to all the
States.
Taking this to be the true intent and meaning
of our Constitution—and I do not think it can be
successfully controverted—is any State govern-
ment " republican in form" which admits to the
right of suffrage foreign-born men who have not
been naturalized ? I think not, sir. Admit the
principle, and follow it to its logical conclusion.
At the present rate of immigration to our coun-
try—and more especially to the Northwest, where
boons in the shape of homesteads arc held out to
them—it is not impossible, nay, sir, it is very
probable, they may in many of the congressional
districts outnumber the native-born and natural-
ized citizens. And they can, and no doubt will,
elect Representatives, who will stand upon this
floor the peer of every other member, reflecting
the will- and doing the bidding of a foreign ele-
ment, which owes the Government no allegiance;
of persons who could not be convictcd of treason,
who arc not bound to defend the Government,
nor is the Government bound to protect them.
Sir, it is violative of the spirit of our Constitu-
tion, and dangerous to the best interests of our
common country, thus to permit a foreign element
to infuse itself into our fabric of Government, ex-
ercising a control over every department of it.
And under this constitution, unnaturalized inhab-
itants may not only by their votes place members
upon this floor—for by the Constitution of the
United States, the same electors who vote for mem-
bers to the most numerous branch of the State
Legislature elect the Representative in Congress
—but they may be members of the proposed State
Legislature, and elect a United States Senator,
who may, and no doubt will, represent foreign
interests, antagonistic to our own; and the Sen-
ator so clected may be called on to ratify or reject
treaties made with the very Governments to wfiom
those who elevated him to place owe fealty and
obedience. -
Can it be pretended that this is a republican
form of government, in the sense in which it is
used in our Constitution? I think not, sir. 1
hold it to be dangerous in a form of government
like ours, where the entire sovereignty is reposed
in the people, to permit any one to participate in
the election of its rulers or legislators but those
who are bound to defend and protect it, and are
either native-born or regularly naturalized citi-
zens. Sir, in effect, you had as well open a poll
in Dublin or Hamburg. In that instance, you
would carry the ballot-box to the voter; in this,
you bring the voter to the ballot-box. In both,
the result is the same—you receive the reflected
will of a voter not a citizen of the country in
whose government he proposes to participate. If
our naturalization laws require, in the estimation
of honorable members, a period of probation
which is too long, repeal them; and if, in your
judgments, a six months'residence is sufficient,
within which time they may become voters and
legislators, so declare by law; do not permit it to
be thus evaded under color of a proposed State
constitution. And here, sir, I would again ask
permission to read from the same report of my
distinguished predecessor on the admission of
Oregon, fully and freely indorsing the views
therein contained: #
" There is a single point in the constitution of Oregon
against which he feels it his duty to enter his solemn pro-
test. lie alludes to the clause allowing unnaturalized aliens
to vote for members of the Legislature, lie regards this
clause as violative of the lundamental principle ot the Con-
stitution of the United States. It cannot be doubted that
such alien electors are thereby to be regarded as at once
introduced as a component pait of the sovereign power con-
trolling, the Federal Government. They theieby become,
according to all practical usage, electors of Representatives
in Congress—electors of tho&c who choosc United States
Senatois, and hold the power to determine the electors of
President and Vice President of the United States. Thus,
to the body of aliens so introduced into the body-pohtic is
given a direct or uulnect power ot control ovei eveiy de-
partment of the Federal Government. Tins, lie respect-
1 ulJy but earnestly submits, is subversive of the very founda-
tion idea of the Government itself.
"The Constitution of the United State? was established
by the people or citizens of the United States for their own
benefit, and that of those who are to come after them, and
®ot lor the benefit of unnaturalized foreigners, owing no
allegiance to the Government, and not bound to defend it.
It was ratified by the States; and they are bound to observe
and respect its principles. The first clause m the Consti-
tution is the following dcelaiation :
"' We, the people of the United States, in order to form
a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic
tranquillity, piovide lor the common defense, and secure
the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States
of America.'
"The undersigned would call attention to the words 'the
people.' The Supreme Court, in the Dred Scott decision,
lntei preting this clause of the Constitution, expressly de-
clares :
" < The words " the people of the United States" and " cit-
izens " are synonymous terms, and mean the same thing.
They both desciibe tiie political body who, aecoiding to our
republican institutions, toim the sovereignty, and who hold
the power and conduct the Government through their rep-
resentatives. They are what we familiarly call the sover-
eign people ; and every citizenis one of this people, and a
constituent member ot this soveieigntv.'
"• That is, the Constitution, where it says 'the people,'
means * tiie citizens','and that 'every citizen'i& a 'con-
stituent member of the body-politic' who k form the sov-
ereignty,' 'hold the power and conduct the Government
through their representatives.' But does this cxciude ' un-
naturalized foieignersr' Unquestionably it docs. The
coifit continues:
" 'TheConstitution has conferred on Congress the light
to establish a umfoim lule of naturalization, and this right
is evidently exclusive, and has ahvajs been held by this
court to be so. Consequently.no State since the adoption
of the Constitution can, by naturalizing an alien, invest
him with the rights and privileges sccvrcd to a citizen of a
State tinder the Federal Government&cc.
" Again, says the court: ' the word •' citizen" excludes
unnaturalized foreigners, the latter forming no part of the
sovereignty, owing it no allegiance, and arc therefore under
no obligations to defend it.' The undeisigned believes, with
the Supreme Court, that the citizens of the United fctates
1 aie the body-politic, < the sovereignty,' and that' unnatu-
lalized foreigners,'who form no part of the sovereignty,
; owe it no allegiance, and are under no obligations to defend
• it, and cannot*possibly b? admitted to 'hold the power and
' conduct the Government through their representatives'
without violence to the Constitution.
"He believes with John C. Calhoun that'alien' and
' citizen' are correlative teims, and stand m contiadistinc-
tion ' to each other;' that c the effect of naturalization is to
remove alienagethat * to remove alienage is simply to put
the foreigner in the condition of the native bornthat
i ' whatever difference of opinion there may be as to what
