I860."!
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
36tii ooxg. ... 1st sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Garnelt.
Ho. of Befs.
tained in Uie Kansas and Nebraska bill and in
the "Lecompton bill. I put if on the ground that
this was no violation of the treaty; and although
I referred to the fact that each party'had thus acted
and thus voted, still I said it was because the
rights of the Indians wore protected under this
bui that i supported it.
Mr. QUARLES. I would ask the gentleman
fiom Massachusetts, before lie takes his seat, to
answer me whether the treaty between the United
States and the Cherokee Indiana, ratified in J835,
does not. expressly declare that neither the limits
nor jurisdiction of .my State or Territory of the
United Stales shall ever be extended over these
very lauds, now included within the limits of
Kansas by the bill under consideration?
Mr. GOOCH. The treaty of 1835 provided
that the Indian lands should not be within the ter-
ritorial limits or jurisdiction of any State. Now,
I do not consider that by the admission of Kan-
sas. under this constitution, wc place this Indian
territory within the limits or jurisdiction of Kan- \
sas. In determining the territorial limits of the 1
State of Kansas, we must have regard not only '
to her constitution, but also to the Indian treaties
and the pioviso m the bill now before us, for her j
admission into the Union as a State. And jf you j
examine these, you will find that the Indian tor- j
litory is excepted both from the limits and juris- :
dictum of the State of Kansas. I consider il the '
same as though I, owning ten acres of land, should i
convey to you one acre with a possibility of re-
version in the deed,and subscqucntlyshouldquit-
elaim ail my mteiest in the whole ten acres to
another, at the same time recognizing and making |
mention of the interest which I had conveyed to ,
you. j
Mr. Q.UARLES. I would ask the gentleman j
the further question, if it is not the intention of j
the bill to interfere with the guarantied lights of |
the Indians to their lands, why are they notfurever
excepted out of the limits of Ivanstfs?
Mr. GOOCH. It is excepted forever.
Mr. Q.UARLES. The bill does no^ so ex-
press it.
Mr. GOOCIT. Thephrase"forevor"addsnoth-
ing, as I understand^ to legislation many instance.
1 never attributed any force or effect to it. I do
not suppose it makes the time longer or shorter.
Mr. (&UARLES. Let me call tile gentleman's
attention to the language of the treaty, which is,
by om Constitution, the paramount law of the
land. It expressly and most solemnly guaranties
that the ''said limds shall he and remain theirs
forever as a home, a final and permanent home;
and that m all future tune neither the limits nor
jurisdiction of any Suite or Territory of the United
States shall be extended over it." Now, sir, does
not this bill do this\ery thing which you,byyour
Government, have covenanted not to do?
Mr. GOOCH. In reply to that, I say that the
lines do nut extend around them; I say tiiatConr
gress lias not the power to extend the lines .around
thorn. The reason why this Indian territory was
not, in terms, excluded from the limits of Kansas,
as prescribed by the Wyandotte constitution, I
understand to be this: in case the rights of the
Indians under the treaty should be exterminated,
as they may be with their consent, then, and not
till then, this territory would be within the limits
and jurisdiction of the Suite of Kansas. It would
then be rigltiand proper that Kansas should have
this tcrritoiy and exercise jurisdiction over it.
But. the Indians have it within their power to keep
the territorial lines and jurisdiction of Kansas for-
ever off the lands.
Mr. Q,UARLES. That, sir, is placing them
in exactly the same position m which they were
placed in the States of Georgia, North Carolina,
and Tennessee; and to be in all future time freed
from such difficulties and conflicts as arose from
being included within the limits of one of the
States of this Union, they obtained this solemn
guarantee, which this bill docs expressly and in
terms violate; and I now submit to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that it is not magnanimous
and in keeping with the character of a ficc, pow-
erful, and noble people, thus to treat a poor, weak,
and defenseless race of human beings, who have
not the prowess to assert their rights, and who
have no voice upon this floor to guard and pro-
tect their interests. Sir, their weakness, so far
| from inviting insult and oppression, should pro-
; te^t and shield them from aggression. *Does that
| gentleman mean to be understood to say, that, in
his opinion, it is not the intention of the people
I of Kansas to djMve, by force if necessary, the In-
j dians from these lands, and coerce a relinquish-
| ment of their claim to them?
Mr. GOOCH. In reply to that I will say, that
if Kansas attempt any such act, 1 will, so far as in
me lies, give all the power and forcc of the Gov-
ernment to protect the Indians and preserve in full
force and effect the treaties that wo have made.
Mr. QUARLES. The gentleman would coil
the folds of the anaconda around his victim, and
lull him into fancied seciuity with loud profes-
sions of good faith and solemn promises of gov-
ernmental protection. What more sacred guar-
antee can you give than the one you have already
given, and which, in the same breath that you de-
clare you will keep, you violate? And I here ask
the gentleman, as one of the Territorial Commit-
tee, why not reform the boundaries of the proposed
State, so as.to bind upon this Indian reservation,
and not enter on it, if it is your purpose and that,
of the people of Kansas to deal fairly and justly
with them, and protect them in their rights?
Mi-. GOOCH. That is precisely what has been
done.
Mr. QUARLES. If, sir, as you say, you in-
tended to pro tee,t the rights of this people, why
not do it in teims in your bill? Why encroach
upon them ? Why place them within the limits
of the proposed State?
Mr GOOCII. They are protected in the bill,
and the Constitution of (he Uniti d States will pro-
tect them against all altempis on the part of Kan-
sas to exercise jui isdiction over lliem, if any should
be made.
Mi. U.UAULES. Sir, it is a strange and mys-
terious character of protection you offer them.
You stipulate with them, most solemnly, for a
consideration, that you will never again surround
them with the limits or lunsibction of a State or
Territory, and m the very bill iii wlneh you claim
that you protect them, you violate your contract
with them, and do place them within the pioposed
limits and jurisdiction of the State of Kansas.
What promise of protection can you extend to
them in your bill more sacred than the treaty
that you violate ? Have they any assurance that
you will be more fastidious about this than you
have been in regard to that?
Mr. Speaker, what this people desire, and the
controlling reason for the stipulation referred to in
the treaty, was, that never again should they be
placed, as m Georgia, witlun the limits of two
sovereignties—that of the General Government
on the one side, and of the State on the other;
each, to some extent, antagonized with the other—
the State claiming the sovereignty of the lands
within its hunts, and the General Government,
remote from the stage of action, asserting the par-
amount title of the Indian, engendering strife,
bloodshed, and pillage.
It was in order to be forever freed from this
demon of discord that they demanded, and we ^ave
to them, the pledge that never again would we
place around them this conflict of local jurisdic-
tion; and this is called protection-by gentlemen
who favor this measure. You draw a coidon of
fire around them, protesting that you do it out of
pure affection for them. You manacle your vic-
tim, and say to him it is done in tender regard
for his rights of personal freedom. Sir, the pres-
ence of the white man is, and ever has been, fatal
to the existence of the red. They cannotand will
not commingle; they arc not, and never can be,
homogeneous. The superior energy, intelligence,
and civilization of the Anglo-Saxon has ever borne
and will ever continue to bear them back west-
ward, whenever and wherever they are placed in
collision, whether by accident or design; and to
place the white man witlnn their temtoriallimits
is, in effect, to exterminate them.
Mr. Speaker, there is in the fate of the red man
on tins continent—these children of the wood—
something touchingly mournful and sad. From
the day that he first welcomed the white man to
his rude hut to this hour, he has been driven back
toward the setting sun—has been called on.againl
and again, to give up the graves of his fathers, j
and the scenes of his youth; at his bidding has 1
been forced to banish himself from the streams
in which ho and his forefathers had angled, and
the valleys in which they had lived for centuries,
and plunge deeper and yet deeper into the great
wood that stretches westward to the Pacific ocean.
And so it seems it must be until they shall be
no more, and remain only as a recollection to the
inhabitants of the earth.
Sir, no right of theirs shall ever be violated by
any act of mine; and I call upon gentlemen to re-
member, that although they arc inferior to us in
all that pertains to the arts and sciences, to gov-
ernment and civilization, they are human beings,
endowed with all the feelings and passions which
sway and control our own nature. Tlunk you,
sirs, it costs them no pang to give up to a stran-
ger, and forever, the bones of their fathers, the
haunts of their childhood, the land of their birth;
to stand for the last time over the graves of their
children; to sit for the last time around the hearth-
stone of their infancy, and in sadness and silence
pursue tlyjir journey to strange lands? Sir, no
earthly consideration can induco mo to betray
the confidence they have reposed in us, or falsify
the sacred assurance given to them by our Gov-
ernment. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, 1 shall
withhold my vote from this measure. To pass
it, you must violate an express law of the land—
to wit: the English bill, before cited—and by it
you infuse into the body-politic a subtle poison
by admitting to the light of suffrage unnaturalized
foreign-born men, as expressly provided in the
proposed constitution of Kansas; and tarnish the
unsullied honor of our common country by in-
fracting a treaty solemnly entered into by our
Government with the Cherokee Indians.
ADMISSIpN OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. M. 11. XL GANNETT,
OF VIRGINIA,
In tiie House of Representatives,
April 11, I860.
The House having under consideration the bill (U.K.
No. 03) lor the admission of Kansas into the Union—
Mr. GARNETT said:
Mr. Speaker: I will not trespass upon the at-
tention of the House foi'any length of time. It
is not my intention to make a specch; but I wish
to give a few reasons which will control my vote
upon this question in connection with what is
commonly called the English bill. I was the more
solicitous to do so, because i was one of the last
of the southern Democrats who consented to vote
for that bill.
The House will remember—at least those who
were members of the last Congress will remem-
ber—that wc were occupied for live months in a
protracted, wearisome strugglcovcr the admission
of Kansas under the Lecompton constitution.
We took vote after vote, uniil it became apparent
that it was impossible that Kansas could be. admit-
ted under that constitution. Impossible, not be-
cause the Democratic party had not a majority in
this House, but because that party were divided.
Under these circumstances, it appeared very de-
sirable to the leaders of the party that wc should
adopt some measure, or come to some settlement,
which, if H had no other ad \ an tagc, would at least
compose the differences in that party, on the
safety and prosperity of which we believed the
prosperity and safety of the country itself de-
pended.
Now, sir, the particular point in dispute was,
whether the Lecompton constitution represented
the will of the people of Kansas, or how that will
was to be ascertained; in other words, whether
the constitution should be submitted to a vote of
the people of Kansas. A majority of us con-
tended that the only authentic cxpiession of pop-
ular will is found in the action of the people
through its organized forms, without which, in-
deed, there can be no people, properly so called.
The minority of our Democratic brethren who
differed with us believed that another popuiai vote
—a vote of the numeiiea! majority—was required
to ratify the constitution.
Now what, sir, did thf English bill do: It did
not submit the constitution of Kansas to a popu-
lar vote, and so far our wews were carried out:
