1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
tlemen—I have no power to commit anybody but
myself—that I will vote to give it priority until
it is disposed of. Without pledging myself to vote
for it in any form in which it can be presented,
still it is an important question; it has upon sev-
eral test-occasions shown a majority of the Sen-
ate in its favor, and I shall not vote to postpone
it to consider anything, exceptfor afew moments,
to take up something thai may be of importance,
but ccrtainly not to postpone it to take up any
other leading measure. I do not mean to struggle
against the judgment of the Senate, or the public
judgment, to postpone a vote upon this question.
I am as well prepared to vote upon it to-day as I
shall ever be, and I have no doubt all other Sen-
ators are. I want no party advantages out of it.
If gentlemen will allow it to go over until Tues-
day , and let it be referred, take the j udgment of the
committee, and come back at a time when it must
be considered 
Mr. PUGH. Does not the Senator sec that we
cannot get a vote on the committee's proposition?
No matter what the judgment of the committee
may be, wo cannot get a vote on the judgment of
the committee until a vote has been taken on the
proposition of every other Senator. Senators will
still have a right to offer proposition after propo-
sition as amendments to the bill, and we cannot
get avote on the judgment of the committee until
those other propositions are voted upon. Then
why should we recommit it ?
Mr. BROWN. Then let me remind the Sena-
tor, underlying that is the fact that the opponents
of this bill will insist upon its recommittal from
day to day until it is done, and in all this conflict
of opinion, and all the multiplicity of amend-
ments, as you have to yield in the end, sooner or
later, I say to the friends of the bill, do it now
when you do not postpone the bill one minute by
doingit. If you reject the proposition, letit be so.
Mr. WADE. 1 only made my proposition in
hopes that we might agree upon some time when,
by the consent of all, we might take the final vote
upon this bill at a reasonable hour, without sit-
ting it out adversely, as we sometimes do. Now,
there is no doubt, I think, from the "votes that
have been taken, that upon a homestead bill there
is a majority here that will stand by it, under all
circumstances, until it is finally acted upon. I
have very little doubt that it might be carried over
any assignment of business, cither for to-morrow
or the next day; and it would be the duty, per-
haps, of the friends of the bill to do so, if we saw
any disposition on the other side to prevent a
vote upon it at any reasonable time. I see no
such indication, however; and when Senators say
that, if the bill is recommitted, with instructions
to report it again on Tuesday next, it shall then
be taken up, and shall have priority over other
business until it is finally acted upon, it seems to
me the proposition is not unreasonable; and so
far as I am concerned, I would agree to it. My
colleague thinks that this is giving an unreason-
able latitude to it. I have no fears but that, in
due season, it will be acted upon, provided we
come to that conclusion.
On the other hand, if it is thought best not to
do this, but for each Senator to strive and see what
# we can do here upon the subject, then I shall feel
it my duty to call up the bill to-morrow, and have
the vote of the Senate upon it, and place it in op-
position to any other business, and, if I have a
majority with me, to continue it right along with-
out being committed. But it seems to me when
gentlemen require that it shall be recommitted, in
order that the great variety of propositions that
have been offered may all be reviewed by the com-
mittee, and brought before us again with ail am-
icable understanding that then wc shall procced to
the final vote, I would rather do that. I am for
peacc, if wc can have it; but if we cannot have it,
then we must continue, and those that have the
majority must press the subject to a final vote. I
prefer tile proposition of the Senator from Arkan-
sas, provided the Senate will agree, that when the
bill shall be reported back, it shall be kept before
us until we get a final vote upon it.
Mr, GWIN. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question ? I understood the Senator
to say that if we took it up on Tuesday next we
should have a vote on it on Wednesday. I un-
do stood that was the proposition?
Mr. WADE. That was the proposition I
made.
| Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of that; but if this
! bill is to occupy the residue of this session, I am
, against it. Let us have a time fixed when we are
j going to take a vote.
i " Mr. WADE. I prefer to have the time fixed,
j When I proposed that, at first, objections were
I made to it. I am not particular about the day.
I I would rather have it limited to two days. I
, will say here,' that although I should like to«iake
; some remarks upon the bill, I am rather for voting
j than for speeches, and will forego that privilege if
I I can get a final vote upon it. That is what I
! want, and I am not for speaking about it. I be-
j licve it is understood. I do not suppose I could
I throw any light on the subject, and therefore I
am ready for a vote, and at the earliest day. I
j proposed Wednesday. If that should meet the
: approbation of the Senate, I would be glad of it.
| I will say Thursday, if that will be more aceept-
able.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend from Ohio will
allow me, he certainly docs not expcct universal
acquiescence in a measure of this sort. He can-
not expcct upon any given proposition that every-
body will agree to it. There will be dissentients.
The Senator knows that this proposition has a
majority in its favor in the Senate, and I hope he
will allow me to say that if four or five Senators
on this side tell liim they will give it the prece-
dence in the order of business, until it is disposed
of, that ought to be satisfactory.
Mr. WADE. That is satisfactory; perfectly
so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will state, if
the Senator allow me, that the remarks I made
just now were precisely to that effect, if I under-
stood myself; that the subject should be recom-
mitted, and that we would report under instruc-
' tions on Tuesday, and that we should then progress
with it regularly until we came to a fair vote; not
force it right at once when many Senators might
want to be heard in regard to it, nor force it be-
fore they could present (when they would lose
no time and ask no delay in doing so) any meas-
ure of amendment they might desire; but simply
progress with it regularly until disposed of. I
can agree to that, and I have no question but
that the decision of the Senate will conform to it.
I shall be perfectly willing, after it is reported
back, to take it up and continue it until it is dis-
posed of.
Mr. WADE. If Senators will say it shall
have priority, I will be satisfied, for one. How-
ever, the quicker the vote shall be taken the bet-
ter; but 1 do not wish myself to curtail argument
upon the subject from any one.
Mr. MASON. I only wish to say, to avoid
any possible misunderstanding, that I do not con-
sider myself a party to any understanding as to
when it shall be taken up or acted upon.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. WADE. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SL1DELL. I wish to make one single
word of explanation. When the Senator from
Ohio proposed to take avote on Wednesday next,
and expressed a hope that that course would be
j assented to by acclamation, I thought proper to
j interpose my protest. I am not willing to fix any
] particular day; but, so far as I am concerned, I
j am not disposed to make any factious opposition
j to this bill at all. I am willing that it shall be
i taken up and discussed, treated fairly, acted upon
j coolly and deliberately, and that it shall have
' preference to all other bills, until disposed of.
Mr. WADE. That is satisfactory.
Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly willing, if a clay
is fixed when a vote shall be had upon this sub-
ject; but it is my duty, and therefore I intend to
express it, that if a vote is not taken within a
week upon this bill, I shall vote to postpone it,
though a friend of the bill, because there are meas-
j uies more important to my State which ought to
| be acted upon. Now, if the Senator from Ohio
' wishes to accomplish his purpose, if he has got a
i majority in favor of the bill—and I will stand by
j him for one—he had better keep it before the Scn-
I ate, and give notice that lie will sit it out on Wed-
i nesday next, and let the discussion go on from
' this time until Wednesday next; for after that
| day, I give notice that I shall move to postpone
j this bill, and bring up other measures of more
I importance to my State, although I will vote for
this proposition at any time between now and
then.
Mr. RICE. I merely wish to state to the Sen-
ate that I concur in what the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] has said in regard to this proposi-
tion, and that I will stand by him to recommit
the bill with instructions to report it back on
Tuesday next, and then stand by it until it is dis-
posed of in preference to everything else. "
Mr. PUGH. I dislike to make an objection
when Senators seem to concUr in a course*of ac-
tion; but if the bill is reported back on Tuesday
next with no more guarantees than we receive,
and we have a proposition to adjoui'n the Senate
over from Wednesday evening, we come right
upon three conventions of three political parties,
when there will not be a quorum of the Senata-
here for a month; and my opinion is that the bill
will be lost just as sure as that suggestion is
adopted. It is the death of the bill.
Mr. RICE. Then I say to the Senator, let the
friends of the bill stay here, and carry out this
great measure, instead of attending to political
matters.
Mr. PUGH. If all the rest are away, and thero
is no quorum of the Senate, there is nothing gained
by it. Unless we can have, as has been done upon
similar occasions, a general agreement in the Sen-
ate to take a vote on a particular day, then the
friends of the bill have nothing to do but stand by
it now. That is the reason 1 wanted the Senate
to adjourn, so that to-morrow we can move to
lay aside every other bill, and take this up. If
we can have an agreement of that sort, I want
all these bills to go to the Committee on Public
Lands; but what is the use of recommitting them,
when they come back on Tuesday, and all the
various amendments are moved again, and we
simply have laid it over four days for nothing. I
know that is not the object of the Senator from
Arkansas; but I am constrained, as one of the
friends of the bill, to say that it will end in defeat.
Let us come to some conclusion. If we cannot
fet a general understanding to take the vote on
'uesday, Wednesday, or Thursday, at furthest,
then I am for putting everything else aside until
we can get a vote.
Mr. GWIN. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to recommit the Senate and
House bills, and all the amendments, to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, with instructions to re-
port on Tuesday next. *
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion to recommit.
Mr. PUGH. I move to postpone the bill until
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow, and make it
the special order for that hour, and on that motion
1 ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question of reference
has precedence, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the first question is on recommitting the
bills.
Mr; BROWN. Let us have the question on
that first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
in doubt as to which motion is entitled to prece-
dence. The Chair will state to the Senator from
j Ohio that the Chair was mistaken as to the rules.
I The question first in order is the motion to p'ost-
! pone to a day certain.
Mr. PUGH. Then I make the motion to post-
pone this bill until half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow, and make it the special order for that
hour; and upon that question I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. A motion to postpone to
a later day, I believe, will be first voted on. I
move to postpone it until Tuesday next at one
o'clock, and make it the special order. My ob-
ject is to get to-morrow for the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I understand that the first ques-
tion will be on postponing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Vote that down.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, sir, I will notmake
the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Siuestion
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr,
PtTGII.]
