THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Cungb
, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1860.
New Sep
s No. 41.
day persistently. I regret that he was not elected.
I should be glad if he could be elected yet. There
was nothing of " agony" in it, so far as I, at least,
am concerned; and I rejoice that the approving
voice of the country cornea back thick and strong
upon us every day. But when it was ascertained
that upon call of the roll the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Smith] was already elected Speaker
of this House, there were two members here who
did exhibit a "bloody agony" greater even than
Parrhasius desired to paint—a memberfrom Penn-
sylvania and the gentleman fromTennessee, [Mr.
Etiieridge.] Even the spear of disappointed
hope pierced the side of that gentleman, and there
has come forth—but I will follow the gentleman
no further in his impious allusion. His motives
it would be unparliamentary to criticise.
As to his prediction that the result of the pend-
ing ballot is a foregone conclusion, I remember
that a gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] re-
solved, some time ago, that he would continue to
vote for John Sherman until "Gabriel had blowed
his last trump;" and that a member from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] declared, that he and his
party designed to adhere to Mr. Sherman until
" the crack of doom;",and when declarations and
predictions, such as those made by the gentleman
from Tennessee, are uttered here, I am reminded
that the canon of prophecy has closed.
Mr. HILL and Mr. MOORH15AD sought the
floor.
Mr. HILL. I think it is due to me that I should
say a few words.
Mr. MOORHEAD. And I only want to say
a word.
Mr. HILL. I will be brief. I will say to the
gentleman from Texas that, when lie refirs to my
agency in producing any schism in the Democratic
party, I utterly disclaim any such design. When
he says that I complain because 1 had not been
consulted in reference to Democratic arrange-
ments, I also disclaim that. I am not aggrieved.
I had no right to expect it. I merely say for my-
self that, while there may be forty gentlemen on
this side of the Chamber for whom 1 would most
cheerfully vote, if it suited me, yet I state for
myself individually, once for all, that I would not
knowingly vote for any man, of any shade of pol-
itics, who would not vote for such a political sin-
ner as some gentlemen seem to consider me. I
never will, if I know it.
I think I know my own purity or impurity of
motives as well as another, and I certainly should
stultify myself if I did not know that my friend
from North Carolina [Mr. Smith] was more ac-
ceptable to the Democratic side than any of his
associates. 1 have stated why he was. This 1
will say: that if I am mistaken, and if it be true
that the gentleman from Illinois in nomination, is
correctly represented in the sentiments I hold m
my hand, said to have been a.dopted at a Demo-
cratic convention, in the State of Illinois, over
which J. L. McConnell presided, then, in myjudg-
ment, he entertains good sentiments. They recog-
nize the power of Congress to protect slavery in
the Territories, whenever application is made by
the inhabitants of the Territory*for that purpose.
] state, frankly, that I do not understand him to
belong to that school. I regret that he does not.
I stop right there, and will only say, to vindicate
what I before said, that, if there has been a con-
sultation with the American party, I know noth-
ing of it. I take H for granted that the gentleman
IijTs stated what he knows to be true, and that, a
proposition has been made to the American party
to vote for the gentleman from Illinois. If there
has been, I have not heard of it; but I am not
very officious in these matters^ myself, and I do
not desire to be. I take care ot myself. I do not
ask anybody to vote for the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millson,] for whom I stated I should
vote myself. Let every gentleman do what seems
proper to him.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I rise, Mr. Clerk, for the
purpose of congratulating this House and the coun-
try, upon the fact that we are now ready to proceed
to elect a Speaker of this House. And why? We
41
wore informed at an early stage of the session, by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Clark,] that
a certain sinoking-out process would have to be
gone through with before we could elect a Speaker.
That has been gone through with this morning,
and we are now ready to elect a Speaker. [Cries
of" Call the roll!" from all sides of the House.]
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania says that at the^eginning of
this session I said there was to be a smokmg-out
process. I did make that assertion, and that gen-
tleman now feels the effects of tha't process, I have
no doubt. Sir, that resolution ofmme has worked
its effect, so far, at least, that it has smoked out
before the American people the fact that an in-
dorse*- of the Helper book cannot be Speaker of
this House.
I want to tell an anecdote just here, which the
gentleman will enjoy perhaps. I heard of a hunter
once who went out turkey hunting. He found a
turkey roosting upon one of the highest trees of
the forest. IieYircd, the turkey fell, and he started
for the purpose of catching hwi; #but the turkey
got up and ran off with a broken wing. The
hunter pursued until he got tired, and ceased his
pursuit with the exclamation: " There is one con-
solation; you will have to roost lower the rest of
your life." [Laughter, and cries of 44 Call the
roll'" "Call the roll!"]
FORTY-THIRD BALLOT FOR SPEAI^ER.
The House proceeded to the forty-third ballot
for Speaker; with the following result^ Whole
number of votes, 233; necessary to a choice, 117;
of which—
Mr. Pennington leecivcd 116
Mr. McClcmanrt  91
Mr. MilKon  6
Mr. Mevluuen  6
Mr. Gilmer  5.
Mr. Yallandi^ham  1
Mi.
1
Mr. IL)r<ice F. Ciaik  1
Mr. Clemens  1
Mr. Boeock  1
Mr. IMigU  1
Mi. Phelps  1
Mr. M.I   1
Mi. William N. II. Smith  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Pcnnin<>ton—Mo^i*. Chailes F. Adam*. Adiain,
Aldtieh, Alloy, A*hh-y, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair,
Blake, Brayton, Buthnton, Burlmgamo, Hurnham, Bui-
roughs Buttoifield, Campbell, Care\, Carter, Ca*e, Co!fa\,
Conklmjx. Corwin, Covode, Curtly II. Winter Davn,
Dawe-:, Delano, Duel!, Dunn, Edgcitou, E hvuuK Lhot,
Eh', Fuinsworth, Fejiton, Ferry, Fo-stei, Frank, French,
Gooch, Giaham, Grow, Curls y, Halo, Hall, Ila^kin, Ilel-
mick. Hickman, Noaid, Humphrey, Hutching Irvine,
Junkiu, Fiuncis W. Kcllo«2, William Kollor™, Kenyori,
Kthjoie, Kilhn^or, DeWitt C. Leach, Lot*, Lonsweker,
Loonii*-, Lovejo\, Mar-ton, MeKean, Mclvnight, MePh^i-
«on, Millwaul, "Mnoihead. Momll, Edward Joy Minus,
Moi-e, Nixon, Ohn, Palmer, Perry, Pettit. Portei, Potter,
Pottle,' Reynolds Riee, Christopher Robinson, Rovee,
Well vvaitz. Sot an ton, Sedgwick, Sheiman, Some-, Spauid-
inu, Spmnei, Stanloa, Sii'ven*, William Stewart, Stratton,
I'appan, Thayei, Theaker, Tompkins, Tiam, Tumble,
Vandevcr, Van Wvek, Verroe, Wado, Y\ aldron, Y\ alton,
C.uhvaladci C. Wa^hourn, Lllihu B. Washlmrne, [siael
Wa^hbuin. Wells, Wil-on.Wmdom, Wood, and Woodrufl
F01 Mr.'McClernaad—Mes*r*. Allen,ThoniasL. Andei-
son, Ashmore, Aveiv, Barksdale, Barr. Bauett, Bocoek.
Boteler, Bouligny, Blanch, BrigsjS Biistow, Bmeh, Bur-
nett, Horace F. Clark, John B Claik,Clemen*, Cobb, John
C'oehiane, Cooper, Cox, Jam< s Crate, Burton Ct aigo, Craw-
toid, David-on. John G. Davis, Reuben Davis., De Jarnette,
Diiiimiek. Edmund^on, English, Florence, Fouke, Garnett,
Garnell. Hamilton. John T. Harris, Hawkins, Hmdnsan,
Ilolman', Houston, Ilowaid, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, Kunkel. Lamar, Landnim, Lariabee, Leake. Lojjan,
Love, Maelaw Charle* D Mait.n, Elbert Maitin, May
nord,MeUac,".\Iill>on, Montgomery, KaacN. Morris, Nib-
lack, Noeli. Pendleton, Pevton. Phelps, Pryor, Reagan,
Rigs-,. Jam'- C. Robiu-on. Ratlin, Rust, Scott, Sickles,
Sinims. ^'m<iieton, William Snath, William \T. II. Smith,
Steven-on, James A. Stewart, Stout, Tayloi. Thomas,
Cndeiwood, Yallaudigham, \'ance, Whiteley', Window,
Woodbon. and Wright.
For Mr'. Me^r*. Hardeman, Hatton, Hill, Nel-
son, Ciuarles. arid Stokes.
For Mr. McQueeu—Bonham, Clopton, Curry,
Miles, Sjdenhatrt M?-oie, and Pu?h.
For Mr. Gilmer—Mc^r*. Gieen Adam*. William O. An-
derson, J. Moinson Harus, Malloiy, and Webster.
For Mr. Vallondigham—Mr. Boyce.
For Mr. Taylor—Mr. Biabson.
For Mr. Horace F. Clark—Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Clemens—Mr. Gilmer.
For Mr. Bocock—Mr. James M. Leach.
For Mr. Ptigh—Mr. McQueen. N
For Mr. Phelps—Mr. McClernand.
For Mr. Miles—Mr. Keitt.
For Mr. William N. H. Smith—Mr. Laban T. Moore.
During the balloting, the following proceedings
took place:
When Mr. Davis, of Maryland, recorded his
vote for Mr. Pennington, there was considerable
applause from the Republican benches, and min-
gled applause and hisses from the galleries.
Mr. BURNETT said: I have witnessed with
pain and deep regret the exhibition made by Amer-
ican citizens here in the galleries, during the de- .
liberations of this House, and upon the floor, too.
If we intend to maintain the dignity of this House,
as a legislative and deliberative body, if we intend
to represent truly American character and Amer-
ican legislation, 1 doappeal.to this House to stop
these exhibitions, I care not from what quarter
they come.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Stop itupon
the floor first.
Mr. BURNETT. It should be stopped by
clearing the galleries, if it can be stopped in no
other way. Those who are guilty of these man-
ifestations upon the floor, ought to feel shame
mantle their checks when they do it. When it
occurs in the galleries, we can check it there; and
I insist that the Clerk shall enforce the rules of
this House and prevent these breaches of de-
corum.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say, that upon
this side of the House we concur with the remarks
made by the gentleman from Kentucky. I be-
lieve that the first demonstration of applause and
approbation to-day was made upon the other side
of the House; but it has been so general upon
both sides that I do not censure any one. But
now, I hope, as we are about to terminate this
prolonged controversy, that every member will
pledge "himself from this time forth to restrain all
expression of feeling, and suppress every sign of
approbation or disapprobation. [Cries of " Call
the roll!"]
The CLERK. The Clerk begs to appeal to
gentlemen on this floor, and he appeals to those
in the galleries, [cries of "Call the roll!"] to re-
frain from these expressions of feeling.
The Clerk resumed the call of the roll.
Mr. ETIIERIDGE, when his name was called,
said: I vote for the present for Horace F. Clark,
of New York. [Laughter.] ■
Mr. FLORENCE, when his name was called,
said: The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Eth-
eridgr,] in his remarks this morning, chose to
refer to the feelings which the northern Dcmo-
erats experienced 111 casting their votes for Mr.
Smith.
Mr. DUNN. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I cannot help that.
Mr. DUNN. 1 object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am about to state the
reasons for my vote. That privilege has been
permitted to otheis heretofore, and at this late
hour I trust I shall not be denied the same privi-
lege.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I hope my
colleague will be allowed to proceed without in-
terruption.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, and to this House, that,
after seventy-two hours' reflection, I have no
agony for the course I pursued; and every hour
confirms me more and more in my belief of the
sound conclusion and proper judgment that influ-
enced that vote. I am a Democrat, without geo-
graphical qualification, or without indication from
any point of the compass. I am a Democrat,
proper, per se, [laughter,] pure, and simple: and
I say to you, and to the country, thqt I am grat-
ified, to my inmost heart, that a sense of duty and
patriotism, if I may be so permitted to express
myself, prompted me to cast my vote for the gen-
tleman from North Carolina. A suffering coun-
try prompted me; and a desire to avoid that which
, I should of all things most reprehend—-the seeing
