2606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
public buildings, I think I can say a majority
■would have favored this bill, which seems to be
an exception to the general rule. Brooklyn is the
third city in population in the Union. Its post
office is inconvenient and unsafe, having been once
or twic,e robbed. This bill, drafted by .their Rep-
resentative, [Mr. Humphrey,] who has been sev-
eral times before the committee urgently pressing
it, is closely guarded. It allows $40,000 for the
site, and $100,000 for the building, and no con-
tract is to be made until bids are received for the
entire completion of the building within that
amount, so that no additional appropriation can
be asked hereafter, which has always been one of
the great objections to bills of this character. It
may be too late in the session to ask action on the
bill at this time, and I move its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
LANDS FOR RAILROADS.
Mr. VANDEVER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to amend an act en-
titled " An act granting lands in alternate sections
to the State of Mississippi, to aid in the construc-
'tion of railroads", and for other purposes," ap-
proved August 11, 1856; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. SINGLETON. I ask the House to put
that bill upon its passage. It involves only the
place of terminus of a railroad, and I hope there
will be no objection.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object; but I do not ob-
ject on account of the mentis of the bill, but be-
cause it consumes our time this morning.
Mr. SINGLETON. I would say to the gen-
tleman that the action of the company for the
construction of that railroad depends upon this
change.
Mr. HICKMAN. I withdraw my objection.
The hill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SINGLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN E. BARROW AND OTHERS.
Mr. BURCH,from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported abill for the relief
of John E. Bar row, Thomas Porter, and Aaron
A. L. H. Crenshaw; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
POST OFFICE IN PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. LEE, from the same committee, reported
a bill to provide for the erection of a post office
in the city of Philadelphia; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
L. F. SAWYER AND OTHERS.
Mr. HELMICIC, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill authorizing the Postmaster General
to open and readjust the account of L. F. Sawyer,
and John Fink & Co., mail contractors; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT Ol' COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. CARTER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported the following res-
, olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the business for the District of Columbia
be made the special oidcr for Safmclay noxr, and that the
whole of that day bo set apait for that business.
Mr. CARTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
Mr. CARTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the benefit of the public schools
of the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
WILLIAM A. LINNfS ESTATE.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of William
A. Linn's estate; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
SERVING PROCESS.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, a bill to provide for serving process in
certain cases; which was laid on the table.
COBB COUNTY, GEORGIA.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the same committee,
also presented an adverse report on the petition
ofthejusticesofthe inferior courts of Cobb county,
Georgia, asking an appropriation for the erection
of a jail in said county; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENDITURES OIT COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. REYNOLDS also, from the same com-
mittee, offered thefoilowingrcsolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Interior be requested
to furnish this House with a statement of all sums paid out
of the Treasury lor the expenses of the Couitof Claims, and
for the defense of the Government cases therein, since it<?
organization, specifying the character of the expenditure,
to whom paid, and the amount in detail.
SOUTH CAROLINA DISTRICT COURT.
Mr. HICKMAN, from the same committee,
presented an adverse report on the presentment
of the grand jury for the district court of South
Carolina, of 3d August, 1859; and asked that the
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be laid on the table
and ordered to be piintcd.
It was so ordered.
PROTECTION OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. HICIvMAN. I am directed by the Ju-
diciary Committee to ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Judicialy Committee be instiucted
to inquiH', and lopmt to this {louse, what additional legis-
lation, if any, is necessary to give protection to citizens
engaged in the pursuit ot then private and lawlul business
while traveling or sojourning in other States than those in
which thev reside.
Mr. KE1TT. I object.
COUNSEL PEES OF PRISONERS,
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee, pre-
sented an adveiso report on a memorial asking
provision to be made for the payment, by the
Government of the United States, of the fees of
counsel for piisoners in United States couits;
which was laid on the table.
NATURALIZED CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. TAYLOR. A resolution embodying vari-
ous points was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. Among other things, the committee
was instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing, by law, for the safety of naturalized
citizens of the United Slates in foreign countries. j
1 am directed to report it back to the House, and
ask that that portion of it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
It was so referred.
COURTS IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. NELSON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill providing for additional terms of the
United States circuit and district courts in the
State of Kentucky; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. NELSON. I move that the bill be put
upon its passage. It is a bill of local importance
to the State of Kentucky. I have been trying for
several weeks to get a chance of having it passed.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope there will be no ob-
jection.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. SIMMS. That bill is being read for in-
formation.
Mr. MALLORY. It is to be put upon its pas-
sage .
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked if there
was any objection, and the Chair heard none.
The bill is, therefore, regularly before the House.
Mr. SIMMS. I desired to get the attention of
the Chair.
The bill was read. It provides for the holding
of the district court in the city of Louisville,
commencing on the fourth Monday in April and
the fourth Monday in September in each year;
and also for the holding of a special term at the
said city of Louisville at such other times at the
district court may appoint; also, for the holding
of the district court in Covington on the second
Mondays in January and September in each year,
and of a special term at such other time as the dis-
trict court may appoint; also, for the holding of
a term of the district court at Paducah.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the thiid time. t
Mr. BURNETT moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SIMMS. I hope my colleague will with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT declined to withdraw it.
The previous question was seconded} and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill was passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURT IN ALABAMA.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a bill which I am
authorized to report back from the Committee on
the Judiciary, proposing to change the time of
holding the terms of the court of the United States
for the northern district of Alabama. If the House
will allowit to be put on its passage, I willreport
it. There can be no objection to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose that, by general
consent, the call of the committees for reports be
completed.
Mis. ETHERIDGE. Notice has been given
that a motion is to be made, to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
1 wish to say, thai if that motion is to be insisted
on, I must object to this proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is only to facilitate the
call of committees.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
make an appeal to the House to pass t\ little bill
that is here for the relief of a poor artisan.
Mr. ELIOT. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, reported a bill to change the time for holding
the terms of the district court of the United States
for the northern distrist of Alabama.
Mr. COBB. I hope the House will pass this
bill, as it is a matter in which my constituents
arc much interested.
The bill was read. It directs that hereafter the
district court for the northern district of Alabama
shall commence on the third Mondays in May
and November, instead of at the times now pro-
vided for by law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew the proposi-
tion which I made, that the call of committees be
continued. If objection be made, I will move to
suspend the rules, to enable me to submit that
motion.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the proposition ?
Mr. BURCH. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to suspend
the rules for the purposes of enabling me to sub-
mit the motion.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOURI.
The SPEAKER. Thn Chair thinks that the
motion is not in order at this time, there being a
motion pending, made by the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Noell] last Monday, to enable
him to move to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
House bill No. 118, to confirm certain piivate
land claims in the State ®f Missouri.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend from Missouri will give way for one mo-
ment before we help him through with his bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to everything not
in order. 4
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is in
order, if the gentleman yields the floor.
