642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
that chair occupied by a sectional Speaker, the
candidate of a sectional organization, whose doc-
trines, dogmas, and views, as I remarked the other
day, are fast undermining the fabric of our repub-
lican liberties.
We failed to elect the gentleman from North
Carolina; but believing that the vote I gave will
meet the approval of my constituents, and of the
commercial, mechanical, and manufacturing in-
terests that I represent, either in the district I have
the honor to represent, or m the State which I have
the honor, in part, to represent upon this floor—
believing that, I throw myself upon their indul-
gence, and will wait for the verdict of their judg-
ment. Having failed to clect a sound, national,
conservative man, as I believe, as I know Mr.
Smith to be, I now cast my vote for the gentleman
from Illinois, Mr. McClurnand.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Mr Clerk, in the early
part of the session, 1 announced that I was pre-
pared at any time to cast my vote for any con-
servative Democrat for Speaker of this House;
1 am willing to do so now. I also stated, at the
same time, that 1 could not support one who in-
dorsed the opinions of the distinguished Senator
from Illinois. I did not think at that time the
contingency would Happen when I should be com-
pelled to choose between such a Democrat and a
Republican. That time, however, has perhaps
arrived; and T say now to the members of the
Democratic party who have refused to vote for
the honorable member for whom a majority of
their party are now voting, that whenever they
see proper to give that gentleman then* support
and place him where my vote will elect him, 1
will give it to him, as a choice of evils. The pill
will be a bitter one, not that I object to the hon-
orable gentleman personally, for 1 know linn to
be eminently qualified to fill the Speaker's chair;
but I do object to and repudiate his doctrines of
the powers of a Territory. Still, sir, as a choice
of evils, and to show a spirit of compromise, 1
will give him my support whenever his own party
place it in my power to elect him, but not before.
I will now vote for the honorable Mr. Mii.lsont,
of Virginia.
Mr. HOUSTON, when Ins name wan tidied,
said: 1 intend to vote for Air. McClurnayd, of
Illinois; and in thus easting my vote, I desire to
say that I am proud to have an opportunity of
indorsing the manly, self-sacrificing, and patuotic
course of the northwestern and northern Democ-
racy since this Congresxassembled. The present
struggle for the Speakership has been a sevoie and
an eventful one. Arrayed against us is a party, tin1
chief, if not the only' principle in whose plan of
action is opposition to, and a Avar upon, the con-
stitutional rights of the South; and throughout
the struggle, to the present moment, and in every
phase of it, the Democracy from the free States
have stood by us and will) us; they have voted
for our various candidates, nearly all of whom
have been southern men, without stopping to in-
quire whether they were for oi against popular
sovereignty, or anything else; they have voted
for our Democratic candidates without inquiry
and without hesitation. They have gone furthei;
they have voted for a membei of the southern Op-
position party; and all to beat the Black Repub-
lican party, and to save, defend, and protect the
constitutional rights of the South from aggression
and injury. These things they have done, anil
much more; and it affords nie pleasure to have it
in my power to show my appreciation of their
gallant and patriotic conduct m the trying scenes
through which we have passed, and are yet pass-
ing.
I served m Congress with Mr. j\Ii,Ci,lrnam)
some ycais since. His congressional reeoid will
compare favorably with that of any Democrat, i
know him to be eminently well fitted for the dis-
charge of the duties of the important position of
Speaker of this House; he has experience, capac-
ity, and unswerving integrity. l]ut in voting* for
a gentleman to be Speaker of this House, I do
not intend to indorse every political opinion lie
may entertain; if I should refuse to vote until 1
could find a candidate who agreed with rae in ail
tilings, I fear 1 might not be able to cast my vote
as I have done. I have voted for various gentle-
men durmg this n'lemorablo struggle; several with-
in, and one without, the Democratic party; differ-
ing, doubtless, very widely m their sentiments;
and surely it cannot be believed by anyone that.
by my votes thus given, I have indorsed and made
myself responsible for the political sentiments of
all of them. The idea is monstrous. 1 am en-
deavoring to defeat the Republican party; and,
being in the minority, I must, in a wise discharge
of my duties, do the best I can. I have prefer-
ences m my own party; but if I find I cannot get
the one I prefer, then I feel it my duty, in order
to defeat the Republicans, to make a second choice;
and I intend to act upon that principle. I have
acted upon that principle even to giving my vote
for Mr. Smith, of North Carolina; who, I pre-
sume, agrees with me politically in but few things.
Mr. Smith is a conservative man, and with me in
opposition to the Republicans; and I voted for
him with pfeasurc. I hardly suppose that he or
any one else understood me as indorsing his po-
litical sentiments, whatever they may be; and thus
it is with all oftis in voting for Speaker. We do
the best we can. Our purpose is to defeat Black
Republicanism; and we must make sacrifices m
order to concentrate. 1 do not mean to sacrifice
principle. Our principles remain the same; we
only give up our choice of men in oider to accom-
plish a great benefit to the country. Cannot we
cheerfully make such sacrificta? For one, I can
and I will; and I will trust to the patriotic feeling
of my constituents to induce their approval of the
act. I prefer any one outside of the Republican
party to any Q,ne in it. I prefer any one who has
voted with us and stood by us in this struggle
to any one who has been against us, and I think
such should be the feelings of all in this House
outside of the Black Republican party.
I am not voting with rcfeience to the presiden-
tial election; my vote has no relation to that elec-
tion. I am voting for Speaker, and not President,
lam not advised of the precise position of Mr.
McCixrnanp on every political question; but if
he believes that the Territorial Legislature can
constitutionally exclude slavery from a Territory,
1 differ from him, and my vote for him does not
indorse any opinion of his which 1 do not approve.
I know him to be a high-toned and true Demo-
crat, sound and conservative, unflinching in his
opposition to abolitionism and Black Republican-
ism, who has done and is doing valiant service m
defense of the constitutional rights of the- South.
1 vote for Air. MrCLLRyAvn, of Illinois.
Mi. I-AIVDllUM, when his name was called,
saul: In voting for Mr. McClerxam), as I in-
tend to do, i do not mean—as has already been
said by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hous-
ton-,] in gi\ mgthe reasons for his vote—to indoise
all ot his political opinions. I vote for him be-
cause 1 believe him to be infinitely picferable to
the gentleman presenn d to us from the other side
of the House. Between these two, whom it be-
comes every man m the House to choose between,
I have no hesitation whatever to east my vote for
Mr. Met 'MOKKAN'n.
Mr. L!'].j\Clj, of North Carolina, when his
name was called, said: It was made a condition
precedent when our Democratic friends agreed to
vote for my distinguished friend from North Car-
olina, that he should, before they voted for him,
receive the enUre vote of ins own pai ty. I see with
regret that th« re are a number of distinguished
gentlemen of the Democratic paity,from different
States, who have declined voting for the gentle-
man fi om Illinois. 1 staled, heretofore, that I would
vote for any man to defeat the Republican organ-
ization. I am willing now to vote for the gentle-
man from Illinois; because I believe hrm to be a
man of talent, and possessing the necessary qual-
ifications to discharge the duties of tlu Speaker-
ship; but my vote would effect no result. While
I differ from him m the doitrmes which I under-
stand him as holding, particular! v in the doctrine
of popular sovereignty, which I utterly repudiate,
still to defent the Republicans I am willing to vote
for him; and, I say now, that if the Democratic
party come up in mass, 1 will cast my vot" for
the gentleman from Illinois. For the present, 1
vote tor Mr. Bocock, of Virginia.
Mr. MALLOIlY, when his name was called,
said: I feel, Mr. Clerk, that I am about getting
myself mto a position w Inch I have for some time
anticipated—a position, I mean, m which I shall
be compelled to choose between two evils, as I
regard them. [ am opposed, as every gentleman
hero knows, to the Democracy, and lam opposed
to the Republican party; and whenever I shall be
compelled to make a choice between these two
parties, I shall proceed as I would in choosing
between typhus fever and small-pox. [Laughter.]
I stand, in my own estimation, pledged new to
the Democratic party in this House, to vote for
a candidate of their party for the Speakership.
Whenever my vote will elect him, whenever I
see that the Democratic party has concentrated
its votes on their own candidate, I will feel my-
self bound by my pledges, and by the conduct of
the Democratic party itself, to vote for that gen-
tleman. I believe we have not yet arrived at that
point. I find that my fiiends on the Democratic
side of the House have not yet rallied in sufficient
numbers to the gentleman from Illinois to induce
me to believe that he can be elected either by my
vote, or the vote of the party with which I have
the honor to act. In that state of the case, if our
filibustering is about to be stopped by a conclu-
sion to be reached by the other side of the House;
if we arc to be stopped from going away from
home in order to make conquests; if. in other
words, the hour of death has arrived, I prefer to
die at home, among my own kindred and under
my own flag. The ground which I stood upon
and fought upon, is—in the language of a distin-
guished gentleman of my own State—good enough
to die upon. I have always stood upon American
soil; and { hope to God to die, if die I must, upon
American soil. For the sake, however, of living, for
the sake of avoiding this cup, which I pray to God
to remove from me, I am willing to go into foreign
territory—if the gentleman from Mississippi will
allow me to call Democratic ground foreign soils
The tone has not yet an rtcd in which I can effect
any good by taking that step; and, for the sake
of returning to my friends and kindred m my last
dying agony and struggle, to have them around
me, and to hear in the last moments of my exist-
ence the sound of my native pibroch, I vote now
for John A. Gii.mlii, of North Carolina.
Mr. MAYNARD, when his name was called,
said: I do not regard the vote 1 am about to give,
as my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Mallorv]
seems to regard it, as donatio causa mortis—an act
performed in contemplation of death. T do not
expect my political demise to take place here and
now; I am considering rather length of days and
continuance of life. Sir, it is important that we
should, as soon as possible, organize the House,
and goto our legitimate duties. I am satisfied that
has been the opinion of the country at large for
weeks; and the letters I have received, many in
number, satisfy me that our constituents look with
pain and regret, not to say with shame and indig-
nation, upon the scene which they have witnessed
here for almost two months. I had hoped, I had
believed, that this scene would terminate on Friday
last, when my friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Smith] was a candidate befoie the House; a gen-
tleman of great moral worth, of eminent ability,
of moderate view s, of just and liberal sentiments;
against whose political opinions as little could be
uiged, perhaps, as against those of any other mem-
ber of the House; personally popular and accept-
able to us all, who was supported by his colleagues
from the South, and by moderate, non-sectional
representatives of different parties from the North
—one for whom, for the first time, votes had been
cast sufficient to secure his election.
If they had been permitted to remain unchanged;
if this great Union movement had been consum-
mated, and the distinguished Carolinian had been
inducted into that chair as Speaker of this House,
1 am apt to believe that thanks would have gone
up to Heaven from millions of Americans hearts;
and the Sabbath following, catching the glad intel-
ligence, would have been hallowed by pruycrp of
gratitude from hundreds of chinches all over the
land. Attempting the accomplishment of that
result, one of the most active, one of the most in-
fluential agencies was the honorable gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. McClerxaxd.] whose name
is now before the House as a candidate for the same
high office. Accepting his conduct on that occa-
sion, m the same generous, liberal, and enlarged
spirit, which I am sure actuated him, I will en-
deavor to meet him upon the same lugh, common
ground. In supporting him, in giving ]nm my
vote for Spcakci, I do not indorse his political
opinions. Of course I do not. I differ from him
widely on many questions. If he could forego
that difference, so as to support my candidate, I
will do the same. His position and principles
are known to his constituents and to the country.
