1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to be
heard for one single moment on that point. We
have been struggling along with this measure for
a considerable length of time. In reference to
the conflicting propositions that have been pre-
sented in connection with this homestead meas-
ure, I know that some of the friends of the bill on
this side of the Chamber are willing that the Sen-
ate bill-, the House bill, and all'the amendments,
shall be recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands, with the understanding that they are to be
reported back on Tuesday morning, and with the
determination then to keep the subject before the
Senate until action is had. Can there be anything
more definite than that? It is useless to say that
you will fix a day upon which the vote shall be
taken. If a Senator rises up and says he wants
to speak upon it, who will say he shall not speak?
If the bill shall go to the committee with the un-
derstanding that it is to be reported hack on Tues-
day morning, and then kept before the Senate
until final action is had upon it, I cannot see
wl.at objection there can be to it. Let the Senate
bill and the House bill and all the amendments
go to the committee, and a report be submitted
on Tuesday, with the understanding that the sub-
ject will then be kept before the Senate until ac-
tion is finally obtained upon it.
Mr. PUGH. .As the Senator from Tennessee
and my colleague take the responsibility of that
course, f withdraw my motion.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, I take the responsibil-
ity , when gentlemen on the other side pledge them-
selves, and I have 110 fears about it.
Mr. BROWN. JBefore the question is put, I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to renew
my amendment that I moved this morning, in
order that it may go along with the other amend-
ments to the committee.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair will
understand that as the sense of the Senate, unless
objected to. The question is 011 the motion of
the Senator from Arkansas to recommit the Sen-
ate and the House bills, and all the amendments
on the subject, to the Committee on Public Lands,
with instructions to report 011 Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpril 11, 18G0.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas IT. Stockton.
f he Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PUIVATI! LAND BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask that an act (S. No.
258) to grant to the parish of PointCoupee, Louis-
iana, certain tracts of land in said parish, which
was laid upon the table some days since, be taken
from the Speaker's table and rereferred to the
Committee 011 Public Lands. There being no
ob|ection, the bill was taken up, and so referred.
STUDY AT WEST POINT.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill establishing and regulating the
* time of study in the Military Academy at West
Point; which was read a first and second time,
and refei red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CONSTRUCTION OF WAGON ItOAD.
Mr. VAN WYCK also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to establish and construct
a wagon road from West Point to Commercial
Landing, in the county of Orange, State of New
York; winch was read a first and second time,
and lefeired to the Committee oil Roads and Ca-
nals.
POST ROUTE IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BURCH, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of California, asking the establishment of
a mail route from Sonora, in Tuolumne county,
California, to Monrocville, in western Utah Ter-
ritory; winch were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
MONTGOMERY A PORT OE DELIVERY.
Mr. CLOPTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to constitute Montgomery, Alabama,
a port of delivery; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
expulsion of american citizens.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a report from
the Secretary of State, in reply to the resolutions
of the House of the 6th instant, respecting the ex-
pulsion of American citizens from Mexico, and
the confiscation of their property by General
Mirarivm; which waa laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
foreign duties on tobacco.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, in response to a resolu-
tion of the House requesting information in re-
gard to the duties on tobacco in foreign countries,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of State
and documents accompanying it; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
new orleans post office.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Post Office Department,
requestinga further appropriation for rooms in the
custom-house in New Orleans, for the use of the
post office there; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
indian treaties.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Interior Department, in
respose to a resolution of the House, of the 26th
of March, calling for estimates necessary to ne-
gotiate treaties with certain Indian tribes; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
books tor the tiiirty-tiiird congress.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
reply of the Secietary of the Treasury to a reso-
lution of the House of Representatives, adopted
March 96, I860, calling for the amounts paid for
books ordered to be published by the Thirty-
Third Congress, the amount of the per diem and
mileage paid to the members of the said Congress,
&c.; which was laid 011 the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MORSE. I ask the consent of the House
to take from the Speaker's table the Senate bills
lying there, and refer them.
Mr. GROW. I must call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. MORSE. It will take but a minute.
Mr. GROW. I must call for the regular order
of business.
admission of kansas.
The SPEAKER. The regularorderofbusiness
is the consideration of the bill reported from the
Committee on the Territories for the admission of
Kansas into the Union, upon which the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD addressed the House in op-
position to the bill. [His remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. GOOCH obtained the floor.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to do mo the kindness
to allow me a minute of his time to make a per-
sonal explanation. 1 do it lest there might bo
j prejudice excited from language which 1 used
; yesterday in my remarks.
j In reading my remarks of yesteiday, as re-
I ported in this morning's Globe, I find this lan-
guage:
j 4i Mr. Morris, oflllinois. I would like to ask the gen-
| tlenmn ftom Mi^otni a question.
i " Mr. Ut.uik. of Missouii. Veiy well, ^ir.
! " Mi. Morris, of Illinois, r would .luqimc of die gen-
tleman whether he voted for the admission of Oregon into
. the Union ?
I <• Mr. Clvuk, of Missouri. X ehall not answer the gen-
tleman's question, a^ lie knows that X did it.
<• Mr. Morris, of Illinois, i supposed ho.
'•'Mt. Clark, of'Missourl. I legard the question as im-
pertinent. [Laughter.]5'
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say that I think I said
 I am not sure that I did, but 1 meant to say—
that I regarded the question propounded by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Morris] as notger-
! mane to the discussion then going on; that it was
j not relevant. Certainly, I had no idea of using
ji language disrespectful to the gentleman. I am not
l! in the habit of using disrespectful language. I
make this explanation, that the gentleman from
Illinois may not be misled by the language of the
report; for I entertain no unkind feeling towards
him. I make this disclaimer, that I did not in-
tend any disrespect to him, in justice to myself,
as well as in justice to him.
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, I ask the atten-
tion of the House for a short time, while I con-
sider the objections which have been urged against
the admission of Kansas into the Union under the
Wyandotte constitution. These objections, aspre-
sented in the minority report and in the discus-
sions thus far, are four, and only four. The first
is, that the people of Kansas, in framing and adopt-
ing the Wyandotte constitution, acted in violation
of law; the second, that the population of Kansas
is insufficient; the third, that the boundaries in
the Wyandotte constitution violate certain treaties.
which this Government has made with Indian
tribes; and the fourth is the objection urged by
the gentleman from Tennessee who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. Maynard,] that this constitution
permits foreigners who have resided six months
in the State, and filed their intention to become
citizens of the United States, to vote.
Now, sir, with reference to the first objection,
that this constitution was framed in violation of
law, I deny that such is the fact. I say that it
was not framed in violation of law. When it is
said that the constitution was framed in violation
of law, reference is had, of course, to the provis-
[ ion contained in the English bill, that(t whenever,
and not before, it is ascertained, by a census duly
and legally taken, that the population of said Ter-
ritory equals or exceeds the ratio of representa-
tion required for a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Congress of the United States,"
they shall have a right to call a convention to frama
a constitution, for the purpose of admission into
the Union. Every man, Mr. Speaker, knows that
there are two methods of proceeding by a Terri-
tory preparatory to admission into this Union
They may receive from Congress an enabling act,
and follow the provisions therein laid down, and
then present themselves for admission, claiming,
if it be before the same Congress that gave the
enabling act, that it is pledged to admit them; or,
if it be a succeeding Congress, urging upon it that
they had a right to expcct admission, having com-
plied with the provisions of the enabling act. Tho
other method by which they may proceed to form
a constitution, without an enablingact and without
any authority from Congress, is under the pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States,
which authorizes them to petition for the redress
of any grievance, or for any change which they
may desire in their condition. Under that pro-
vision of the Constitution, they may ask Congress,
whenever they please, to change their condition
from a Territory to a State, and receive them into
the Union with such constitution, republican in
form, as they may adopt.
What is the legal effect of the restrictive clause
in the English bill which I have just quoted? In
my judgment it amounts to this, and this only:
it says to the people of Kansas, " Congress will
not give you any authority to frame a constitution
until you have shown by a ccnsus that you havo
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty
inhabitants; and when that has been shown, the
English bill shall be your enabling act;" still
leaving to the people the right to adopt the other
method, sanctioned as it is by the Constitution
and sustained by precedent. That, in my judg-
ment, is the whole force and effect of it. 11 means
and can mean nothing more. The last Congress,
and no other Congress, ever had the power to say
to the people of a Terntory that they should not
assemble and frame a constitution, and send it to
Congress as a petition,asking admission into the
Union under it. I apprehend that there is no man
on either side of this House who will deny the
proposition I lay down. I repeat that I do not
believe there is a man in this House who will rise
in his place and say that Congress ever had the
power to say to the people of a Territory that they
should not frame a constitution and present it to
Congress in the shape of a petition, asking for
|j admission into the Union under it. lwillnotsay
■ j that that was all the in tent of those who framed and
'[ passed the English bill; but I say that was all the
ji force and effect which it could have.
;j It would not give to the people of Kansas the
ij benefit of an enabling act until they had complied
