1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
260?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Missouri
to suspend the rules for the purpose of discharg-
ing the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar from the further consideration
of House bill No. 118, to confirm certain private
land claims in the State of Missouri.
The biil was read. It directs that the decisions
in favor of certain land claimants by the recorder
of land titles in Missouri, and the two commis-
sioners associated with him, by virtue of an act
entitled " An act for the final adjustment of pri-
vate land claims in Missouri," approved July 9,
1S32, and an act supplemental thereto, approved
March 2, 1833, as entered in the transcript of
decisions transmitted by the recorder and com-
missioners to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, which claims were omitted in the
confirmations made by an act entitled "An act to
provide for the location of certain confirmed pri-
vate land claims in Missouri, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 2,1838, and which claims
arc named and numbered as follows: James Jow-
necy,ISTo. 126; Israel Dodge,No.288; WalterFen-
wick, No. 339; John T. Smith,No. 4; and James
Mackey, No. 86; being in the first class of claims
acted on by the board, be confirmed to the respect-
ive claimants, or their legal representatives, upon
the same terms and conditions and with like priv-
ileges as those conferred oTi the confirmees under
the first section of the act of June 2, 1838.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
therefor,) and the bill came up for consideration.
Mr. NOELL. The bill is now before the
House. I desire to call the attention of the
House for one moment to the facts, and I think
I can satisfy every gentleman that the bill ought
to pass.
Several Members. No debate.
Mr. NOELL. Vciy well. The Committee on
Private Land Claims report that the bill be amend-
ed. by striking out all after the enacting clause,
and inserting as follows:
That flic decisions m favor of certain claimants herein-
after mentioned, made by the recoider ol land titles in the
State of Missouri, and the two commissioners associated
With him, by vntue of an act entitled " An act for the linal
adjustment of private land claims m Mn-soun," approved
July 9, 183*2, and an act supplemental thereto, approved
Maich 2, Ib33, as entered in the transciipt of decisions
transmitted by the recorder and coimnissioneis to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, which decisions aie
named and numbeied1aa toilows. to wit: Isiael Dodge,
No. 2S8; Walter Fenwiek, No. 339; and Mackey Wheiry,
No. 85; said claims having been by said board repoited in
the first class, and lecomtnended for continuation, be, and
tin; same aie hereby, continued to the respe^tiv e claimants
aforesaid, or their legal representatives, to the extent
recommended by said recoider of land titles and commis-
sioners, that is, to Israel Dodge, or his legal representa-
tives, 7,056 arpens; to Walter Fcnvvtek, or lns> legal icp-
rcsentatives, 10,01)0 aipens; and to Mackey Wheiry, or his
legal representatives, 1,600 aipens.
Sec. 2. Jind be itjwther enacted, That, in case eithorof
liio claims confirmed by this act, or any pint thereof, has
not been located or surveyed, or cannot be located or satis-
fied, either lor want of a specific location prioi to this con-
fiimation, or because the land upon 'which the same is
located has been otherwise disposed of by the General Gov-
ernment, it shall be the duty ot' the sutveyor general oi the
district, upon pioot satisfactory to him that such claim has
been confirmed, and that the bamein whole or in paithas
not been and cannot be satisfied lor the reasons aforesaid,
or from any cause, to is^ue to the claimants, or their legai
representatives, a certificate of location for a quantity of
land equal to that so continued and nn&atn-fied, which cer-
tificate may be located upon any of the public lands of the
United States subject to sale at private entry: Provided,
That such location shall confoim to tiie legal divisions and
subdivisions as provided by law.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the legister of the
proper land office, upon the location ot such cemficate,
shall issue to the person entitled thereto a certificate of
entiy; upon which, if it shall appear to the satisfaction of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office that such cer-
tificate has been fairly obtained, a patent shall issue as in
other cases.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time ;and being engrossed,
It was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NOELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
tiie motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL J. I1ENSLEY.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the consent of the House
to discharge the Committee of the Whole House
oil the Private Calendar from the further consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 249, for the relief of
Samuel J. Hensley.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. I know nothing
about the gentleman's bill; but it is evidently
wrong for the House to pass private bills in this
way.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to suspend the rules.
The bill was read. It directs that there shall
be paid to Samuel J.-Hensloy $90,375 for twelve
hundred and eighty-five head of cattle, by him
actually delivered, in May, 1852, to the agents of
the United States, for the use of the Indians in
California, as found by the Court of Claims.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor,) and the bill was brought before
the House for its action.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. SCOTT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLONEL "WILLIAM THOMPSON.
Mr. KEITT. I ask the House to allow me to
take from the Private Calendar and havo put on
its passage Senate bill No. 188, for the relief of
the surviving grandchildren of Colonel William
Thompson, ot the revolutionary army of South
Carolina. This bill passed the Senate unani-
mously. It is merely to give the heirs of Colonel
Thompson the commutation voted to him as an
officer of the revolutionary army, almost imme-
diately after the Revolution, which was never
paid to him.
Mr. CURRY. I object.
Mr. KEITT. 1 move to suspend the rules.
Mr. COBB. I wish to ask the gentleman how
many thousand acres of land are in this bill ?
Mr. KEITT. Only as much as he was entitled
to by law.
Mr. CURRY. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules. I have
examined a great many of these revolutionary
claims, and I never found a just one yet. ■
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The bill was read. It appropriates to William
E. Haskell, Charles T.Haskell, Charlotte Ilhctt,
widow of James S. Rhett,Mary E. Darby, widow
of A. B. Darby, Caroline Lewis, widow of Dr.
John B. Lewis, and Charlotte A. Goodwyn, wife
of Robert H. Goodwyn, the grandchildren and
heirs of William Thompson, who was a colonel
of the third regiment of South Carolina mounted
continental troops during the revolutionary war,
the sum of $7,388 80, being the half pay for life
to which their ancestor was entitled under the
resolutions of Congressfor his services as colonel
throughout the war of the Revolution, the colonel
having electcd not to take the commutation of five
years' full pay.
The second section requires the Commissioner
of Pensions to issue, in the name of the grand-
children of Colonel William Thompson, a war-
rant for such an amount of bounty land as was
provided for a colonel under the resolve of Con-
gress of September 16, 1776.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the Clerk read
the report in this case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think that it
was understood there was a vote on ordering the
yeas and nays. Many of us who were standing
did not want to vote for the yeas and nays. 1
demand tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered, and the call for tellers comes too
late.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that the report of
the committee will be read, m order that we may
understand the facts in this case.
Mr. MeQJJSEN. If permitted, I will make a
a brief explanation of this case, which I think
will be satisfactory to the House. It is a just
claim. Colonel Thompson commanded a regi-
ment during the war of the Revolution, and he
served until the termination of the war. He has
never by himself, and never by his heirs or repre-
sentatives, received from the Government one
farthing for his services. There is proof in the
Department that the eight captains who served
unacr him received their pay. When the com-
mutation was submitted to the States, the State of
South Carolina did not receive it by regiments as
the other States did. He was a wealthy man at
the time, and he never applied for his pay. His
descendants have become needful of money, and
they make the present application. The archives
of (he Department have been thoroughly exam-
ined, and the Commissioner has certified thatnofc
a dollar has ever been paid on account of his
services.
Mr. COBB. How much land will be granted
under the terms of this bill?
Mr. Mc&UEEN. Justtheamounthewasen-
titled to, and the amount which every other col-
onel in the revolutionary war received. 1 do not
recollect the exact amount.
Mr. KEITT. It is only the amount given by
Congress to officers of his grade.
Mr. CURRY. Are the children of this revo-
lutionary soldier dead.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. My understanding is that
they are, and that this application is made by his
grandchildren. It maybe that some of his chil-
dren are alive; but I do not recollect whether or
not any of them arc.
Mr. CURRY. Then in this claim the grand-
children are speculating on the patriotism of their
ancestor.
Mr. McCiUEEN. It is a just claim. These
parties will get no more than the heirs of other
revolutionary soldiers have received. They are
not speculating upon the patriotism of their an-
cestor. It is a part of the private history of Col-
onel Thompson, that he supported his soldiers
out of his own pocket during a part of the revo-
lutionary war; and for tjxe money thus expended
he has never been remunerated. His grand-
children, sir, would scorn with contempt any
proposition to speculate upon the Government in
any way.
Mr. CURRY. Why is half pay given for life,
instead of commutation m lieu of it?
Mr. McQ,UEEN. He had a right to take
either.
Mr. CURRY. That is not my impression.
Mr. McGlUEEN. It was submitted by regi-
ments. The legiments of South Carolina made
110 application. It was not accepted or rejected.
Mr. CURRY. If nobody else wants the yeas
and nays, I will withdraw my demand for them.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. I want the yeas
and nays.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adrain, Allen, Ashmore, Barksdale,
Barr, Barret, Bocock, Bolder, Bouligny, Boyco, Biabson,
Brayton, Bristow, Buftinton, Bureh, Burnett, Case, John
B. Claik, John Cochrane, Colfax, Coiwin, Davidson, H.
Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Delano, Dimmick, Duell,
Dunn, Engihh, Ethendge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Floumce,
Foster, Garnett. Gartrell, Gilmer, Graham, Hale, Harde-
man, John T. Harris, Uatton, Jlehmck, Hill, Jlmdman,
Iloaid, William Howard, William A. Howard, Ilughcs,
Jackson, Junkin, Keitt, Francis W. Kellogg, Keuyon,Lan-
drum, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Longnecker, Loom-
is, Love, Mai lory, Maynard, McQueen, 'Mcliae, Miles,
Montgomery, Labun T.Mooie, Moorhead, Morrill, Nelson,
Pendleton, Pottir, Peyton, Porter, Pryor, QuaiJes, Reynolds,
ltice, Christopher Robinson, ttoyce, Rust. Schwartz, Sin-
gleton, William N. II. Smith, Spinner, William Stewart,
Blokes, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tomp-
kins, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Vandever, Wal-
ton, Whiteley, Wmdom, Win&low, Woodruft, and Wood-
son—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Blake, Carey, Clopton, Cobb, Burton
Craige, Eliot, Ely, Frank, Haskin, Hohnan, Houston, Jones,
William Kellogg, Killmger, DeWitt C. Leach, Maclay,
McKcan, Millson, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris,
Niblack, Perry, Phelps, Potter, Reagan, Rnflin, Sherman,
Snnms, Stanton, Stevens, Thomas, Train, Trimble, Ver-
ree, Waldron, Kliiiiu B. Washbu*ie, Wells, and Wright
—38.
So the rules were suspended for the purpose
indicated.
During the vote,
Mr. CURRY stated that he was paired tempo-
rarily with Mr. Dawes, of Massachusetts; and
that if not paired he would have voted in the neg-
ative.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, said: Mr. Speaker,
does this bill come from any committee ?
Mr. KEITT. Yes, sir, it was reported from
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Vance.]
Mr. MILES said: Mr. Speaker, I am paired
for this day with Mr. Kilgore. By consent of
his friends I am permitted to vote on this ques-
tion as it is not a political one, and I vote, there-
fore, in the affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE said: Perhaps I ought to
make a similar statement. I am paired with my
colleague, Mr. Grow, on political questions, for
a day or two. I reserved to myselr the right to
vote according to my judgment on ail questions
which did not involve party differences. I there*
