THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4.
fore vote in the affirmative. I vote with the con-
sent of the friends of my colleague.
Mr. HOAKD said: Before I cast my vote, I
will state the amount of land granted under thia
bill. The amount is not stated in the bill, and it
has been asked for by several gentlemen. Under
the resolution of the 16th of September, 1776, a
colonel was to get five hundred acres; a lieutenant
c.olonel, four hundred and fifty acres; and a major,
four hundred acres. I vote in the affirmative.
jlr. KEITT. ' In consideration of Colonel
Thompson's rank, these parties will get five hun-
dred acres.
Mr. ASHMORE, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
There was no objection.
Mr. ASHMO.RE voted in the affirmative.
.By unanimous consent, the reading of the list
was dispensed with.
The vote was then announced, a3 above re-
eorded.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. KEITT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CERTAIN SETTLEIIS OF IOWA.
Mr. VANDEVER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 371, for the relief of
certain settlers in the State of Iowa.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does that
bill do more than to permit these settlers to pur-
chase their claims at the minimum pries?
Mr. VANDEVER. It does nothing more.
The Committee on Public Lands report m favor
of the passage of the bill.
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that
the east half of section eight, section seventeen,
and the east half of section eighteen, in township
ninety-six north, of range nine west, in Iowa,
formerly reserved for Fort Atkinson and an In-
dian agency, and since released and abandoned,
as being no longer needed for public uses, shall
be declared to be subjected to the ordinary dis-
position of the public lands, in the same manner
and on the same conditions as are provided by
law; and that such persons as may have settled
thereon prior to the passage of this act, and who
would have been entitled to the right of preemp-
tion under the act of September 4, 1841, had the
reservation not betn made, shall be entitled to
preempt their claims in accordance with the pro-
visions of that act, by making proof, payment,
and entry, at the proper district office, within
twelve months after its approval; provided, if
two or more persons were actually residing upon
the same quarter quarter section, or any smaller
legal subdivision, at the date of the abandonment
of the reservation, the same may be entered by
them jointly; provided, that 110 declaratory state-
ment shall be required of the settlers.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. V A NDEVER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REDUCTION OF KATES 01' PRINTING.
Mr. HASKIN. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Printing to report back to the House joint
resolution No. 41, to reduce the price of the public
printing, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The reduction proposed is forty per cent, on the
present rates. I move that the further consider-
ation be postponed until Wednesday next, at one
o'clock, and that it be ordered to bo printed. On
that day, I give notice, I will call for a vote 011
the resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do conscientiously be-
lieve that no such reduction can fairly be made
on the present rates of the public printing.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
ordered to be printed, and its further considera-
tion was postponed until next Wednesday.
Mr. HASKIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the further consideration of the resolution
was postponed until next Wedaesd&y; and aljso
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOLMES & PEDRICK.
Mr. GOOCH. 1 ask the unanimous consent
that the Committee of the Whole House be dis-
charged from the further consideration of House
bill No. 423, for the relief of Philip B. Holmes
and William Pedrick.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. GOOCH. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose I have indicated.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended; and the Commit-
tee of the Whole House were discharged from
the further consideration of the bill.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay Philip B.
Holmes and William Pedrick, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $3,000 for the invention of a machine for
cutting raw hides into strips foe making hide
ropes for the use of '.he Navy of the United States;
provided the United States shall be authorized
hereafter to use said machine free of any charge.
Itappears from the report that Messrs. Holmes
& Pedrick are the inventors of the machine re-
ferred to, and have secured their right to the in-
vention by patent. It is proved that the machine,
which is used for cutting raw hides into strips to
be laid up into cordage, is a very valuable improve-
ment in the manufacture of that article, inasmuch
as it cuts an entire hide into a single strip of uni-
form size, and thereby both facilitates the manu-
facture of rope of that material, and improves its
quality, making also a considerable saving in the
cost of cutting and laying up the strands. The
quantity of bide rope annually required for the use
of the Navy is estimated by the bureau of con-
struction and equipment at five thousand seven
hundred and fifty pounds, and the usual cost has
been twenty-nine cents perpound—the hides cost-
ing from eleven to twelve cents, and the cutting
and«laying up about eighteen. The machine in
use in the navy-yard at Charlestown, Massachu-
setts, cut the hides for five thousand seven hun-
dred and eighty-two pounds of cordage during the
year ending February 1, 1844, and at a saving of
from twenty-five to fifty per cent, (according to
the estimates of different witnesses) 011 the entire
cost of the rope. It further appears that at the
time of the invention of the machine the petition-
ers were in the employment of the Government
at the navy-yard at Charlestown as machinists,
and constructed the machine there used for and at
the expense of the United States—receiving, how-
ever, 110 compensation, except their daily wages
as machinists; and that the board of Navy com-
missioners refused to make them any compensa-
tion for the invention or use of the machine, be-
cause it was invented and constructed while the
inventor^ were under pay in the public service,
and because they allowed it to be used by the
Government before securing their right by patent.
It is proposed to remunerate them for their
patent.
The bill wan ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. UNDERWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The oil! was passed.
Mr. GOOCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the hill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS, ETC.
Mr. ETHERIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. I believe the gentleman from
Tennessee got the floor last Monday fora certain
purpose, and then promised the House that lie
would not ask for anything more. [Laughter.]
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I send to the table a joint
resolution. I ask that it be read; and then, if
there be, any objection to its introduction, I will
move to suspend the rules. It passed the House
last session, and is all right.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House oj Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled, That the f-eeend
section of the act, approved February 3, 1853, entitled " An
act to continue half pay to certain widows and orphan*,"
shall be construed as granting pensions to all widows
therein provided for, from the 4th day of March, 1848. pur-
suant to the decision ofthe Court of Claims in the ease of
Jane Smith; and the amount of pension which may have
accrued to any widow under said act, between the paid
4th day of March, 1848, and the 3d day of February, 1853,
shall be paid to such widow or her legal representatives
as other revolutionary pensions are paid, under such rules
and regulations as may be prescnbed by the Secretary of
the Interior: Provided, That no pension shall 1>« allowed
to any widow for the samo tuno during which her husband
was living and in receipt of a pension.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the
House that my opinion is that that bill will re-
quire $1,500,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. More than that.
Mr. CRAWFORD. At least it will require
that amount to pay the pensions under the reso-
lution; and therefore I object to its introduction.
Mr. STANTON. I recollect that a similar
resolution passed the House lust Congress, upon
my motion, after a discussion between the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, (Mr. Jones,) and myself.
It was thoroughly understood, and it will require
no such mdney as §1,500,000.
Mr. ETHERIDOrE.* I move a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the suspension of the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee one question. I want to
know of the gentleman who introduced this reso-
lution, whether this resolution does not merely
carry out the decision of the Court of Claims,
giving to these widows the amount which that
court says they are entitled to ?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. It proposes nothing else;
and I will say further, that no good lawyer cau
come to any other conclusion than thafe court
came to.
Mr, COBB. I desire to say that the Court of
Claims decided wrong. I was upon the committee
of conference, and know exactly what was in-
tended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I deem it my duty to tail
for the reading of the report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The resolu-
tion is not yet before the House, and the gentle-
man has no right to call for the reading of the
report at this time.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. There is no report. I
drew up the resolution myself, and introduced it.
I will say, farther, that the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions have reported in favor of this
identical resolution, word for word.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would also state that a
committee of the Senate have examined this very
question; and that the Senate have overruled the
decision of the Court of Claims touchh.g these
cases. The report showTs that this resolution will
cost from one to two million dollars.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I want to make a statement.
Mr. MALLORY. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not; and the Clerk will
call the roll.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams* Aldrich, Alien, William
C. Anderson, Avery, Ban, Barrett, Blake, ttoteler, Bou-
hgny, Brab.son, Brayfon,Brigi;s, Uristow. Buifiiuon, Kureh,
Butterfield, Carey, Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Colfax,
Corwin, Curtis, Davidson, Delano,Duoll, Dunn, Edwards,
Eliot, Etheridge, Ferry, Floienec, Ilall, John T. Harris,
Helmiek, Hill, Holman, William Howard, Will rim. A.
Howard, Hughe«? livme, Junkm. Frances W. Kellogj,
William Kello<™, Kenyon, Landrum, DeWitt C. Leach,
James M. Leach, Loomi*, M.illory. Maynmd, McKean,
McKnigbt, McPher^on. Moothead, Edward Joy Morns,
Nelson, Noell, Petut, Portei, Pottci, Pottle, Cluaiios, Rey-
nolds. Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Willuua
N. If. Smith, Spinnei, Stanton, Stoke.-, Stout, Stratum,
Thayer, Tompkins, Tram, Trimble, Vallandigham,Vance,
Vandever, Verree, Waldion, Walton, Israel Washburn,
Windom, and Woodiutt—87.
NAYS—Messis. Ashmoio, Barksdalo. Boooek, ftonham,
Clopton, Cobb, Burton Ciaige, Crawford. John G. Davis,
Gartrell, Hamilton, Hardeman,Hindman, Hoard, Uoustou,
Jenkins, Leake, Logan,Love, Maelay, Charles D. Martin,
McQueen, MilUon, Sydenham Mooie, Morrill. NibJack,
Pendleton, Peyton-, Phelps, Pryoi, Reagan, Riggs, Ruffin,
Rust, Sherman, Sickles, Sunms, Singleton, Thomas, Un-
derwood, and Wright—41.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds vot-
ing m favor thereof.)-
