644:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
able and distinguished gentleman, Mr. McCler-
nand, sincc I have had the pleasure of meeting
with him on this floor and m the caucus meetings
of the Democratic party, I have found him to be
a high-toned and accomplished gentleman, with
talents and qualifications capable of adorning that"
station to which he has been nominated. He is
within the limits of the Democratic organization,
and has warmly supported its nominee, and effi-
ciently sustained its action. I believe him to be,
so far as I have heard, a genuine Democrat; and
although I have not investigated his record, some
one, I think, said it was as sound- as General
Jackson's in its sterling Democracy. I have not
stopped to inquire, on this occasion, and more
especially in such an emergency, whether he holds
this shade of opinion or that. He is a national
man, and opposed to the schemes of the Repub-
licans, I am sure, and will render patriotic service
as such; and if an organization is now effected,
with that gentleman for Speaker, does any man
doubt that the House will be oiganizcd upon a
national basis? And I say to any of our Demo-
cratic friends who may have different views of
duty, and who have not voted for him, I do not
clearly see how they can hesitate between the gen-
tleman from New Jersey and the gentleman from
Illinois. How shall 1 hesitate in my choice m a
contest like this? As 1 said before, I have not
stopped and shall not stop to inquire what par-
ticular opinions he may entertain upon this or
that debatable doctrine. I believe he is a good
Democrat; and if the House is organized by his
election, that the country will be satisfied that we
have a conservative and national man, and will
bo delighted. 1 have no difficulty in my course,
but feel solemnly bound to sustain him; and it
will give me much pleasure to aid in the eleva-
tion of an excellent gentleman and such a fervent
northwestern Democrat. I shall, and do now,
give my vote for Mr. McClernand, of Illinois.
Mr. VANCE. As a general thing, I do not be-
lieve in the propriety of a Representative making
a personal explanation for everything he has done
here, or every vote he thinks proper to give. This
House is not the tribunal to which I have to an-
swerfor my conduct. My constituents will require
that of me, and 1 will answer to them as best 1 can.
I profess to have a fee simple m my own under-
standing, though my undemanding, like the tee,
may be simple also. But 1 propose, upon tins
occasion, very briefly—for brevity is the soul of
wit; 1 should like, at least, to possess thexo/cwit
of bievity—to make the vote I am now going to
give the occasion, rather than the subject, of a
brief explanation.
I do not insist upon every Democrat in this
House voting for the gentleman from Illinois as
a condition precedent before 1 can vote for lum
myself. The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mc-
Clernand,] when my honorabfe colleague [Mr.
Smith] was put in nomination, differing from him
as much as i differ from the gentleman from Illi-
nois, came forward with a magnanimity, a gen-
erosity, and with a patriotism 1 have raicly seen
equaled, without making any inquiries or asking
questions, and cast his vote for my colleague.
Now, sir, shall not I, reciprocating the honor con-
ferred on my State, he magnanimous enough to
do the same thin£? Some of my South American
friends have said that, m consequence of the pe-
culiar doctrines, in relation to the government of
the Territories, that the northwestern Democrats
are supposed to entertain, they cannot make such
a sacrifice of principle as to come to this gentle-
man's support. Su , when we have ourselves seen
the&e northwestern D'-mocuits come up to the
support of a southern Opposition man, though
differing widely from thems< Ives, to organize the
House, and have seen, on the other hand, a south-
ern slaveholder! a Representative from a great
southern city, [Mr. Dams, of Maryland,] delib-
erately supporting the candidate of the Black Re-
publican party, 1 confess that 1 feel it would be
ill requiting their conservatism to deny them our |
support. [Great applause in the galleries.] J
I do not consider myself as iudoi sing anything 1
by this vote, save and except alone my own op°- |
position to Black Republicanism. I consider it an ■
evidence of the degeneracy of the times that o-en- i
flemen here cannot sacrifice so small and insigmii- 1
cant a thing as their parly prejudices for the com- j
mon good, when men may be sometime called j
upon, as our fathers were m times past, lo sacri- j
fice their lives, their fortunes, and their hearts'
best blood, to the cause of their country. And I
to-day feel ashamed that I have nothing better to
offer to my country than the sacrifice of my poor
political prejudices. I feel ashamed, as did a
prophet of old, who refused to accept a present of
the oxen with which to make; a sacrifice, saying
that he would not offer a sacrifice to God of that
which cost him nothing. By this, sir, I mean to
cast no sort of imputation upon the patriotism of
those of my-political friends who see proper to
differ with me, or to impugn the validity of their
reason for not voting as I do. I only mean to
say, that numbers of the Democracy refusing to
vote for their own man, forms no sufficient reason
why I should not meet the gentleman from Illi-
nois on the high and conservative ground which
he has occupied throughout this contest, and re-
turn the compliment which he has paid n1y col-
league, and, through him, my State. Therefore,
sir, I have to say, without hesitation, equivoca-
tion , mental reservation, or secret evasion of mind
in me whatever, straight along, and straight out,
I will vote for John A. McClernand, of Illinois.
[Applause.]
Mr. WHITELEY, when his name was called,
answered: McClernand, without a why or a
wherefore.
Mr. ASHMORE. I declined to vote on the
first roll-call, not because I had any doubt of my
duty, or in what direction, under existing circum-
staiues, I should cast my vote. But L declined
for a puipose. That purpose was to see, to know,
and to ascertain how certain gentlemen who hold
seats on this floor would cast their votes. I be-
lieve that every gentleman who has been voted
for here will do me the justice to say that I have j
neither privately nor publicly asked him a single
question, or put a single interrogatory to him as
to the character or complexion of his political
feelings, i came here with the knowledge that
discoidant elements would have to combine to
beat the common enemy—the Black Republican
party of the country; and I came here determined
to use my voice, but more particularly my vote,
in any form which my judgment-might tell me
would accomplish that object. I have cast my
vote again and again, as other gentlemen have
done, and have not attempted to draw from any
candidate, whether he was a Democrat, an Amer-
ican, or an anti-Leconipton Democrat, any state-
ment as to his peculiar complexion of politics.
The great object, sir, was to beat the Republican
party; and I undertake to say here, that all par-
tics, and every individual of these parties in op-
position to the Republicans, will return to their
constituents and claim, and perhaps receive, high
approbation for having attempted to accomplish
that purpose. I leave it to their constituents and
to the country at large to determine whether they
have done so.
For myself, I intend to do as I have been doing.
I intend to cast my vote without knowing, or
caring to know, what complexion of politics the
gentleman from Illinois sustains or supports. I
know that he is and has ever been a Democrat,
with shades of opinion which, perhaps, I could
not and would not indorse. I know that my con-
stituents will never trouble me with interrogations
or attacks for the course I shall pursue. If they
did, 1 would meet and combat their views if I be-
lieved they were erroneous, and would sustain
those I acted upon, or fall under their censure.
Now, 1 have isegrettcd to sec this morning, that
many of my Democratic friends have declined to
vote, or have thrown away their votes on other-
gentlemen; and I would appeal to them, if! thought
my appeal would have any effect, to rally now
once more under the Democratic banner, and if
we £o down, let us all go down together under
the folds of the same flag. It has been boastfully
proclaimed on the other side of the House that
we were broken and routed; that our flag was
trailing in the dust. It may be true, gentlemen,
but yours trails to-day as low as does ours. And
whilst you claim a victory, the fight on our side j
has not beeiT altogether barren of trophies.
We at least have broken the back of J ohn Sher-
man upon his Helper indorsement, if we have not
broken his neck. If our ranks are dispersed and
broken, you have changed front, and, with your
standard-bearer down and rolling in the dust, you
have been compelled to seek aid outside of your
organization for success. Sir, if I thought that
my voice would have one particle of influence with
my colleagues, who represent as noble, as con-
fiding, and as generous constituencies as I do, I
would appeal to them, and ask them to come up
here by my side and let South Carolinians stand
shoulder to shoulder in this last effort to elect a con-
servative man; andone who, like ourselves, is an
uncompromisingopponentofthe Black Republican
doctrines which prevail m this House. I hope they
will waive their peculiar notions, and, without
committing themselves to the views of the gentle-
man from Illinois, or anybody else, will stancf by
him, and let South Carolina present a solid front
in his support. This is our last chance to defeat
the opposite party. I feel satisfied, nay, sir, I have
reasons to say that I am almost positively cer-
tain, that if we do not elect on this ballot, the
Republican party will elect on the next ballot; and
I think it is our duty—a duty that we owe to the
country at large, and to our State in particular—
to present a united front here. Attempts have
been made here, for many years past, and per-
sistently insisted upon, that South Carolina and
South Carolinians were factious. I deny it. I
will yield my feelings and my peculiar opinions,
and trust that they will yield some of theirs. I
know that there is not a constituency in South
Caiolina that will not, even if they believe their
Representatives in error, forgive them freely and
coidially, and nobly come to their aid and sup-
port, if they ever ask that aid and support again,
and sustain them even though their judgment may
be that my colleagues and myself wore in error.
No man, or set of men, represent more independ-
ent or more generous and confiding constituencies
than my colleagues and I do; and I am sure that,
while most of my colleagues claim to be outside
of the Democratic organization, they can, with
safety, come to it and support one whom their
peers on this floor from the great States of the
South have almost unanimously supported. I
ask, sir, can we not act, and that consistently,
when we place ourselves side by side with tlie
Representatives of the great Commonwealth of
Virginia, and those of all the States south of us?
We have a common interest; we are engaged in a
common struggle against a common enemy. Let
us have union and harmony amongst ouiselves,
for the sake of the interests of all.
I earnestly hope they will do it; and I repeat,
that I am certain that not one of us will over be
called to account for it. 1 do not believe there
are a dozen men in my congressional district who
will ever ask me why or wherefore I voted for
Mr. McClernand, of Illinois, in opposition to
the Black Republican candidate. The latter is a
gentleman whose private character, from all I
luve ever heard of him, I hold m esteem, and for
whom I have great respect. The first I e\ er heard
of him was from a South Carolinian, a man in
whom I have the utmost confidence. But the
gentleman from New Jersey is united with those
whom we consider the enemies of our country.
I find him in the bosom of the Republican party,
acting and cooperating with them. He is in their
hands, and will doubtless be their instrument in
constituting and appointing their committees, all
of which will be done with a view to prevent the
"exercise of Democratic influence on the floor of
this House or in the country. Will it be so if
we can defeat him and elect the gentleman from
Illinois, who comes much nearer to us m politics
than he docs?
I hope my appeal will not be in vain. I hope
my colleagues will rally to the rescue; and if, as
1 have said, we go down, let us all go down to-
gether, and go down under the folds of the Dem-
ocratic banner, under which we have been fight-
ing together, most of our time, for more than eight
long weeks. While they are outside of its organ-
ization, wo have ever acted with it where our
judgment and conscience enabled us to do so. I
know of nothing in the history of the gentleman
fiom Illinois that antagonizes with my judgment,
conscience, and duty now. Iknownotwhnt his
views are on territorial sovereignty. If thev differ
from mine, I will oppose them and him whenever
we come to act on them. I am credibly informed
that he lost his seat on this floor some years ago
for sustaining what his constituency charged upon
him as pro-slavery interests.
- For myself, sir, I never gave a vote outside of
the Democratic party in the whole period of my
life, until I took my seat upon the floor of this
