222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Hardeman.
Ho. oi? Kefs.
"V
But, say those opposed to this position, the
clausc cited guarantying to every individual the
right of liberty is proof conclusive against your
power to enslave. Nothing is more erroneous;
and a reference to the debates at the time of the
formation and adoption of the Constitution sus-
tains me in this assertion. What liberty is guar-
antied here, and of which no one shall be de-
prived? It is the liberty of those rocognized as
freemen by the instrument itself. Were slaves
thus recognized? If so, why the additional clause,
" including those bound to service for a term of
years, and three fifths of all other persons?"
What other persons are here referred to but the
slaves of the South, who are still represented in
that ratio on the floor of this House? The con-
clusion is irresistible that slaves were recognized
by the framers of the Constitution, not only as
persons, but as property; and for this reason that
instrument was opposed by several members of
the Federal convention. Upon the motion of Mr.
Wilson, of Pennsylvania, iixing the present basis
of State representation, Mr. Gerry, of Massa-
chusetts, then the great north State, objected to
the idea of property being the rule of representa-
tion. He said:
C{ Blacks aio property, and are u«ed to the southward as
horse# and cattle to the northward; and why should their
representation bo mei eased to the southwmd, on account
of their slaves, moiu than hordes and oxen to the Noith?"
—Elliot's Delates, vol. 2, p. CD.
In the convention of the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts, when tins clause was under consider-
ation, Mr. King used the following language:
£: There has been much misconception of tins section.
It is apiineiple of the Constitution that representation and
taxation should go hand m hand. Thi* paragraph states
that the number of free persons shall be determined by add-
ing to the whole number of fiee peidons, including those
bound u> servu o lor ateim ol years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, throe fifths of all other persons ; the^o poi-ons
are the slaves. By this rule, repiesenlation and taxation
sue to be appoi honed. And it was adopted, because it was
the language of all Amenta."—Elliot's Debate*, vol. 1, p.
It was not then confined to one section; it was
not alone the voice of slaveholders; but it was the
language of all America. In that same conven-
tion, Mr. Dawes said:
Ue wa*i soiry tohcai so many objection'; raided a^ainvt
the paiayiaph under considciation. lie thought them
whollj unfounded—that the Mark inhabitant.-* ol the south-
ern States mu-<t be considered eithei as slaves, and as so
much pioperty, or in the chaiaeter of so many linemen.*'
' * + * ki Our own ritate laws and eonstuu-
t'.on would regard thom as freemen, and so, indeed, would
our ideas of natural justice.
Thus conveying the idea, that while the consti-
tution and la^s of Massachusetts would regard
I hem as freemen, the Constitution of the United
.States, then under consideration, Old regard them
as slaves, and as so much pioperiy. And I am
loriilied m this conclusion by an additional re-
in iilc of ins, th.it—
"•It would not do to abolNh sla\ eiy by Con^rehS in a mo-
rn, ni, and thuv <[i>stioy what out southern brethrt a eon-
l idei a< piopeity."
fu the convention of the State of New York,
Mr. Alexander Hamilton, in discussing tin1 clausc
winch allows a representation of three fifths of
the slaves, said:
" Much has been said of the impioprietv of ioprescntin<?
men who have no will of their own. Whether this be
iea«>nin!  or declamation, [ will not presume to s.-ay, It is
the unloitunate situation of the southern State-,, to have a
jjreat paitof their population, as well as propci ty, in slaves.
The K'nulation complained of wa* one io ult ol the spmi
of acooannoiiation, which governed the convention ; and,
without tliHindiagence.no I'nioneould po^ibly have been
lonncd. ButconMdenng some peculiar advantages which
wo derive from them, it i.-. entirely just that they bhould be
gtatified.*'—ElliUrt Delates, vol. J, p. ~W.
Then, sir, New York was weak: she needed
our " tobacco, rice, and indigo," which were cap-
ital objects in commerce with foreign nations; and
it was " cntnely just " that the people of the South
should be gratified, and their right of property in
slaves should be recognized. But now New York
has grown powerful—"a crowning city, whose
merchants are princes, whose traffickers are the
honorable of the eat th,"and to her Representative,
[Mr. Yam Wyck,] 4' slavery is a crime against the
laws of God and nature, paralyzing the energies
of the Anglo-Saxon, and preventing a full devel-
opment of the resources of the country."
In Pennsylvania, and othor State conventions,
similar views were entertained as in the States
above mentioned, all showing that slaves were
recognized as property by the framers of the Con-
stitution. Then, as this right is acceded in that
instrument, so is that of their enjoyment and their
protection; for a right, without the privilege of its
enjoyment, is a political misnomer. Then, we
should be permitted to exprcise this right in peace
and quiet; and all efforts to excite hostility against
the institution of slavery, or attempts to excite
among them insurrection and revolt—all personal
liberty bills and underground railroads—are con-
trary to the spirit of the Constitution, in violation of
the plighted faith and understanding of its framers,
and in .direct antagonism to the rights and inter-
ests of the So&th. And can you expect us to re-
main listless and unconcerned while you war upon
our institutions ? I know you say you do not
desire to interfere with slavery in the States, and I
accord to you some honesty of purpose; yet a ma-
jority of your party denounce the institution as a
blighting, withering curse; a sin against society
and God, a leprosy upon the body-politic; and
prayers are offered for its abolition, and for the
advent of that day when the foot of the slave
shall not tread the soil of my country. I shall
not argue the morality of slavery; that has been
ably discussed by the member from Mississippi,
[Mr. Lamau,] and the member from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Vance.] My purpose is to show,
that despite of the assurances of non-interference,
the speeches of members upon this floor; the
appeals of partisan leaders; the exhortations of
ministers of the Gospel; and, above all, the de-
nunciations of that powerful engine, the press,
are exciting a spirit of fanatical antipathy to our
institutions among your people that threaten its
existence. I appeal to the progress of this oppo-
sition to-day. A few years ago you wcrc«power-
less and insignificant; but the tendency of aggres-
sion is onward. Each succeeding year has mul-
tiplied your numbers; and now I see before me a
party, powerful in force, exacting in its demands,
aggressive in its policy, and dangerous in its de-
signs. Your appeals aie not made without a pur-
pose. You do not misjudge the instincts of the
populace. You know, when aroused, lawlessness
and misrule characterize their actions and their
counsels. Never was this more fully exemplified
than in France, during her exciting revolution.
Look at her, on that memorable night, when her
crowded prisons disgorged their thousands to
meet the vcngeance.of her excited populace; when
the bodies of her murdered sons were a rostrum
for her orators; when the blood of her martyred
pat riots was the expiatory draughts of her daugh-
ters; when the voice of humanity was stifled by
the groans of her dying, and the genius of Chris-
tianity forbid « tear over the graves of her dead;
and learn the effects and results of passions un-
controlled, of unbridled fanaticism, of misguided
zeal, and misdirected philanthropy. Hut why ap-
peal to France ? Does not an occurrence m your
own country warn you of the tendencies of your
teachings and exhortations?
It was the impression made upon the minds of
Brown and his deluded followers, that it was their
religious duty to extirpate slavery wherever it
existed, that instigated the invasion of Virginia.
I do not charge that the party advised the deed,
for I have no proof of that fact; but I do insist it
resulted from your counsels and your teachings.
Judas did not crucify his Lord; but were his skirts
clear of a Saviour's blood ? You did not advise the
deed; but you tcach your people that slavery is
the consummation of cume, that slaveholders arc
tyrants, and " resistance to tyrants is obedience
to God;" and acting on these impressions you have
made, they have violated conshfutionnl obligations
and invaded the limits of a sovereign State. Sir, we
say these things should cease, and that we should
be permitted the quiet enjoyment of our rights.
My people deplore this excitement, and would
gladly sec this subject banished forever lrom the
Halls of Congress. Why, sir, these aggressions
and jealousies between those bound togethei by a
common origin and a common destiny? Do we
learn noihingfrom the instructive histories of other
countries? Do not the histories of Rome and
of Carthage, of Sparta and of Athens, of Austria
and ofPrussia, warn us of civil dissension, of con-
flicting rivalries, and of aggressive exactions? And
their history will be ours, if you disregard the
landmarks of the Constitution in your reckless
adventure for position and for power.
Eat, say you, we do not propose to agitate or
aggress. Why, then, the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ri.aice,] and for which
sixty of you voted, which, if carried into effect,
would soon kinSle the flames of civil war? Why
the bill of the same member to repeal the fugitive
slave law, which was passed to restore peace and
quiet to our agitated country? Is this the return
from the West for our past kindness in the earlier
days of her eventful history ? I need not recall
the days of your early trials and sufferings, when
an infant, struggling to relieve yourselves from
the onerous burden of an Indian war. I need
not cite a more recent period, when the gentle-
man's own State was invaded by British myrmi- .
dons, who destroyed your property and drove
you from your homes and your firesides. Who
then gave you her sympathy and assistance? It
was the South, against whose institutions you
war to-day. The North opposed you. You
soitght her aid; she spurned your entreaties. You
implored her assistance; she turned ^ou away
empty. But the South—"this moral plague spot"
—heard your cry, and relieved your necessities.
When I recall these events in my country's his-
tory, the picturc of your condition, so touchingly
described by a western statesman, fills my mind.
It was drawn under the inspiration of deep feel-
ing; and, with master hand, he portrayed " the
young West, a victim to be devoured; the old
North attempting to devour her; the generous
South, ancient defender aud saviour of the West,
stretching out her arm to save her." And us I
gaze upon the panorama, I inadvertently ask: is
this that young West, no longer an infant, weak
and powerless, but a giant, strongih his might,
and mighty in his strength, why would wound
the bosom that warmed him, an/ crush the arm
that lifted him to position and id power? Is the
gentleman in earnest? And ddes he suppose, if
ho accomplishes his purpose,/re will tamely sub-
mit?
Sir, I am no alarmist; I would quiet rather than
distract the public mind. I am no sectionalism, I
would award to every portion of my growing
country her constitutional rights. I am no ex-
tremist, dealing m unbecoming invective; but the -
occasion demands that I warn gentlemen there
arc bounds beyond which they should not ven-
ture, if they would perpetuate this Union of their
fathers. 1 speak thus plainly, that I may avert
the dangers that now threaten my country; for,
sir, I desire to sec transmitted, unimpaired and
imperishable, to the latest generation, our repub-
lican institutions; and I would therefore throw
around them a charm which fanaticism cannot
despoil. I shall not, therefore, commit my State
to a pledge of a dissolution of this Union. She
must speak for herself; and I, who owe her my
chief allegiance, will bow submissive to her man-
dates. Sir, Georgia 1ms spoken, not through her
partisans, who, m their misguided zeal, might dis-
regaid the promptings of" patriotic desire," but
in the thunder tones of her people, in her State"
convention:
'•'That Georgia will, and ou ht to, resist, (even as a last
resort.) to tlie disruption of overy tie which bindb her to this
Union', any act-< of Congress upon the subject of slavery m
the L)i.->tuct ol Columbia, or m places s-ubject to the juiis-
diction of Confess, incompatible with the safety, domestic
tranfjuilhtwthc riuhtd and honor ofthcslaveholding States,"
(l or any acts repealing or materially
modifying the laws in toicc for the lecovery of fugitive
slaves."
This is no language of monace, but the warning
of a sovereign State, which has ever been loyal
to the Constitution and the Union. Tt was spoken
in that dark hour when the demon of disunion
stirred the angry elements of political strife, and
shook the temple of our liberties from " turret to
foundation-stone." Her resolve was oil upon the
troubled waters; was "peace, be still,"to the war-
ring elements. The clouds were dispersed, the
tempest lulled, "when the South, with Georgia,
acquiesced in the compromise measures. Those
measures you now propose to repeal, and thus
renew the excitement that threatened the very
existence of our Government. Sir, who then shall
control the angry storm ? The mighty spirit that
twice " rebuked the wind and the raging of the wat-
ers,"sleeps indeed; but it is the sleep that knows
