1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11.
Mr. NOELL. I wish to know if the gentleman
from Massachusetts assumes the ground that the
Congress of the United States has the power to
modify or change a State constitution by an express
provision of law, without submitting that question
to the people ?
Mr. GOOCH. I tell the gentleman at once,
that I do not claim that Congress has the power to
change the constitution of a State.
Mr. NOELL. Then what authority does the
gentleman find for the proviso in the bill?
Mr. GOOCH. If the gentleman will listen to
me, I will agree to answer him. Now, sir, what
I was about saying to my colleague on the com-
mittee, was this: he quoted the provision in the
Kansas-Nebraska act as satisfactory. I think I
can demonstrate to him and to the House, that the
position of the Indians, after the adoption of the
Wyandotte constitution, and after the admission
of Kansas into the Union as a State under it, will
be th,e same as it was under the provisions of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill. The boundaries, except
the western, are the same under the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill and under theWyandotte constitution.
The only thing that the gentleman from Missouri
relies on for the protection of the Indians is the
exception contained in the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
Now, what I say in regard to this matter is, in
the first place, that the provision in the Kansas-
Nebraska act was a matter of precaution It was
wholly unnecessary. What I say with regard to
the provision in the original Lecompton bill is,
that it was a matter of precaution; it was well
enough to insert it as showing that this Govern-
ment intends, under all circumstances and on all
proper occasions, to recognize the binding valid-
ity and force of these treaties with the Indians.
But it was not necessary; the treaty would have
been just as valid without this proviso, and just
as binding upon the State of Kansas. The In-
dians would not have been under the control or
jurisdiction of the people of the United States, or
of the people of Kansas. I say this because I
find authority for it in the Constitution of the
United States, which declares that " the Constitu-
tion and the laws of the United States Which
shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties
made or which shall be made under the author-
ity of the United States, shall be the supreme law
of the land." That treaty is the supreme law of
the land.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts whether he thinks
that the bill now before us, proposing limits for
the State of Kansas which include the lands of the
Indians, is or is not a constitutional measure?
Mr. GOOCH. If the gentleman will call my
attention to that point before I get through, I will
answer him.
I was saying that 1 find the authority for my
position in the Constitution of the United States.
A law of Congress is the supreme law of the land,
if made in pursuance of the Constitution of the
United States; but a treaty is the supreme law of
the land without limit or qualification. And, sir,
it has been decided by some of our ablest jurists,
that if a principle of the Constitution comes in con-
flict with the provisions of a treaty, the Constitu-
tion must yield; and the reason given for it is that
it may be necessary that this Government should
have the power to sacrifice individual rig'hts or the
rights of whole sections of our country even, for
the protection of the remainder. But I do not care
to discuss that question, or to express any opinion
upon jt. I only refer to it as showing the esti-
mation in which treaties are held by the courts.
Mr. MILLSON. What judge has so decided?
Mr. GOOCH. I think it was so decided by
Jude:<i Shcply, of Maine, one of the ablest jurists
in New England, and I think the decision grew
out of the Asliburton treaty. I went to the law
library this morning to find the authority, but the
volume was not at that moment in the library.
But, as I said before, I do not express any
opinion upon the soundness of the decision; but
I would suggest to the gentleman from Virginia
that the Constitution itself says that
'*AII treaties made, or which shall be made, under the au-
thority <>t' the United States, shall be the supreme law of
the land.'*
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly—under the au-
thority of the United States.
Mr. GOOCH. I understand the (t authority of
the United States" here referred to to be the treaty-
making power, which is defined in the Constitu-
tion. I apprehend that a treaty is made under
the authority of the United States when it is made
by those powers authorized by the Constitution
of the United States to make a treaty.
^ Now, sir, what I say with reference to the posi-
tion of these Indians is, that it is not in the power
of Congress, and that it is not in the power of the
State of Kansas to interfere with their rights un-
der this treaty. Congress itself cannot repeal a
treaty. It may violate a treaty, but to abrogate
it requires the assent of both parties. The In-
dians are protected by virtue of their treaty; they
can rely upon it, and upon it alone, as their pro-
tection; and although these provisions which are
introduced into this bill may serve as a recogni-
tion of their rights by this Government, still they
are not essential to the maintenance of their
rights.
Now, sir, it seems to me that my colleague on
the committee, [Mr. Clark, of Missouri,] an-
swered himself when he quoted this clause from
the Constitution of the United States:
" All treaties made, or which shall be made, under the
authority of the United Stated, shall be the supreme law of
the land; and the' judges m every State shall be bound
thereby, anything in the constitution or laws of any State
to the contrary notwithstanding."
Now, sir, it does not matter what is in the con-
stitution of Kansas; it does not matter what is in
the law of Congress; the judges of Kansas are
bound b'y this treaty as being the supreme law of
the land, over and above either the provisions of
their constitution or any of their enactments.
Well, now, sir, if thi3 be so, I cannot under-
stand why it is that gentlemen contend that the
rights of these. Indians under the treaty are to be
stricken down or sacrificed, because they are not
recognized by the Wyandotte constitution. Their
rights are secured to them by a law above the con-
stitution of any State, and the men who framed
the Wyandotte constitution knew the rights of
these Indians under the treaties, and knew that
the State of Kansas will have no jurisdiction over
their territory. The bill now before this House,
providing for the admission of Kansas, excepts
this territory from the limits and jurisdiction of
the State of Kansas, afid protects all the rights of
the Indians; and so long as this treaty is not ab-
rogated, the Indian territory is no more a part of
Kansas than it is a part of Massachusetts. Should
the rights of the Indians to this territory be yielded
up at any future time, then, and not till then, will
this territory be within the State of Kansas.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman, I think,
misapprehends the position that I assumed. 1
would like, by his permission, to state it. It is
this: the Cherokee Indians, by the treaty of 1819,
were secured in their territory within the limits
of the States of Georgia and Tennessee, so far as
treaty stipulations could secure the rights of In-
dian tribes within the States; but, as a matter of
fact, it was ascertained that no treaty stipulations
were sufficient to protect them against the en-
croachments of the whites when they were within
the limits of a State, and hence a provision was
incorporated in the treaty of 1835 that these lands
never should be embraced within the lines of
any State or Territory. Thatis the point Iniake.
It is not the legal question, but the question as to
the matter of fact; that when you bring the Indian
within the limits of a State, the white men, by
their superiority, will crush him out, and drive
him away.
Mr. GOOCH. If the gentleman understands
that this Government ever adopted the principle
that the Indians shall have positions where no-
body shall touch them, where white men shall
have no territory that comes in contact with them,
I do not so understand the action of the Govern-
ment. I do not so understand the treaty.
I have shown what their position is under the
territorial organization. I have shown that they
will be in precisely the same position after the
admission of Kansas as a State; that their rights
will not be infringed or affected 111 the slightest
degree by it, but that they will be just as secure
in their rights with Kansas admitted into the Union
as a State as they are with Kansas as a Territory.
I take it that the true meaning of the treaty is, that
these people shall be left free from the jurisdiction
of any State. That is what they ask and desire,
and that is precisely what we propose to give
them.
Now, sir, one other objection is made. I refer
to the objection urged by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee who last spoke, [Mr. Maynard.] It was,
that this constitution allowed or permitted men to
exercise the electoral franchise who are not citi-
zens of the United States; or, in other words, wlio
had not been duly naturalized, but had only made
a declaration of intention to become citizens, and
had resided six months in the State. How far
Congress has the power to determine who shall
exercise the elective franchise in the States is a
question which, perhaps, may some day be dis-
cussed in this House; but I do not now express
any opinion in relation to it. My answer to the ob-
jection, as urged against the "Wyandotte constitu-
tion, is. that Congress has not seen fit thus far to
exercise power in relation to that subject; and it
would be unjust to Kansas to apply a rule to her
which has not been applied to any other State of
this Confederacy in the history of the Govern-
ment.
In conclusion, I will say that I trust that this
Congress will, without stirring up any of that bit-
terness and strife which have existed in former
Congresses, and heretoforeamongst the people of
the country, in regard to the condition of Kansas,
admit her into the Union. I think that we shall
then have done one act for which the people of the
country will be grateful.
MESSAGE Off THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. James Buchanan, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
did, on this day, approve and sign bills of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 273) for the relief of Mica-
jah Hawkes;
An act (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Charles Porterfield, de-
ceased;
An act (C. C. No. 12) for the relief of Moses
Noble;
An act (C. C. No. 82) for the relief of Charner
T. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert Stalker;
An act (C. C. No. 93) for the relief of Lydia
Frazee, wiefcw and administratrix of John Fra-
zee, late of the city of New York;
An act (C. C. No. 96) for the relief of William
Geiger; and
An act (C. C. No. 92) for the relief of Mariano
G. Vallejo.
Also a message in writing.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS—AGAIN,
Mr. Q.UARLES addressed the House in oppo-
sition to the bill. [His remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, before I am
called upon to vote on the pending proposition to
admit Kansas into the Union as a State, upon the
Wyandotte constitution, I desire to say a few
words. Were it not, sir, that my relations to this
question are rather isolated and peculiar, I should
not now ask the attention of the House. When
an application was made, two years since, for the
admission of this Territory on the Lecompton
constitution, it will be remembered that I was one
of a very small minority of members, from my
section of the country, who voted with those
friendly to admission upon that constitution.
There were but five of us, I believe, from all the
northwestern States who thus voted. Of that num-
ber I am the only one returned to the present Con-
gress. One of the others was not a candidate for
reelcction. The rest were borne down in the con-
test which followed at the succeeding elections.
But, by the generous confidence of a loyal and
ever-faithful district, I am here again. I am here,
too, without any specific pledges as to what my
course should be when Kansas should again apply
for admission as a State. Hence the peculiarity
of my position. As a practical question, sir, when
it was before us, I regarded admission upon the
Lecompton constitution as the shortest and most
direct method of settling the controversy; and I
have yet to be convinced®that, if success had at-
tended that proposition, it would not, in its ulti-
mate results, have been at least as satisfactory to
the country as any other act for her admission
ever will be. But a majority of the House, as it
was then constituted, thought otherwise, and some
other plan had to be adopted.
When, therefore, sir, what is known an the
