THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RITES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 1860.
New Series.....No. 164.
During the vote,
Mr. McRAE stated that he had paired off for
to-day and to-morrow with Mr. Gurley upon
all political questions; but that, not understanding
the nature of this bill, he declined to vote.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Blair; otherwise, he would have voted
" no."
The resolution was read a second time, and
ordered to be read a third time.
It was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ETHERIDGE demanded the previous
question upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then passed.
Mr. ETHERIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
M. C. GRITZNER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House from the further
consideration of the bill (S. No. 238) for the re-
lief of M. C. Gritzner.
The bill, which was read, appropriates the sum
of §379 77 to be paid to M. C. Gritzner, out of
the Patent fund, for compensation and damages
on account of the rescinding by the Government
of a contract made with the Commissioner of
Patents, on the 30th March, 1857, for the execu-
tion of descriptions and illustrations of the Patent
Office report for that year, before the work was
completed; and dnects that the above sum, if re-
ceived by Gritzner, shall be in full satisfaction for
his claim under that contract.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and it was brought be-
fore the House for action.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
anil also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT STOCKTON.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) directing
the accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of the late Robert Stockton, quarter-
master, &c.
The resolution, which was read, directs the
proper accounting oflicers of the Treasury De-
partment to settle the accounts of the late Robert
Stockton, of New Jersey, an assistant quarter-
master and forage master in the war of the Revo-
lution, and pay to his legal heirs and representa-
tives such sum as may be shown due upon suffi-
cient pi-oof of his service as quartermaster, and
for damages done his property by the Ameiican
Army, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. MALLORY. I object.
Mr. STRATTON. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
The motion was agreed to, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STANTON. 1 wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey how much money this
resolution appropriates?
Mr. STRATTON. It only provides for the
settlement of an account.
Mr. STANTON. Yes; and also to pay what-
ever amount may be found to be due.
164
Mr. STRATTON. The original amount wag
fifty pounds. Let the report be read.
The report was read.
Mr. STANTON, i would be glad to know
why the account cannot be settled witho.ut a spe-
cial law. I would like to know how much money
is to be paid under this resolution; and I would
like still further to know, why it is that the ac-
count has been allowed to sleep ever since the
Revolution ?
Mr. BURNETT. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from New Jersey a question; and that is,
whether he can tell us how much money will be
paid under that resolution; and I would ask fur-
ther—to repeat the question of the gentleman from
Ohio—why it is that this account lias been per-
mitted to sleep during this long period, and is
now to be settled without fixing any limit to the
amount which is to be paid?
Mr. STRATTON. I will answer the questions
of the gentleman fiom Ohio and the gentleman
from Kentucky with great pleasure, so far as I
have any knowledge upon the subject. Of course,
it cannot be ascertained how much is to bo paid,
or indeed whether anything is to be paid, until
the account has passed through the proper hands,
and all the vouchers examined.
In farther answer, I will say that Mr. Stockton
died soon after the war, and his heirs and de-
scendants made search for his papers and were
unable to find them until a very rccent period.
They were then found in the attic of the house
where he died. As soon as they were found, they
were forwarded to the proper quarter in order to
have the account settled. The amount mentioned
in the report of the Committee on Pensions is
fifty pounds, as the amount of claim and dam-
ages. I call the previous question upon the pas-
sage of the bill. The previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 51; as follows:
YEAS—Messi-s. Green Adam«, Aldrich, Allen, William
C. Anderson, Barr, Bouhgny, Brayton, Buggs, Bristow,
Bmhngame, Butter/icld,Carter,JohnB.ClaiK, Jolin Coeli-
rtiiir, (Jolia\, Corvvm, Curtis, Delano, Dimimck, Pufill,
Edvvaid', Eliot, Floience, Gilmer, Hall, J.Morrison Har-
ris, JJa<>kin, Helmick, Hill, Wilham Howard, William A.
Howard, Humphrey, Irvine, Francis* W. Kellogg, William
Kullogg, Kenj-on, James M Leach, MaJlory, Mc Knight,
McPlierson, Lahan T. Moore, Mooihead, Mornll, Edward
Joy Moiris, Nelson, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, llejnolds,
Rice, Chiistophc) Kobms*on, Iloyce, Schwartz, Stokes,
Stout, Pnation,Thayer, Thcakei, Train, Tumble, Vance,
Veirce, Walilion, Walton, Ellihu B. Wa&hburne, Win-
dom, and Woodruff—68.
NAYS—Mcssih. Blake, Bonham, Brabs-on, Buffinton,
Burnett, Caiey, Clopton. Cobb, Ciawford, Davidson, John
0. Davis, English, Ferry, Gamett, Gaiticll, Hamilton, Har-
deman, John T. llani^, Hation, Iloaid, Houston, June-?,
Kutikel, Landiurn, Leake. Logan, Love, MeCiueen, Nib-
lack, Peyton, Phelps, Piyor,Qliartes,Reagan, lluflm,Ru&t,
SJieunan, .Sickles Singleton, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens,
Stevenson. William Stewait, Thomas, Tompkins, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Win&lovv, and Wright—51.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. EDWARDS stated that Mr. Marston
was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that, if he had been
within the bar when Ins name was called, he
would have voted " no."
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, stated that lie was
paired with Mr. Ashley; bu; Mr. Ashley's
friends told him that he [Mr. Ashley] was 111
favor of this bill. He would therefore vote " ay."
Mr. HUGHES not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. STRATTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to iay the motion to reconsider 011
the table.
The laitcr motion was agreed to.
CALL op COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no private bill to
report myself, and do not know that any 01 my
constituents have any claim to be reported; but I
desire that the call of committees be continued;
and if objection be made, I shall move to suspend
the rules. •
Mr. STOUT. I object; and I wish to state the
reason of my objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I do not see any use in
reporting any more private bills. We cannot
pass those that have been already reported.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules 111 order that committees
may be called for reports for reference.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether he intends to have busi-
ness done further than refer the bills ?
Mr. SHERMAN. My only object is to allow
reports to be made for reference to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, or for recommitment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not for bills to be
put upon their passage?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know whether
this call of committees is to be under the rule
which governs during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Under the same rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. So that when bills are re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House
they shall not be brought back by motions to re-
consider.
The SPEAKER. It is to be under the same
rule as during the morning hour.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask whether bills to be reported cannot be put
upon their passage ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not the intention.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Then I ob-
ject, for this is the only suspension day in the
week.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will it be in order for
committees to report anything but bills and joint
resolutions?
Mr. SHERMAN. Nothing else.
The rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting therefor.
MAIL FROM SACRAMENTO TO OLYMPIA.
Mr. STOUT. I move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the further consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 715)
to establish a mail six times a week from Sacra-
mento, in California, to Olympia, in the Territory
of Washington.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Postmaster General to so modify the contract
with the contractors now performing services on
routes 12543 and 12555 as to provide for the con-
veyance of the entire United States mail, in four-
horse stages, daily, at a schedule of seven days,
from April 1st to December 1st, and twelve days
the remainder of the year, from Sacramento, via
Yreka, Jacksonville, Roseburg, Oakland, and Sa-
lem, to Portland, Oregon, for a compensation of
§90,000 per year, the contract to expire Septem-
ber 15, 1864; 'and also to establish a service six
times a week, at a schedule of thirty-six hours
throughout the year, from Portland, Oregon, via
Vancouver, Saint Helen's, and Monticello, to
Olympia, in Washington Territory, by acontraet,
at a rate of compensation not to exceed the rate
per mile allowed fiom Sacramento to Portland,
with steamer service from Portland to Cowlitz,
and from Cowlitz to Olympia by four-horse stages.
It also directs the Postmaster General to discon-
tinue the ocean service from San Francisco to _
Olympia, via Portland and Astoria, Oregon, so
soon as the service contemplated by this act is
established.
Mr. Mcknight, i object.
Mr. STOUT. I move to suspend the rules,
and ask that the report be read.
The report of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads was read, as follows:
" It is obvious (Vorn the tacts in tiie ease that such a ser-
vice as the bi!i contemplates is a great public necessity.
At the present time there Is no mail exceeding a weekly
service, and in most cases it is only &erai-monmly m that
State, The mail from the east is semi-monthly by water,
