1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
House. But, sir, I have, since I have been here
voted again and. again outside of the organization.
I have done it for high and noble purposes, as I
believe, and as I will do again whenever the occa-
sion requires. And, sir, m the canvass of 1858,
when I was running to succeed my distinguished
predecessor [Mr. Orr] who so honorably filled
that chair during the Thirty-Fifth Congress, in
the seventy-three stump speeches made by mc
during a seven months' canvass, against a most
talented and worthy gentleman who opposed me,
in the western district of South Carolina, I took
the ground, then and there, and in every one of
those speeches, that I would vote with that party
and act with it so long as its action and its course
commended themselves to my judgment and con-
science; but that I would not follow its behests
one step or one inch further.
I am here to carry out that.policy. Although I
am a Democrat, and consider myself within the
pale of the organization of the Democratic party,
yet whenever my judgment or my conscience tells
me that it is in the wrong, that its members are
pursuing a wrong course and supporting a wrong
policy, I will vote against the Democratic party
and against its nominees. I intend, sir, to carry
out that determination in my entire action in this
House. But while I say that, I also say that
I see nothing now that should cause me to hes-
itate for one moment in giving a free, cordial, and
hearty support to the gentleman from Illinois.
He is a gentleman. He bears the impress upon
his face; he carries it in every feature and linea-
ment of his countenance. I can vote for him with
pleasure. If we can place him in that chair to pre-
side overthe deliberations of this House, I believe
he will do it with credit to himself and honor to
the counUy, and that no man within the Demo-
cratic organization or out of it, will ever regret
that he has cast a vote to place him there.
To my South American friends, or rather sonic
of them, I have a word to say. Gentlemen,! am
disappointed m you. I have been pained at the
course you have pursued. I have no unkind or
harsh word to speak; 1 am not a southern fire-
eater; though I am a southern-rights man from
the crown of my head to the sole of my foot; and
I will yield to no man in my fixed purpose and
unalterable determination to sustain those rights.
You arc southern men; you have southern rights
and southern institutions to defend. We have
for eight weeks been fighting a common enemy?
I came to you and supported you. I did it with
all my heart and ungrudgingly. I did it cheer-
fully; and I would do it again. I repeat, gentle-
men, that some of you have disappointed mc. I
would not use a harsh or unkind word; but I sub-
mit it your consciences, whether you should not
do now for us what we did for you. Give us a
hearty and united support. If you do, I feel as-
sured the country at large will thank you for it.
I vote for Mr. McClernaxd, of Illinois.
Air. SIMMS. I desire to give a brief expla-
nation of the vote lam about to cast. I believe
there are times in the history of every country,
when it becomes the true patriot to rise above
party organizations and party allegiance. We
have been struggling here now for almost two
months, without success, to organize this House.
The country has been agitated from one extreme
to the other. The greatpublic heart has been full
of expectation. We now stand on the verge of
the determination of this contest; and this ballot
or the next will decide whether a national man
shall be elevated to that chair or the candidate of,
as I believe, a sectional party in the northern
States. The vote I am about to give is a vote
which I claim to give to my country—above the
dictates of party allegiance; for the allegiance 1
owe to my country is far ^bo\e any allegiance I
owe to any party. I am a partisan, as a means;
the end I seek is" the glory, the honor, and well-
being of my country.
Sir, I thank God—however much I may regret
the necessity for such declarations—that there arc
times and occasions in the history of every coun-
try which test the patriotism of men, and that we
have it m our power to rise above party allegiance.
And, sir, if the Democratic party docs nothing
else during this session of Congress, the manly,
the noble, and patriotic \ote we gave to the £cn-#i
tleman from Noith Carolina will stand as an en- j
dining monument of our disinterested patriotism, j
There is nota Democrat upon this floor, afterthat '
vote, who cannot return home to his constituents
and receive from them die plaudit of <£ well done,
good and faithful servant."
Now, sir, this ballot or the next, as I have
stated, will decide this contest. It is in the power
of ®ur South Americans friends to determine this
result; it is in their power to say whether the can-
didate of the Black Republican party'shall preside
over this House during the present Congress, or
whether a national man with national principles
shall be elevated to that chair.
Mr. MALLORY sought the floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, I object to all interrup-
tions.
Mr. MALLORY. I merely ask the gentleman
from Kentucky how it has that power?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Iobjcct. Weshall never
get through with this vote.
Mr. SIMMS. I will endeavor to explain to
my colleague from Kentucky, for I know that he
is a patriot, he is chivalrous, lie is manly, he is a
true son of the South; and will do what he can
for the protection of her interests,notasasection,
but because hers are the interests of the whole
country.
Now, sir, on this ballot one hundred and seven-
teen votes will elect. It is in the power of the
South American party, if all the members of the
Democratic party will change their votes to Mr.
McClernand to elect a Speaker of this House.
If they do not do it, I have no word of reproach
for those gentlemen. My colleague says he will
do it if he can get the votes of all the Democrats.
Now, Mr. Clerk, this straggle which lias been
thus protracted is about to be terminated, for weal
or woe, so far as the c.ountiy is concerned. I ask
if there is a Democrat here who cannot'make the
sacrifice required to cast his vote for Mr. Mc-
Clernaxd 5 My opinion is and always has been
that the Democratic party is a great party, that it
is magnanimous and patriotic, and when the inter-
est of the country demands a sacrifice on their
part that sacrifice will be made.
I do not agree with Mr. McClernand in his
opinions in reference to popular sovereignty; but,
sir, when I have witnessed the conduct of such
men as McCldrnaxtd, Logan, Cox, Yallaxdig-
riAAi, Larrabee, and others who have stood as
•breakwaters, driving back the dark tide of aboli-
tionism which threatened to destroy the country,
to destroy us; when I have seen their compeers
in the northern States fall one by one, and go
down beneath the political waves, perhaps to rise
no more forever, struggling to the last, for the
Union, for the Constitution, for the equality of
the States, for my rights, sir, [turning to Mr.
Malloiiy,] and foi your rights, and for the rights
of your constituents, and my constituents, they
shall not perish in their heroic struggle if my fee-
ble arm can save, or voice can cheer; and when
my heart is craven enough to refuse to acknowl-
edge with gratitude these noble deeds of service
rendered to me and mine, and our whole country,
may God m his justice, strike me down when I am
thus false to lnyseli, ond to every manly senti-
ment of a grateful heart. [Applause m the galle-
ries, and cries of '"Older!" Older"' from the
Republican benches.] 1 will never desert them;
and it'fhere is a constituent of mine who has a heart
so cold, so d°ad, to that noble love of country as
not to bid me God speed in the effort 1 now make,
if possible, to strengthen the Union, I would be
willing to meet the condemnation of that constit-
uent. I believe, sir, that the manly sentiment of
Kentucky would scout him from the land. Let
us then come up and settle this difficulty like men,
as patriots, not as partisans; we can do it, and we
ought to do it. It is within our power to organ-
ize this House upon a national basis, which or-
ganization, sir, would bo hailed in every section
and the remotest portions of this Republic, with
unsurpassed delight.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask my colleague why he
did not make that appeal yesterday to the gentle-
men of his own party who stood out against Mr.
Smith, of North Carolina?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object to anybody in-
terrupting the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. SIMMS. My colleague will be^r me tes-
timony that I have not sought to throw the respons-
ibility ofiho non-organization of this House upon
the Am-niean party, or any other party upon this
floor. I do not believe 1 am mean enough, or
coward enough, to shirk my ixspon.-abilty; if 1
were, I would deserve the contempt of every hon-
orable man in the country. I am a Democrat, act-
ing with my party, and I am opposed to Ameri-
canism. I have voted for the candidate of the
American party, and will do so again; and I re-
gret that there were gentlemen on this side of the
House who failed to vote for Mr. Smith. That
was wrong, and my colleague from Kentucky
should not emulate that wrong. I say that the re-
sponsibility for the non-organization of this House
rests equally upon the Democratic party,the Amer-
ican party, and the anti-Lecompton members. I
take my part of the responsibility; I yield to others
the same rights that I claim for myself. I believe
that my American friends are as patriotic as we
are of the Democratic party.
Sir, the remarks I had the honor to submit in-
this House some weeks since, called down upon
my head the bitter denunciation of the northern
fanatic, and a portion of the southern press of
my own district and State. I was denounced as
a fire-eater and disunionist. If, sir, to be true to
the Constitution of my country; if, to insist and
maintain, to the best of my ability under that
Constitution, the rights of my constituents, the
rights of my State, the rights of the whole South,
merits such denunciation, I can well afford to bow
to it without complaint. The enemy of the Union
is not the man who seeks to preserve inviolate the
Constitution of the country; but the enemy of the
Constitution is the enemy of the Union. The one
cannot exist without the other. Sir, when I ap-
proach this question, I realize its magnitude. No
proposition of such moment to the future destiny
of this country; ever presented itself to the mind
of the American statesman. It rises above all
others in importance; it absorbs nil others in con-
sequence. A dissolution of the Amcncan Union,
by the destruction of the Constitution and Gov-
ernment of the Re-public, I should regard as the
most terrible calamity that had ever befallen a
nation m the annals of the world's history. It
would be a calamity m the political world no less
in ruin upon our own country, andin retrogression
of all that can advance and dignify man upon
God's habitable globe, than were the sun, the
moon, and the stars stricken from the firmament
of heaven, and its now bright and peerless vault
left overshadowed in eternal night.
No, sir; God forbid that any"act of mine, or
any thought even in the most secret chamber of
my heart, should ever conspire to perpetrate a
wrong so terrible as this. It would be treason
against the hopes of the woild. And, sir, if that
event evei happens, if this Union is ever dismem-
bered, it will not be by the aggressive policy of
the South. We will stand by it while the Con-
stitution endures; we will fall by it, defending the
Constitution to the last. lam not a disunionist.
I honor my country; I love her history. Heaven
forbid that any sentiment of my heart should ever
invoke upon her the calamities of disunion. From
this 1 would forefend her, by every consideration
that is dear to man.
I hope my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory] will be the first of those of his friends who
hold out, to rise in his place and vote for M r. Mc-
Ci.f.iixaxd. I care not what others may have
done or what others will do; I feel that I have
the approbation of the country in casting my vote
for Mr. McClernaxd, of Illinois.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am one of those, Mr.
Clerk, who have not yet cast their votes! It is
known to all that I belong to the most extreme
wing of southern politicians. I do not indorse the
opinions of every man for whom I have voted;
and now, upon the information I hold in my hand,
that if those of us from the South, who have with-
held our votes, and those who have scattered their
votes will vote for Mr. McClernand, of Illinois,
his vote will tie that of Mr. Pexnixgtox, of New
Jersey; and in the hope of thus preventing the
election of a Republican Speaker, 1 do not hesi-
tate to cast my vote for Mr. McClernaxd, of Il-
linois. [Applause in the galleries.]
The vote was then declared, as above recorded.
Mr. WIN3LOW. I move that the House do
now adjourn. [Loud cries of " No from the
Republican benches.]
Mr. THEAKER. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move that we proceed to
vote again, viva voce, tor Speaker. It is Unit; that
, this protracted contest for f^peaker wan ended.
