224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Daives.
Ho. of Reps.
of slavery into the Territories, as claimed by the
Republicans, and giving a judicial quietus to the
doctrinc of unfriendly legislation. If any doubt
exists as to the meaning of the court, it should be
removed by the additional clause from the same
decision:
" We have already said the right of property irj a slave
is distinctly and expressly affirmed in tlie Constitution."
* * * * " The rights of property arc united with
the rights of persons, and placed on the same grounds, by
the fifth amendment of the Constitution. And an act of Con-
gress which deprives a citizen of his liberty or property, be-
cause he brought his property into a particular Territory
of the United States, and who had committed no offense
against the laws, can hardly be dignified with the name of
process of law."
Yet, sir, despite this decision, we are told that
""the right of the people at any time, -while in a
territorial condition, to make a slave Territory or
a free Territory, is perfect and complete under"—
what? The Constitution? No such power can
be found in that instrument, under the decisions
of the Supreme Court. That power the court
denies. Where, then, do these advocates of ter-
ritorial sovereignty get this power, that over-
rides" constitutions and decisions and laws—this
"Aaron's rod, that swallows up all other rods?"
I commend their answer to my southern Dem-
ocratic friends: "under the Kansas-Nebraska
bill,"which the Cincinnati platform recognizes
as a cardinal principle of Democratic faith. I al-
lude to it here in no partisan spirit; my object is
a higher and nobler one. As a southern man,
loving the institutions of the sunny South, and
desiring to transmit them unimpaired to my chil-
dren, I call upon members of my own party, and
ask them to ignore every candidate and every plat-
form that will not and does not recognize the con-
stitutional rights of every portion of my Union. I
invoke the Democratic party South no longer (for
the sake of party unity and party success) to bo
satisfied with what Senator iversonterms "the
wretched uncertainties mid unmeaning generalities
of the Kansas bill, and the thousand ills of which
it has been the prolific source;" nor " with apocry-
pha! sentences strung together, meaning anything
or everything or nothing, as one chooses to con-
strue them," us Senator Brown styles your Cin-
cinnati platform-, which is "insulting to our in-
telligence with its northern and southern sides."
Mr. CRAWFORD. My colleague has seen
proper to give some ad vice to the Democratic party
of the State of Georgia, in reference to what course
we should pursue touching the presidential race.
I desire now to ask my colleague whether or not
he will insist that his own candidate for the Presi-
dency shall be in favor of the protection of slave
property in the Territories? 1 ask my colleague
if he is at this time prepared to say that lie will
vote for no candidate for the Presidency unless
that candidate is in favor of the protection of slave
property in the Territories3
Mr. HARDEMAN. I am ready to answer any
question that relates to the interests of the South,
or the rights of my people; and I say that I, for
one, will vote for no man for the Presidency who,
when it is needed, will deny me the right of pro-
tection to slavery in the Territories.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I want to understand the
gentleman.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I am not the adviser of
my political party, because I am one of those who
have just commenced to taste the drippings of the
sanctuary.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire that we may get
together. I do not wish my colleague to answer
" when it is needed," but to meet the question in
such a way that his answer will definitely settle
the question.
Mr. HARDEMAN. One of the earliest im-
pressions left upon my mind by the teachings of
my aged father, was never to cross the river be-
fore we came to the bridge; and whenever the
time arrives that it is necessary for me to give or
withhold my vote for a man who will deny me
that protection, the gentleman will not find me
wanting.
And now, as the gentleman has put me upon
the stand, 1 want to ask him a question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I mustinsist that the gen-
tleman has not answered my question; and as I
propounded it in good faith, and under the belief
that my colleague would have answered that he
was in favor of protecting slave property in the
Territories, and that he would have met the ques-
tion promptly and at oncc, I asked it. I am
ready to answer any question the gentleman may
put to me touching protection in the Territories.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I said in my speech—
and the gentleman would have heard it if he had
listened—that I claimed that right.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 asked ray colleague the
question for the reason that I want to sec my
State united, and do not want to see any difference
of opinion among the members of Congress from
Georgia, touching the slave question. I ask my
colleague again, will he vote for any man for the
Presidency who is not in favor of protecting slave
property in the Territories?
Mf. HARDEMAN. I have stated that I would
not; that if, when the time came, when this pro-
tection was needed", and he flinched from that duty,
I would not vote for him. I said it to my people,
and I say it again. I would like to know why it
is that we should legislate before the time comes.
"Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
Now i did not expect this colloquy with my
colleague; but now that I have got him on the
stand,! would ask him, entertaining the views we
do, and the views which most of his party enter-
tained in Georgia during the recent canvass on
the doctrine of popular sovereignty, squatter sov-
ereignty, or Douglasism, whether the honorable
gentleman would vote for Stephen A. Douglas, if
nominated by the Charleston convention?
Mr.CRAWFORD. I say to my colleague,in
reference to the Charleston nomination, that,
whenever it is made, and the other candidates are
in the field, I will determine upon my course, and
not until then.
Mr. HARDEMAN. Then I am glad I have
converted the gentleman to one of my positions;
that he will not cross the river until he gets to the
bridge. As 1 said before, I did not allude to this
subject in a partisan spirit; but 1 made the appeal
because the union of these States is endangered;
and the only way we can restore confidence and
repose is by a strict observance of the Constitu-
tion, and an unqualified recognition of the rights
of the States. Sectionalism must cease, aggres-
sions must be chocked, and constitutional equality
restored and respected, or the people, irritated and
exasperated by the promises of parties, will no
longer regard ours as a Government of protection.
For years, sir, the bow of promise has arched our
political horizon, but to-day, clouded and obscured
we no longer look upon its circling splendors. As
an American citizen, who wouldavertthedangers
that threaten my country, 1 implore men of all par-
ties so to legislate that these agitations may cease,
and quiet and pcace be restored to our distracted
coui^ry. I?or, sir, if moderation does not con-
trol our counsels, if an observance of the laws does
not mark our actions, then will our Government
be a failure, hope of civil liberty become ex-
tinguished, anuNHie volume of our history will be
"indexed and closed." Heaven avert this melan-
choly calamity ;and may our country, blessed with
the smiles of an approving Providence, continue
her ownward march, prospering and to prosper,
until the nations of the earth of a truth shall say
power dwells upon her mountains and greatness
lingers among her forests and her hills.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY L. DAWES,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
JSpril 12, I860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. DAWES said:
Mr. Chairman: In the first week of the ses-
sion, and before the early muttermgs of the storm
which raged for more than forty days about this
Capitol had reached the ear of the nation, a dis-
tinguished member from Alabama [Mr. Curry]
startled the country with the appalling announce-
ment that the Republic was holding its breath.
This alarming declaration stirred for a moment
the already fluttering pulse of a sensitive people,
and, but for its constant repetition upon this floor
by the sensafionists who live in the murky at-
mosphere of this tempest, would still command
all that serious consideration to which earnestness
and sincerity originally commended it. And now,
sir, that the storm has passed away, and the Re-
public, emerging into the clear blue sky of unim-
passioned reason, gives on every side unmistak-
able evidence that it still breathes, I have not
sought the floor to controvert the fact or search
for the cause of so direful a peril, in the very jaws
of which the nation has so lately been discovered.
The gentleman apprised the country as well of
the primal cause as of the terrible effect, and, with
the same earnestness and sincerity which mark all
his course here, declared that " the real cause of
the agitation of the public mind, the radix of the
excitement, is the anti-s^very sentiment of the
North—the conviction yfat property in man is a
sin and a crime." V
Not wishing to deny, but, on the other hand,
assuming and recognizing the fact thus stated, that
there does exist in all the North, so deep-seated
that it may justly be termed radical, and so firm
as to be fundamental, the conviction that property
in man is a sin and a crime, I have thought my
brief hour might be best occupied in discussing the
question: How has-and how ought this conviction to
be met ?
A preliminary inquiry, indispensable to a sat-
isfactory answer* suggests itself at the threshold.
Whence came, and of how long standing, is thi3
conviction, the very existence of which now seems
to peril the Republic? Men who stumble upon
it treat it as something new. They start back
from it as from a new dogma—the offspring of
some maudlin philanthropy, some attenuated,
transcendental philosophy, some sickly senti-
mentality, born of the hour, bent on mischief, and
eager to overturn and subvert. It is condemned
as the creed of the reformer, and the war-cry of the
innovator. Against it, as against the sacrilegious
hand of an invader, is thrust that other doctrine,
that slavery is not only not a sin and a crime, but
is morally, socially, and politically, a positive
good, "the highest type of civilization;" " en-
nobling to both the white and the black." And
this is pushed forward as if it were an old canon
of the church, or an old defender of the ancient
household gods of the Republic, arrayed in the#
habiliments of conservatism and peace. It is of
these two conflicting, radically antagonistic, and
fundamentally hostile ideas that 1 propose to
speak.
Whether the contact of these two different the-
ories in politics, social condition, morality, and
religion, will prove to be "an irrepressible con-
flict of opposing and enduring forces," it is not
in my way to inquire; for words and phrases,
like the clothes we put on, wear out and aie laid
aside when they can no longer serve the uses to
which they are applied. To the politician, who
finds food for his intellect, and inspiration for his
ambition, in beating the dust out of the old clothes
he picks up by the wayside, I turn over this cast-
off garment of the member of this House from
Virginia, [Mr. Pryor,J and of the great Senator
from the State of New York, [Mr. Seward.]
They have both, each in his own felicitous lan-
guage, pronounced this contact of these two an-
tagonistic ideas to be a conflictofopposingforces,
tyid, from the profound depths of their philoso-
phic and prophetic minds, they have both pre-
dicted that, in the nature of things, there can be
no peace in this conflict. They have both proph-
esied that it is to go on till the one shall prevail
over the other—till the whole nation shall come
to know and feel and acknowledge, m a living,
active, practical faith, either that" slavery, as is
the prophecy of the one, shall be confessed of all
to be a positive good, sanctioned by the Divme
command, approved by the wisdom of experience,
a blessing alike to the master and slave, and yet
to be universal—or, as is predicted by the other,
all, with one assent, shall pronounce it a sin and
a crime before God and man; a withering, blight-
ing curse to the earth it rests upon, and the men
who walk its surface; from under which the na-
tion shall yet lift itself to the plane of universal
freedom. The Virginian has clothed his vatici-
nations in the following language, at once devout
and militant :
" Repeatedly have we asked the North,' has not the ex-
