1666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
results. It is presumed to intend what it did.
What did it do? It enabled the people to reject
Lecompton. For one, I said, when I voted for it,
that it was with that intent. I remember how
vehemently the Republican side denied that such
would be its effect. I remember the sneers and
scorn of the other side when I dared to give my
vote on that argument. I remember how it was
tauntingly asked: " Is the constitution sub-
mitted?" My answer was that, although I pre-
ferred a more direct submission, I would take any
mode of submission which would accomplish my
purpose. Especially would 1 do it, when, after
full trial, I could not get the mode I most wanted.
In the Senate, a distinguished Senator from New
York went out of his parliamentary track to sneer
at my plain and true intrepretation of that bill.
I quote from his speech:
'' Sir, the fim member ofOongress in the House ofRepre-
sentatives who hioke ground against the Lecompton consti-
tution was an honoiable gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Cox,]
repiese.nting, I think, the capital district in that honored
State. lie denounced this Lecompton outrage in language
so strong, with a tone so bold, with a logic so triumphant,
that I was disposed to contribute something ftom my own
means to Give a circulation to Ik- impassioned and con-
clusive adthess. It ha^ gone, theiefoie, bioadcast over
the land. lie is a man that could not bo convinced of Ins
eiror by any inconclusive aigument; yet lie i« converted to
this proposition, and I think it due to ium that, in this poor
way, I should give to the world, as lar as it is in my povvei,
his explanation of this bill:
" ' Mr. Cox .-aid he was first in the House to oppose the
Lecompton constitution, yet he had come to the conclu-
sion to sustain the report. Propei consideiations had ac-
tuated lum throughout. Though the constitution was not
to be submitted,the icpoit provided few obtaining the sense
©f the people upon it.-
" There is an explanation, Mr. President, that is an ex-
planation—an explanation most satisfactory, mosttiiumph~
ant; a piocess has been provided lor obtaining the sense
of the people on a proposition which is not submitted to
them ! Sir, theic j- no State but Ohio that could have sug-
gested a solution of this problem like that.'1
The distinguished Senator, not satisfied with
his sneer at Ohio, then denounced the proposition
as equivocal. He said:
" The use of equivocation, or the double entendre, is an
act of immoiahty, in legislation, desemng of seveie cen-
sure, '>
He prophesied that the result would be the es-
tablishment of a slave State in the center of this
continent, on the highway between the Atlantic
and Pacific, north of 36° 30'. But this, like other
vaticinations of the distinguished Senator, have
received their quietus by a prompt non-fulfillment.
They had in them more of wish than of prescience.
How much his other speculations are worth, may
be a matter of future inquiry.
To refute this seer from New York, we have
the admission of the chairman of the Committee
on Territories here, [Mr. Grow,] that the people
did reject—not the English bill, but Lecompton,
by the election provided for in that bill.
The Delegate calls that provision a mean and
false contrivance. Was it, then, mean and false
to allow his people to vote on Lecompton ? lie
says the people of Kansas did not succumb to it.
He afterwards qualified it by saying, Ck to its
restrictive provisions."
I say, sir, that every binding clause and word
of that bill the people of Kansas accepted, acted
under them, and were by them, enabled to give
a free, unbribed, unintimidatcd expression as to
Lecompton.
In twenty substantive particulars they accepted
that bill, and acted under it:
1. In voting on the " question of admission,
with the proposition named on U."
2. In voting "proposition injected," and "prop-
osition accepted," as they pleased.
3. After the rejection of tlie proposition, in pro-
ceeding to form a constitution more acceptable,
by their legislative action,
4. By electing delegates; and determining
whether it was the wish of the people to come in
at the time.
5. By making such " limitations and restric-
tions as to the mode and manner of its approval or
ratification by the people of the proposed State,"
as they might prescribe.
6. The commissioners acted undent, including
the presiding officers of the two branches of the
frec- State Legislature. I call particular attention
to this.
Before I voted for that bill, I conferred with one
of the commissioners named, Mr. Wier, the dis-
trict attorney. I found him fair. He went out
immediately to Kansas-, called the board together,
and initiated the proceedings under the English
bill, in connection with the Secretary of State,
Governor Denver, and the Speakers of the two
Houses, who were free-State men.
7. They established precincts for voting.
8. They caused the polls to be opened at the
places designated.
9. They appointed the judges of election.
10. They required the sheriffs to attend the
places of voting, to preserve peace and order.
11. They appointed a day for the election.
12. The Governor announced it by proclama-
tion.
13. It was the first Monday of August, 1858,
and followed the law, by being " as early a day
as was consistent with due notice to the people."
Now, sir, I know the secret history of this
matter. This day was fixed in consultation with
the district attorney, in order to conform to the
English bill.
14. They directed the " time and manner of re-
turns."
15. These returns were made to the boaid.
16. That board "announced the result by proc-
lamation.' '
17. The " Governor certified them to the Presi-
dent."
18. In the third section the qualification of vot-
ers is fixed—it was "inhabitants." This was
followed in the vote.
19. The provisions against fraud and force were
observed by the officers, who fairly carried out
the election. The papers of both sides said, at
the time, that it was a fair election. No one com-
plained of it.
20. The board took an oath in conformity with
the last section of the bill.
In following'these twenty substantive provis-
ions of this bill, the people of Kansas were law-
abiding. The Delegate said that they had ob-
served all congrosjuonal laws; but he strangely
contradicted himself by saying that they had not
observed, or " succumbed," to the " restrictive"
parts of this bill. All these provisions I have
,named arc restrictive. Every law is restrictive
which regulates elections, provides againstfraud,
and limits the excrcisc ofpowcr. All these twenty
instances are restrictive, because no complete cen-
sus was taken, for lack of the money, and because
Congress failed to appropriate it—it does not fol-
low that Kansas was derelict in her duty under
the English bill. That part of the conference bill
which provides for a new constitution and census,
js in no sense restrictive. It is an enabling act.
It offers to Kansas a proposition of admission, in
case certain things were done. Itisatenderonly.
It is not a definitive and compulsory rule of action.
It does not require and demand of Kansas to fulfill
its conditions. If Kansas accepts the proposition
of admission, and complies with the conditions,
the compact is complete, and Congress is bound
to admit. No act of admission, even, would be
necessary, according to some of the precedents,
although it would be most regular to have such
an act.
Ohio, on 27th February, 1802, petitioned for
admission. On 9th April, 1802, a bill was passed
enabling her to come in. A constitution was
formed, and on 19th February, 1803, an act was
passed extending the laws of the United States,
not locally inapplicable, over said State. No act
of admission was passed; none was required.
Her Senators took their seats under the provis-
ions of the enabling act, for Us conditions were
fulfilled, and Ohio was a State. And, therefore, I
say that the enabling clause of the English bill
was simply a preposition fiom Congrej^s to Kan-
sas, which she wa.? at perfect libeity to accept or
not. It was not at all binding upon her. If -she
accepted it, then she had the rig-lit to come, pro
forma, into the Union, even without any further
legislation upon the partofCongress. But whether
she accept it or not, when she comes again, as
she comes to-day with her Wyandotte constitu-
tion, in conformity with the eleven precedents
which have been referred to by the chairman of
the Committee on Territories, [Mr. Grow,] then
we can consider her ease. There is no provision
in the conference bill which prevents our action.
I am entirely free to act as I please upon this bill,
as a member of the Thirty-Sixth Congress. T in-
tend so to act. I anticipated just such a measure
as we have to-day, with just such surroundings.
I act now on the convictions I had in contemplat-
ing such a contingency. No one has a right here
to question my action. My constituents alone
can do it.
It was said by the gentleman from "Virginia,
[Mr. Garnett,] the other day, that all those who
voted for the English bill were bound in honor to
vote against the present bill for admission. I am
the keeper of my own honor. I cannot in honor
do otherwise than vote for this bill. It would be
dishonorable to do otherwise. When the confer-
ence bill was up, I had clear views of the effect of
the enabling act. I expressed them. I said then:
" This lule, which would keep out new States until they
are matured by natural emigration, and until the population
is sufficient tor one member of Congress, is wise and use-
ful. It ought to have been applied to Kansas before Le-
compton came up. "It has now been ingiafted on the Ari-
zona bill, reported by Senator Douglas. The Democratic
party will make it imperative and applicable to all future
Territoues. Already a bill is introduced by General Uuit-
man for that purpose, [twill become a law, by the united
Demociatic, and I hope, Republican and Amencan vote
betore this session closes.
" But <jvcrybody knows that, whether there boa ratio in
Kansas sufficient lor a member of Congress next fall oi not,
if Kansas bungs to us a constitution made by her own peo-
ple, there is nothing in the eonfeienee bill to prevent Con-
gress fiom bringing her in. Confess is capable of repeal-
ing as well as of enacting. Congiessdidiepeal the Missouri
line, which had Moiever' as its time to nm; and surely
Congress can bring Kansas in ne.\t session, with a less
population than the ratio, it she chooses."
There were insinuations, groundless and rr.enn,
made against me, when I voted for the conference
bill, for which I have had ample satisfaction.^ If it
were not ample hitherto, 1 take it to-day. I said at
the time that the rule which would keep oat new
States until they were matured by natural emigra-
tion, and until the population is sufficient for one
member of Congress, was a wise and useful rule.
It ought to have been applied before Lecompton
came up. And, sir, when I went home to my
people, and I was call< d to account for that vote,
I laid down the same proposition. I am here to-
day by these propositions to vindicate my record.
I take pleasure in reading what I said at that time,
in anticipation and confirmation of the doctrine
which was so thoroughly discussed by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Gooeii.] Here is
what I said:
" 1. That it was wise and proper for Congress, In making
an enabling act, to require the ratio of population for a
member of Congress according to the umveisal pieeedent,
running fiom the ordinance ot 1787 down to the Minnesota
act of 1857, and according to the general rule as 1 to icqui-
site population,' atiirmed in the Cincinnati platform.
" '2. That it will be wise and judicious lor Kansas to comply
with the terms of the conference bill. I tiust they will do
so. I believe that thev will. If they do so, they will be
admitted pro forma. The proposition tendered by Congiess
to Kansas being accepted by the lattci, the compact is com-
plete, ahd Congiess is Aoimdto admit.
u 3. But were it best to do otherwise than the enabling bill
provides, theie is nothing in the conference bill to prevent
Congress fiom biingnig Kansas in. Congiess can do as it
pleases m every stage of its proceeding, with lespect to the
admission of States. The Constitution gives Congress am-
ple ' discretion' in the admisMon ot States."
I went on still further, and said:
"lam satisfied now, and was satisfied when the Le-
compton constitution was sent back by the conleiencc bill,
that Kansas had the requisite population foi a incmbpr of
Congiess. Therefoie, when I voted to send Lecompton
back to that people, I believe that I sent it to a^ many vot-
eis as mo?t congressional dit-tucts contain. Tin-- tiie elec-
tions on the 10th January and on the 2d August have dein-
onstiated. Many disfnet* m Ohio had several thousand
less voters last yeai than Kansas had at these election'-.
"■ Kansas has the requisite population to make another
constitution; but she is not, as 1 believe, piepaied nor
willing to make such a constitution through the agency of
the piesent Legislature, called the ' thiity-inne thieves.'
(iovernoi Denver iefu-.es to call that Lege latin e together
again. The people sustain linn. Consequently no appli-
cation will be made, m Unit event, to the neM session of
Congie^ for admwsion. unie-, nndei the Leavenworth
constitution, winch I never can vote lot, because it is not
the wdl ot the people.
w I am >atMicd that Kan-\-w ha- the population for a
membeiot Coupe  . 1 do not believe it will deciease ; and
so believing, I t-hall sub^tantnillv comply with the lule as
to the population, when I vote lor her prompt admission,
i feci jn\rclf at liberty, a mcmbei of Congie«, to exer-
cise invown judgment a^ to the population ot Kansas ; and
though the census would be the best evidence. 3 et any evi-
dence, (like that wf the Minnesota case,1 which is con-
\ mcing, will eonttol my action. I am satisfied with the
population ; and I say heie that, for thotreu&on, I shall vote
for Kansas to come in, it she hereafter applies with a con-
titution fanly made and ratified.3'
My colleague [Mr. Pendleton] showed yester-
day that there were seven districts in Ohio which
hncl a less voting population than Kansas had in
the last election. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Territories—the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow,] who has thus far conducted
this matter with creditable fairness—has shown
