646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 90, nays 139; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L, Anderson, Avery, Barksdale,
Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Bonham, Hoteler, Boulignv, Boyce,
Bralison, Branch, Brigg^, Burch, Burnett, John B. Ciatk,
Clopton, Cobb, John Oochiane,Cox, Burton Craise, Craw-
ford, Curry, Davidson, lleuben Davis, DeJarnette,Edmund-
son, Etheridge, Florence, Garnett, Gartreil, Hamilton, Har-
deman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, I-Iill, Ilmdman,
Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Kent, Kunkel, Lamar,
Landrurn, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay,
Mallory, Maynard, McClernand,McQueen, McRae, Milo-i,
MiHson, Montgomery, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Motrin,
Noell, Pendleton, Phelps, Pryor, I'ugh, Quarles, Reagan,
Riggs, James C. Robinson, Rntfin, Rust, Scott, Sickles,
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William N. II. Smith,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thoma°, Un
derwoori, VaHandighani,Vance,Wluteley,VVinslow, Wood-
son, and Wught—90.
NAYS—Mesws. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashlcv,
Ashmore, Babbitt, Beale, Binsham, Blair, Blake, Bravton,
Bristow, BufTinton, Burlmgame, Burnham, Burroughs, But-
terfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Clemens, Colfax,
Conklmg, Cooper, Corwin,Covode, James Craig, Cuitis, \\.
Wintei Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards. Eliot, Ely, English, Farnsworth, Feu-
ton, Ferry, Foster, Fouke, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooch,
Graham, Grow, GurJey, Hale, Hall, J. Moirisou llaru-,
Haskin, Helnuck, Ilickman, Hoard, Holman. Howard,
Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchms, Irvine, Junkin, Fiancis W.
Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilg^e, Killmger, De
Witt C. Leach, Lee, Longnccker, Loomts, Lovejoy,Mar>-
ton, Charles D. Mart'n, Klbcrt S. Martin, MuKean, Mc-
Kntghtj McPherson, Mil!ward,Laban T. Moore, Moorhead,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morns, Moise, Nelson,Niblaek, Nixon',
Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Pcny, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pot-
tle,Reynolds, Uice,Chustopherilobmson, ltoyce, Schwartz,
Scranton, Sedgwick, Sheiman, Sonic-;, Spaulding, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewait, Stoker, Stiatton,
Tapp.in, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, rJ'rain, Tnml lo,
Vandever, Van Wyck, Veriee, Wade, \Valdron, Walton.
Cadvvalader C. Washburn, Eliihu B. Wa^hbunie, Marl
Wash bum, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Wood-
ruff— 139.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CLEMENS, when his name was called,
said: 1 was sent here, Mr. Clerk, by the people
of the tenth district of Virginia, to discharge the
public business. I have made use of every alterna-
tive and expedient that an honorable man could
do to accomplish that result. I can sec no ad-
vantage to the public, or to any party, by prolong-
ing this controversy. It must be met. We can
shirk it no longer; and, although I am disabled,
1 will remain here all m ht to secure an organiza-
tion. For that purpose, I vote against the adjourn-
ment. [Applause from the Republican benches,
and galleries ]
Mr, DAVIDSON, when his name was called,
said: I will stay all night, like Mr. Clf.mens, but
for a different purpose—to prevent another ballot;
and I vote "ay," therefore, to adjourn.
Mr. FLO HENCE, when his name was called,
said: My judgment is that we ought to adjourn.
I agree generally that this contest is very neatly
at nil end. My constituents sent me here to per-
form my duty, and I am inclined to perform it.
My duty is to resist, to the last degree, that suc-
cess which I deplore; and I believe we can do the
work better in the morning. If we ballot again
to-night, we cannot get through with it until a
late hour—too late to inaugurate a Speaker of this
House. We had better commence fresh m the
morning. [Cries of " Call the roll!" from the
Republican side.] It is my desire that this House
shall now adjourn, and I give fair notice that I
shall try to get an adjournment by every proper
and legitimate means in my power.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a point of order, ft
is certainly against all rules to make a speech upon
a motion to adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then the gentleman is pro-
ceeding to do what he disapproves in me. I in-
tend to say what I please. I vote in the affirmative.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. If, on Friday, we
had sat here longer, and voted once, twice, or thrice
more, we would have organized this House upon
a conservative and national basis. We are in that
condition now, except as to the basis. Gentle-
men upon the other side served us with notice
then that they would not consent to another bal-
lot. I am disposed to commend now that chalice
to their own lips. I vote "ay," especially as
we have now had " Gabriel's last trump," the
"crack of doom," and the ''foregone conclu-
sion."
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr.SHERMAN. I move that the House now
proceed to another vote, viva voce, for Speaker;
and upon that I call the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. IvEITT. (Jpon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. That is a
dilatory motion, to prevent the election of a
Speaker, I understand.
Mr. FLORENCE. On Friday, we submitted
very kindly and gracefully to an adjournment
until Monday, and it is rather hard thatgentlemen
will not reciprocate the favor.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that this House do
now adjourn.
Mr. W1NSLOW. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. KEITT. I call for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Maynard were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
fifty-four in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to be excused from
voting.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. On Friday, gen-
tlemen on that side asked that we should adjourn,
and we consented, because they announced that
they would have no further ballot. The adjourn-
ment was against my judgment, it is true; but
after some time the Democratic party yielded that
much to their demands; and I now again ask that,
by unanimous consent, the House adjourn. If
you of the other side have the strength, you can
elect to-morrow; and it is now four o'clock and
past. If you defeat us, we shall have the conso-
lation, at least, that we have compelled you to
change front and strike your flag.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not think that a motion
to be excused from voting upon a motion to ad-
journ is a legitimate one.
Mr. GARNETT. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to draw the attention
of the House to the fact that the whole of this
morning's session has been occupied, not by mem-
bers upon the Republican side of the House, but
by gentlemen upon the other side.
Mr. WRIGHT. I iise to a question of order.
Is it in order for the gentleman to make these
remarks >
The CLERIC. The Clerk desires to state to
the gentleman from Tennessee 
Mr. COLFAX. I am responding to an appeal
which has been made to us from the other side.
Mr. WRIGHT. I withdraw my objection.
Air. COLFAX. It has been stated by gentle-
men upon the other side of the Ilotiso that they
wanted this House organized. [Groat noise and
confusion in the Hall.]
The CLERK. The gentleman from Indiana
will suspend until order is restored m the Hall.
After a brief interval, order bem^ restored—
Mr. COLFAX (resuming.) I wish to remind
my friend from Missouri [Mr. Anderson] of the
pathetic appeal he made four or five weeks ago,
when he presented the petition of the mail con-
tractors, that this House should speedily organ-
ize, and that they should be paid, and I call upon
him to stand by us in our desire and determina-
tion to have another vote for Speaker, if possible.
I desire, also, to have the country understand
the fact that, if three hours have been occupied in
taking the last vote, it has been by no fault of this
side of the House. The time has been occupied
by gentlemen upon the other side in making ex-
planations; and 1 desire gentlemen also to remem-
ber that they themselves proposed to us that we
should have three ballots each day for Speaker.
We have had but one solitary ballot to-day.
Mr. GARNETT. How many had we on
Friday?
Mr. COLFAX. I will state that, when an appeal
was made from the other side of the House the
other day, to have the call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn withdrawn, after they
had occupied the whole day themsehes, the gen-
tleman from New York [Air. Coxkling] did with-
draw the call, m a spirit of comity.
Air. GARNETT. Does not the gentleman
know that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stat-
ion] and the gentleman from Iowa [Air. Curtis]
got up upon that side of the House and said that
they and their party took the responsibility of
forcing an adjournment? And did not one of those
gentlemen say that their party was in a terrified
condition, and the other that it was in a confused
condition ?
Mr. CURTIS. Oh, no.
Air. GARNETT. Did you not ask us to ad-
journ, and give you an opportunity for consulta-
tion; and did we not consent to that adjournment?
Did you not give notice that you would filibuster
to prevent another ballot; and did we not agree to
the arrangement you proposed ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Belshazzar-like, they saw
the handwriting on the wall, and read the words,
"menu, merit, tekel, vph(trshx.ii [Laughter and
loud calls to order.]
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to answer the gentle-
man from the Accomacdistrict of Virginia. [Great
confusion and uproar m the Hall.j On the occa-
sion he refers to, we had a vote by yeas and nays
on adjournment over, and a majority of the House
voted in favor of such adjournment. We have
voted now upon an adjournment, and a large ma-
jority, including members of the gentleman'sown
party, have shown themselves opposed to an ad-
journment. I want it to be known that there is
a combination on that side, bound together in a
factious opposition to the will of the majority,
and who arc resolved to filibuster to prevent an
organization of the House. I now yield to my
friend from Tennessee, [Air. Etheridge,] who
desires to make a suggestion.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Clerk 
Air. FLORENCE. I cannot consent that the
gentleman from Indiana shall farm out the floor.
Hi must resign it altogether. [Increasing uproar
and confusion in the Hall.]
The CLERK. The Clerk will entertain no
proposition and hear no discussion till order is
restored.
Air. BURNETT. Who is entitled to the floor,
Air. Clerk >
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Air. Da"\ is] was recognized some time since
as on the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. I have yielded to the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Air. BURNETT. Thegcntleman from Indiana
had no right to yield.
The CLERK. The Clerk feels under obliga-
tions to assign the floor to the gentleman from
Mississippi, inasmuch as he has been trying to
get it longer than anybody else.
Air. COLFAX. After the gentleman from Ten-
nessee shall hove made his suggestion, I will
yield to the gentleman from Mississippi.
Air. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Thegcntleman
from fndianalms said that the adjournment on Fri-
day last was had by the. consent of the House.
The record will show thnt that was not the case.
T insisted on the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn, until I was appealed to by gentleman on
this side of the House; and I then asked dis-
tinctly if the other side of the House would take
the responsibility of adjournment? They said
-they would ;and thereupon I withdrew my demand
for the yeas and nays. Unless I had withdrawn
it, this House could not have adjourned. The
responsibility was distinctly assumed by that side
of the House. The gentleman from Iowa said
that his party was terrified 
M" CURTIS. Oh, no, sir.
Air. SPINNER. That was Stanton.
Air. DAVIS, of Mississippi. And the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] said that, on ac-
count of their terrified condition, they must have
an opportunity of consulting. I withdrew my de-
mand for the yeas and nays; but if we had stood
firmly then, the adjournment would not have been
had.
Air. COLFAX. The explanation of the gen-
tlemen from Alississippi does not change the ac-
tual aspect of affairs.
Air. STANTON. Permit me a word here.
Air. COLFAX. There was a clear indication
m favor of the adjournment of the House by a
majority of six on the previous vote.
Air. BURNETT. That was to adjourn over
till Monday.
Air. STANTON. I do not know what may
I)e the feeling on this side of the House, but I am
perfectly satisfied that wu will do no good by re-
maining here. I think we ought to reciprocate
