I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
>6th Coire....lsT Sbss.
The Slavery Qtiesiion—3fr. Dawes.
Ho. of Reps;
penment of universal liberfy failed? Are not the evils of
free society intolerable? and do not mopt thinking men
among you propose to subveit arid reconstruct it?' Still no
ans-wei. Tln-> gloomy silence is another conclusive proof
added to the manyothei conclusive evidences wc had iut-
msheJ, tliat froe society, m the long run, isarumpraetieable
form of society. It is everywhere starving, demobilized,
infidel, insurrectionary, moribund." * * ■* *
"IVjlicy, humanity, and Christianity, alike forbid the ex -
tension of the evils of free society to new people and com-
ing generations.
" If, [continuesour philosopher, on the other hand,] sla-
veiy he unnatural, immoral, irreligious, it cannot stand.
Nature is truth, and is sure at last to prevail. Nature the
active expression of God's will, and men are not long per-
mitted to violate that will. If slavery be not the right, the
healthful loim of society, it will not endure long. But it has
endured already for countless age?, and now covets nine
tenths of the woild. Public opinion has become well nigh
omnipotent. Two opposing and conflicting forms of society
cannot, among civilized men, coexist and endure. The one
witMigtve way,and cease to exist; the other become univer-
sal. If free t-ociety be unnatural, unmoral, unchiitUau, it
mxist fall, and give way to a social system old as the wot Id,
universal as man. The war between the two systems in
raging m Europe and America, and will continue to iage. It
a war of extermination. It is the wai of God and nature
against her violators. The issue will boon show who arc
those violatois, and who are fighting the battle of the tiuc
faith," * * * * '•'the greatest, nunt mo-
mentous battle in which mankind over yet engaged."—
Richmond Enquirer, January 2:2, 18u6.
In contrast with this bellicose piety of the Vir-
ginia n, I place the calm and philosophic specula-
tions of the New York Senator, who thus with
truthfulness, though with less of warlike " rage,"
describes the same contest:
" Hitherto, the two systems have existed in different
States, but side by side within the American Union. This
has happened because the Union is a confedeiatioii ©f
States, ttut in another aspect, the United States constitute
only one nation. Increase ol population, winch is filling
the States out to their very bordeis, together with a new and
extended network of railroads and other avenues, and an
Internal commerce which daily becomes more intimate, is
rapidly bringing the .States into a higher and nunc peifcct
social unity or consolidation. Thus these antagonistic sys-
tems aie continually coming into closer contact, and col-
lision Jesuits.
"Shall 1 tell you what this collision mean*!? They who
think that it i* accidental, unnecessary, tiie work of inter-
ested or fanatical agitatois, and therefore ephemeral, mis-
take the ease altogether. It is an iricpiossible conflict be-
tween opposing and enduring l'oices, and it means that the
United States must and will, sooner orlater, become either
entirely a sluveholding nation, or entnely a free-labor na-
tion. Either the cotton ami rice fields ol South Carolina,
and the sugar plantations of Louisiana, will ultimately be
tilled by free labor, and Charleston and New Orleans be-
come marts for legitimate meichandise alone, oi else the
rye fields and wheat fields of Massachusetts and New Yoik
must again be surrendered by their farmeis to slave culture,
aud to the production of slaves, and IJoston and New York
become once moie markets for trade in the bodies and souls
of men. It is the failuie to apprehend this great tiuth that
induces so many unsuccessful attempts at final eompionu c
between the * lave and tree States ; arid it ih the existence of
this great iaet lliat rendeis all such pretended cmipionuses,
when made,vain and ephemeral."—RockcUcr Spccck, 1858.
Such, as it appears to these two statesmen, is
the nature of this conflict. They differ as to the
result, but they agree as to the character of the
struggle. In all the essential characteristics of
this great antagonism, they stand side by side,
and only m their prophecy as to what shall be
the final issue do they part company. The rash
and impetuous Virginian, born beneath the blessed
auspices of the institution of slavery, his tender
ear charmed with the music of the clanking sym-
bols of its beauty, and his mature ambition nursed
and fed with the milk of its fondling, believes
that slave labor will ultimately triumph over free
labor; that capital must and will own labor, and
that the irresistible progress of events, and the
tendency of the whole nation, is to slavehold-
ing. The equipoised and philosophic statesman
of New York—alike confident, and more hope-
ful; it may be, because icared amid the bracing
influences of free institutions, and taught from
early infancy that their blessings should descend,
like the dew of heaven, on all alike.; and that in
the rights, privileges, and immunities ol the citi-
zen, those institutions should be no more a re-
specter of persons than is the God Ins people
worship—rejoices in the belief that, in this con-
test, free labor will ultimately triumph over slave
Irtboi; that capital and labor, mutually dependent,
shall serve and bless and adorn each other; and
that the march of events is onward and upward
to that higher plane of universal freedom. Such
is the future for tins nation which opens on the
one side and the other to the prophetic ken of
these two statesmen. With the eye of his faith,
the one beholds all these States, in the future,
New Series—No. 15.
slaveholdmg; the other, all free. It is the por-
tentous calamity of these times, that to embrace
the dark and dismal faith of the Virginian, is, in
perversion of all sense and truth, hailed as De-
mocracy; while to imbibe the hopeful and glo-
rious inspiration of the Senator, is, m equal per-
version of terms and ®f truth, denounced as treason.
It is no part of*my present purpose to discuss the
probabilities of this issue. The sure logic of
events is moving on to its solution with a cer-
tainty and rapidity to which every hour is giving
new strength.
I turn to the contemplation of some of the char-
acteristics of this mighty struggle. The great
mistake of this conflict of opposing ideas, embit-
tering and misleading all involved m it, is the un-
blushing assertion, maintained with an effrontery
equaled only by its falsity, that the all-pervading
sentiment of the North, that human bondage is a
sin and a crime, is a new dogma. And like unto
it is the kindred falsehood, which arrogates the
right to clothe in the garb of conservatism and
peace this last great encroaching pretense of sla-
very, that it is a boon and a blessing to society.
It is neither conservatism nor peace, but invasion
and subversion. The conviction that property in
man is a sm and a crime, encountered in its march
northward by the slave power, in a resistance so
persistent as to be pronounced by the gentleman
from Alabama to be the cause and root of ail our
trouble, is no new doctrine, born of northern fa-
naticism or delusion. It is older than the Repub-
lic, and was the deep-seated conviction of the
signers of the Declaration and the framers of the
Constitution, when the nation began its existence.
It was here then, and it was everywhere in the
country. The statesman, the divine, the forum,
the pulpit, the press, the school, the fireside, all
gave it voice. He who denies it, puts behind him
the. recorded opinions of the times, and shuts his
eyes to the evidences emblazoned on every page
of the early history of the country and the Gov-
ernment.
I do not propose to consume any portion of my
hour in reproducing the evidence, so positive, so
entirely concurrent^ and so ample, which abounds
on every hand in the pathway this nation has
trod, from infancy to the fullness of stature, that
slavery is a political, social, and moral evil—a
curse, and not a blessing. Spread upon the de-
bates of the present session, from the lips of the
fathers and of the early statesmen of every sec-
tion of the country, stand, uncontradicted and
undenied, their recorded conviction that property
in man is a sin and a crime. I shall content my-
self with reproducing, from this mass of testi-
mony now upon the record, the confession made
in our heaiing, by two of the most zealous ex-
pounders of that opposite and antagonistic doc-
trine, that slavery is a moral, social, and political
good—from their lips I produce the confession,
both of the early conviction and the change which
these times have wrought, even upon slaveholders
themselves. One of the Senators from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] in a recent debate, thus admits the
change of opinion in the whole South, and states
the conclusion to which a new faith has brought
them:
What I meant to say the other day,and what I think I
did say, wa« this: that beoau-o of the agitation by one por-
tion ol this Union on the question ot the abolition of slavery,
the mind of the South had bean hi ought more deeply and
considciately to ponder upon it, Uk* mind of the South had
been brought by that agitation to look luither into the con-
dition of slaveiy, and into the consequences that resulted
liom it; and 1 was satisfied that the mind ot the South had
undcigonc a change to thw cicat extent, that it was now
almo l the umveisal belief m the South, not only that the
condition of African bondage in their nmUt wa.- the be^t
condition to which the African lac had ever been sub-
jected. but that it had the <>tTect of ennobling both taees—
the white and the black.''
A colleague of that Senator in this House, [Mr.
Pryor,] to whose opinions upon this subject I
have before had occasion to allude, has gone fur-
ther,and has not only confessed the change which
slaveholders have experienced, but has been en-
abled to fix the precise time and cause of the
change. According to him, sir, this Pentecostal
conversion of slaveholders to the pious glory of
their own system was caused by a discovery made
by an exploring expedition among the catacombs
of Virginia, within the present generation. In a
recept eulogy upon his deceased predecessor, out
of which even southern conservatism could not
keep the agitation of this subject, he invoked the
admiration of mankind upon the boldness and
sagacity of that predecessor m stifling the anti-
slavery impulses of the Virginia convention of
1832, and then proceeds in this wise:
Afterward, by common consent, the extravagances of
a popular panic vveio covered with a vail of oblivion. But
the effect of that interesting episode in the history of Vir-
ginia was not so evanescent and inconsequential. For
the fiist time, citizens of a j>IavelioIding community were
driven, by the apparent insecurity of the system, to explore
its foundations ; and with a result for which very few per-
sons were prepared. In contravention of traditional ideas,
it was discoveied and demonstrated that negio slavery,
instead of being an accidental evil, which men tolerate
merely for want of a practicable remedy, is an institution
which exists in vutuc of the most essential human interests,
and the highest sanctions of the moral law. From that day,
the slaveholder stood on isiuer and more solid ground. From
that day, his conscience being clear, and his judgment con-
vinced, lie renounced the expedients of apology and cxten
uation, and planted himself on the impregnable basis of
reason and right."
It is the attempt to force this conversion upon
the whole nation which has kindled, and is still
fanning, the flames of civil discord. It is an old
method of propagating a new faith, one which has
broken down and failed everywhere else, and must
meet with like discomfiture here. It is the re-
sistance encountered in the woikof driving out
of the judgment and conscience of the entire na-
tion the old deep-seated conviction that property
in man is a sin and a crime, and enthroning the
new dogma that slavery is a blessing, which is
the cause, the radix, of all agitation and com-
motion in the land. Fire and the fagot even
have proved impotent, though backed by stand-
ing armies, when invoked as instrumentalities
for the propagation of the holy religion itself;
and the flames they have kindled have only licked
up and consumed those who fanned them.
Man never was, and never will be,/o?'ccd to be-
lieve anything. That slavery is a sm and a crimc,
the propagandist admits is a conviction of the
judgment and heart of the North, and, till lately,
of the whole nation; yet he fails altogether to treat
it as such. If this faith in which the northern
heart and soul lias grown up—theYaith of their
fathers and of yours—is ever to give place to one,
not only new, but scarce yet secure iirits domin-
ion over the southern mind even, by what means
is this change to be accomplished? By what in-
strumentalities is the reason of a whole people to
be subjugated, its conscience conquered, and its
faith extinguished? He who rises up to teach a
new system of morals, a new standaid of ethics,
would do well, before he lays a ruthless hand
upon the pillars of ancient belief, or thrusts it
underneath the foundation-stones of unshaken
convictions, to first count the cost, and, from a
careful survey of the whole field of polemics, to
select, and, from the whole store-house of human
experience and wisdom, to direct and command
an agency potent enough for his Herculean un-
dertaking. A conviction can never be driven out
of a man until his whole nature shall be changed,
and he ceases to be a man. Chains and the dun-
geon—yea, stripes, and tortures, and the stake,
even—have only served to build up, to strength-
en, and to glorify that they have been marshaled
to exterminate. The blood of the martyrs is no
more the seed of one church than of another. A
man's limbs, his muscles, his body, and, if need
be, his life, may yield to force; but his judgment,
his conscience, his convictions, never!
The history of the world contains no instance
of a people who have yielded up the convictions
of an enlightened judgment and an honest con-
science to the terror ot threats and physical force.
Yet these, and more vain than these, are the in-
strumentalities chosen, by the apostles of the new
and sweeping doctune thaf slavery is, in and of
itself, a boon and a blessing, to subvert in us the
faith taught us by their fathers and ours—a faith
in which, till our day, the united voice of the
whole nation concurred, and which found its most
earnest supporters and itssincerest disciples among
those to whom experience was a daily preacher.
For, be it remembered, throughout all this con-
troversy, that the doctrine that slavery is a social,
moral, and political good—a doctrine which now
threatens the overthrow of the Government, if
need be, to establish itself as the dominant, living,
practical creed of the nation—has, in its march to
