2612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
MeKnight, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Nelson, Perry,
Pettit, Porter, Potter, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce
Siekles, Spinner, Stevens, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Train,Tnml>le,;Vandever, Walton, Wells, WJuteley, Win-
dom, and Woodruff—-65.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashmore, Avery, Bocock, Bote-
ler, Boyce, Brabson, Bristow, Bnflinton, Burnett, Carey,
Clopton, Cobb, Burton Craige, (Crawford, John G. Davis,
Edjnundson, Gartrellj Gilmer, Hamilton, John T. Harris,
Hoard, Holuian, Houston, William A. Howard, Jones,
Landrum, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Maelay, Mal-
lory, Maynard, McQueen, Millson, Montgomery, Niblaek,
Pendleton, Phelps, Pryor, Ciuarles, Reagan, Riggs, lluffin,
Rust, Sherman, Simms, Singleton^William N. H. Smith,
Stanton, Stokes,'Theaker, Thomas, Underwood, Vallan-
digham, Vance, Elliha B. Washbume, and Wmslow—58.
So the bill was passed.
Daring the call,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Harris, of Maryland; other-
wise, he would have voted "no."
Mr. POTTLE stated he was paired off with
Mr. English for the day.
Mr. STRATTON stated that Mr. Schwartz
had been obliged to leave the Hall in consequence
of severe indisposition; and thathe had paired off.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also jnoved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN SAYRE.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of,
the hill of the House No. 99, for the relief of Ben-
jamin Say re.
The hill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Benjamin Sayre, of Wabash county,
Indiana, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of§2,043 in full
of his claim for work and labor, under his con-
tract with the United States, bearing date Decem-
ber 8, 1832, in section sixty-seven of the Cumber-
land road in Indiana, in the division east of In-
dianapolis.
From the report it appears that the petitioner's
claim is founded on his agreement made with the
Government,December 18,1832, for the erection
of the bridge abutments of cut stone over the east
branch of Whitewater river, at Richmond, Indi-
ana. The contract was let by public advertise-
ment, and by sealed proposals. It was specified
in the letting, by a written notice subjoined to
the advertisement, that the fillmg-in behind the
abutments and raising the road embankments
from the river bluffs should be carried on and
kept up by the Government as fast as the abut-
ments were erected.
When the contract came to be filled out, in one
of the visual printed contracts, this condition was
omitted, and Sayre declined signing it for that
reason. Milroy, the superintendent of the work,
wished to put the contract immediately into the
mail, in order to be sent to Washington, and told
him if lie would sign it in that form that this part
of the contract should be observed. Sayre then
signed it.
Subsequently,first, the contractors to fill failed
in their contract; and then it was thought best
not to fill in behind the abutments for fear that the
masonry would be injured while it was fresh. In
consequence, Sayre was compelled to haul the
stone to the river at two points, each about fifteen
rods from the abutments, load them into flatboats
he constructed for the purpose, float them to the
abutments, and then, by means of cranes which
he had built, raise them on the work. This
crowded workmen, tools, mortar-box, and mate-
rials, on the walls sous to hinder the work, besides
requiring extra hands at loading and at the cranes.
One thousand four hundred and seventy-eight
perches of stone were laid above the natural sur-
face of the ground. Sayre's claim is, in in part,
for the increased expense of putting up the ma-
sonry on account of this condition of the contract
notbeingobserved. The proof shows that thisin-
creased expense was from one dollar to one dollar
and seventy-seven cents per perch. During the
progress of the work the engineer directed its sus-
pension, with a view of adding eight feet to the
height of the walls, which would have the effect
of saving so much in cutting down the hills on
both sides of the river, The suspension continued
six weeks before the Government adopted the
modification, during- which time Sayre and his
hands and teams were idle. The proof shows
that the expense incurred,"without counting the
wages of the hands, was $264.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object.
Mr. PETTIT. I move a suspension of the
rules. This case comes from the Committee of
Claims. It was reported unanimously by that
committee in the Thirty-Fourth and Thirty-Fifth
Congresses, and now again in the Thirty-Sixth
Congress.
Mr. THOMAS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wi-iiteley
and Buffinton were appointed.
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a point of order. I
was upon the floor, moving a suspension of the
rules, to enable me to reach this bill in the proper
form; and being at that time upon the floor, I in-
sist that it was not in order for the gentleman to
make that motion then.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must yield
the floor after making that motion; and therefore
the motion to adjourn is in order. The Chair
would state to the gentleman from Indiana that
should the House adjourn now, his motion will
be in order the first tiling on Monday next.
The House then divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 33, noes 78; no quorum voting.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. PEYTON. Now I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at ten minutes past
four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 5, 1860.
Prayer by Rev. William Hamilton, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 520) directing the conveyance of
a lot of ground for the use of the public schools
in the city of Washington, which had heretofore
received the signature of the Speaker of the House
of Representatives.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House of
Representatives yesterday were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below:
A bill (No. 100) for the relief of Phineas G.
Pearson—to the Committee on Pensions.
'A bill (No. 127) for the relief 0. F. D. Fair-
banks, Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company—to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
A bill (No. 337) for the relief of Elizabeth Smith,
of Coffee county, Tennessee—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militia.
A bill (No. 372) for the relief of John C. Mc-
Ferran, of the United States Army—to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
A bill (No. 555) for the relief of the heirs of
John Hopper, deceased—to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
A bill (No. 556) for the relief of FrancisLavon-
ture and Pierre Grignon—to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
A bill (No. 558) for the relief of Thomas W.
Phelps—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 57G) for the relief of Coale & Barr
—to the Committee oil Claims.
SANTIAGO DF, AROOELLO.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate take
from the table the Senate bill No. 117, and concur
in the amendment made to it by the House of Rep-
resentatives. The bill has passed both branches,
and it will not take a moment to concur in the
amendment. If any Senator objects to it, I will
withdraw the motion. The amendment is sim-
ply  
Mr. SUMNER. I must object, until petitions
are received.
Mr. LATHAM. This will not take a minute.
Mr. SUMNER. I have three petitions which
I desire to present. I have been waiting for sev-
eral days to present them,
The PRESIDING OFFICES. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LATHAM. I make the motion. I merely
ask the Senate to concur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 117) for the
relief of Guadalupe Estudiilo de Arguello, widow
of Santiago E. Arguello. The House of Repre-
sentatives passed it with an amendment, to insert
at the end of the bill the following proviso:
Prodded, That all moneys herein appropriated shall be
paid to the said Guadalupe Estudiilo de Arguello in person,
or to her heirs.
Mr. LATHAM. I now move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of Lewis
Tappan and several citizens of New York, pro-
testing against the imprisonment of Thaddeus
Hyatt, by order of this Senate, setting forth that
he is not imprisoned for any moral crime, but
simply for conduct compelled by differing in opin-
ion with a majoiity of the Senate in regard to
their constitutional powers; that the memorialists
respectfully represent that they think him entitled
at least to the consideration commonly extended
by the Governments of Europe to political pris-
oners; and they conclude by the prayer that, if
the Senate intend to continue the imprisonment
of Mr. Hyatt in the hot months of the summer,
that they will order his immediate removal from
the common jail of Washington to a comfortable
and well-ventilated residence; and that he be al-
lowed all such opportunities of open air and exer-
cise as his health may require, with such security,
by parole or otherwise, for his safe detention, as
to your wisdom may seem expedient.
There is a resolution offered, I believe, by the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon,] now on
the table, entirely in harmony with this petition.
I might, therefore, simply ask that this petition
lie on the table; but as the matter, 1 believe, is
strictly within the cognizance of the investigating
committee, of which the Senator from Virginia
[Mr.Mason] is chairman, I thinkitbettertoa.sk
its leference directly to that committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
nick in the chair.) It will be so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I have also another memorial
with a similar prayer, but refening more partic-
ularly to the investigation now proceeding before
the committee of which the Senator from Virginia
is chairman, signed by certain persons, citizens
of Worcester, Massachusetts, of African descent.
I ask the reference of it to the committee on the
Harper's Ferry investigation.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I have also another memorial
of a different character, from the American Anti-
quarian Society,setting forth that the record office
of the English Government, under the direction of
Sir Francis Palgrave and Sir John Romilly, has
prepared a complete index or calendar of all the
papers relating to American history in the British
Archives, from the year 1574 to the year 1688,
and that this index is now to be printed; and the
Antiquarian Society propose that the Senate take
measures that an extra edition of five hundred
copies of this work, more valuable in. America
than it is in Europe, may be printed for distribu-
tion in the United States. I offer this memorial,
with the accompanying papers, and ask its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Library.
It was so referred.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition of sundry
merchants and importers of the city of Philadel-
phia, objecting to the limit of thirty days in the
twenty-ninth section of the new tariff bill, for
making the withdrawal entry of goods for domes-
tic consumption, asking an amendment of this
section consistent with the favorable encourage-
ment of commerce, and the protection of wines
and liquors; -which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a communication from F.
G. Hansford, jr., and others, in favor of the es-
tablishment of a mail route from the south side of
the Kanawha river from Brownstown to the Falls
of Kanawha, in the State of Virginia; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads,
