226
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Dawes.
Ho. of Reps.
its present arrogant and defiant position met with
no opposition so serious as the recorded testimony
of southern statesmen themselves; inen who,
while beneath the shadow of the institution, of
slavery itself, still spoke of the things they saw
and knew in a language which cannot be misun-
derstood. They all, with one accord, and with a
concurrent and solemn testimony swelling into a
volume, pronounced the institution of slavery an
unmitigated wrong, a blighting curse to the land
it rests upon, a sin and a. crime in the people who
gather its guilty fruits.
And what are the instrumentalities invoked to
dislodge the deep-seated, conscientious conviction
of the lifetime of a whole people, and install in its
place the dogma which this day seeks to coyer
with the mantle of religion the foul deformity
■which stalks in hideous nakedness through all the
land where slavery dwells? Threats are the po-
tent enginery of these times and of this work, and
the conversion of the nation is to be achieved by
the irresistible agency of terror. The whole com-
plex machinery now in active operation at a thou-
sand stand-points, covering its movements by
every device and pretense which human ingenu-
ity and hypocrisy can invent, and concealing its
true character as its moves on with stealthy tread
to its purposes, has but one ruling principle and
controlling motive-power—and that is, the power
to work upon the fears of the people, at whatever
avenue of approach it may select. By force, and
not by argument, is this conviction to be driven
out, and its place usurped. The slow process of
reason is to be discarded, and the surer one ofslib-
jugation adopted in us stead. The spirit of prop-
agation, now bold and defiant as an army with
banners, and now as subtle and soft in its trend
as the velvet foot-fall of the cat, still molds its
protean shape to every similitude the exigencies
of such a service may require. _ Whether it be the
gorgon head of disunion, which rises upon this
floor and threatens treason till timid conservatism
quakes and quails, or whether it be lean and lank
non-intercourse, under whose auspices the whole
manufacturing energy of a great State has culmi-
nated in iwo^uits of giuy homespun, flaunted in
these Ilalls into the very faceoffaint-hearti'd trade,
or whether it be the political seer, holding up his
horoscope to the gaze of the wondering, till sim-
plicity turns pale and shudders when it is bidden ,
to read, magnified and horrified m his magic lan-
tern, the painted words, "Tins is the beginning
of the end"—whatever shape it assumes, what-
ever avenue it approaches, whatevertimeorocca-
sion it seizes upon, or form it puts on, it is one and
the same thing—an attempt to convert a whole peo-
ple to a new and detested and infamous dogma, by
appeals to its fears.
Foremost and loudest among these threats are
those denominated political threats, made in the
Halls of Congress, and faintly echoed back from
feebler lungs at a distance. During the two
months* contest for Speaker, the Representatives
of the Democratic party openly proclaimed upon
this floor their purpose to commit treason, and
rend asunder the Government they have sworn
to support, unless we abandoned the faith of our
fathers and bowed down bcfoie this new divinity
their own hands had created. Blistering the official
records of this House, stands the open threat of
the masters of the Democratic party,that,if called
by the people to render an account of their stew-
ardship, if summoned by the ballot to surrender
the reins of Government to a Republican Presi-
dent, sooner than obey that summons, they would
raze this Government ''from turret to foundation
stone." And then, with the coolness ol brass,
they call upon us to come to their rescue, and
save them from committing treason, by abstaining
ourselves from the exercise of our constitutional
rights in choosing a Speaker of this House or a
President of the United States.
He who exorcises the elective franchise at the
bidding of another, is himself a slave; and he who
dictates when and how that franchise shall be
exercised, is the master. Yet the masters oi ne-
gro slaves, and of the Democratic party, have the
brazen effrontery to propose to northern freemen
this degrading slavery, as the only condition upon
which they will omit the commission of treason
themselves, and suffer the Union to continue.
The man who will bend to this impudent threat,
and thus put his vote, his judgment, and the con-
scientious convictions of his life, in the keeping
of another, has already a collar about his neck,
and needs no change of condition, but only of
color, to adorn a plantation. He never performed
an act under a menace who did not compromit
his honor. And lie, among northern men, who
turns either to the right or to thc-left because of
this threat, and does not the rather move right on
upon the line of his duty, with a firmer step and
a higher brow, so long as it is held in tcrrorem
over his head, is a craven of too little spirit to be
a freeman, and of too poor material to be a slave.
These are arguments to which it as little becomes
a freeman to listen, as it does a patriot to offer
them. They will bring home to their authors no
other fruit than discomfiture and dismay. They
will l\ave no other effect upon those to whom they
are addressed, than to make more universal and
settled the conviction that slavery, out of whose
! womb they issue, is indeed the mother of sin and
crime.
Cooperating with-thc treasonable threat to de-
stroy, if not permitted to control, the Government,
and employed for the same ultimate purpose, is
that aimed at trade—the commercial, the merce-
nary threat. There is to bo no more trade by
the new converts with the old sinners,till the old
altars are pulled down, and the black god of sla-
very is installed in every northern sanctuary, to
receive thehomage of freemen.
Those who cannot be driven with the threat of
disunion arc to be approached with a puce. The
Scribes and the Pharisees of this day count out
their thirty pieces of silver, and the Judases are
not wanting. Public advertisement is made upon
what terms exemption can be purchased from
the consequences which hang upon this threat.
Southern agents traverse northern cities, and con-
fessionals are constituted at the principal marts
of business, to which, with an eye to the main
chance, the trembling penitents flock, and absolu-
tion from the heresy of their lives is vouchsafed
for a consideration. Straightway the names of
the penitents arc inscribed on the white roll, and
their wares commended to the patronage of the
faithful; while all who slight these offered terms
of reconciliation, and, refusuig to pay the price,
turn their indifferent footsteps away from the
portals of this confessional, awake only to read
their names in the black list, and to find tl eir goods
doomed to encounter the chilling neglect of the
devotees of this new faith.
But competition in this, as in all other business
transactions, is likely to overdo this new method
of converting a whole people from the errors of
its life by the argument of the ledger and percent-
age. Already southern speculators in conscien-
tious scruples, with advertising circulars and in-
dulgence-brokers scattered all over the North, have
offered so easy terms, and made the way to mer-
cantile salvation so broad, that not only is the
market overstocked, but the quality of the article
is greatly cheapened. And now, a new convert
north of Mason and Dixon's line falls forthwith
below par, and passes at once into the uncurront
circulation of the country. Have men engaged in
this forcible-feeble crusade upon the business of
the North for opinion's sake ever stopped to con-
sider how beneficial would have been the results
achieved by this process, had it proved ever so
successful? Have they failed to see that in this
traffic they are purchasing only those who are for
sale ? When a man has sold himself once, the pro-
cess becomes easier, and the price less, as the temp-
• tations multiply, until he becomes a drug in the
market, and can find no purchaser. A man's
honor, like a woman's virtue, once stained, sinks
beyond recovery. And he who will sell his prmci-
I pies with his dry goods, and box up both together
j for a southern maiket, has lost only the opportu-
i nity to have underbid Judas himself, and to have
| robbed him at once of his silver and his infamy,
j The community or party which, for the sake
| of mere numbers, takes such venality to its cin-
i brace, is far behind, in political wisdom, that pol-
! icy which, to people new States, opens prison
! doors, and pollutes the current of life with the
] pestiferous rottenness of the old. Let not the
j South deceive itself, but let it look at the means
j through which it seeks northern support against
! northern conviction, and then judge of its value.
They who trust the professional Union-savers
of the North, while turning panic to profit and
principles into merchandise before their eyes, are
blindly and stupidly leaning on a broken reed,
which will most assuredly pierce the side. This
kind of traffic, like every other, will seek the best
market; and those principles which are ^old to-
day with the box of goods shipped for the south-
ern trade, will as soon go to any other section,
and pander to any other prejudice or caprice,
whenever the demand or the percentage will jus-
tify the shipment in that direction. Ships thus
freighted always sail before the wind. Even now,
the emissaries sent North to propagate this new
faith, with the Dred Scott decision for a Bible in
one hand, and an ink-horn and book in the other,
going from door to door, and from city to city, and
holding up before tinnd, slinking selfishness the
alternative of submission to the one or a black
record in the other, arc being mocked by the sly
and slippery converts, whose absolution fee they
pocket with so much " national conservative"
unction. And before the shadow of these political
colporteurs has disappeared from the counting-
room, the cost of this mercantile salvation is added,
like freight and cartage, to the next bill, or, it may
be, to the next dozen bills of goods sent, labeled
" sound," back to that mart which buys only of
those who sell their principles and wares together.
Thus it is that this tax upon proofs of political
piety, which seems so grievous to be borne, comes
back, multiplied manifold, from out the very cof-
fers of the arrogant and domineering slave power,
into thcpocketof the northern devotee, kneeling
southward, behind his own counter.
But there is a law which governs trade, stronger
than politics or parties, and indifferent alike to
threats and entreaties; and that is the law of prof-
its. Men will buy where they buy cheapest, and
sell where they can sell best. No human enact-
ment has ever yet annulled this controlling rule of
trade; no human device has ever yet proved itself
sufficient to cope with or circumvent it, and no
danger has seemed appalling enough to altogether
check it. This law has pushed the search for
wealth into every quarter of the globe, and into
the face of every peril. It has plowed the Arctic
jcoupto the polar sea, and has confronted the
cannibal beneath the southern cross. Pestilence,
has failed to stay its venturous footsteps, and war
itself is but a summons to a richer harvest, to be
gathered from beneath the smoke and dust of
tramping armies. How foolish and futile, then,
for a little country newspaper in Atlanta, Geor-
gia, or a Lilliputian copartnership in Richmond,
Virginia, to level popguns and hurl paper anathe-
mas, arrayed in black or white, as the pay may
be, against the universal trading world, moving
on in one beaten pathway, guided by one all-con-
trolling, unflinching, unrelaxmg law, which heeds
no more than the idle wind the tempest of the
hour. And thus it proved, that duringall this
time that tin; nation has been holding its breath,
and the politicians wasting theirs, the account
current lias shown more southern trade at New
York, at Boston, at Lynn, and at every other
rtorthern mart, than during any other correspond-
ing period for the last quarter of a century.
hut as these devices, wherewith to displace the
long-settled conviction of the northern conscience,
that slavery is a sin and a crime, and install in its
place the revolting and damning dogma that jus-
tifies and sanctifies and blesses it—as these de-
vices one after another fail, and pass to the wreck
of human contrivances, in contravention of the
immutable and immovable laws of justice and
right, others are resorted to with a bolder hand
and a fiercer spirit. Liberty of thought and of
speech is assaulted by thecohortsofslaveryprop-
agandism, with a fury equal only to that which,
in a better cause, and for its very deliverance, in
revolutionary France, struck off together the fet-
ters of the press and the head of the monarch who
forged them. If men will not, for the sake of
saving slaveholders ftom committing treason, nor
even that they themselves may fatten on southern
trade, give up the faith of their fathers, and the
inbred solemn convictions of their own souls that
the fruit of human bondage is only evil, and that
continually, then, by all the powers of the whole
slave kingdom and its northern allies, they shall
not give utterance to the thoughts within them.
