1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
feelings, and wishes of all might become known,
to be respected by all, so that union might crcatc
strength, and concord keep pace with prosperity.
Lord, the ordinary life-time of a man has barely
elapsed since this Constitution came into force,
and under its auspices our country, from being
feeble and poor has become wealthy and power-
ful, ready to take rank with the mightiest, and
Thou, O Lord, wilt realize unto it Thy gracious
promise unto Thy chosen people: Vehosircha ado-
nai letobeh — the Lord will distinguish thee for
that which is good.
Supreme Ruler of the universe, many days and
many weeks have gone by since thy servants,
our Representatives, first met in this Congress,
but not yet have they been able to organize their
House. Thou who makost peace in Thy high
Heavens, direct their minds this day thiw with
one consent they may agree to choose the man
who, without fear and without favor, is to pre-
side over this assembly. To this intent, Father
most gracious, do Thou endow them with Thy
spirit; the spirit of wisdom and of understanding;
the spirit of counsel and of amity: the spirit of
knowledge and of fear of the Lord. Grant, Father,
that amidst the dm of conflicting interests and
opinions, Thy grace may direct them so that each
one of them and all of them may hold the even
tenor of their way—the way of moderation and
of equity; that they may speak and act and legis-
late for Thy glory and the happiness of our coun-
try; so that, from the North and from the South,
from the East and from the West, one feeling of
satisfaction may attend their labors; while the
whole people of the land joyfully repeat the words
of Thy Psalmist; " IIow good and how pleasant
it is when brethren dwell together in unity."
Lord God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob,
I, Thy servant, beseech Thee bless these Repre-
sentatives, even as Thou hast directed Thy priests
to bless Thy people.
Yebarekcka adonai Veyishmireka.
Ya-air adonai panaraleka ivy-chan encka.
Yissa adonai penar aleka veyasem Leka Shalom.
May the Lord bless ye and preserve ye.
May the Lord cause his countenance to shine
upon ye and be gracious unto ye.
May the Lord raise his countenance unto ye
and grant ye peace.
May this blessing of th^ one who liveth and
who reigneth forever rest upon your counsels
and yourselves this day, and evermore. Amen.
TIIE SPEAKERSHIP.
The CLERK stated the business in order to be
Mr. Sherman's motion, submitted last evening,
to proceed to a ballot for Speaker, on which the
previous question had been called and seconded.
Mr. PHELPS moved that there be a call of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names: Messrs. Brown,
Horace F. Clark, Clark B. Cochrane, and
Stallworth.
During the call,
Mr. BOCOCK. said: Are the names of absentees
being called now for the third time for cxcuses?
The CLERK. They arc.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then, I move that Mr. Hor-
ace F. Clark be excused, on the ground that he
is a gentleman of rather slow motions, and is not
in the habit of attending the House so early as
this. On the motion to excuse Mr. Clark, 1 call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADRAIN asked what the question was.
Mr. BOCOCK. There are a number of gentle-
men absent on the roll-call that is about to be com-
pleted. I have called for the yeas and nays m
order to give our friends time to get in. As soon
as I find they are all m, I will ask the House to
dispense with a further vote on the question to
excuse Mr. Clark.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams Gieen Adams Ad-
ram, Aldrieli, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bab-
bitt, Unfile, Bingham. JUair, P.lnkc, Hoyee, lhavton, Bris-
to\v, Buffinton/liurlinsame, Burnham, lUinoujjhs nutter-
field. Campbell, Carey, Carter, Ua-e, Colia*,' Gonklum,
Corwin, Covode, Curti*. 13 Winter Davi-., John G Davis
Dawos, Delano. 'ihieil. Pnnn, Edgrrton, Edwuuls Eliot,
Ely, Etheridgc, Farnsworth. FerryT Foster, Frank, French,
Gooeh, Graham, Grow. Gur]ey,*}Iule, Flail, J. MoriNon
Ilanii, !Ia?kin, Helnnck, Hickman, Hoard, Hughoa,Hum-
phrey, Ilutchins, Irvine, Junk In, Francis VV. Kellogg, Wil-
liam KeUogg, Kilgore, Killniffer, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejov, Mars-ton, Elbert S. Martin,
McKean, McKnight, McQueen, Miles, Moojhead, Morse,
Nelson, Nixon, Olm, Palmer, Perry, Porter, Potter,Pottle,
Pryor, Rice, Chnstophei Kobmbon, Iloyee, Sclnvaito,
Scrantoiu Sedgwick, Shennan, Spaulding, Spinner. Stan-
ton, Stevens, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker,
Tompkins, Train, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade,
Waldion.CadwaladerC. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, Wmslow,
Wood, and Woodruff—119.
NA^S—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, A^hmore,
Avery, Barksdalc, Barr, Barrett, Bocock, Honham, Boteler,
Bouligny, Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Bureh, Burnett, John
B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox,
James Craig, Buiton Crajge, Crawford, Curry, Davidson,
Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Dimmick, Edmundson, Eng-
lish, X^enton, Florence, Fouko, G:irn«tt. Gartrell, Gllinei,
Hamilton, Haideman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins,
Hill, Ilindman, Ilolman. Houston, Howard, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Jones, Kent, Kenytm, Kunkel, Lamar, Landrum,
Lanabeo, Jame-? M Leaeh, Lfake, Logan, Love, Maclaj',
Malloiy, Chailes D. Martin, Maynard, McClernand, Mc-
Plierson, McRae, Mlllson, Millvvard, Montgomery, Laban
rJ'. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Niblack, IVoeif, Pendleton, Peuit, Peyton, Phelps, Pugh,
(luarles, Reagan, Iliggs, James C. Robinson, Rutfin, Uu t,
Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William
N. H. Smith, Stevenson, James A Stewart, William Stew-
art, Stout, Thomas, Underwood, Vailandighain, Vance,
Walton, Webster, WhiteJev, Woodson, and Wright—107.
So the House agreed to excuse Mr. Clark.
Mr. FLORENCE, when his name was called,
said: Desiring to hold every man to his constitu-
tional obligations, I cannot vote to excuse Mr.
Clark. I vote " no."
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, when his name
was called, said: Supposing that Mr. Clark is
detained by sickness, I vote "ay."
On the result being announced, as above,
Mr. WINSLOW n\oved to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to excuse Mr. Clark.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to sug-
gest that there is no such motion known to par-
liamentary law. It is only under the rules of the
House that a motion to reconsider can be made.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with; aud on that
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. We understood, on this
side of the House, that there was an agreement
last night that wo should proceed to ballot this
morning.
Mr. FLORENCE. We merely want to get
our people in.
A Member. They arc all here now.
Mr. BOCOCK. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken: and all further pro-
ceedings in the call were dispensed with.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question on Mr. Sherman's motion to proceed to
bailor for Speaker.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire simply to
ask a question. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Morris,] it will be in the memory
of the House, in excusing himself for changing
his vote from Mr. Smith, of North Carolina 
Air. GROW. I rise to a point of order. My
point of order is that last night, before the ad-
journment, the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burxktt,] undertaking to speak for 1uh side of
the House, said that if the House would then ad-
journ, we should have a vote this morning with-
out debate, with the understanding that there
should he first a call of the House. Upon that
understanding the House adjourned.
Mr. SPINNER. I withdrew the call for the
yeas and nays upon the motion to adjourn, on the
agreement of gentlemen on that side of the House,
that there should he this morning a vote for
Speaker without debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly. I am
not going into any general debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. Gentlemen opposite need
not be so very sensitive. We are going to let
them have a ballot. But we desire some inform-
ation first. Who knows but what 1 might want
to change my vote ? I agree that it would not bo
proper to enter into a general debate; but still I
might want to ask a question, and I suppose that
privilege is not to be denied nn1.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It was not my pur-
pose to obstruct the business of the House 
Mr. GROW. I have only this to say: The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burmett] made
an appeal to his own side of the House to know
if there was any objection to the proposition
which he made, and no one objected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. There were many
objections made.
Mr. GROW. Then the gentleman from Ken-
tucky deceived this side of the House. That is
all.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not understand the lan-
guage of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. GROW. I said that the gentleman from
Kentucky stated that it was the agreement of that
side of the House thatif the House then adjourned,
there should be a vote taken this morning with-
out delay; and thatif there was not such an agree-
ment the gentleman deceived this side of the
House.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say this: I made a
statement m which I understood there was a gen-
eral acquiescence, that if there was then an ad-
journment we would vote this morning after such
preliminary motions as for a call of the House,
and to adjourn, in order to give time for members
to come in, and 1 am in favor of carrying out that
understanding now.
Mr. GROW. I think the gentleman from Ken-
tucky does not understand me.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should have been
through by this time if gentlemen had allowed
me to go on.
Mr. STANTON. I appealed to my political
friends last night to consent to an adjournment,
upon the express understanding that there should
be no delay or discussion when we met here to-
day, but that a vote should be taken. Now, sir,
with that understanding, I submit to gentlemen
on the other side whether it is strictly upon the
square that interrogatories shall be propounded,
and a debate opened, which may protract the bal-
loting indefinitely?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is just because
I think that gentlemen upon that side of the House
are not upon the square that I desire to propound
these interrogatories.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yesterday evening, when
the proposition was made for an adjournment, I
expressly dissented to the conditions proposed;
though, so far as I am concerned, I am willing
that the ballot shall take place without delay or
discussion; but I repeat, that I expressly objected
to the agreement proposed at the time the adjourn-
ment took place. [Cries of "Order!"]
Republican Members. No objection was heard
on this side.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be; but that is not
my fault. The objection was heard on this side
of the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. [Cries of " Or-
der!"] Last evening 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am upon the floor.
[Shouts of "Order!" and confusion.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I want to know
whether these remarks arc in order, when a mo-
tion has been made for the previous question.
That motion is now pending before the House,
and I object to all remarks and all discussion upon
the part of anybody.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Clerk, my
desire for an adjournment last evening was very
much prompted by the statement of gentlemen
opposite, that we should have a vote to-day with-
out delay.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object to my col-
league proceeding with any remarks.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to say
this 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I call the gentleman
to order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Morris] raises the question of order, that
the previous question having been demanded, no
debate is in order; but that the Clerk must put
the question without delay.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I submit to gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House that, even if
there was not a perfect understanding on this side
of the House that this vote should be taken with-
out debate, still, if it was so understood upon the
| other side, it would be cieditable in us to respect
i it, and indulge m no discussion.
j Mr. GROW. 1 desire to call attention to the
j reported proceedings, in reference to this matter,
[ in the Globe of to-day. Mr. Burnett makes the
I proposition, which seems to have been generally
| assented to. Mr.Houston adding/' That is,ii all
| our men are here." [Cries of " Vote!" "Vote!"]
At this point a pause occurred, during which
