1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2&B
He also presented the petition of Thomas W.
Williamson, and others, citizens of Floyd county,
Virginia, praying the extension of the mail route
from, the central depot on the Virginia and Ten-
nessee railroad to Indian Valley, to connect with
the route leading from Salem to Mt. Airy, in
the State of North Carolina; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. THOMSON presented the petition of
Mary Bartholomew, widow of Thomas Barthol-
omew, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying- for
bounty land for services rendered by her husband
in the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Arkansas, praying1 for the es-
tablishment of a post route from Pine Bluff to
Hot Springs, m that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Fulton county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
establishment of a mail route from McConnells-
burg, via Fort Littleton, to Burnt Cabins, in that
county; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of A. Hamilton
Patterson, praying compensation for his services
as a clerk and artist while attached to the United
States expedition to Japan, under Commodore
Perry; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented the petition of the
city of San Antonio, Texas, praying- the relin-
quishment to that city of the title to certain land
donated by it to the United States, for the erec-
tion of an arsenal and barracks thereon; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
Mr. IVERSON presented a petition of citizens
of Georgia, remonstrating against an increase of
the duty on imported steel, as contemplated in
the tariff bill now pendingbefore Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the memorial of
the heirs of Benjamin R. Milam, praying the con-
firmation of their titles to a tract of land granted
by the Mexican Government to said Milam, and
land scrip for so much of said land as has been
disposed of by the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
34G) for the relief of the legal representatives of
P. P. Hull, deceased, reported it without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 484) to incorporate the trustees of the
New Jerusalem church of the city of Washing- ;
ton, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 483) to incorporate
the Mount Olivet cemetery in the District of Co-
lumbia, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 434) for the
relief of Elias Hall, reported it without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HEMPHILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 524) for the relief of J. R. Crump, reported
it without amendment, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John II.
Rountree, praying the return of lead rents illegally
exacted from him by the agent of the United
States, reported a bill (S. No. 491) for the relief
of John H. Rountree; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 434)
for the relief of John F. Sanford, administrator
de bonis non of the estate of Robert Sanford, de-
ceased, reported it without amendment, with a
recommendation that it do not pajss.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
, Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion ;
^ Resolved, That Saturday of the present week be set aside
*bi business relating to the District ot Columbia.
Mr. GREEN and others objected to the con-
sideration of the resolution to-day, it therefore
lies over under the rule.
LIEUTENANT MICHI/EIt's REPORT.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tliat the Secretary of War communicate to
the Senate the report of Lieutenant Michler of the suivey
of an interoceanic ship-canal near the Isthmus of Darien,
via the Atrato and Truando rivers.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following; res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved., That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the justice and expediency of pro-
viding by law for the payment of the expenses of the expe-
dition under the administration of Governor M. W. Izard,
of Nebraska Territory, for the defense of the frontiers of
that Territory, and for the suppression of Indian hostilities
and disturbances, undertaken under the authority of that
Territory, and report b> bill orothenvibe.
MAIL SERVICE IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr.LANE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
increasing the Inail scrvico on Puget Sound, Washington
Tenitory, and to leport by bill or otherwise.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions, in which the concurrencc of the Sen-
ate was requested:
A bill (No. 8) for the relief of George P. Marsh;
A bill (No. 118) to confirm ccrtain private land
claims in the State of Missouri;
A bill (No. 548) for the relief of Mrs. Fergu-
son Smith;
A bill (No. 423) for the relief of Philip B.
Ilolmos and William Pedrich;
A bill (No. 765) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the diplomatic and consular sys-
tem of the United States," approved August 18,
1856;
A bill (No. 715) to establish a mail six times a
week from Sacramento, in California, to Olym-
pia, in the Territory of Washington;
A bill (No. 819) providing for additional terms
of the United States circuit and district courts in
the State of Kentucky;
A bill (No. 812) to" amend an act entitled "An
act granting public lands in alternate sections to
the State of Mississippi, to aid in the construction
of railroads m said State, and for other purposed,"
approved August 11, 1856;
A bill (No. 764) to change the times for hold-
ing the terms of the district court of the United
States for the district of Alabama;
A joint resolution (No. 32) for the relief of
Henry Woods;
A joint resolution (No. 39) directing the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to settle the ac-
counts of the late Robeit Stockton, quartermaster,
&c.; and
A joint resolution (No. 42) giving construc-
tion to the second section of the act of February
3, 1853, "to continue half pay to ccrtain widows
and orphans."
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 188) for the relief of the surviving
children of Colonel William Thompson, of the
revolutionary army of South Carolina;
A bill (No. 238) for the relief of M. C. Gritz-
ner;
A bill (No. 249) for the relief of Samuel J.
Hensley;and
A bill (No. 371) for the relief of certain settlers
in the State of Iowa.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the second and fourth amend-
ments of the Senate, to the bill of the House (H.
R. No. 503) making further appropriations for die
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1860, and had
disagreed to the first and third amendments of
the Senate to the bill.
On motion of Mr. HU$Ti£R, tire Senate pxo-
ceeded to consider its amendments to the, bill (H.
R. No-. 503) making further appropriations for
the service of the Posf Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, I860, dis-
agreed to by the House o£Representatives;~and,
on motion of Mr. Hunter,
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
the said bill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes of th£ two
Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. Pearce, Mr. Yulee, and Mr. Cameron
were appointed. ,t
Mr. CAMERON was subsequently, on his mo-
tio^excused from serving as a member of the
committee.
WILLIAM MEDILL.
Mr. PUGH. I have had in my possession,
for more than a week past, a petition from Hon.
William Medill, First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, in regard to a preamble and resolutions offered
against htm, but have been prevented from attend,-
ing at the proper hour by sickness in my family.
I will ask that the letter addressed to me be read,
as it will give the proper date; and then 1 will
present the petition.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, May 21, 1860.
Dear Sir : f herewith hand yau a communication, which
I have frit it to be my duty to address to the Senate of the
United States, in reply to the preamble and resolutions of
Mr. Green, and asking an investigation of the charges con-
tained thciein, and have respectfully to request that you
will present the same, together with the accompanying
papers, to that honorable body.
I am, sir, veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. MEDILL.
Hon. GroRGE E. Pnoir, United States Senate.
Mr. PUGH. As I said, the papers ought to
have been presented a week ago; but I was pre-
vented from attending the Senate by sickness in
my family. I now present them, and move that
the petition be referred, with the accompanying
papers, to the select committee appointed on that
subject, and that it be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
referred; but the motion to print goes to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Haves, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House insists on its disagreement to the first and
third amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House (H. R. No. 503) making further appro-
priations for the scrvice of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 18G0, insisted on by the Senate, agrees to
the confcrcncc asked by the Senate on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Schuyler Colfax of Indiana, Mr.
Martin J. Crawford of Georgia, and Mr. Is-
rael Washburn, jr., of Maine, managers at the*
same on the part of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further an nounced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Vice President: *
A bill (S. No. 22) for the relief of John Scott,
Hill W. House, and Samuel O. House;
A bill (H. R. No. 284) for the relief of John
W. Taylor, and certain other assignees of pre-
emption land locations; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 27) authorizing the
settlement of the accounts of John R. Bartlett, late
commissioner of the United States to run and
mark the boundary line between the United States
and Mexico, and for other purposes.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
The message further announced that the House
had this day ordered, at twelve o'clock, m., the
printing of a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting the report of Lieutenant Ives on the ex-
ploration of the Colorado river.
COURTS IN FLORIDA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thcfcour hav-
ing arrived for the consideration of the special
order, it becomcs the duty of, the Chair to an-
