1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
166®
Hall were ready to admit as a State into the Union
the Territory of Kansas, when clearly it had noth-
ing Jiko an approach to the requisite population.
It is,well known as a historical fact, in this House
and m the country, that there was no power in the
friends of the Lecompton constitution of that day
to put it through this House. It was superseded
by other propositions; and at last it was adjusted,
as we all know, by that compromise, effected by
a committee of the two Houses, which reported
the English bill.
I mention these facts because I desire them to
come distinctly forward within the memory of the
country and of members, and in order that they
may have their due and proper weight.
Well, sir, the Lecompton constitution, so fa-
miliar to the country and the subject of so much
vituperation, was denounced with much bitterness
yesterday by the Delegate from Kansas. The
debate has been characterized with a becoming
courtesy, with the single exception of that Delegate
—who, of all others upon this floor, ought not to
have forgotten what was due to his position. He,
a Delegate from a Territory, characterized in a
most offensive manner a measure which a large
portion of the House, the Representatives of that
day, voted for. I think he might as well have
spared that animadversion. Members occupying
a different relation to the country and the business
of the House have not thought it necessary to
make any such strictures, or indulge in any such
denunciations; and I think it would have been
well for him to follow such examples. But he
denounced the Lecompton constitution—and I be-
lieve he is the only person who did—in the fiercest
and bitterest terms. 1 say here, then, that the
denunciation was unjust. I say here that there
is not, in the whole history of the Lecompton
constitution, one single fraud.
Sir, I ask—and I call the attention of gentlemen
to it—if the act of submitting the question of a
convention to the people was not fairly passed by
the Legislature of that T erritory ? I ask if the bill
itself was not fair and proper? And I ask if the
majority of the legal voters who voted upon that
question were not in favor of the convention which
was subsequently held? I ask if the convention
itself was not composed of men duly elected by a
majority of the voters of Kansas who chose to go to
the polls and exercise the right of suffrage ? I ask,
if the convention, when it met, did not deliberate
with open doors, and, in the face of the country,
frame a constitution ? I ask if there was one sin-
gle attempt to obscure or mislead the publicmind
in reference to it ? And when the labors of that
convention were closed, I ask gentlemen if that
constitution was not submitted in the terms des-
iarnated by the convention itself, to the people of
Kansas? and whether a majority of the voters
who chosc to vote at the polls did not give an
expression in favor of it? I challenge gentlemen
upon the other side, one and all, and especially
the territorial representative here, to say if there
was one single act of fraud in all those proceed-
ings.
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman says he chal-
lenges any member of the Territorial Committee
to point out any act of fraud upont^ part of that
convention. The convention undertook tosubmit
to the people of Kansas, not the constitution,
but the question whether they would have a con-
stitution with slavery, or a " constitution with
no slavery." This is the provision, which I will
read, and leave it almost without comment:
" But if upon <?uch examination of said poll books it shall
appear that a majority of the legal votes cast at said elec-
tion be in favor of a 'constitution with no slavery,' then
the aiticle providing for slavery i-hali bo stricken out fiotn
this constitution by the president of this convention, and
slavery fhall no longer exist m the State of Kansas, ex-
cept that the right of property in slaves now in this Tcrri-
toiy •shall in no man no i be interfered with."
I ask the gentleman if he calls that a fair and
open submission of the question of slavery to the
people of Kansas?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Most assuredly.
Mr. GOOCH. That is all, then.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly it was
submitted to a vote of the people of Kansas in
conformity to well-established precedent, it being
abundantly sustained and demonstrated that the
convention was not bound to submit anything.
They could have adopted the constitution without
calling for a vote of the people; and the gentleman
from Massachusetts knows that as well as anv
gentleman upon this floor. They would have
been warranted in so doing by numerous prece-
dents which exist in connection with the forma-
tion of constitutions in this country.
If, then, the convention could have proclaimed
that constitution without submitting any portion
of it to the people, I ask if they could not have
submitted such portion ofitasthey saw fit? Now,
the gentleman from Massachusetts is ordinarily,
as I have always believed, a fair man; and 1 put
the question to him, if it was not perfectly within
the power of that convention to proclaim that con-
stitution without calling for a vote of the people?
and if they could have done it with reference to
the entire constitution, could not they have done
it in reference to a part?
Mr. GOOCH. If a convention is called with
the expectation and understanding upon the part
of the people that the instrument which they frame
as their constitution is to be submitted to the peo-
ple for their ratification, then I say the convention
has no right to proclaim thatconstitution without
a submission to the people.
Still further, I say it is the right and duty of
Congress, under all circumstances, when an in-
strument is presented here purporting to be a con-
stitution of the people, to ascertain whether or
not it be the will of the people. I care not how
it is framed, what sanctions, guards, and checks
may have been placed around it, if the Congress
of the United States is satisfied that it does not
embody the will of the people, it is their duty to
reject the application for admission, and not force
upon the people a constitution which they do not
desire and have not indorsed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman has
gone off altogether upon another point. The
question is: were the proceedings which led to the.
formation of the Lecompton constitution tainted
from the beginning to the close with fraud, as
has been charged by the Delegate from Kansas?
The fact that the gentleman wen toff upon another
point, equally easy of solution, is a confession I
covet; for it is conceded by the course of his re-
marks that there has been no fraud in this whole
proceeding, unless it may be in the mode of sub-
mitting the question to the people, which I have
answered. I say, then, that the proceedings in ref-
erence to the formation of the Lecompton con-
stitution were in strict conforihity to law, and in
the full exercise of whatMr. Webster proclaimed
in a celebrated law case, a pQculiarity of his coun-
try—in strict conformity to American liberty;
a liberty regulated by the Constitution, and pro-
tected by lawT
Mr. Speaker, I now proceed. The Lecompton
constitution was not adopted. The English bill
was. We had gone through a great deal of trou-
ble 011 this question. We had had avast amount
of excitement and dissension. The whole coun-
try had been agitated, and all good citizens wished
to have the thing settled. The result was the
English compromise bill. 1 beg leave to call at-
tention to that, because it was designed to adjust
this Kansas controversy. It was not to perpet-
uate a fraud on the people of Kansas, but to ad-
just this Kansas difficulty, and to prescribe a set
of rules by which the question of a future con-
vention was to be regulated. I ask my honoi-
able colleague on the Committee on Territories jf
lie will deny that it is of the highest degree of
importance that this House shall, in all important
matters, be governed by law? We have a law
regulating the mode of contesting elections. We
have a law regulating all the machinery of the
Government. And was it not right under the
circumstances—under the strife that had been en-
gendered and continued—was it not of the highest
importance to the peace and harmony and right
settlement of the question, that a system of rules
as to the future taking of a census and the hold-
ing of a convention should be adopted by this
body? The Congress of the United States, in the
bill to which I have referred, did that. Congress
laid down rules by which the people of Kansas
were to be governed. Now gentlemen say that jj
an act of Congress i.s not obligatory; that it docs ;j
not furnish an imperative rule of conduct, but is ,
null and void; and that action may be taken in- j
consistent with it. _ t j
But I do not mean to raise any question on this ;
subject. I know very well that we have the power j
if we choose to disregard all law and to create alaw j
to ourselves. I am aware of all that; but yet, as
a law-abiding people; as a people disposed to
respect the acts of our predecessors; as a people
inclined to give stability to the operations of this
great country, I ask if we will lightly and with-
out necessity disregard a plain rule, fixed and es-
tablished, for the very purpose of ending this un-
happy controversy?
Why do we pass laws? To disregard them?
Why do we lay down rules in cases of election?
To contemn them? No, sir, no; but to inform
the country whatmeans they should adopt for the
purpose of attaining the ends in view. So, like-
wise here, in regard to the formation of a future
constitution, the rule was laid down in this Eng-
lish bill intended to govern our future action, be-
cause our past action had been conflicting in char-
acter. Was there anything unreasonable in that?
Let me read it to the House:
"And in that event, the people of said Territory"—
That is, in the event the people should vote not
to accept the Lecompton constitution—
"are hereby authorized and empowered to form for them-
selves a constitution and State government, with the name
of the State of Kansas, according to the Federal Constitu-
tion, and shah elcct delegates for that purpose whenever,
and not before
Mark, sir, " whenever, and not before"—
<f it is ascertained, by a census duly and legally taken, that
the population of saidTerutorv equals or exceeds the rati®
of representation required for a member of the House of
Representatives in the Congress of the United States."
Now, here is a rule. They shall be entitled to
admission whenever they shall duly and legally
take a census,and shall establish that they havea
population equal to the ratio of representation for
a member of this House. Now, I put it to.gen-
tlemen if there is anything unreasonable in that
requirement? And-1 ask these gentlemen espe-
cially who voted for that bill, if, after that evi-
dence, they can vote for this bill ? They, at least,
who voted for the English bill are bound, as moral
agents, to enforce it. We wanted to get rid of
vague declarations. We wanted to free ourselves
from the speculations of interested members, from
whom we had had on similar occasions many
curious statements. We therefore prescribed in
that solemn and deliberate act, that they should
not be admitted into the Union until, by a census
duly and legally taken, their population should
be shown to equal or exceed the ratio of repi^sent-
ation required fora member of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Congress of the United States.
Here is a rule distinct, explicit, and beneficial
in its operation, which is bound to receive the re-
spect of the Government of the United States, and
especially the respect of those who voted for it.
Well, now I ask the question again, why was
this rule not observed? There were two reasons
for it, one of which the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. GIuarles] adverted to with a great deal
of force. That is, that when they adopted many
of the provisions of that bill they shirked that in
regard to the ccnsus, for the obvious reason, in
his judgment, that they knew they had not the'
population to satisfy the requirements of the law.
but, Mr. Speaker, I grieve to say that, in my
opinion, there was another reason for it. Every
step that has been taken in this unhappy contro-
versy has been in open outrage on established
law. When the territorial government fell into
the hands of the pro-slavery party, as you call it,
the only way to get rid of the evil was to riso in
rebellion against it, to repudiate it, to spit upon
it; and that was done, avowedly and deliberately.
And, sir, when the first Delegate from that Ter-
ritory (Mr. Whitfield) came here, his election was
resisted, in part and to someextcnt,on the ground
that he was elected not under any law, as the
territorial law was absolutely null and void.
Go on, step after step, and when you come to
the Lecompton constitution itself, what are the
facts there1 ? I ask gentlemen why it was that Re-
publicans did not take possession of the territo-
rial government if they had the power? We have
precious revelations in the Herald of yesterday,
showing the reasons,pro and con., why this thing
was not done. To take possession of the govern-
ment under the territorial laws would have been-a
recognition of those laws, and would have given
peace and repose, according to the testimony fur-
nished by Redpath, to a distracted land. They
did not want peace. They wanted to stand out
against the recognized authorities. I tell gentle-
men that if they will l©ok at these revelations,
