1670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
they will find the vail lifted off the most extraor-
dinary transactions that ever disfigured civilized
society.
You have seen Red path's revelations, have
seen the part which Governor Robinson played,
and will be able to appreciate the state of things
to which I refer. If the free-State men had"a ma-
jority in Kansas, (and probably they had,) why
did they not take possession of the government,
vote down the other party, and come into the
Union according to law? It was because they
wanted trouble and revolution.
Here we see in these very proceedings a con-
tinuation of the same disorganizing policy. The
. people of Kansas did not mean to come in under
the English bill. They stood out, as they had
stood out on all former occasions, against author-
ity. They even spurn and repudiate an act of
Congress, while they believe that Congress has
supreme and absolute control over the Teirito-
ries.
That is the secret, sir. And now I ask gentle-
men on the other side, believing, as I do, that
Congress has the power to regulate all these ques-
tions and to prescribe rules of action, how they
can give their support to a movement founded in
rebellion against law and announcing a determ-
ination to defy the highest authority of the coun-
try? ,
But, sir, it was done. A convention was held.
A constitution was formed. That constitution
was presented to this House, and was referred to
the Committee on Territories. When the bill
now under consideration was brought before the
committee and a report was read, I asked in com-
mittee (I choose to make the revelation) for the
postponement of action until the next meeting of
the committee. That was refused. 1 asked for
an opportunity to examine the report, and for per-
mission to take it to my room; and that was re-
fused. I was told by tfie honorable chairman of
that committee, that as my report would be of an
opposition character, we might as well act at once.
In other words, the question had been determined
by a sub-committee, consisting of a majority of
that body. Well, the question comes up here
now, what are the objections to it? They are
several; and I shall very briefly advert to them.
One of them is, that the law has not been com-
plietFwith; and gentlemen arc absolutely driven
to the necessity of figuring up a sufficient popula-
tion by calculations of a most fallacious character.
According to the statement, there are seventeen
thousand voters in Kansas. I take that statement
These voters are men in a new Temtory. The
population, we know, is largely floating. We
Know it is composed, to a very great extent, of
young mm. 1 ask the committee if they believe
that everyone of these voters was a married man,
with five children ? Now you must multiply sev-
enteen thousand by nearly six—lor a wife and live
children to each voter—before you can reach the
ninety-three thousand four hundrid and twenty,
which an old State must have to get a Represent-
ative on tins floor. I ask gentlemen, with confi-
dence, if they believe that each of these seventeen
thousand voters had a wife and five children''
Or that those who had wives and children were
in such excess as to supply the deficiency of those
who had none?
Why, sir, even in the old States it is very rare,
if at all, that we find a wife and five childien to
each married man, much more to each voter;and
1 take the position that the statement of gentle-
men—the proof upon which they rely to show a
sufficient population—proves conclusively that
their speculations are unsound.
Mr. Speaker, I deem it very important that
this rule of population should be adhered to. I
deem it very important that a new Territory
should not come into this Union until she has'a
population equal to that required for a Represent-
ative in one of the old States. Why should it
not have? That is the question. 1 would like to
hear some reason why she should not. We know
very well that the population of the new Terri-
tories are not homogeneous. We know very well
that they are composed of people from every
quarter of the world, and that they have very few
sympathies, and tastes, and interests in fact, in
common with the people of the older States.
Why should they have equal political power with
a less population than the Constitution and laws
require in the older States? I would like to have
that sufficiently explained. I confess my utter
inability to find out a reason why it. should be so.
The English adjustment bill requires it, and it is
a doctrine which, if we could put it into practice
and adhere to it, would relieve us hereafter from
a great deal of trouble and difficulty.
But, sir, that is not all: there is another reason
for it. We know perfectly well that there are
ambitious and aspiring men in these new States.
We had a striking illustration of it in the case of
California, prematurely forced into our political
Union. We know that there are men agitating all
the time for the sake of the honors and offices, and
who strive to force these Territories, with small
populations and against the wish of the people,
into the pos.tion of sovereign States, in order that
they may be Senators and Governors; and a rule
to require the ratio of representation, fixed and
immutable, would prevent this political juggling.
Were the people of Kansas anxious for a State
constitution and to be admitted into the Union ? I
propound the question without fear or hesitation,
and I say unhesitatingly that they were not. We
are told that "seventeen thousand votes were cast
in the election of a Delegate. What was the vote
on the question of State or no State? Why, five
thousand three hundred and sixty-six votes for,
to fourteen hundred and twenty-five against—be-
ing only a little upwards of six thousand votes,
when it is claimed that there were eighteen or
twenty thousand voters in the Territory. That
show very great indifference on the part of the
people to assume sovereign power; it shows that
they were not anxious on the subject, and that the
agitation and excitement have grown out of politi-
cal ambition, rather than out of any desire of the
people to be admitted into the Union.
But I must pass on. 1 desire now to call atten-
tion to this attempt to embrace a sovereign and
exclusive power within this State. I beg to call
attention to it, because the language of this pro-
viso is peculiar. What is the proviso? I will
read it:
Provided, Thru nothing contnmod in the said constitu-
tion lopeetiny the boimdaiy ol said State shall be consti ued
to impair tlie tights of person or property now pertaining to
llie Indians in said Temtoiy, so lont* as such rights s-hall
lemam unextinguished by tteaty between the United States
and such Indians, or to include any Terriloiv which, by
tieaty with such Indian tribe, is not, without the conscnt
of .said tribe, to be included within the tomtoual limit* oi
jurisdiction of any folate or Terutoiy ; hut all Mich Tern-
tnry shall be excepted out of the boiindaue*, and constitute
no pan of the State of until said tribe Miali signify
their assent to the President of the United Stales to bo in-
cluded within sud State, oi to affect the authonty of the
(Jovermnent of J lie Untied States to makejutv regulation ic-
:*pecnng mii h rndtniiMhcu l.imK, propeity, or other lights,
hv treaty, law, oi othoiwi-e, which it would have been com-
petent to make if this act had nev<*r parsed.
ITere you see that the only thing exempted from
the power of the State of- Kansas is the rights of
person and properly. The sovereignty of this In-
dian territory is transferred to Kansas; there is
simply an exemption of person and property. They
have the right to introduce their officials there, and
the Indians are protected m nothing except ill
leferenee to person and property. The sovereign
power over this Indian territory is as absolutely
in the State of Kansas, should this bill pass and
become a law, as is anv other portion of her ter-
ritory. There is a limitation upon the exercise
of sovereign power, it is true; but it is a limita-
tion icstricted to two subjects, and two subjects
only.
I ask gentlemen upon the other side why should
this be done? Is there any necessity for it?
None whatever. It would be perfectly easy to
amend the bill so as to excludc the Indian terri-
tory from the boundaries of the State. Why not
do it? Why not run the boundaries of Kansas
round the Cherokee reservation?
The gentleman fiom Massachusetts, [Mr.
Goocn,.] who has argued this question, concedes
that this provision of the bill does not give any
right to the proposed State of Kansas over this
Indian territory. He is compelled to acknowledge
that. But I invite his attention to the terms of this
bill. He says that it conveys no right, and that
it can convey no right, in conflict with the Indian
right; and, sir, he read a clause of the Constitu-
tion, to which I would again ask his attention.
That clause is as follows:
"This Constitution and the laws of the United States
which shall be made m pursuance thereof, and ail treaties
made, or which shall be made, undei the authority of the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the land."
I interposed the remark, during the discussion
this morning, that although the treaty was the su-
preme law, so was a law of Congress. The laws
of the United States and the treaties are all in-
cluded in the same clause, but one following the
other, and the treaties following the laws. Wow,
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts to be good
enough to show me how he obtains for this treaty
a superiority over laws of the United States made
in conformity to the Constitution?
But the Constitution goes on to say:
" And the judges in every State shall be bound thereby;
anything in the constitution or laws of any State to the
contrary notwithstanding."
Sir, I know that any law or constitution in any
State contravening an act of Congress is null and
void. But, sir, that clause cannot have any ap-
plication to this question. It is not a State that
is acting. We are acting here to give a law upon
this subject that shall be a binding rule of action.
We propose to give jurisdiction to Kansas over
this section of Indian territory. I ask, then, if a
treaty is a supreme law of the land, is not an act
of Congress equally supreme? And if we pass
a law contravening a treaty, I ask if there is any
hesitation or doubt of the fact that, if one be of
more validity than the other, the law is supesor,
and will remain in force ? Here we pass this bill.
It is an act not only of this House, but of the
Senate and President. A treaty is but the act of the
Senate and President. The first is the major, the
latter the minor; and of course, according to every
system of logic, the major includes the minor. I
say, therefore, that the rights of these Indians,
under the bill now before us, is clearly invaded.
Should we do it ?
I call the attention of gentlemen on the other
side of the House again to this clause of the bill,
and I say that, under its operation, no matter what
the treaty may be, the Indians will have no chance.
I say, then, that we are doing a great outrage by
passing the bill with its present provisions, which,
by a simple amendment, may be avoided; and I
say to gentlemen dpon the other side, wherefore,
when the question is made and the difficulty pre-
sented, will they not avoid the difficulty, when
they can, by a simple amendment, leave the In-
dians in full possession of their rights?
Sir, is strife in Kansas never to have an end?
Is the red man to be compelled to come here and
ask Cor protection against the aggressions of Kan-
sas hereafter? Arc we to have future agitations
upon this subject, when, by a simple amendment,
all difficulty may be avoided ? I putit to the judg-
ment, I put it to the good feeling of the members
upon the other side of the House, whether they
will not allow the boundaries of this proposed
State to commence at the northeastern corner of
the Indian territory on the Missouri line, and
run west along the line of that territory, until you
reach the northwestern angle thereof; thence south
to the thirty-seventh degree of north latitude; and
thence with that line to the line of longitude men-
tioned in the bill, thus excluding this Indian coun-
try from the State? What objection can there bo
to that course? Fair play. Fair play will say
there can be no objection. None; none. I ap-
peal, then, tg gentlemen on the other side whether
they are determined that no amendment shall be
made to the bill in a solitary word? I trust the
amendment which I have indicated may be adopt-
ed. I am willing to accept the proposition made
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard,] if that shall prove more acceptable. I had
prepared an amendment changing the boundaries
lixed m the bill, so as to exclude this country from
the limits of the State.
Now, Mr. Speaker. I do not desire to detain
the House. I have called their attention to these
objections which exist to the bill as it now stands
before us, and I am willing to leave the matter to
the will of the majority, and to let them exercise
that will, whether it be for weal or for woe.
Mr. GARNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will permit me,
I will ask him how long he proposes to occupy
the floor ? I make the inquiry, because gentlemen
around me arc anxious to know whether we shall
come to a vote to-night or not.
Mr. GARNETT. ' I shall not occupy more
than ten or twelve minutes, and it is immaterial
whether I go on now or in the morning.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no disposition to pro-
crastinate this matter at all; but I will suggest
