2614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
nounce that as the first business now in order
before the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I want to aska favorfor the Sen-
ator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] rather than
myself, to be allowed to report back, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, a bill fixing the time
for holding the courts in Florida, which has been
delayed by my absence; and, as I presume there
will pe no objection to it, I hope it will be put on
its passage.
Mr. MALLORY, I would be very glad if the
Senate would pass the bill now. It wilt not take
more than a minute. I ask the indulgence of the
Senator from Georgia for one moment, to allow
me to pass this bill, to alter the time of holding
our courts in Florida. It will not take a moment.
If it does, I will give way.
Mr. TOOMBS. If there is unanimous con-
sent, I will not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate. The Chair
hears no objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 444) changing the time of holding
the courts in the northern district of Florida.
Mr. PUGH. The Committee on the Judiciary
report it back with an amendment. It is a mere
formal one. It reconstructs the bill, in order to
give the dates consecutively. It makes no vari-
ation in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported by the Commutes
on the Judiciary, to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause, and insert:
That the regular terms of the district court of the United
States for the northern district of Florida shall hereafter be
held at Apalachicola, on the first Monday in March; at
TalJahassee, on the first Monday in May; at St. Augustine,
on the first Monday in June ; and at Pensacola,on thefir->t
Monday of July, in each year; but nothing herein shall be
construed to prevent the judge of the said court from Hold-
ing additional terms at any of the place* aforesaid when-
ever, in his opinion, the public iuterests may so lequire.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in, and the
bill ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr, Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
4G4) to amend an act entitled " An act m addition
to the acts prohibiting the slave trade," with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the Son-
ate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that t he Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 117) for the relief of Guadalupe
Estudillo de Arguello, widow of Santiago £.
Arguello;
A bill (S. No. 188) for the relief of the surviv-
ing grandchildren of Colonel William Thompson,
of the revolutionary army of South Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 238) for the relief of M, C.
Gritzner;
A bill (S. No. 249) for the relief of Samuel J.
Hensley; and
A bill (S. No. 37J) for the relief of certain set-
tlers in the State of Iowa.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred ns indicated
below:
A bill (No. 8) for the reliefofGcorge P. Marsh—
to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 118) to confirm certain private land
claims in the State of Missouri-r-to tlic Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
^ A bill (No. 548) for the relief pf Mrs. Ferguson
Smith—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 423) for the relief of Philip R.
Holmes and William Pedrieh—to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
A bill (No. 765) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the diplomatic and consular sys-
tems of the United States," approved August 18,
]856—to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
A bill (No. 715) to establish a mail six times a
week from Sacramento, in California, to Olympia,
in the Territory of Washington—to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A bill (No. 819) providing for additional terms
of theUnited Statescircuitcourtanddistrict courts
in the State of Kentucky—to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
A bill (No. 812) to amend an act entitled " An
act granting public lands, in alternate sections, to
the State of Mississippi, to aid in the construction
of railroads in said State, and for other purposes,"
approved August 11, 1856—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A joint resolution (No. 32) for the relief Henry
Woods—to the Committee of Commerce.
A joint resolution (No. 39) directing the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to settle the ac-
counts of the lateRobertStockton, quartermaster,
&c.—to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
A joint resolution (No. 42) giving construction
to the second section of the act of February 3,
1853, "to continue half pay to certain widows
and orphans"—to the Committee on Pensions.
COURTS IN OREGON.
Mr. LANE. I ask the Senate to give me unan-
imous consent to take up the bill (S. No. 9) fixing
the time of holding the district court in Oregon.
It was introduced early in the session, and re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary unani-
mously. It will not take five minutes to pass it.
The Senator from Georgia has no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 9) to
amend an act for extending the laws and judicial
system of the United States to the State of Ore-
gon, and for other purposes; the ponding amend-
ment being on the motion to strike out, in section
two, the words "$3,000," and insert " $2,600;"
so that it will read:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the salary of the
district judge of the United States for the said district shall
be $2,600.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to inquire
if that increases the salary of the judge ?
Mr. LANE. I will merely say to the Senate
that, as this bill passed the body last year, it fixed
the salary at $3,000. In the House it was struck
down to $2,500. This bill fixes the salary at
$3,000, the sum which was adopted in the bill
that passed here last year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire of the Sena-
tor, what is the present salary of the district judge
in Oregon ?
Mr. LANE. You passed it here last year at
$3,000, and the House of Representatives, on the
last day of the session, struck it down to $2,500.
There is not any sum fixed. We want it fixed
at .$3,000.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there any judge now in
Oregon ?
Mr. LANE. The judge is appointed, and we
arc now trying to fix the time for holding his
courts and fixing the salary.
Mr. BAYARD. The pending amendment is
to strike out $3,000 and" insert §2,600, I under-
stand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
amendment before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. The reason why the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary repo:ted the salary at
$3,000 in this amended bill was that under the act
which passed at the last Congress, exu nding the
jurisdiction of the United States courts, or or-
ganizing the United States courts throughout the
State of Oregon, the Senate, after full considera-
tion by the committee, agreed to allow the judge
$3,000'as an appropriate salary. That bill passed
the Senate. With the judgment of the Senate m
favor of the sum, with no objection whatever
made to it in the House of Representatives, the
bill was passed by that body as it came from the
Senate, with the exception that the salary was
cut down to $2,500. Considering that that was
inadequate, both in the judgment of the committee
and Senate, when this bill came before us for the
alteration of the times of holding the couit, we
alsoamendcd it as to salary. No jeason is known
why the House cut it down to a sum lower than
is allowed in other cases; and therefore the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary restored the sum which
the Senate adopted at the last Congress, $3,000,
according to the original bill which passed the
Senate, I hope that the amendment will not pre-
vail; for I think it would be unjust to the judge
there not to allow him the same salary, taking
all the circumstances into consideration, that is
allowed in other cases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment, to strike out $3,000 and
insert $2,600.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made in
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment reduces
the salary from $3,000 to $2,600, I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was lost.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is $3,000 as the bill now
stands; and the question is on concurring in the
amendment making it $3,000. If we do not con-
cur it will be $2,600. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the question of raising the salary. If the sal-
ary of one of the judges is to be put up, we had
better take up the whole subject regularly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will lead the amendment which has been agreed
to as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill and in
lieu thereof inseit:
That the two regular terms of the district court of the
United States for the district of Oregon shall heieafter be
held at Portland, in said district, commencing on the sec-
ond Monday m May and September m each yeai, and no
piocess issued, or proceeding pending m said'court, shall
be avoided or unpaired by this change of the time and place
of holding the same ; but all process, bail bonds, or iceog-
mzances*,"returnable to the next teim of said couit, shall
be icturnablc and ictuined to the teim of said couit next
held according to this act, m the same manner as if eo
made returnable on the face thereof, and shall have full
effect accordingly. •
ricc. 2. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That the salary ot the
district judge of the United States for said district shall be
§3,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in this amendment; and on that
question the yeas and nays have been asked for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I believe it is not the object of
the Senator from Illinois to defeat th« whole bill;
and as the bill altering the times and place for
holding the courts would he perfect without the
last section, his object will be attained by moving
to strike out the second section, leaving the rest
of the bill; and with the assent of the Senator, I
will make that motion. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the second section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois wiihdtaw his call for the yeas
and nays, and assent to the amendment suggested
by the Senator from New Hampshire ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that will accomplish
the object. My object is simply to get the sense
of the Senate on the question of fixing this salary
at &3,000. 1 wish it to remain where it is, at
$2,500. I have not the bill before me; but I un-
derstand that the amendment which was non-
concurred in, was to fix the salary at $2,600. 1
do not know that I understand what the amend-
ment was on which we voted; but I believe that
amendment was non-concurred in, and now the
question is on adopting in the Senate the amend-
ment which was non-concurred in in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. Oh,no. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say to him that I think I understand
the matter perfectly. The amendment, which is
now before the Senate, is a substitute of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary for the whole original bill.
The substitute fixes the times and place of hold-
ing the courts, and also alteis the salary of the
judge. The Senator from Illinois will attain all
he asks by simply moving to non-concur in the
second section, or to strike it out. That will leave
the first section, fixing the time and place for hold-
ing the courts, without the second section, raising
the salary.
Mr. TOOMBS. I must insist on the order of
the day. The understanding was, that if this biil
took any time it should go over.
Mr. LANE. If it goes over, I suppose it will
come up to-morrow as the morning: business.
["Yes."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia calls for the special order; the Chair
will, therefore,announce it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing that the vote
shall be taken at once on this bill. I do not wish
to delay the bill of the Senator from Oregon.
