650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .
February 1,
Mr. Smith, of Virginia, was engaged in conver-
sation with members around him.
The CLERK put the question, on ordering the
main question, and declared it earned.
He then put the question on the motion, that
the House procced to vote for Speaker, and de-
clared it to bchadopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether I am in order now in proceeding with
my remarks. [Loud cries of " Call the roll!"]
The CLERK. The Clerk supposed that the
gentleman from Virginia had abandoned the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir, I had not.
I have been standing here all the time waiting for
an opportunity to proceed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order, j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. A gentleman rose
to a question of order before, and it was that I
was listening to [Cries of "Order!" "Call
the roll!"]
Mr. SHERMAN. The House having ordered
that it will proceed to a vote, viva voce, for Speaker,
I submit that no one can interfere with that order
by debate.
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave to say to
the gentleman from Virginia, that, after discussion
had taken place upon the point of order, he waited
a short time; but the gentleman seemed to have
abandoned the floor; he seemed to be engaged in
conversation with gentlemen around him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Not at all. I did
not abandon the floor. I was standing up all the
time.
The CLERK. The Clerk then put the ques-
tion, "Shall the main question be now put?"
The gentleman from Virginia made no objection;
and no objection was made by any one else. The
Clerk then put the further question upon the mo-
tion, that the House procced to vote viva voce for
Speaker; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, that was all
founded on a mistake, as I had not yielded the
floor, and it amounts to nothing. I will, there-
fore, proceed with my remarks. [Cries of "No
you can't!" "Order!" and much confusion.]
Well, then I move to reconsider the vote by which
the main question wasoulercd. [Cries of "Older!"
and confusion.]
The CLERK. Tim Clerk will state that, ac-
cording to the parliamentary law, tlmre i^ no such
motion known as n motion to reconsider.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, I will go on
with my remarks. This whole difficulty seems
to have grown out of a misapprehension, on the
part of the Clerk. [Shouts of "Order!" on the
Republican side, and great uproar in the Iiouso.]
Mr. SHERMAN/ Now, I wish to test the
question whether the House will execute its order
or not. I object to the gentleman proceeding.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to put a
question to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
[Shouts of " Order !"]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I call the gentleman
to order. I hope good f.uth will be obsei ved upon
this side of the House, and that this trifling will
bedispenscd with. The gentleman has been called
to order time and again. I call him to order now.
If he is in order let the Clerk so decide.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Vnginia to defer his remarks until
after this vote has been taken. It was mv under-
standing, and the understanding, I think, gener-
ally on this side of the House, that we were to
come here to-day and vote, without a resort to
any dilatory motions or further discussion, and |
I ask the gentleman, m all fairness, to defer his |
remarks for the present. i
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman [shouts of i
"Order!"] misapprehends the purpose of the I
gentleman from Virginia. [Cries of "Order!" ;
" Call ihe roll!" and tumultuous confusion.] ;
Mr. ADRAIN. I object to debate. j
Mr. FLORENCE. If you had allowed the (
gentleman to go on with his remarks while you |
have been calling " Order,"and " Call the roll," i
he would have finished before now. i
Mr. ADRAIN. The House has decided to i
proceed to ballot, and I object to any discussion. .
Mr. CLEMENS. I beg leave to make a sug- I
gestion to my colleague from Virginia, which I ;
think wih remedy the whole matter. My col- \
league is a much older and far more experienced j
man than myself, but in the present suite of this j
controversy, I beg leave to suggest to him that 1
he can accomplish his object by making his in-
quiry when his name is called in the regular order ,
of the vote for Speaker. I presume there will be
no objection, under these circumstances, and the
gentleman can accomplish the object he desires
m that mode.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I shall be ruled out,
sir; for that delightful lover of order from Illinois
will perhaps raise a question of good faith.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. " That delightful
lover of order from Illinois," calls the delightful
out-of-order gentleman from Virginia to order. I
ask the Clerk whether there is now any debatable
question before the House?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the gentleman
from Illinois himself in order?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I protest against
any member infringing the agreement and under-
standing which seemed to prevail upon all sides
yesterday. I know, sir, that if a discussion is
opened here, it will occupy the whole day. For
one, I want to see this farce ended. [Cries of
"That is right!" from both sides.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 am very much
amused. [Cries of "Order!" "Order!" from
the Republican benches.] I wish to say, Mr.
Clerk. [Renewed cries of " Order!" "Order!"
from the Republican benches.] I submit. [Cries
of " Order!" " Order!"] I say to the other side
that I will leave the matter to the decision of the
Clerk. [Cries of " Oi'der!" " Order !" " Call the
roll!"]
The CLERK. The Clerk begs leave respect-
fully to suggest to the gentleman from Virginia
that he desnes todo him no injustice; but he docs
not think, under the parliamentary law, that the
gentleman is now in order. [Cries from the Re-
publican benches of " Order'" " Call the roll!"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There was so much
clamor around me that I did not quite hear the
Clerk; but I submit.
SPEAKER ELECTED.
The House then proceeded to the forty-fourth
and last ballot for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes, 233; necessary
to a choice, 117; of which—
Mr. Pennington leeoived 117
.Air. McClemand  85
Mi. Gilmer  16
Mr. Cuuvloid  4
Mi. William N If Smith  4
Mr. McQiircn  2
Mr Stevenson  1
Mr. Elhendgo  1
Mr. Mile?..'.  1
Mi. Houston  1
Mi. Uoyce  1
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Pmnin%ton—M<,=m>. Cha>3c-- P. Adam-, Admin,
Aldneh, Alley, A-hley, IJabtmr, Bealo. Bingham. IJl.iu,
B! ike, Hujra<, Buthnton. Bmlmgame, Buinhani,
i3unouurl)'-. Butter h"ld, Campbell. '_\uey. Cutter, Ca-e, Col
!:i\, ('onklinir, Coium, Covode. Cuitis. II Wtntet Davi-,
i)a\ve-, Jh-I.ino, !)u< 11. Dunn. Ed;rcifon, EdwauK Eliot,
EI\, F.nnswoith, Kenton. J-Yny, Fo-ret, Flunk. Fteneh,
Gooeh. GtahJtn. Giow, Gniley, Hale, Hall, Ila-kin. Ilet-
miek. Hickman, lieaid, Himipiiiey, liutclim-, Ji vine, Jun-
kni. Fianeis YV. K< llo^.Willmm Kellogg K<«n\ on, KiJsorc,
Killingei, OeWittC Leach, Loo, Loisgneckei, Loomis,
Lovojov, Mai.-ton, MeKean, MoKmirht, McPberson, Mill-
waid, Moorhcad, Moinll, Edwaid Joy Mom-, Moij-h,
Ni\-on, Ohn, Palmer, Porty, Pettit, Poitei, I'ottor, Pottle,
Reynold-, Rico, Clin-tophci llobin-'on, Royce, Sclnvaitz,
tSci"anion, Sedgwick. Slieimaii, Somes, Spaiihlinc. Spinner,
Sianton, ritevn-, William Htewait, ^tuition, Tappan,
Tluner,'Theakor, Tompkins Tiani, Trimble, Yandever,
Yau'Wyck, Yeitec. Wade, Waldion, Wnlton, Cadwalader
C. Wa-hhmn, Ellilm B. Wa-ltbuine, I.-iaei Washbuin,
Wells, Wil-on, Windom, Wood,and WoodiufF.
i-'or Mr. Mi Clernond—Me^is. Allen, Thomas Ji. Ander-
son. A-hmore. Aveiv, Baik:-da]e, jBau, iJanett, Boeock,
liouhym , 5)iaitcb, ft ini'h, I'mn< tt, Hot v e P. < -lat k, John
!> Clatk, Clem'-ii-*. Cobb, John Cochiane, Cooper, Cox,
Jam^s Ciaiir, Billion Ciaige, Gtav.'iord. Davidson, John G.
JKivh. Reuben Da\ i-. He Jaincttc. Dimmiek, Edminid<on,
Ennli-.li. Florence, Fouke, Gatnett, Gartrell, Hamilton,
Tonn T. Ham.-, Hawktm, Hmdman, Ilohnan, Iiou-ton,
Howard, Hushes, Jackson, Jenkins, J one-, Kunkel. Lamsi.
Landium, Laiiabce. Ecake. Eosran, Love, Maelay, Ciiailc-s
1). Mai titi, Elbeir S. Mai tin, Mcllao, Mill-on. Montgomery,
{-a ie N Mom^Niblaek, Noell, Pendleton. Peyton, Phelps,
Pryor, Reagan, Jame-4 C. Robinson, Rufi'in, Ru-t,
Se'ou, S/Ckiep, Suinn-. Singleton, William Smith, Steven-
f on, Jamo^. A. Stevv.ut, Stour, Tajlor, Thomas, Undfi wood,
Vallandi^ham. Whiteley, Winslow. Wooci^on. and Wright.
For Mr- Gilmer—Mm*is. Gteen Adams, William O. An-
der-on, B:ab?on, Bi^tow, Erhcndue, J. AIom>on IJauis,
Hatton, Hill, Jame< M. Lead), Malloiy, Laban T Moore,
Nelson, (inailes, William N. 11. Smith, Stokes, and Web-
ster.
For Mr. CravfotO—Messrs Clopton, Curry, McQueen,
and Puuh.
For Mr. William X. JI. Smith—Messrs. Boteler, Haide-
inan, Maynaid, and Vance.
For Mr. McQueen—Messrs Bonbarrr and Miles.
For Mr. Stevenson—Mr. Bojce.
For Mr. Ethcridgc--Mr. Gilmer.
For Mr. Miles—Mr. Kcitt.
For Mr. Houston—Mr. McCleinand.
For Mr. Boycc—Mi. Sydenham Moore.
During the call of the roll, the following pro-
ceedings took place:
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, when his name was
called, said: I ask the permission of the House to
make a remark.
Mr.HUTCHINS. I lisetoa question of order*
In the first place, Mr. Clerk, I believe it to be out
of order, unless it be by general consent of the
House, to enter into discussion during a vote for
Speaker. I believe, m the second place, that it is
in violation of the spirit of the agreement entered
into last night that this vote should proceed with-
out debate.
Mr. BONHAM. I protest against that.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I make the point of order
upon those two grounds. I say that discussion
is not in order. In my judgment, I repeat that
debate during this \ ole is in violation of the agree-
ment of yesterday.
Mr. FLORENCE, I conceive that the gentle-
man from Ohio has made an argument instead of
a point of order, and I think that that argument
may be controverted upon the other side. If the
gentleman from Missouri differs from the gentle-
man from Ohio, he can, I suppose, state that dif-
ference.
Mr. CLEMEiXS. I hope that the gentleman
from the Ashtabula district of Ohio [Mr. Hutcii-
ins] will withdraw his objection. I am willing to
concede the fact that Mr. Pennington is to be
the Speaker of this House; but I submit to the
other side that they can gain nothing by suppress-
ing freedom of explanation. Let gentlemen on
this side who wish to define their position do so.
You have the advantage, and you can keep it.
The hour of triumph, gentlemen, is the hour of
magnanimity. [Cries of " Go on !" " Go on !"
from the Republican benches.]
i Mr. HUTCHINS. I withdraw my point of
j order.
I Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Before I cast my
' vote, 1 desire to make some explanation to the
House and to the country. I intend, sir, to vote
for Mr. McClernand, of Illinois. I did it yes-
terday, and I intend to do it to-dny. Before I cast
that vote, I want it understood that I do not agree
with that gentleman in reference to the power of
: a Territorial Legislature to exclude slavery. I
i regard Mr. McClernand as a Democrat, and a
i national man. He has acted with us in our organ-
| ization against the Republican party, and I expect
; to act with him m our effot la to prevent the elec-
tion of a Republican President. I vote#for him as
a Democrat who is national in his views. I differ
with him, as I have stated, on the territorial ojues-
■ tion. He is willing to submit that question, I un-
derstand, to the arbitrament of the national Dem-
ocratic convention. Iundorslandhimtobepiedged
1 to abide by the action of that convention. In my
; place, now, I say that I will vote for-the nominee
1 of that convention. I vote for Speaker for Mr.
I McClernand, of Illinois.
| Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did not raise the ques-
| tion of order on the gentleman from Missouri,
i bccausc it seemed to be the general desire that he
J should proceed with 3ns remarks. But I will
I submit to these discussions no further. I give
i due notice that I wdl raise the point upon friend
! or foe who undertakes during this vote to enter
' into a discussion. [Cries from the Republican
' benches of "That is right !*']
1 Mr. COBB, when his named was called, said:
1 wish to £jvp my reason for the vote I shall give.
■ Mr. UNDERWOOD. I call the gentleman to
order.
! Mr. COBB. I will be but a moment.
! Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will withdraw my
1 point this time.
! Mr. BONHAM. The gentleman from Ala-
bama has the right to make his remarks, and the
gentleman from Georgia cannot prevent him.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was disposed to with-
draw my point, but I now renew it; and I will.
not withdraw it under threat or menace.
Mr. BONHAM. I did not hear the gentleman
j withdraw it, or I would not have made the re-
] mark I did. If ihe gentleman renews his point,
i I again say the gentleman from Alabama has the
; right to nrocecd.
