1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2615
Mr. TOOMBS. But it seems other people are
not willing that the vote shall be taken. Judging
from the debate, this bill will take all the time;
and the special order for this hour will go over
again.
HOCMAS LAND GRANT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order being called for, the Chair announces that
the bill (S. No. 307) to repeal the second section
and other portions of an act passed the 2d day of
June, 1858, entitled " An act to provide for the
location of certain confirmed private land claims
in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes,"
and also to provide for the final settlement of cer-
tain private land claims in the State of Louisiana,
is now before the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I regret the
determination of the Senate to press the discus-
sion on this bill at the present session, because,
though I have heard a great deal on the subject
of title, I have heard but little argument as to the
question of the right of Congress to pass a law
such as is contemplated by this bill. On principle,
I am opposed to it, because I consider it in excess
of the powers of Congress; and I shall endeavor
to show that, as fully as I can, considering the
brief time I have had for the arrangement of my
own thoughts in reference to the question, though
my views are clear as to the unconstitutionality
of such a law, if passed.
The objection in point of unconstitutionality,
in my judgment, is this: the effect of the bill is
to divest a vested right of property, and it is not
competent for Congress to do that, unless it is
done for public purposes, and on just compensa-
tion made to the owner. The bill proposes to
divest, as I understand it, a vested right of prop-
erty. That is the legal effect of the repeal of the
second section of the act of 1858; and I shall en-
deavor to show that.
If Congress makes a grant of lands, whether
the grant has been made one year before, ten
years before, or one month before, if the grant
passes a title, Congress cannot recall its grantany
more than the Legislature of a State could do so,
and that on general principles. I presume that
will be admitted.
How stands this case? Is it not a case of an
attempt to recall a grant? That is the whole ques-
tion, in my judgment. The Congress of the United
States, after the treaty with France, in 1805, passed
a law for the purpose of severing the public do-
main from private property witlun the Territory
of Orleans or Louisiana, which had been acquired
under the treaty with France. Under that law,
they appointed commissioners, to whom, or a
majority of whom, they gave the right to decide
upon the claims presented to the board; and they
authorized either perfect or imperfect titles, as they
were called, to be presented to the board, making
it mandatory as to imperfect titles m order to give
any right at all, and leaving it permissive as to
perfect titles, whether they should do so or not.
Under the authority of that law—and for my pur-
pose it is perfectly immaterial whether tins title
was what is called." a perfect title under the lav/s
of Spain or France, or whether it was an imper-
fect title, for either could go before the board—the
claimants in this ease did go before this board of
commissioners, and an adjudication was made by
the board in their favor in 1806 or 1807. Unfor-
tunately-—and I think it has been the cause of all
the difficulties in this case—Congress saw fit to
require that all the decisions made by that board
of commissioners should be returned lo the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in order that they might
be laid before Congress for its final determination.
The returns were made by those commission! rs,
including the titles confirmed by the act of 1858,
and on these returns being made and coming be-
fore Congress, no action was had by Congress,
no determination was made bv them one way or
the other. The object of the law is express. After
giving the commissioners authority to decide on
all these claims, it provides, " which decisions
shall be laid before Congress in the manner liei e-
mafter directed, and be subject to their determ-
ination thereon." In order, then, to give validity
to this right of property which was vested (sub-
ject to the decision of Congress) by the decision
of the board of commissioners, Congress reserved
the power of final determination to the legislative
authority. Congress did not act on this case; they
would not determine it, either one way or the
other. It is admitted here now, that these grants
were perfect grants, and the only question, it is
said, is whether they covered more or less land;
but yet Congress would not even come to a de-
termination of whether they covered anything;
whether the grants were valid or not. They would
not put it into the power of the parties to go into
a court of justice, because having gone before the
tribunal appointed by Congress, and an appeal
having been made to us, we left them in a posi-
tion in which they could not be actors unless by
application to Congress. They were applicants to
Congress; and for nearly half a century itappears
that no action was taken; but finally, in 1858, Con-
gress, by the second section of the act which is
now sought to be repealed, did confirm, and con-
firmed without qualification, the reports of the
commissioners as to these titles.
Was not the effect of that confirmation (which
is the "whole question) to grant a vested title to
the parties? Did it not divest the entire public
interest in these lands' The rights of all third
persons are saved under the act, and they have
no cause of complaint, that I can sec; but the in-
tent, the object of the confirmation, its effect, was
to vest in the parties all claim or right which the
Federal Government could have to these lands,
even if it had possessed the entire right. There
is no distinction, that I can see, between the case
of a grant made by a patent (which is only an
evidence of title proceeding from an executive
officer) and a case where Congress pleases to
make a grant by legislative act itself without a
patent, which is equally good, and a case where,
as in this instance, there wore grants perfect and
imperfect arising under the laws of those coun-
tries that had formerly ruled Louisiana; andCon-
gress pleased .to confirm the grants previously
made by those authorities, without a judicial in-
vestigation by their own tribunals into the valid-
ity of the grants, and the extent of property that
they covered. Is there a difference ?
Sir, I cannot pretend now to go at large into
the argument of constitutionality. The Supreme
Court of the United States, in a variety of cases,
have decided the question. In the celebrated case
of Fletcher vs. Peck they held a law of a State
void, where the Legislature, on the ground of
alleged fraud on the part of individual members
in obtaining the passage of the first law, which
vested a right of property, passed a second law
making a different grant. The Supreme Court
held that the first law could not be repealed by
any such action of the Legislature; that the title
which passed was valid. They held this on two
grounds: not only because it was an executed
contract within the meaning of the Constitution,
but on the general principle that it was incon-
sistent with the organization of a republican Gov-
ernment and the provisions of the constitution of
the particular State in that ease to allow private
property to be so taken; and tli.it the Legislature
had no authority to determine on this question of
property.
If it be said that this was the case of a direct
grant in the first instance, surely no gentleman
will claim moie enlarged powers for Congress by
its legislation as to its grants, than exist ill the
State Legislatures, if this had been the case of
an absolute grant of this land by Congress, with-
out a patent, or any other evidence than the grant
itself, will any one doubt that the title would vest,
so far as the public had an mtei est in it, so far as
it belonged to the Federal Government, whether
you say it is a trustee, or whatever may be its
rights and position r if it disposes of the land by^
the grant, by the law itself, the title passes out of
the United States, and the United States cannot
disturb it, though it may be that there may be
! claimants paramount to our title, who would have
1 a right to assert a claim to it. That would be a
judicial right, on which Congress couid take no
action.
I am sneaking now of the effect of this bill,
which is to recall a grant made by this Govern-
ment—I say, as much a grant as if Congress
had "granted" the lands, instead pf using the
word ''confirmed." I cannot undertake to go
through all the authorities; but I have one before
me winch, at least so far as the opinion of the
court is concerned, exactly covers the case. In
Strother vs. Lucas, ]2Peters's reports, page 4o4,
Mr. Justice Baldwin, in delivering,the opinion of
the court, thus states the law:
"We must, then, take the defendant, as one,holding the
premises in controversy, by a grant from tile United States,
and as their grantee, entitled to ail the protection of the
laws appropriate to the case. The unanswerable reasoning
ot this court in Green vs. Liter, tile principles of-Jaw on
winch it is founded, with the admitted authority with which
it has been received, save the necessity of any reference to
any other source for its support. (8 Craneh, 244, 249.)
That a giant may be made by a law, as well as a patent
pursuant to law, is undoubted, (6 Craneh, 128) and a con-
firmation by a law i« as fully to all intents and purposes a
grant, as if it contained in terms a grantrfe nouo."
That is the opinion of the Supreme Court—in
this case 1 cannot express it better—that a con-
firmation is to all intents and purposes a grant,
as much as if it were a grant tie novo. yVhy
should it not be ? In the one case you grant lands
which, say, undeniably belong to you, to which
there is no claim of title by any person; you can-
not revoke that grant, you cannot recall it after
you have made the grant. In the other case,
under a transfer made to the United States, which
passes all the public domain subject to the rights
of private property of parties claiming under the
former jurisdictions which governed the Terri-
tory, Congress pass a law for the purpose of ad-
judicating what is public and what is private
property; the tribunal appointed by the United
States decides that this is private property to the
full extent that it is confirmed by the act of 1858;
and Congress, having reserved in that law the
right to determine as to the propriety of these de-
cisions, eventually, whatever may have been their
refusals and delays for so long a time, Congress
did confirm that title. Is there any difference be-
tween that and a case wher^Congress provided
that, after the commissioners had made their de-
cision, either theUmted Statcsor the party might
appeal to the Supreme Court, and that, on the
decision of the Supreme Court, the title should
become final and that the patent should issue as
was provided in regard to land claims in the State
of California? That is the mode in which the
business is transacted in California—much better,
in my judgment, than the mode provided in the
law of 1805. Is there any difference in principle?
Would it be contended that Congress could now,
by repealing a law under which they organized
the tribunals for deciding private land claims in
California, divest rights of property which have
accrued under the final decisions of the Supreme
Court? On principle, the one case cannot differ from
the other. If you choose to reserve to yourselves
the final determination, and you confirm the judi-
cial decision that has been made by your own
commissioners, where is the difference as regards
the vesting of title absolutely, and the case where
you provide an appeal to the judicial branch, and
that appeal, having settled the title, the law con-
tains, in the one case or the other, a direction to
issue a patent? The issuing of the patent is but
evidence. The confirmation parts with the title
and interest of the Government; and the irrepeal-
ability of the act arises from the confirmation and
the final decision. Rely upon it, Mr. President,
that if this case ever goes before the courts, you
will find that your repealing law will be disre-
garded as an excess of power; that you have no
such authority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
twelve having arrived, the unfinished business of
yesterday conies up as the first business now in
order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and proceed with this case until we get
through with it.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall not postpone
the unfinished business of yesterday. 1 must ask
for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to say, that my vote will be governed by
the wishes of the Senator from Delaware, very
much. If he desires to conclude his speech, I
will vote against postponing the subject now up.
If he prefers going on to-morrow morning, I will
vote ill that way.
Mr. BAYARD. It is perfectly immaterial to
me. I do not know that 1 shall take much more
time. I did not rise to make a speech beyond a
mere exposition of my own views of the Consti-
tution. I was not prepared to go further than
merely state the views I take of the effects of this
bill. 1 am at the pleasure of the Senate,. If they
