1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
651
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We will test the ques-
tion. I withdrew my point, but the gentleman
from South Carolina put me in the position of
being under menace.
Mr. BONHAM. I have already told the hon-
orable gentleman from Georgia that I did not hear
him withdraw his point of order, or else I would
not have made the remark I did. I did not mean
the remark I made as a menace; but when the
gentleman said that he should insist upon it, I felt
disposed to maintain the right which eveiy gen-
tleman upon this-floor has.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have as much right
as any other gentleman upon this floor, and I
have as much power and spirit to maintain it. I
intend to maintain that right.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman withdraw
his objection?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do, for the present.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Clerk, I am well satisfied that,
in all probability, 1 am going to part with four of
my colleagues upon this floor, and m doing so, I
trust this House will have the kindness to hear
me but for a moment. I intend to vote for Mr.
McClernand, of Illinois. 1 am satisfied, from
what I have learned, that Mr. McCi.ernand and
myself differ upon the squatter-sovereignty doc-
trinc. But let me tell you one thing I can do. I
have admired Mr. McClernand ever since 1 first
met him here; I believe it was the first session I
served in Congress, when I saw that gentleman
standing up for the rights of the Constitution,
when I saw him among only thirteen northern
Democrats who had the moral courage to vote
against the Wilmot proviso. And if I cannot
admire the doctrines of Mr. McClcrnand, 1 can
admire the scars I find upon him, inflicted by the
Republican party; yea, the soars inflicted by the
Republican party upon him in defending the Con-
stitution and the rights of the South. 1 know him
to be sound, except upon that one question, and
have we not, during this whole contest for organ-
izing this House, got up on divers occasions and
appealed to persons who entertained different
opinions from us, to lay aside those questions as
bygone conclusions, and to vote for a man differ-
ing with them upon certain questions ? I have
done it, and to-day I am going to do it again. In
my opinion, this is the last vote 1 shall probably
ever give for Speaker in my life, and in giving it,
I intend to vote for Mr. McClernand; and if 1
fall by that vote, let me fall; and if my constitu-
ents cannot, as 1 do,admire Mr. McClernand's
loyalty to the Constitution, and fidelity to the trust
reposed in him, let them consign me to private
life, and send some man here who will generate
'the flames of discord so that this Government
will crumble to atoms. I am for my country first,
and Mr. McClernand next. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, T mav state again that I am perfectly
satisfied that this is the last vote we shall cast for
Speaker during this contest. I am satisfied of it;
[laughter;.] and 1 will state one thing more and
yield the floor, i know, and you all know, that
with all the zeal any man could possess, T have
endeavored to defeat the Republican candidate.
I came here with open hands. I came here to
affiliate with men of every complexion of politics
except the Republicans, with a view to defeat that
party. I have done it; and I am going to make
my report to my constituents, who will make no
charge against me for not being faithful to my
trust.
I gave up this contest several days ago. I
thought the party upon the opposite side could
organize if they pursued the proper course, and it
reminds me of an article I read m the newspapers
a few days ago: An old lady, being run away
with by Her horse, said she trusted in Providence
until the breeching broke, and then she gave it
up. [Laughter.] I have thus far trusted m the
conflicting elements of opposition to the Black
Republican party, until the breeching broke, and
now I give it up. [Great laughter.]
Before I record my vote, I will say that I think
the fight has been a glorious one, and it reminds
me of what we boys used to say at school when
we wrestled, and tell neither on top of the other; |i
we called that a dop; fall; and if you elect Mr. Jj
Pennington, I shall just call it a dog fall. [Great ]j
laughter.] !]
Mr. HAMILTON, when his name was called, ■}
said: With the permission of the House I wish to jj
make a very few remarks, not so much to give the 11
reasons why I shall vote for Mr. McClernand , as
to state one of the many reasons why I will not
vote for the candidate upon the other side of the
House. Without attempting to enumerate all those
reasons, the one I now allude to is a fact which I
assume to exist from what dropped from the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris] two or three
evenings past, when giving his reason for with-
drawing his vote from Mr. Smitii, of North Caro-
lina, and transferring it to another gentleman. That
reason was briefly this: that he had felt it to be his
duty, as a Representative of the State of Penn-
sylvania, to approach that gentleman, and perpe-
trate the delicate act of asking him how he would
organize certain committees, or a certain commit-
tee, and not being able to extort from that gentle-
man an answer suited to his views, he felt it to be
his duty to withdraw his vote from him. I take it
for granted that, m this particular instance, he has
taken time by the forelock, and docs know how
the gentleman from New Jersey will organize that
committee, and for that reason—and there are a
thousand others—I would not vote for the gentle-
man upon the other side of the House. I vote
with great pleasure for the gentleman from Illinois,
Mr. McClernand.
Mr. KEITT. As this is to be the last vote, I
wish to make a remark or two before 1 give the
vote I propose to give. The late nominee of the
Republican party, [Mr. Sherman,] in his mourn-
ful valedictoi y to his desponding, or, it may be,
his deserting troops, saia—[cries of "Order!"
" Order!" from the Republican side.] No, gentle-
men; what I wish to say, I intend to say, and that
you may lely upon—said that he sought some
consolation in the fact that the ancient enemy of
his party was demoralized. Demoralized! how?
By seeking affiliations with other elements of op-
position to the Republican party. Pray, gentle-
men, how do you stand ? For eight weeks you
tried to elect your nominee, and you failed. How ?
Said this gentleman in that valedictory—and he
spoke with a touching sensibility—by the refusal
of gentlemen to allow the adoption of the plurality
rule. Failing to get a plurality rule, you had to
go to a majority rule. And how do you propose
to get that majority? By taking down your man
whose name had teen on this Helper pamphlet,
and taking up a man who is m favor of the fugi-
tive slave law.
A Member. As it now stands.
Mr. KEITT. Yes, sir; as it now stands.
Let me ask some of these gentlemen over hero
whether they think, in going for a man who is in
favor of the fugitive slave law—an old-line Whig,
as lie calls himself—that they do not demoralize
their party by affiliation ? You could not get this
floating body of opinion that was ready adroitly
to ally itself here and there—it may be for a recom-
pense. It is so said, and we will soon see. You
could not get this floating body of opinion on a
straight-out nominee of your party. So you took
him down, and put up a man -fvho is m favor of
the fugitive slave law; and the successor of Mr.
Giddmgs goes for him.
Now, let me esk, if affiliation demoralizes,
whether they arc not demoralized on that side5
Now, I am going to ask a question here which
I would not ask if it had not been invited. On
Friday last, when Mr. Smith, of JN orth Carolina,
was elected Speaker, he was discleeted by the
withdrawal ot certain votes; and the member from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris] declared it was be-
cause he would give no pledge as to the constitu-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means in re-
gard to Pennsylvania protection, or the protection
of the great industrial interests of the country—
whatever you wish to call it. Now, what 1 wish
to know is this: whether any pledge has been
given by the member from New Jersey. If so, it
is due to the House, and to fair play, that itshould
be known. This place is riot, to be won by traffic.
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Smith]—whatever his views are—said that if he
was to go into that chair he should go therewith
his hands untied by any pledges or any compro-
mises. He would go there as the Speaker of the
House; and the power of the chair put into his
hands, would not be wielded m favor of any par-
ticular interest. Now I wish to know whether
that pledge has been given.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Does the gen-
tleman address himself to mc>
Mr. KEITT. Yck,I<1o. [Cries of " Order!5']
Mr. CLEMENS. I take the responsibility of
maintaining Die same position with regard to the
candidate of the other side of the House that I
took in favor of our own candidate.
Mr. HINDMAN. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I beg my colleague
now to keep cool.
Mr. CLEMENS. I understand the question
of the gentleman from South Carolina to apply to
the gentleman from New Jersey.
Mr. HINDMAN. I call the gentleman from
Virginia to order.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia raise a point of order r
Mr. CLEMENS. I do.
The CLERK. If so, the gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to say this: if any
question be propounded to the gentleman from
New Jersey, I shall rise in my place and object
to it; and 1 make the point of order that no mem-
ber has a right, pending the vote, to submit inter-
rogatories to any candidate either on orje side or
the other.
Mr. KEITT. I did not submit any question
to the candidate.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
laises the question of order 
Mr. CLEMENS. I understand that the gen-
tleman from South Carolina does not intend to
interrogate the gentleman from New Jersey; and
so I withdraw my point of order. ,
Mr. PETT1T. I renew it. It is not in order
for the gentleman from South Carolina to interro-
gate any person.
Mr. KEITT. The most remarkable thing in
the world, Mr. Clerk! Why—not ask whether
there has been a pledge here?
Mr. PETT1T. My objection, Mr. Clerk, is,
that any person should take the floor for the pur-
pose of replying to the gentleman's question. X
am not objecting to any quantity of interroga-
tories which the gentleman from South Carolina
may see fit to propound. This is an occasion for
deeds, and not for words.
Mr. KEITT. What do you object to?
The CLERK. • The gentleman from Indiana
objects to any response to the interrogatories.
Mr. KEITT. Ah! lie objects to any reply.
Very well.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague [Mr. Mor-
ris] may reply when his name is called, if he
wishes to.
Mr. KEITT. The case stands thus: I am in-
vited to do it; and allow me to say that, if I had
not been invited, if every member had not been
invited, by the remarks of the member from Penn-
sylvania, to make the inquiry, I never should have
thought of making it.
The member from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris]
says he withdrew his vote from Mr. Smith, an
old-lino Whig, because he would give him no
pledge as to how he would constitute a certain
committee, or maybe all the committees. The
Committee of Ways and Means, I believe, was
specially spoken of. I, then,ask the gentleman,
when he goes to another man, whether that man
has givenhim any pledge? Is it not fair to ask it?
I say that, if pledges are given, they ought to be
known to the House; and we have a right, on our
responsibilities, to comment upon them as much
as we please; and I, for one, will comment justas
much as I please. I am trying to get at the fact
whether pledges have been given or not. The
members of the gentleman's own party rise and
object. Why? Is it because they are afraid
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania did" get a
pledge? Well, if he did get a pledge, do they say
that it is right or wrong to give a pledge? If they
say it is right, then do they object to their candi-
date doing what is right? Let me tell you that,
by your sealing your lips, you put your party in
the position of acknowledging the charge that your
candidate, to get votes, did make a pledge; and
you know the pledge to be unjust and improper;
and allow me to say that, so far as the member
from Pennsylvania is concerned, by your refusing
permission "to him to answer the inquiry thus
invited and thus put, you stigmatize him him-
self.
Now, one step further. I understand that the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Pennington]
stands on the same platform with the gentleman
