1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wr
that it will be necessary to have a call of the
House, and that it will make it very late jf a vote
is taken to-night.
Mr. GROW". I asked the question because
gentlemen are anxious to know. If much more
time is to be occupied in discussion, and we are
to have a call of the House, it will be as well to
have the previous question sustained to-night, and
let the vote go over until morning.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think we might as well
take the vote to-night.
Mr. GROW. Very well; I am agreed to that.
"Mr. GARNETT addressed the House in op-
position to the. bill. [His remarks will bo pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
In the course of his speech the following inter-
ruptions took place:
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he intends to
ask for a vote on this bill to-night?
Republican Members. Certainly, certainly.
Mr. GROW". I believe the understanding on
both sides of the House was, that the gentleman
from Virginia should be heard; that I should close
up in some ten minutes, and then we should have
the vote. 1
Mr. BURNETT. There was no such under-
standing. One gentleman on this side responded
to that proposition; but that was all.
Mr. GROW. Let me state the facts. I asked
the House to agree that we should have the vote
this evening. One gentleman said if it was to bo
understood that the gentleman from Virginia was
to be lieaid to-night, he should make no objec-
tion. No one else objected, and I took it for
granted that that was the understanding on all
sides.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I asked the question, be-
cause one of my colleagues is absent, and he de-
sired that he should be sent for if a vote was to
be taken this evening.
Several Voices. Send for him.
Mr. GROW. I propose, after the gentleman
from Virginia shall have concluded, to call the
previous question. When that is sustained, I
shall occupy not exceeding ten minutes of the time
of the House, and then the question can be voted
on.
Several Voices. Let us vote to-morrow.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I propose, then, Mr.
Speaker, that the previous question be called this
evening, and the vote taken to-morrow at one
o'clock. That will suit all parties. Some gen-
tlemen are absent. I am informed by the gentle-
man from Ohio that one of his colleagues is absent
who desires very much to vote on this bill.
Mv. GROW. The colleagues who are absent
can be sent for within the fifteen or twenty min-
utes that will be occupied before the vote is com-
menced.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Certainly; that can be
done, unless the vote be postponed until to-mor-
row. I would prefer, however, that the vote
should be taken to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. Gentlemen have come to me to
know whether the vote would be taken this even-
ing, and I have told them that it was my intention
to ask for a vote to-night. I presume that all
gentlemen are present except the two mentioned,
and they can be sent for. We may as well have
the question disposed of to-day. "There are two
special orders for to-morrow.
Mr. GARNETT resumed.
Mr. LARRABEE. I want to inquire^of the
gentleman from Virginia 
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to interruptions.
Mr. BRANCH. As the gentleman from Min-
nesota was allowed to interrupt the gentleman
from Virginia, 1 hope there will be no objection
to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. LARRABEE. I was informed that the
gentleman from Virginia had made a remark as
to the people of Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to interruptions.
Mr. LARRABEE. It shows that the gentle-
man from Virginia is as ignorant as respects the
people of the North as many northern members
' are as respects the people of the South.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin is out of order. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARNETT resumed, and concluded his
remarks.
Mr. GROW. I call for the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. With the permission ofthe
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I want to make a
suggestion, and it is this: I have made a motion
to recommit this bill, with instructions. To meet
the views of gentlemen who desire to have this
matter disposed of, I propose to withdraw the
motion to recommit, if the gentleman will give
me an opportunity to offer an amendment, which
will cover the object proposed by that motion.
Mr. GROW. No, sir; I cannot yield for any
purpose of amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am sure that the
chairman of the committee will not object to the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee, as
it is only a substitute for a proposition already
pending.
Mr. GROW. I must decline to yield.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated the first question to be
on the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee',
to recommit the bill, with instructions.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, it is not my in-
tention to trespass long upon the attention of the
House at this time. . 1 propose merely to make a
brief statement in reference to the points which
have been discussed, and shall not trespass upon
the patience of the House for more than ten min-
utes.
Mr. LARRABEE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to make a few remarks.
I will not occupy more than five minutes? [Cries
of "Into!" "No, "and "Object! "from the Repub-
lican benches.]
Mr. GROW. I should have no objection my-
self; but I am at the mercy of the House, because
I am trespassing upon its patience at this late
hour of the day. If nobody else objects, I cer-
tainly will not. [Cries of " Object!" from the
Republican benches.]
Mr. LARRABEE. I trust no one on the other
side of the House will object.
Mr. EDGERTON and others objected.
Mi. GROW. Mr. Speaker, three questions
have been raised in this discussion, and they are
the same that would naturally tirise in any appli-
cations of Territories for admission into the Union
as States, to wit: as to its boundaries, its territo-
rial area, and its population.
Mr. LARRABEE. I wish to give notice that,
whenever"! get the floor, I will reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gar-
nett.] [Loud cries of" Order!"]
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, as to the bounda-
ries of this pioposed State, they are the same as
those proposed m what is known as the Toombs
bill—which passed the Senate in 1856, receiving
the vote of every Democrat—with the excep-
tion ofthe western boundary, which was the one
hundred and third meridian of longitude instead
ofthe one hundred and second, as proposed in this
bill. I wish the House to bear in mind that there
has never been, in all the bills and projects which
have been submitted to Congress, any variation
proposed in the boundary of Kansas, except in
reference to its western limits; I shall, therefore,
confine my remarks on the boundaries to that
alone.
The bill which passed the Senate, and to which
T have referred, made the one hundred and third
meridian the western boundary. The State con-
stitution presented to-day makes the one hundred
and second meridian the western boundary. In
the last Congress, Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, re-
ported a bill for tile organization of a Territory
out of the western part of the Territory of Kan-
sas, to be called Jefferson; making the western
boundary of Kansas the one hundred and first
meridian oflongitude. Sofar, therefore, as bound-
aries are concerned, we have the action of both
Houses of Congress approving the boundary sub-
stantially as fixed in this bill. _ _ .
As to territorial area, Kansas contains, withm
the prescribed limits, over eighty-five thousand
square "miles; an area greater than that of any
State in theUmon, except that of Texas, Oregon,
or Minnesota.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Docs not that in-
clude this very Indian territory '
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will wait a little
I will answer li is question. I have kept my seat
while lie and others, who think with him, have
been arguing their points, intending to answer
them when I should have the floor.
As to boundaries and territorial area, then, there
can be no objection to the admission of the State.
I come now to population. Oft this point there
is the action of both Houses of Congress, on two
separate and distinct occasions,-declaring, by a
majority vofe, that there was sufficient popula-
tion in Kansas for a State at the time the"vote was
cast, the last one of which was two years ago.
As to a voting population, Kansas, by the official
record under the proclamation of her Governor,
shows over seventeen thousand voters, under a
registry requiring six months' residence.
There arc one hundred and fifty-two congres-
sional districts in the Union which, at the last
congressional election, did not poll seventeen thou-
sand votes. This fact, I take it, disposes of the
whole question as to whether it is proper to ad-
mit a State into the Union with less population
than is requisite for congressional representation.
The number of voters disposes of the question of
political power. The precise number of popula-
tion in this ease, it seems to me, can be of no ma-
terial consequence.
There was a law passed the Territorial Legis-
lature of Kansas, in 1859, requiring the assessors of
their respective counties to take an assessmcntof
the property in the Territory, and at the same time
to make a registry of voters. Under that law, the
assessors took a registry of voters; and, in doing
it, in some cases they took the population also,
and in others they did not; therefore the census,
to which gentlemen have referred, is incomplete,
because there was no law requiring the popula-
tion to be taken; but the voters only were to be
registered. The assessors had power to swear
witnesses, and make a registry of the voters of
the Territory. That was done, and that regis-
tered list shows, as gentlemen have stated, over
twenty thousand voters. The returns were made
to the officers of each county, and not to any ter-
ritorial officer. Therefore, there was no way to
get an official copy of all these returns without a
great deal of trouble, because there was no officer
of the Territory to whom they were all to be sent.
So much in regard to that point. ^ And now in
relation to the point of Indian treaties and rights,
which seems to be the only one relied on to de-
feat the admission of Kansas at this time. After
four years of conflict in Congress over Kansas;
after two heated political struggles for her admis-
sion into the Union as a State, it is just discov-
ered that her admission would be in violation of
the solemn treaties of the nation, and would be
trampling in the dust a feeble and inoffensive peo-
ple, fast passing from the face of the earth. There
was no such expression of sympathy by gentle-
men on the other side of the House two years or
four years ago, in their fierce struggles to obtain
a victory over the people of Kansas. Yet now,
when the people of Kansas, in a legal and peace-
able manner, have formed a government for them-
selves, and ask us to permit them to exercise the
right of self-government, you propose to deny it
to them on the plea that it would be a violation
uf treaties with certain Indian tribes. And pa-
thetic appeals arc- made in behalf of the Indian by
men who turned a deaf car to the woes of the pi-
oneers of the Territory, and Congress is implored
not to grant to its people their right of self-gov-
ernment.
The rights of the Indian tribes should be most
jealously guarded, not only to preserve the faith
of the Government, but as an act of justice to a
race of men who are fast passing away. It will
be but a few years at best before the last of the
race will have no home save on the hunting grounds
ol the Great Spirit. The time is not far distant
when the civilization of western Europe and the
regenerated civilization of eastern Asia, making
the circuit of the globe, shall commingle on the
crest ofthe Rocky Mouutains and blot out forever
the last representative of the Indian tribes from the
generations of living men. Destiny has stamped
such a fate upon the annals of his race, and time
is fast fulfilling the decree. The march of empire,
of science, and of civilization, cannotbe stayed by
the rude barriers of savage life. Yet, sir, I would
not needlessly hasten the day when the last red
man shall behold in himself the inevitable doom
of his race. .
But, sir, how are the Indians'rights invaded
how infringed by this bill ? It is true the Govern-
ment made a treaty with them, by which they
were never to be placed within the territorial urn-
