230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Position of Parties—Mr. Diocll.
Ho. of Reps.
assaults, relying upon posterity to do him that
undisputed justice which the heat of present par-
tisanship will not allow. The result of 1860; the
success of his party; the establishments'another
administration upon his principles; the downfall
of the allies, shall be the signal and the fust step in
his vindication.
I have end more, Mr. Chairman, and gentle-
men of the committee, than I had intended. I rose
to-defend the Democratic party, and in so doing
I have become an accuser of the Republican party..
I do not shrink from the responsibility of the po-
sition. I thought that silence was subject to mis-
construction. Either one of my two Demo-
cratic colleagues—for we arc but three, all told—
would hare done bettor; but they have deferred
this duty to me, as their senior in service. I have
faith, great, abiding, in the intelligence, discrim-
ination, and patriotism of the people. I believe
the year 1860 will bo eventful m prostrating for-
ever many of the political heresies of our oppo-
nents. My own State, the keystone of the arch,
lxas opened the canvass with spirit, and witli a de-
termination to achieve victory. Of the result there
no one can doubt. True to the Constitution, true
to law, true to liberty, and true to the yuion,
Pennsylvania's vote will bo largely in favor of
Democracy. She stops not to inquire about men;
principles guide her; and the nominee of the
Charleston convention, presented upon a platform
broad and sound enough for all national men,
East, West, North, and South, to stand upon,
will assuredly have her vote. With Democratic
success, the whole nation will rejoice. With a
firm and oncrgetic man for President, one by
whom the mantle of Jackson may be gracefully
borne—and of the nomination of such a one I have
great hope—these miscreant political disturbers of
the nation's peace will be thrown
"To the vile diibt from whencc they sprung,
Uiuvcpt, unhonoretl, and unsung.''
POSITION OP PARTIES.
SPEECH OF* HON. R. H. DUELL,
OF NEW YORK,
In tiif. House of Representatives,
Jpril n, 1800.
Tho House being in tbe Commtttee of the Whole on tbe
state of the Union—
Mr. DUELL said:
Mr. Chairman: There is no better way of test-
ing the soundness of political creeds and party
measures of the present day, than to recur to the
principles which were enunciated by the founders
of the Union under which we live.
I shall, therefore, commence my remarks by
reading from Air. Jefferson, who declared the es-
sential principles of our Government to be:
"Equal and exact justice to all men, of wh.itov.or state
or persuasion, religious or political; pt$ee, commerce, and
honest friendship with all nations, entangling alliances
with none; a jealous care ot the light of election by the
people; absolute acquiescence in the decision of the ma-
jouty,tlie vital principle of Republics, fiont which is no ap-
peal but to force, the vital priuoiple and immediate parent
of* despotism; economy in the public expenditures, that
labor may be lightly burdened ; the honest payment of our
debts, and sacicd preservation of the public taith; encour-
agement of agriculture, and ot commeice as its handmaid ;
the diffusion of information, and arraignment of all abuses
at thabar of the public reason; freedom of leiigion, fiee-
dorn of the pioss, and ficedomof pcr.-on under the protec-
tion of the habeas corpus; and trial by juries, impartially
selected. These principles [continued Mi. Jetferson] loim
the bright constellation which has gone before us, and
guided our steps through an age of revolution and leforiu-
ation. The wisdom of our sages* and blood of our heioe*
have been devoted to their attainment; they should be the
creed of our political faith, the text of civic instruction,
the touchstone by which to try the mtviccs of tho.se we
trust; and .should we wander irom them in moments of
error or of alatm, let us ha?ten to letrace our step>, and to
regain the road winch alone leads to peace, libeity, and
satety."
Mr. Chairman, no one can read this declaration
of Mr. Jefferson without feeling some disposition
to inquire whether the principles here laid down
have shaped the administration of this country for
the last eight years. If there has been a departure
from these principles, the party in power must be
held responsible; for that party has had undis-
puted control of the Federal Government, m all
its great departments. I shall endeavor to show,
that upon some of the questions of the day it has
widely departed from the doctrines of Jefferson
and the early fathers. Before i proceed, how-
ever, to this part of my subject, I wish to notice
a charge sometimes made:'that the Republican
party is responsible for the prominence of the sla-
very question.
Sir, when Mr. Fillmore retired from the Presi-
dency the era of good feeling- had been restored,
and not a threatening speck appeared in the polit-
ical horizon. Although the compromise measures
of 1850 were distasteful to many at the North,
they were acquiesced in, and no disposition was
manifested to disturb them. President Pierce, in
his first message to Congress,in December, 1833,
declared that the compromise measures had re-
stored harmony and repose to the public mind
.throughout the whole Confederacy; and he pledged
himself, in the most solemn manner, that that re-
pose should not, if he could prevent it, receive
any shock during his official term. And yet, sir,
within two months from that time, a proposition
to repeal the Missouri compromise was sprung
upon the country, without notice, without intima-
tion, and without being called for by any great
public exigency. The Democratic party repealed
the Missouri compromise,and thus opened anew
the agitation of the slavery question. To prove
this, 1 will refer to other than Republican au-
thority. Said ex-President Fillmore, in his let-
ter to the Union meeting in New York, the past
winter:
" But in an evil hour this Pandora's hot of slavery was
again opened, by what I conceive to be an unjustifiable at-
tempt to toico slavery into.Kansas by a icp"al of the Mis-
souri compromise, and the flood of evils now swelling and
threatening to overthrow the Constitution, and sweep
away the louudation of the Government itself, and deluge
this land with liaternal blood, may all be traced to this un-
fortunate act. Whatever might have been the motive, lew
acts have ever been so barren of good, and so fruitful of
evil."
Mr. Chairman, these are historical facts, and
cannot be denied. What have we seen during
this session of Congress? This Hall had hardly
been opened, and the members seated, before the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Clark] introduced
ins resolutions in regard to the Helper book; and
for eight weeks the Democratic members occupied
nearly the whole time of the House in diseus.smg
tho merits of slavery, and m denouncing those who
did not.su bscnbe to its new and alarming demands.
This discussion is aconclusive answer to the claim
set up by northern conservatives, that the slavery
agitation is at an end. Sir, tho friends and sup-
porters of African slavery will never cease the agi-
tation of this question, so long as a single slave or
a single foot ofunoccupied territory remains in the
United Slates. It has been truly said, that if all
parties could agree to-day that the territorial sla-
very question should henceforth be 110 more dis-
cussed, the slavery debate would rage as fiercely
as ever to-morrow, over a homestead law, a river
and harbor bill, a Pacific, railroad, or a tariff bill.
Ever since the Democratic party repealed the Mis-
souri compromise, the question has come up in
every new measure, mingled with every issue,
and entered into every contest, however remote
or distinct from it. Its ablest defender upon this
floor [Mr. Curry] uttered a well-known truth
when he said, the other day:
" African slavery is now a fixed fact," * v * *
it-? duel product is kmc
And he might have added, with truth, that it
shapes the legislation of the country, controlsour
policy with foreign nations, makes and unmakes
Presidents, and is " the power behind the throne,
greater than the throne itself."
Now, sir, having shown, as I think, by the
light of history, that the leadeis of the Democratic
party are responsible for the agitation ofthis ques-
tion, I proceed to show in what respect that party
has wandered from the path marked out by the
fathers of this Republic.
Mr. Chairman, the Democratic party came into
power sixty years ago, advocating the great prin-
ciple of the equal rights of man. The paramount
doctrine of that party was the maintenance of per-
sonal rights against the encroachments of prop-
erty. I challenge a denial of tins well-known
fact. It claimed, likewise, to be the protector of
the poor as against the rich, of the weak as against
the strong, of the many as against the few. It
scouted the idea that to be born poor, or even to
be but moderately endowed by nature, furnished
any ground for political disfranchisement. It en-
ergetically opposed all aristocratic and class dis-
tinctions. It uniformly denied that either birtu
or wealth gave any title to political power. The
only right to office which it recognized was tho
free choice of the majority. It protected, with
jealous care, the liberty of speech and of the press.
It strongly insisted that, however men might dif-
fer m other things, they were at least entitled to
political equality. Of course, the founders of the
Democratic party who professed these principles
did not attempt to excuse or justify African .sla-
very. From the time Mr. Jefferson entered public
life, down to the day of his death, no public man
denounced the institution of slavery in stronger
terms. As early as 1774, he said:
"The abolition of domestic slavery is the great objcct of
desire in these colonies, where it was unhappily mtioduced
in their infant,state."5
After th<j,ti'eaty of peace, in 1783, lie said:
"One day of American slavery is worse than a thousand
years of that which wo iojc in aims to oppose.^
Alluding to insurrections, he said:
" The Almighty has no attribute that can take side with
us in such a contest." * * * w * *
" The whole commcicc between master and slave is a
perpetual exeicisc of the most boisterous passions—the
lnustumcmittmgdcspotisin on the one part, and degrading
submission on the other."
In a letter to a friend, in 18^,4, he made use of
the following language:
" Your favor of July 31 \vn*> duly received, and read with
peculiar pleasure. The sentiments do honor to tho head
and heart ot the wnter. Mine on thesubjeetof thcMaveiy
of ncgioes have long since been in the possession ot tho
public, and time has only served to give them stiongcr root.
The love of justice, and the love of countiy plead equally
the cause of the e people, and it is a reproach to that
they should have pleaded it so long in vain." * *
" We must wait with patience the woikings of an over-
ruling Piovidenec, and hope that that is preparing tbe de-
liverance of these our brethren. When the measure of
their tears shall be lull, when their groans shall have in-
volved heaven itself in daikness, doubtless a God of justice
will awaken to their distress. Nothing is more certainly
wiitton in the book of fate, than that this people shall be
free."
In a letter to James Heaton, on this same sub-
ject, dated May 20, 1826, only six weeks before
his death, he says:
3Iy sentiments have been forty years before the public.
Had 1 lepeatcd them forty tlme>, they would have only
bccome the more stale and threadbare. Although 1 shall
not live to see them consummated, they will not die with
me."
I might likewise cite the opinions of Washing-
ton, Madison, Monroe, and Patrick Iienry, de-
nouncing slavery, and lamenting it as a social,
political, and moral evil, from which they de-
voutly hoped that a good Providcnce would in
some way relieve them. I refer to them because
they were men of the South.
Iiow is it with the Democratic party now? We
find that party—or what r^mainsof it—the special
and peculiar advocate of certain alleged rights of
property. In those States where this party is in
power, the liberty of speech, liberty of the press,
and even liberty of opinion, is sacrificed to the
security of these alleged rights of property. Itis
no longer the lights and interests of the many with
wluch the Democratic garty concerns itself, but
the rights and interests of the few. The laboring
men, whose voices and votes raised that party to
power, are sneered at as " hard-fisted farmers"
and "greasy mechanics," who are only looked
after when election day comes. It seeks the wel-
fare of the few as against the many, of the strong
as against the weak, of the rich as against the
poor. It insists that poverty is a crime, and the
possession of wealth a mark of superior merit.
It has thrown itself into the arms of the wealthy
slaveholders of the South, to whom it calls for aid,
not in tho name of liberty and personal rights, but
in the name of property.
Being thus tiansformed, it is now zealously at
work to perpetuate and extend Afiican slavery.
To carry forward its work, and under pretense
of love for the Constitution, it seeks to transform
the nature of our Federal Government likewise.
Slavery is to be declared a Federal institution
through the judicial decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and so extended into
all of the Territories, and, if necessary, reestab-
lished in the free States. A congressional code
for the protection of slavery in the Territories is
to be enacted. New soil is to be obtained from
