2616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
decide to go on with this, very well, it is per-
fcetlyimmaterial to me whether they proceed with
it now or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The business
first in order at this hour is the bill for the admis-
sion of Kansas. The pending question is the
motion of the Senator from Georgia, to postpone
that bill and all other orders, in order to continue
the consideration of Senate bill No. 307.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Brown, Chesnut, Clingman, Crit-
teiiden, Davis, Fitzpatriek, Green, Hemphill, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham,
Mallory, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian,
Toombs, and Ynlee—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham. Bright, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkce, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Sew-
ard, Snpmons, Sumner, Ten Eyclt, Tliomion, Tiumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
ADMISSION OP KANSAS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. It. No.
23) for the admission of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, when the Senate
adjourned yesterday evening I had stated a few
reasons why the application of a State for admis-
sion into the Union should receivc more serious
consideration than almostany other question that
can come before this body; one of which was
this: ordinary legislation, even if it be mistaken,
if it be an error, may be corrected at a subsequent
session by this body; but the admission of a State
is in the nature of Ewcompact, and when it is once
made, is complete; if an error, it can never be
rectified by the action of Congress. Hence the
necessity, hence the propriety, hence the import-
ance of considering very deliberately before we
vote to admit any new State into this Confederacy.
I might, in this connection, name a very familiar
instance which will como up very appropriately
in some remarks that I propose to make, not in
the character of a speech, but simply as explana-
tory of the amendments that 1 intend to propose
and the votes I intend to give on these proposi-
tions. California applied for admission into the
Union, and was admitted. California was ad-
mitted under the stress and foree of circumstances;
and had they been different, California would not
have been admitted with the boundary she now
has; yet California was admitted with her bound-
ary, and now applications have come in our Sen-
ate, during this session, praying us to change her
boundary, proposing to cut off six counties upon
the south,and asking us togivean extension upon
the east line, which would include Caj son's val-
ley. It has been considered in the committee of
the Senate, and decided that wc have not the power
to do it.
Here is an instance which should impress itself
upon the rccollection*of all Senators. If we err
in the admission of a State, that error may be per-
petual and beyond our power to rectify it. It
ought to have this effect upon our minds, and only
this effect: to give the most calm and considerate
investigation to the application of Kansas. Does
she comc before us under circumstances, with a
population, with boundaries claimed, that com-
mend her admission to our approbation? Ifnot,
we should remember that if we en* now we can-
not rectify it; it stands like the laws of the Modes
and Persians, beyond our power to reach. But
immaterial matters we ought to pass by, and we
ought to do it under this consideration: by the
treaty of Louisiana, under which we acquired this
Territory, there was a pledge and a promise that
we should admit States, and 1 feel as much bound
as any Senator in this body to admit Kansas; but
m the admission, I must take into consideration
the state of the Union, the condition of the Ter-
ritory, the population, and the boundaries; all
of which constitute matters proper for our con-
sideration.
Now, sir, I claim that Kansas, when she comes
with proper boundaries, with an adequate popu-
lation, under such circumstances that we can
safely intrust sovereignty and jurisdiction to her,
ought to be admitted, and we are bound to admit
her under the guarantees of the treaty of Lousi-
ana. I will go further than that, and say that
whether Kansas comes with a provision to pro-
tector to prohibit slavery will make no difference
in my vote. It will not for various reasons. Un-
der the Constitution of the United States'I have
no right to discriminate between a State tolerat-
ing, and a State that does not tolerate, domestic
slavery. As a question of right, as a question
of principle belonging to the people, it is not for
Congress to say whether they should have slavery
or no slavery, and as a question growing out of
the Kansas bill under which the territorial gov-
ernment has been organized, I am precluded from
inquiringintothatquestion. Hence!say,whether
Kansas has slavery in her constitution or no sla-
very, it makes no difference with my vote or with
my judgment. If I were a citizen of Kansas, I
should exert my judgment, my right of speech,
and attempt to influence them in favor of domestic
slavery; but not being a citizen there, I have no
right to do it, nor will it influence my vote here.
Hence, I say, under the Constitution, under the
Louisiana treaty, under the common public sen-
timent of the day, under the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, whether she has slavery or no slavery is not
a subject-matter inquiry for this body. Phere
are, however, other matters that we have a right
to look into. I will not discuss whether slavery
is right or wrong. I will not insult the Senate
and the country by stopping to discuss questions
over which we have no jurisdiction; for when
Senators admit that Congress has no right to
interfere with slavery in the States, arid still get
up and contend that it is morally, religiously, po-
litically, and socially wrong, they stultify them-
selves, and deserve the condemnation of the coun-
try; and upon the other side, when they deny the
power of Congress to interfere with this social
relation in the States, and contend that it is mor-
ally right, and socially i ight, and politically right,
and economically right, they stultify themselves
in discussing it here, for we have no jurisdiction;
we have no right to discuss the question here. If
we have no power to interfere with it, leave it out
of your discussions; and when you claim the right
of speech, your right of speech depends upon the
circumstances under which you are placed. If
you arc acting in a legislative body, that right of
speech depends upon the question before the body,
and the power of that body to act upon those
questions. If you are upon the stump, without
limitation except your mere rights as a citizen,
talk as you please; nobody will complain. Hence,
I have asserted, and repeat, that whether Kansas
has slavery or no slavery is not a subject of in-
quiry. I shall support her admission into the
Union because of the reasons that I have stated.
It is a guarantee under the treaty; it is right under
the Constitution; and it is m conformity with the
practice of the Government, which the people go-
ing there had a right to suppose wc would carry
out in the future. But having stated this, it does
not follow that I will vote for admission with the
constitution she nowpresents, fori will not. Am
I to be charged with inconsistency in this? I tell
you, nay. I have no right to look into her con-
stitution beyond two points:.one is to see whether
it be republican in form; the other, is to see what
extent of boundary she claims, and whether that
boundary conflicts with any of the obligations of
our present Government. This confederated Gov-
ernment has incurred obligations with the Indian
tribes, with foreign Governments, and with its co-
States, none of which ought to be violated by the
admission of a new State; none of which shall be
violated hy any vote that I can cast. Hence, I
shall propose amendments to the hill proposing
to admit Kansas unconditionally. The House
bill which is now before us for consideration pro-
poses to admit Kansas without any qualifica-
tion, without any condition, without imposing
anything else upon her than that contained m
her constitution. Is it right to do so? I say it
is not, and that we should be violating our duty
to do it. Of course, when I say that we would
be violating our duty to do it, I speak for myself,
for I do not mean to impugn the motives of oth-
ers; and my emphatic manner of speaking is too
often misconstrued as impugning their motives,
when I speak only for myself.
Now, to understand this question, it is neces-
sary to go back a little into the history of Kan-
sas. I will do so in order to bring it up to the
proper understanding of the Senate. The Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill was passed in 1854, As soon
as that bill passed, and almost as soon as the ink
became dry by which the President approved it,
a combination was formed for the purpose of col-
onizing and abolitionizing Kansas. That com-
bination applied, I presume, to Massachusetts
for a legislative act to give them a legal form and
a corporate1 character. It passed. It was called
the Emigrant Aid Society. They commenced
with a predetermination,a fixed purpose, and an
avowed object; and that was, to colonize Kansas
with Abolitionists. Now, I hold that if the Ter-
ritories belong to all the States no one State has
a right to step in by a legislative enactment to
superinduce a train of circumstances which in its
effect would appropriate the whole of that Terri-
tory to herself. It brought about a counteraction
in the State of Missouri, not by legislative act,
because Missouri knows her duty. Missouri
stands by all the provisions of the Constitution.
Missouri never violates them; and if her citizens
do, they are punished according to law. Missouri
citizens undertook to counteract them; and, as
they had the right to ostracize themselves from
the State, to go there and counteract the machina-
tions of this Emigrant Aid Society. It brought
about a conflict. Collision ensued. An election
took place. It resulted in a certain way. The
Emigrant Aid Society and their adherents de-
clared that they would not submit to law and or-
der. They declared that the action—I mean ex-
actly what I say—that the action of that election
was not legal, and that they would not submit to
it. While it had the majority; while the census
showed that a majority came from the slave States,
and the presumption was they brought theirpre-
viously-conceived sentiments with them, they still
said they would not submit to it. They were
armed with Sharpe's rifles, and preachers of the
Gospel, on Sabbath days, asked contributions of
Sharpe's rifles.
These arc unpleasant things to refer to, and I
only do it to recount a little of the circumstances
that led to the formation of these constitutions in
Kansas. Collision ensued. The regular territo-
rial government went into operation. It passed
its laws. Some may have been right and some
wrong, like the laws of all States and all Terri-
tories; yet this defeated party determined never
to submit; and they held a convention at Topeka
and adopted a constitution, and resolved to put
it into operation. Further than that, they oigan-
ized a sccrct legion to enforce it with military
power. In conformity with the Constitution?
No. In conformity with law ? No. In conform-
ity with right? No. But right or wrong, legal
or illegal, constitutional or unconstitutional, they
were determined to accomplish their ends.
That constitution came up here and was pre-
sented, and the whole events and circumstances
that had transpired in Kansas were brought be-
fore a committee of the Senate, and before this
body, and investigated. The Senate decided that
the territorial organization was legal, was proper,
was just, and that the Topeka movement was rev-
olutionary and insurrectionary. At the same ses-
sion, the Senate passed a bill authorizing them,
when they had a certain amount of population,
to be admitted; for be it remembered that, at that
time, Kansas had not exceeding twenty-five thou-
sand inhabitants, and yet, with only twenty-five
thousand inhabitants, with that illegal proceeding,
with that revolutionary movement bolstered up
and sustained only by the secret legion headed by
General Lane,the Senatorfrom Vermont repoitcd
in favor of the admissionof the State with twenty-
five thousand inhabitants. I mean voted in com-
mittee, and made a report in favor of it; and I
think the most of his Republican friends stood with
him on that. Well, sir, Congress rejected it.
Congress refused to admit such a revolutionary
State, born in a revolution, nurtured by insurrec-
tion, sustained by a secret legion. They said it
should not be admitted. It was not admitted;
and at the same session a bill was proposed thai
as soon as the Territory had ninety-three thou-
sand four hundred and twenty inhabitants they
might form a constitution.
All that took place in the year 1855. Events
continued to follow in the Territory of Kansas.
In 1857 a convention was held again at Lecomp-
ton, for the purpose of forming a constitution,
The population had greatly increased. The pop-
ulation at that time was believed to be from
eighty to ninety thousand inhabitants; whether
truly ur not, I am not able to say* It was be1d 
and this revolutionary party, that had foimed the
secret legion to carry out their design by military
