1672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
its of any State. Granted. When Kansas and
Nebraska were organized as Territories, there
was a provision in the bilJ that they should never
be included within the limits of the Territory or
State. Congress excluded them from the civil ju-
risdiction ofthe Territory orState. That was done
in the organization of these Territories. When it-
was proposed to admit Kansas as a State under
the Lecompton constitution, the same clause was
inserted; and in this bill there is to be some pro-
vision, providing that the territory occupied by
these Indians shall bo excepted out of the bound-
aries, and shall form no part pf the State of Kan-
sas, until the tribes shall signify their assent to
be placed within the limits of the State. It is pro-
vided expressly that nothing in the boundaries
/specified in this bill, that nothing in the bound-
aries as fixed in their constitution, shall be so con-
strued as t^ include the lands belonging, to these
Indians,.until they shall have relinquished their
rights over them.
Gentlemen have referred to Georgia as a par-
allel case to this. Sir, Georgia was one of the
original colonies which formed this Government
by delegating to it a part of their sovereignty.
Yet now, when it is proposed to erect a State out
of territory over winch this Government has ex-
clusive jurisdiction, cannot you reserve what por-
tion you please from the jurisdiction of the people
to whom you delegate those powers of govern-
ment? And when you delegate to them jurisdic-
tion, you delegate only what you have. If there
is a treaty in existence imposing upon you certain
obligations, you cannot delegate any power that
shall contravene those obligations.
lyir. Q/UARLES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, if by the treaty of 1835 it is not
expressly provided that the Government of the
United States shall never include any portion of
that Indian country within the limits of any Ter-
ritory or State ?
Mr. GROW. Exactly; and we provide in this
bill expressly, that that country shall not be in-
cluded; and 1 take it for grantee), when the same
language is used in the bill that is used in the
treaty, the languago means the same in both in-
stances.
Mr.CVUARLES. Do not the boundaries speci-
fied in this bill surround a portion of this Indian
reservation ?
Mr. GROW. Well, sir, I will answer the gen-
tleman in the Yankee mode, by asking him a
question; and being a Yankee myself, t am en-
titled to use that mode of argument. When you
execute a deed for a piece of land, including in
your boundaries two acres which you reserve, do
you transfer any title to the two acres?
Mr. Q.UARLES. I think it would be better
to specify expressly, if I did not intend to include
them within the boundaries.
Mr. GROW. That is what is done in this bill.
It expressly excepts this Indian country from
forming any part of the territory of the State of
Kansas; and I do not know how language can
make it stronger or plainer. And now, sir, one
other point, and I will relieve the patience of gen-
tlemen. I promised the Iioustf not to occupy
more than ten minutes, and I will endeavor not
to excecd that time.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. GROW. I have no objection, if the House
will indulge it.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The question which
1 propose to ask the chairman of the Committee
on Territories is this; if the State of Kansas, when
she is admitted, should pass a law to apprehend
criminals within this Indian country, or to punish
them for offenses committed within that country,
would the gentleman hold that such laws were not
valid?
Mr. GROW. My answer to the gentleman is
this: the State of Kansas would have no jurisdic-
tion over that Indian country so long as the treaties
continue as they are; and if they pass such a law,
and it comes into the courts, they would be bound,
in my judgment, to declare it a nullity, for the rea-
son that it was in violation of a treaty, and in vio-
lation ofthe act of Congress which was accepted
by the State of Kansas when she came into the
Cfnion.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Now I desire to
ask the gentleman one more question*
Several Members objeefed.
Mr. GROW. I would yield with great pleas-
ure if there was not an evident impatience upon
the part of the House.
The only other point to which I wish to allude
is the objection to the admission of the State, that
the constitution of Kansas allows foreign-born
residents, who have declared their intention to be-
come citizens, to vote. Mr. Speaker, when these
pioneers go forth into the wilderness from the old
States, where they are permitted to vote, as they
are in many of and nearly all the northwestern
States if they shall have declared their intention to
become citizens, although they have notbeen natu-
ralized, they leave their homes and all the asso-
(iations of their early life; all the surroundings of
a higher condition of civilization, and go out to
build up new empires. They go to endure all the
hardships and privations of frontier life in expel-
ling the savage and the wild beast. It is scarcely
six years since the whole of Kansas was an unoc-
cupied waste, its solitude broken only by the war-
whoop of the savage. Yet to-day the hum of busy
industry goes up from a population of one hun-
dred thousand freemen, who bring this great em-
pire of industry and advancing civilization and
lay it at the altar of our country. What justice
would there be in denying to these men a voice
in the formation of the institutions under which
they are to live ? Is it just to say that the men
who have endured all the hardships of the wilder-
ness to build up now empires shall live under in-
stitutions formed by those who have endured no
greater privations, or perhaps none at all?
Mr. Speaker, it is time that this rccord of Kan-
sas wrongs should be closed. The blackest page
of American history has been written in the last
lour years m the blood of her pioneers. It is a
chapter of history that will be read by our chil-
dren with shame for their ancestry. It is time to
open a new volume in the history of Kansas.
Let this strife be ended, and stanch the wounds
of Kansas, inflicted with the acquiescence of the
Government of the Republic. Give to this greatly
wronged people a government of their own, and
to the freemen of the nation the assurance of re-
turning justice in the councils of the Republic, by
adding this star to the constellation of thoUnion.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion that the bill be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Territories, with instructions.
Mr. MAYNARDdcmandcd the yeas and nays.
[Cries of"No!""No!"]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr, GROW demanded the previous question
on the passage ofthe bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 134, nays 73; as follows:
YRAS—iMcs^ih. Charles F. Adams, Adiain, Aldrich,
Allen, Alley, Ashley, Dnbbitt, Barr, Barrett, Beale, Bing-
ham, ftlair, liiakc, Iliayton, Bi igg**, JHifiinton, Buich, l)ur-
lingume, Burnliam, Buttcrfield, Campbell, Carev, Cartel,
Ca->c, Horace 1<\ Clark, Claik 13. Coclnane, John Coclnane,
Colfax, Colliding, (Joopcr, Curwin, Cuvode, Cu\, Curtis,
I)a\v<'^, Delano, Duell, Dunn, F.dgeitou, Edwaids, Eliot,
Ely, Etliondgn, Fam^votth, Fenton, Feiry, Fimence.Fos-
tei, Fouko, Fiank, I'lcach, Gooeli, Giow, Guiicy, Hale*
Hall, Haskiu, Helmiek, Hickman, Hoard, Holman, How-
ard, Humphrey, Hutehm?, Imnc, Junkm, France \V.
Kellogg, \ViJliam Kellogg, Kemon, Kilgore. Kiliingcr, Lar-
labee, IWVittC. Le;u li, Lee, Logan, Loneiicckcr,.Looim>,
' Lnvejoy, Ma)->ton, Chailesl) Maitin, McClernand, IVIc-
! Kcan, MeKmght, ^IcPher&on, Montgomery, Mooihead,
j .Wonill, Edwaid Joy Moms. l>aae N. Moms Moise, Nib
! lack, Nixon, Olin, i'alrnei, Pendleton. Perry, i'etfit, Poller,
Potter, Pottle, lliee. Uiirgs, Cimstoplier Robinson, James C.
Kobm^on, Royee, Selnvaitz, Scianton, Sedgwick, Spauld-
mg, Spinner,"Stanton, Stevens William Stewait, Stout,
Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Theakcr, Tompkins;, Tram,
Trimble, Yallandigham, Vandever, Wrree, YValdion, Wal-
ton, CadwaladerC. Washburn,Eilihuft.Washbnrue, Isiael
Wa>hluu n, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, Wood, and
Woodruff—1JU.
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Thomas L, Anderson,
William (J. Anderson, Ashmoie, Avery, Baiksdale, Docock,
Bonhani, Botelci, Bojce, Brabson, Biancii, Bimow, Bu.-
nett. John B. 01.uk. Clopton, Cobb, Jame^ Ciaig. Burton
Crasge, Crawfoid, Cuny, Davidson, JI. Winter Davis,
Edmuinlsoji, English, Gamott, Gailrell, Gilmei, Hamilton,
Haideman, John T. Hairis, Ilatton, Hawkins. Ibll, Ilind-
mn, Houston. Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt,
Lamai, James M. Leach, Leake, X^ove, Mallory. Maynard,
McQiivun. McKae, Miles Mil)son, LabanT. Moore, Syden-
ham Moore, Nelson, Noel!, Pugh, Quartos, Reagan, Ruffin,
Scott,Sickles. Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William
N. II. Smith, Siallworth, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas,
Vancc, WhiteJey, Window, and Woodson—73.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. ROBINSON, of Illinois, stated that Mr.
Davis, of Indiana, was paired off on this question
with Mr. Phelps.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, stated that he was
paired with Mr. Sherman.
Mr. LAMAR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Davis, had been called home by sickness in, his
family.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated thathis colleague, Mr.
Landrum, was detained at his room by illness.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Martin, had been called home by a
telegraphic dispatch announcing the extreme ill-
ness of Ins wife, and that he had been called away
so suddenly that he had not time to make a pair;
and also, that Mr. Kuxkel, of Maryland, had
been called to Philadelphia last Sabbath by a tel-
egraphic dispatch, on important business, and
that, although he had requested him [Mr. Har-
ris] to pair him off, he had been unable to do so.
Mr. QJCJARLES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Wright, had been callcdhome by sickness in his
family, and was paired.
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that, with a protest
against the eleventh section of the bill, he would
vote m the affirmative.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, said: Mr. Speaker,
my colleague, Mr. Peyton, is paired with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood.] Mr.
Wood is now present and desires to vote, and
Mr. Peyton is therefore paired for to-day with
Mr. Wade, of Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, stated that Mr.
Somes was paired with Mr. Maci.ay.
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Van Wyck was
paired with Mr. Underwood.
Mr. PALMER stated that his colleague [Mr.
Burroughs] was paired with Mr. De Jaunf.tte.
After the roll-call,
Mr. ENGLISH said: More than two thirds of
my political friends having voted against this bill,
I shall vote in the same way. I vote " no."
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. GROW. There is a preamble to the bill.
The SPEAKER. That is considered asadopted.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I have two joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in
relation to a homestead bill. I present them, and
mavc that they be laid upon the table, and ordered
to be punted.
It was so ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. NIBLACK, (at
half past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jtpril 12, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gcrley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The,VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a rejDoit of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 19th ultimo, the report of Captain
IT. D. Wallen, of his expedition, in 1859, from
Dallas City to Great Salt Lake and back; which
was, on motion of Mr. Wilson, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Ho also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate calling for the report of Captain
Ringgold, of the Navy, of surveys of the passes
through the coral archipelago of the Pacific ocean;
which was, on motion of Mr. Crittenden, re- .
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representatives,
| by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
! House fiad passed a bill (H. R. No. 23) for the
! admission of Kansas into the Union.
