1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
force, refused to attend the polls, and did not
vote. The consequence was, the opposite party
prevailed. They adopted a constitution, which
came up here in regular, legal form. They exer-
cised the governing power of the Territory. They
passed a law taking the sense of the people wheth er
they desired a State organization or not. The
people voted in favor of it; and hence a law was
passed providing for the election of members to
a convention. The members assembled at Le-
compton and adopted their constitution. It came
up here and was resisted—resisted not because
they had not population, not because of the bound-
aries they claimed, but because others, who did
not choose to go to the polls and vote, were
claimed to be the majority in the Territory.
Whether they were or not, there is no living man
to this day, in the Senate or oift of it, authorized
to say.
At that time Kansas was again rejected, except
upon a condition. The English bill was passed,
which said, we disavow your ordinance claiming
so much land; if you will accept the land which
has been ordinarily given to other States you may
come in, just for the sake of ending this whole
difficulty. The object of Congress has been at.
all times to deal as kindly with Kansas as possi-
ble; but at no time to overlook palpable viola-
tions of law, nor to justify them in attempting to
nullify the laws that we passed. That English
bill was not accepted by the people of Kansas.
It was voted down, I think, in August, 3858, and
on the 11th day of February, 1859, thesame people
that voted down the admission under the English
bill, voted to call the convention which formed
the constitution now pending before the Senate.
They assembled at Wyandotte, formed this con-
stitution, and have presented it to us.
This is a historical sketch of the case. Let us
see whether they come under circumstances that
will justify them in demanding admission, and
justify us in voting in favor of the admission.
The Senator from Vermont says that two ques-
tions have been mainly considered in the appli-
cation of States for admission. One is, is there
population adequate to sustain themselves. The
second, the propriety of her boundary. I admit
that this has ordinarily been the limit of the in-
quiry; and why? Ordinarily our Territories have
been settled up with a population congenial to
ourselves, obedient, intelligent, respectable citi-
zens. Never before, in the settlement of any
Territory, have the hordes of infamy and disgrace
been hunted through and scoured to find a popu-
lation to go there and vote, except in the case of
Kansas. I hold it, sir, to be a proper matter of
inquiry, will the State be obedient to the Consti-
tution? Have the people the character, by vir-
tue of which we can lely on them as brethren in
a common Confederacy ? That is a proper sub-
ject-matter of inquiry. I shall not dwell upon it
to-day, and yet I claim the right to do it; for if
pirates and robbers, and nil those who by the old
law would have been permitted to enter Abdullah
were to go into one of our Territories, I should
vote against their admission as a State, even if
they numbered five hundred thousand.
As I said, we have a right to inquire into their
character for obedience to law, their attachment to
the Constitution, and the probabilities of their de-
meaning themselves as good citizens of a common
Confederacy. I do not choose to stop to inquire
into that; because so much h.is been said upon
the subject that I do not wish to enlarge upon it.
There are other objections so striking and so
manifest that they would be conclusive with this
Senate, but for one single consideration. I assert
that the points I present to-day would be conclu-
sive with nine tenths of the Senate, if there were
no political considerations mixed up with the
question. First, she has notpopulation sufficient.
But it has been asked: if Kansas has population
enough for a slave State, has she not population
enough for a free State ? I answer, that the very
asking of the question shows alittle more of dex-
terity of evasion than of statesmanlike talent.
Has Kansas to-day the population she had when
she applied for admission under the Lecompton
constitution? According to my information,and
according to the circumstances out of which that
information has grown, I am satisfied she has
not; and why ? At that time she presented herself
with her original boundary as prescribed in the
organic act of 1854, running from the Missouri
boundary on the east to the summit of the Rocky
Mountains on the west. How does she present
herself to-day ? With more than one third of that
territory cut off. But what else should be taken
into consideration? Gold has been discovered at
Pike's Peak, and there seems to be a common
prevailing sentiment of the American people—not
confined exclusively to the North—which exists
at the South in probably as ardent a degree as it
does m the North—a love of gold; and they rushed
with avidity to the gold mines; and the popula-
tion of Kansas, as the boundaries are now pre-
sented in the constitution, is less by thousands
than it was in 1858, when she presented herself
for admission. First, a third of her territory is
cut off; second, a train of circumstances has set
in which has led off a large amount of her popu-
lation.
You talk about the influx—about the immigra-
tion. Two have gone away for one who has come
in. What, then, is the population of Kansas to-
day ? 1 answer, that the best information we have
limits it to about sixty-nine thousand seven hun-
dred. It, is true, the Senator from Vermont read
a report, gotten up by three Republicans m the
Legislature of the Territory, in which they give
their opinion, not predicated upon facts; and they
do not give us any evidence upon which they pre-
tend to predicate it; but they say,S{ we understand
from the representative from such a county, that
the census-taker did not take in all." This is too
vague, too uncertain, too indefinite for statesmen
to act upon. Did they take all the census ? The
presumption is in favor of the legal officer; and
nothing but a sworn statement, supported by legal
evidence, can counteract the statement of a legal
officer. A man appointed by law, the marshal of
the State, goes out to take the census of the State
of Missouri; and he reports to Congress thatMis-
sourt has one million one hundred thousand in-
habitants; and Congress predicates representation
upon it, and gives us our number. Suppose I were
to rise and state that I believed, from information
I had received from certain individuals, that Mis-
souri had one million live hundred thousand, and
asked you to predicate your representation upon
that: what sensible Senatoi—for I esteem them all
such—what sensible man outside of the Senate,
would say it ought to be regarded with any favor
whatever? When Kansas appointed her legal
officers to take her census and make returns, noth-
ing but legal evidence can contravene them. Is
theie any legal evidence? I call upon the Senator
from Vcimont to state it. I know he has given
this statement of three eommittec-mon. What
does that amount to? It is a mere statement, not
supported by oath, not sustained by evidence;
while the census was taken under oath, according
to law, and is therefore a legal presentation of the
case.
But, sir, I go one step further than that. I
know it has been said Territories form themselves
into States and present themselves for admission,
and are admitted into the Union without the pre-
vious assent of Congress, and without what, in
the latter days, has been called an enabling act.
That is true; and I do not complain for the want
of an enabling act in this ease. The English bill
is an enabling act. The Territories have formed
themselves into States, asked admission, and been
received without the^xssent of Congress. But two
points I make to this Senate, and [challenge con-
tradiction. No Territory, from 17S9 down to
the present period, has ever formed a constitu-
tion with a part of her territory and been ad-
mitted at once; they have always adopted the
limits as they were organized as a Territory; the
boundaries were made to correspond precisely as
the territorial boundaries, and whenever they de-
viated from it, in every single instance, it came
up here, and Congress sent them back, and gave
them just such boundaries as Congress chose.
Again: Congress has no fixed rule as to the
number of population; but all of us say thatthe
ordinary rule ought to be the population required
for one Representative in the lower House of Con-
gress. That is a mere rule to guide, not a fixed
rule to govern. States have been admitted with
less; States have been admitted with more._ But
the second point in which I say this is dissimilar
from any other Territory that applied for admis-
sion, is this: no Territory, against the previous
declaration of Congress, as to her numbers, ever
formed a State government, applied for admis-
sion, and was admitted contrary* to that previous
declaration. Congress, inE this instance, declared
in the English bill, when you "nave ninety-tfiree
thousand four hundred and twenty inhabitants,
you may forfri a constitution' and State gt>vehi-
ment, and apply for admission. Kansas sdid/^e
will not do it; out, in defiance of the previously
expressed declaration of Congress, we will form
ifwhen we please, with any boundaries we please;
and we will demand admission as we please. It
is not right. It never was done before—not in a
single instance.
In the case of Florida, she had not population
enough to entitle her to a Representative; and
what did Congress do ? She formed her consti-
tution in 1839, and Congress kept that State wait-
ing until 1845, the long period of six years, be-
fore she was admitted. Would it be any greater
hardship on the people of Kansas to keep her
waiting six years than it was upon the people of
Florida ? And yet, in that case, nobody com-
plained; and 1 will tell you why—because there
were no politics mixed up in it; there was no
question of a presidential election; there was no
Republican conflicting with a Democratic party;
the people viewed the subject in a calm and dis-
passionate light; and as calm and dispassionate
statesmen, Congress said Florida is not fit to be
admitted; and left her waiting six years. Michi-
gan formed a State government; chose to adopt
her own boundaries, and applied for admission.
Congressexamincd the subject, and they saw that
the boundary claimed for Michigan would con-
flict with the boundary of Ohio, and Congress,
instead of admitting the State, said, " we give you
a certain boundary," which th« y prescribed, and
senthcrback,and said, " you must vote on this;if
you accept the proposition we give you, you may
come into the Union; not otherwise."
Iowa applied for admission into the Union. She
prescribed her boundary and applied for admis-
sion. Congress said: " you shall ndl come in with
the boundary you claim; but we will change the
boundary fixed to suit our own nofions of pro-
priety, and if you accept it, you may come in;'5
and Congress sent back Iowa in order that her
boundaries should be reconsidered by a vote of
the people.
The State of Missouri applied for admission,
and there was a clause in her constitution which
said the State might expel free persons of color
from the State. Congress imposed a condition
upon theS'ate,andsai(i: " thatshall never be con-
strued to violate the Constitution of the United
States; and until that State assents to our con-
struction of it, you shall not conic in." Here was
another condition imposed upon Missouri.
Wisconsin applied for admission, and a like
conflict as to boundary, andas to other questions,
sprang up, and Congress sent Wisconsin back.
Now, Mi. President, I want to know this: is
Kansas so much entitled to favor that if she should
present a constitution with boundaries that we
did not approve, with a population insufficient,
we cannot touch her? Is Kansas so sacred? Is
Kansas to be made an exception to all rules,
and to be received into the Union, right or wrong;
different from what you did in the case of Mis-
souri; different from what you did in the case of
Michigan; different from what you did in the case
of Wisconsin; different from what you did in the
case of Iowa; different from what you did in the
case of Florida,and others that I might name? It
is a common proceeding in the Senate and the
House of Representatives to send States back
when you do not approve their boundaries, or
when, from any other causc, you think them
unworthy of being admitted into the Union.
Mr. President, I am reminded of another fact in
connection with the question of population. I have
already remarked that they defiantly demand
this admission, population or no population, and
that the Senator from Vermont—and, I thought,
rather in a complaining manner—said Congress
had made no provision for taking the population. I
find it m a speech which I can lead, if necessary.
It will be remembered, by all Senators present,
that $20,000 was pioposed by the Committee ot
Finance for the taking of a census, and that it
was objcctcd to and voted down. Why? I will
tell you the reason why. Not because you did not
want the population known, but because you de-
termined to nullify the English bill. It was a fixed
predetermination, and Senators here are chargeable
