1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16TB
The message further announced that the House
had this day ordered the printing of the following
documents:
Message of the President of the United States,
in response to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, calling for information touching the
reported expulsion of American citizens from
Mexico—ordered at twelve o'clock and fifteen
minutes.
' Message of the President of the United States,
in answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, communicating information in regard
to the duties imposed on tobacco in foreign coun-
tries—ordered at twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, furnish-
ing information in response to a resolution of the
House calling for the amount of money that has
been paid out of the Treasury for books ordered
to be published by either or both Houses of the
Thirty-Third Congress, as well as theamount paid
for books of said Congress, under the usual reso-
lutions, &c.—ordered at twelve o'clock and six-
teen minutes.
Resolves of the Legislature of California, ask-
ing for a mail route from Sonora, California, to
Monoville, in Utah Territory—ordered at twelve
o'clock and fourteen minutes.
Letter of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
communicating estimates of the amountnecessary
for negotiating treaties with certain Indian tribes
of the plains, and 111 Minnesota—ordered at twelve
o'clock and sixteen minutes.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
M?r. THOMSON presented the petition of Abby
S. Chaplin, widow of Colonel J. Snelling, of the
Army,praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee 011 Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Meadville
to Penvt Line, in that county and State; which
were referred to the Committee oir the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented papers in relation
to claims of citizens of Texas to indemnity for
depredations by the Indians; which were referred
to the Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
Mr. NICHOLSON presented the memorial of
Michael II. Martin, of Tennessee, praying for a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. WIGFALL presented a petition of citizens
of Brownsville, Texas, praying the removal of
the custom-house from Point Isabel to Browns-
ville; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of Kerr,
Brierly & Co., praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained in consequence of the attack of General
Harney upon, and the battle with, the Sioux In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition, on the files of the Senate, of
the representatives of Richard Taliaferro, deceased, pray-
ing to 1 the commutation of five years' pay due the deceased
for revolutionary bcrviees, be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. THOMSON, it \va3
Ordered, That the petition and papers relating to the
claim of Abby S. Chaplin,, widow of Colonel J. Snelhn?, of
the Army, to a pension, on the files of the Senate, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to withdraw the
petition of the settlers on the Fort Atkinson mil-
itary reservation and old Indian agency in Iowa,
proving the right of preemption.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' The Chair will
ask if any action has been had.
Mr. G'RIMES. Yes, sir. I will state that the
bill which passed the Senate a few days ago was
based upon this petition, and a motion was made
bv the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] to recon-
sider the vote by which that bill was passed.
Since its passage, it has been discovered that the
original bill—which was drawn by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land'Ofiice—was defective
in leaving out one section. I desire to withdraw
the petition, that it may be laid before the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, so that the
bill may be corrected and made ill accordance
with the original petition.
Leave was granted.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
402) to extend the limits of the port of entry and
delivery for the district of Philadelphia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IIALE, from the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Mrs.
Ann W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Sam-
uel W. Angus, of the United States Navy, asking
a certain allowance, asked to be discharged from
its further con side ration, and that it lie on the table; i
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of
Mrs. A. W. Angus, widow of the late Captain
Samuel Angus, United States Navy, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 349)
for the relief of Peter Rogerson & Son, of St.
John's, Newfoundland, owners of the British
brig Jessie, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Legislature of
Kentucky, in reference to the enlargement of the
Louisville and Portland canal, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to, the subject having already been
acted on by the Senate.
He also, from the samccommittee,to whom was
referred a resolution of the Senate instructing
the committee to consider the expediency of fur-
ther legislation in order to prevent violence and
crime on board the merchant marine of the United
States, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HEMPHILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
233) for the relief of the legal representatives of
five deceased clerks in the .Philadelphia custom-
house, reported it without amendment; and sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
memorial of Thatcher Perkins and William Mc-
Mahon, praying an extension of their patent for
an improvement in the wheels of locomotive en-
gines, submitted a report, accompanied by. a bill
(S. No. 403) for the relief of Thatcher Perkins
and William McMahon. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to bo printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of Jane B. Evans, widow
and executrix of Cadwalader Evans, deceased,
praying for the renewal of a patent granted her
late husband, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 404) for the relief of Jape B. Evans.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 306)
to settle titles to lands along the boundary line
between the States of Georgia and Florida.
CHARLES KNAP.
Mr. BIGLER. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 31) for
the relief of Charles Knap, have instructed mcto
report it back, with a recommendation that it pass.
As this is a short bill and somewhat important,
and it passed this body some years ago without
opposition, and will give rise to no debate, I am
authorized to move that the Senate consider it at
this time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill
(H. R. No. 31) for the relief of Charles Knap,
which authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
1 to make such modifications in the contract now .
j in force with him. for furnishing material for the j
' custom-house building at New Orleans, as in his
j opinion the principles of justice may seem to de- ;
mand. j
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to j
be engrossed for a third reading, read Ihe third ,
time, and passed.
FRANCIS HUTTMAN.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a Senate bill on the
table in favor of Francis Hiittman, which lias
been agreed to by the House, with an amend-
ment. I ask that it may be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 78) for the
relief of Francis Hiittman. The amendment of
the House was to add, at the end of the bill:
Provided, The amount so paid, shall not exceed $900.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire that the Senate will
concur in the amendment, though it is not quite
right. The bill is to refund certain duties which
were illegally taken from him. Beyond all doubt,
they were illegal. The House have limited the
amount to §900. The real amount, I understand;*
is about $915; but the claimant says he would
rather have that amendment concurred in than
dispute about that little sum. I therefore hope
the Senate will concur in the amendment of the
House.
The amendment was concurred in.
ANSON DART.
Mr.-DOOLITTLE. I move to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of Anson Dart.
It has twice passed the Senate, has passed the
House at the present session, and been reported
three times in the House favorably.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senate will agree
with me that wo had better not take up that bill
this morning. It cannot be passed in the morning
hour, and I think he had better let it lie over until
we can have a full Senate, and a full opportunity
of discussing it. If he insists on it, I am ready
now; but I should like to have a full Senate; I
should like to have a little more time.
Mr.- MASON. I take it for granted that it will
not be called up, with that admonition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I supposed, from the con-
versation between the honorable Senator from
Oregon and myself, that we could call it Up this
morning, being Thursday morning, and dispose
of it, probably, in the morning hour.
Mr. LANE. I am ready to go into the con-
sideration of this bill now, but I am satisfied we
cannot get through with it in the morning hour.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not, of course, desire
to press the bill in the morning hour, if it is to in-
volve along discussion; but 1 give notice to the
honorable Senator that I should like to call it up
to-morrow morning in the morning hour. It is
not precisely in the nature of a private bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Wisconsin withdraw his motion?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw the motion,
with the expectation to renew it at the earliest op-
portunity.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND ENTRIES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am instructed
by the Committee on Public Lands to report back
a bill (H. R. No. 44) confirming certain land en-
tries under the third section of the act of 3d March,
1855, entitled " An act making appropriations for
the ssrvice of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the.30th of June, 185G." It
relates to the preemptions that are secured by
that act to the mail contractors west of the Mis-
sissippi and this side of the Pacific States. The
committee have instructed me to report back the
bill, with an amendment, and ajsk that it may be
passed. It has been very carefully considered,
and the amendment was deemed absolutely ne-
cessary. It only provides an additional guard
against any injustice being done by the act. I ask
that it be considered.
Mr. MASON. If it will take any time, I shall
ask the Senator to let it go by.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It will call for
no debate. There can be no difference about it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 44) confirming certain land en-
tries under the third section of the act of 3d
March, 1855, entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1856." The Committee on Public Lands
reported the bill with an amendment in section
one, line twenty-two, after the word " locations,'
to insert: made prior or subsequent to the date
