26X8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
with that inchoate'nullification as much as the
people of Kansas. It was a predetermination,
showing that your object was to nullify the Eng-
lish bill, which was tne will of Congress and die
will of the Federal Government. We were anx-
ious to vote that $20,000 to take the census, to see
if they had the population and the kind of popu-
lation fit to he admitted as a State, then give her
the boundaries which were appropriate to her con-
dition, and let her come into the Union; for, as I
before remarked, it is ourduty to admit the State.
It is a duty, an obligation under the treaty, and
it is a duty growing out of the common expecta-
tion of those who settled in the Territory; but in
the act of admission we must so shape it as to pro-
tect our rights, and we must so shape it as to do
them justice, without inflicting injury upon our-
selves. While a mere taking of the census of
Kansas was an accidental act, oven Kansas did
not do it for the purpose of pioving to Congress
that she had sufficient population. That Terri-
tory determined to apply, right or wrong, whether
it was proper or improper, and demand admis-
sion, relying upon a political majority that would
give her admission, whether she was entitled to it
or not. Why is it pressed with so much eager
anxiety now? The Senator from Massachusetts,
£Mr. Sumner,] yesterday, let the whole secret
out—simply because she has a provision in her
constitution prohibitingslavery. That is the whole
motive with a majority of those who supportthe
admission of Kansas; with nine tenths of them;
with ninety-nine hundredths of them: simply be-
cause there is a provision prohibiting slavery.
Perhaps it will be said, however, that you sup-
ported the admission of Kansas in 1858. I have
•already remarked that at that time Kansas had a
larger territory, and, in my opinion, a larger pop-
ulation. One third of the Territory is cut oil*.
The discovery of gold in Pike's Peak has drawn
off a large proportion of the people there, so that
the population is less to-day than it was two years
ago.
But how is it with regard to the question of
boundary, even if I pass by the subject as to the
population; if I pass by this determination to
nullify the law of Congress; if I pass by this
degree of insubordination that sets them up in
defiance of the law of the Federal Government,
which no other Territory ever has done in the
history of this Government? No Senator can
point out a single instance of the kind. What
other Territory, in defiance of the positive law of
the Federal Government, went to work to make
themselves into a State? Not one single one; and
has Kansas so demeaned herself on any subject
as to commend herself to our especial favor to
wink at her insubordination, her insurrection, and
her revolutionary movements? Not to mine.
But, sir, I say, waiving all that, how is it with
regard to her boundary? I cannot vote for it.
The territory belongs to these thirty-three con-
federated States. The object of getting, that ter-
ritory is for settlement to'be formed into States;
but in parceling it out, it is appropriate for Con-
gress to keep a* supervising care over it. They
have done it in every instance in the formation of
every State. There never has been a single de-
parture from the rule. Then, I ask, are the
boundaries, as described in the present constitu-
tion of Kansas, as adopted at Wyandotte, such
as to commend themselves to us? I say they are
not, and 1 will proceed to show why.
In the first place, tiie boundaries do not conform
to the territorial boundary, as I before remarked.
They cut off more than one third the Territory
from the west. Whenever Kansas applied here-
tofote under the Topeka constitution, or under the
Lccompton constitution, the policy of the Federal
Government was to run the State from the Mis-
souri boundary, and from the Iowa boundary,
west to the Rocky Mountains. The Territories
were organized that way, and the expectation was
that the States would conform to the Territories.
Subsequent events, however, have shown to us
that that policy is not right; and I appeal to the j
Senator from "Vermont, that more information j
with regard to the character of the plains and the |
discoveiy of gold, showing a mineral region al- :
mostat the base of the Rocky Mountains, proves
to us a necessity for a changc in the original plan
of our policy. 1'here is no doubt of that. What,
then, ought to be done now? I propose, by my
amendments—for I intend to explain each one of I
them—to leave the western boundary of Missouri
as described in the constitution adopted at Wyan-
dotte, but to run that western boundary tip to
the north fork of the Platte river—for I want no
dispute about boundary hereafter—and thence
down the Platte to its junction with the Missouri
river, and thence along the Missouri line. This
will add to Kansas about one third as much as is
cutoff from Kansas. I will explain. The western
end is all cut off. By adding upon the north
edge, we will add about one third as much as is
cut off from the west, and will make a respectable
State. The boundary which she presents will
not make a respectable State; and the reason is
this: I conversed with the surveyor general who
surveyed that Territory, and he informed me that
in the present boundary of Kansas, which num-
bers about eighty-one thousand square miles, or
very nearly eighty-one thousand 
Mr. COLlAMER. According to the consti-
tution?
Mr. GREEN. According to the Wyandotte
constitution, from eighty to eighty-one thousand
square miles, and not over two sevenths are arable
lands, or susceptible of settlement; and he said
the utmost extreme that could be arrived at, in-
cluding the borders upon ail the little streams, is
two and a half sevenths of the gross area. Now
take that, and how much have you got? You
have no mineral resources in Kansas. In Texas
we have a State of over two hundred and twenty
thousand square miles; in Missouri, sixty-seven
thousand square miles; in Iowa we have fifty-
nine thousand square miles, every acre of which
is susceptible of settlement and of cultivation, and
no acre of which is inferior to the average acrcs
of the best lands in Kansas. Take your two and
a half sevenths outof youreighty thousand square
miles, giving your utmost range to it, and what
have you got? Not over thirty thousand square
miles of kind susceptible of settlement a>nd fit for
cultivation. That is not one half of Missouri;
and do you wish to multiply little States on the
West—little States borne down with debt, not
able to sustain themselves; not like the old States
that sprang up under a state of circumstances en-
tirely different? is it your policy? Your policy
in authorizing the formation of now States should
be more upon a liberal scale, so that they may be
strong and vigorous.
Now, if you take all the Territory of Nebraska
lying south of the Platte and east of the west line
of Kansas, as described in the Wyandotte con-
stitution, she will have about one hundred and
five thousand square miles; and she will have
about forty-five thousand square miles lit for set-
tlement. Forty-five thousand square miles fit for
settlement is none too large. She has no mineral
resources. In Missouri, we have an iron mount-
ain, we have lead, we have zinc, we have cop-
per, we have a dozen resources in addition to
the agricultural fertility; and yet Missouri is not
considered too large. Take these small States
east that sprang up under the colonial policy of
Great Britain; and but for their manufacturing
privileges, or their mineral resources, they would
hardly be able to sustain themselves. Massachu-
setts has large manufacture.'1!; and some of these
little States have mineral resources, and some of
our larger States have their mineral resources.
Kansas has no mineral within her borders that
we knowanytlungof, except stone coal—the only
thing ever yet discovered within her limits. She
has very little timber. In the absence of timber,
the absence of any privileges for manufacturing,
there being no water power in the State, what are
you to do with the State if she has not agricul-
tural privileges?—and if you give her agricultural
privileges, you must give her territory; and to
give her territory, you must change her bound-
aries.
Now, Mr. President, I propose to show to you
the plan which has suggested itself to me as the
most appropriate to divide out our territory. Run
the boundary of Kansas up to the North Platte.
It makes the State none too large. Then her ara-
ble land is not more than that of Minnesota; not
equal to that of Iowa; not equal to that of Mis-
souri; not equal to that of Illinois. Hence no-
body can complain of the size of the State. Then,
what will you do with Nebraska? Add on the
south part of Dakota—the gore between the Sioux
river and the Missouri river. That, added to the
good portions of Nebraska which will be left.
lying on the Missouri river, will make a very
beautiful State in process of time; and if future
discoveries show, on the Red River of the North,
any country susceptible of settlement and culti-
vation,so as to form a State, let it run west, across
the Missouri, if you please; but there is a space
between the good land lying within that gore of
Dakota Territory—the Yancton purchase and
Stone lake, or north of Stone lake, which is noth-
ing but a barren waste. I know that right along
upon the border of the lake^ where the treaty was
made with the Sioux, theie is a piece of good land;
but when you go west of that, it is almost a barren
waste of three hundred miles.
We shall then have a good State of Kansas; we
shall then have a good State of Nebraska and
Dakota, all called Nebraska or all Dakota, if you
please, for I am not particular about names. Then
here is the mineral region lying at the foot of the
Rocky Mountains—what is to be done with that?
The wide space of barren waste lying between
Pike's Peak and Kansas we run the boundary
line through. There will be, perhaps, hundreds
of miles on each side of no account whatever; but
when you get up to Cherokee, when you get up
beyoncl the crest that embraces it, when you get
'up to the spurs of the Rocky Mountains, you find
your gold and your mineral; and when you cross
tnrough into the three parks—the south park,
the middle park, and the north park—you find
an agricultural region. When you cross over
between that and the Washita mountains, you
find another agricultural region, and you will find
rich deposits of gold. Here will be a mineral
State with a capability of sustaining itself by agri-
cultural productions. 1 have marked out the
boundary of that State, running it from New
Mexico north to 43^ north latitude, running it
from the confines of Kansas on the east over
to 108° or 110° of longitude west from Green-
wich on the west. That is about the summit of
the range of the Washita mountains. It wiil
make, in process of time, a fine State. Then west
of that comes Utah. From that to the east line
of California will make a good State. It includes
the Mormons, it is true; but it includes the lioh
silver mines of the Carson Valley, and we shall
devise some scheme by which the Mormons can
be reduced to subordination. I am not willing to
admit that any difficulty can arise in this Govern-
ment that we arc not capable of meeting. Is it
possible that we shall give up our territory, and
say "this is beyond remedy;" or shall we take
the other alternative, and say we are afraid of the
political questions, that our party will be defeated
if we act on them as statesmen? Sir, such con-
siderations never have influenced me and never
will. We can make a good State there. We can
thus make Kansas a good State, make Nebraska
a good State, make the Pike's Peak region a good
State, and make Utah a good State, leaving New
Mexico to develop herself as she may, which
will also be a good State; and that closes up all
the territorial policy from the West to the East.
Washington 1 erritory covers all north of Oregon
on the Pacific. There is a little gore lying in on
the east of Oregon which may also be considered
a waif floating about that nobody will claim; but
1 believe that the energy of the American people,
their progress, and their anxiety for discovery,
will explore that now unexplored region until
they develop something enticing to the cupidity
or to the anxiety for settlement, which will induce
emulation to, and the colonization of, even that
lemote place.
Now, Mr. President, I have been marking out
this territory to show what ought to be the gen-
eral policy of Congress. I have been marking it
out to show that it will cover all this Territory,
and lca\e no question of complaint afterwards;
and I have been demonstrating, I think, that,
without this addition to the Teintory of Kansas,
Kansas must be weak, puerile, woi (hless, sickly,
in debt, and at no time capable of sustaining her-
self. There is one other consideration, however,
that I must not omit. I propose to change the
boundary of Kansas on the south line; and I do it
for the reason that the boundary, as prescribed in
the Wyandotte constitution, includes all of what
have been known as the Gtuapaw lands, the Sen-
eca lands, and the Chejokee neutial lands. I
propose to lift that boundary up and put it north,
so as to make the south line of Kansas the north
hue of these Indian lands, and not include the
