1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
of the selection thereof;" so that the clause will
road:
Be, and the same are hereby, confirmed, subject to any
bonu fi.de claim under any law of the United States, to the
whole or any portions of the lands embraced in said entries
or locations made prior or subsequent to the date of the
selection thereof, by tlie persons aforesaid, &c.
Mr. GRIMES. That bill has never been read
in the Senate, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
now read the bill through, before the Chair puts
the question on the amendment.
The Secretary read the bill. It provides that
all entries which have heretofore been allowed by
registers and receivers, under that portion of the
third proviso to the first section of an act, ap-
proved March 3, 1855, entitled "An 2Cct making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
* Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1856," m the following words: "That
each contractor engaged, or to be engaged, in car-
rying the mails through any of the "Territories
west of the Mississippi, shall have the privilege of
occupying stations at the rate of not more than
one for every twenty miles of the route on which
he carries a mail, and shall have a preemption
right therein, when the same shall he brought into
market, to the extent of six hundred and forty
acres, to be taken contiguously, and to include his
improvements; butno such preemption right shall
extend to any pass in a mountain or other defile,"
be confirmed, subject to my bona fide claim under
any law of the United States to the whole or any
portion of the lands embraced in those cntiics or
locations; and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office is directed to issue a patent for the
lands embraced in the entries; but each contract-
or is to satisfy the Secretary of the Interior that
he has complied with the terms of his contract,
and that the entries have been used and occupied
as stations on the line of the route during the ex-
istence of his contract. The provisions of this
act are to be restricted to one and the first bona
fide sot of preemptions on one and the same line
of route.
Italso provides that no rights, fromand after the
passage of this act, shall accrue under the provis-
ions of the act of March 3,1855, the provisions of
which are repealed, saving all rights heretofore ac-
quired; and for the purpose of facilitating the trans-
portation of the public mails of the United States
west of the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean,
and intermediate points, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is to be authonzed, upon the application of the
Postmaster General, to reserve as mail stations,
for the use and occupancy of mail contractors,
during the existence of their contracts, n quantity
of public lands, not exceeding the area of one sec-
tion at any and all such localities as in his judg-
ment arc deemed necessary or advisable, to be
taken where the public surveys have been made,
according to the lines of those surveys; but where
stations have been, or may hereafter be, desig-
nate d in advance of the public surveys, -such sta-
tions shall be hud off, under the direction of the
Postmaster General, in a square form, with power
to order the adjustment hereafter of such bound-
aries, to conform to the linos of the public sur-
veys, if such adjustment be deemed advisable;
which lands thus reserved as stations are to be
held as permanent mail service reservations, not
subject to the operation of any existing preemp-
tion or other general land laws. Whenever, from
any cause, any of the reservations made under
this act shall be no longer needed for the purposes
originally intended, or the convenience of the ser-
vice shall require a change of location, the reser-
vation thus abandoned by the Postmaster General
is to be laid off into suitable lots or parcels, and
sold at public sale to the highest bidder after at
least three months' public notice, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior; and patents
therefor are to issue as in the case of the sale of
other public lands. All laws heretofore passed
granting the preemption privilege to mail con-
tractors are to be repealed; but the repeal is not
to affect any rights which may have actually
vested under those laws before the passage of
this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in,and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Senate that a
resolution which I offered yesterday, providing
for a recess, if passed, ought tajse passed at once.
I have no personal interest in this matter; but I
think it will be convenient to the Senate to do it;
and I move that the resolution be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. Let the resolution be read. I
propose to modify it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, (the Home of Representatives concurring,)
That the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House
of Representatives do adjourn their respective Houses from
the 19th to the 30tli day of April instant.
Mr. MASON. I propose to substitute for it,
merely changing the terms, not affecting mate-
rially the adjournment:
Resofred by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the .two Homes take a recess from the
19th to the 30th instant, and that the President of the Senate
and Speaker of the IIousc of Representatives adjourn their
respective Houses accoidingly.
I offered the resolution thinking that it might
be found desirable to the Senate to have a recess
for the period prescribed—from the 19th to the
30th of April; which, Sundays included—though
they are dies non—would make it twelve days. It
is known that there will be an occasion interesting
to a certain portion of the country, and the conse-
quence of which, from our former experience, will
render it impracticable to legislate here. So many
persons will be absent from both Houses, that I am
sure, from the former experience of the country,
that we shall find it impossible to legislate; and
unless this resolution is adopted, we shall have to
substitute for it an adjournment from three days
</> three days. I introduce it to meet the occa-
sion to which I have adverted. In conference
with Senators on the other side of the House,
I have stated to them that I should be willing—
and I have no doubt we shall all be willing on
this side—when another like occasion occurs, to
adjourn for a like period for their accommoda-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I feel compelled
to oppose this resolution, and I sincerely hope
the Senate will not pass it. The reasons which
move me to opposition to it arc such, as it seems
to me, are sufficiently palpable at once to determ-
ine the course of every man on the subject. This,
in the first place, is a precedent now to be estab-
lished for the first time. It is as modest a thing
in its first presentation as ycu often meet with.
It proposes an adjournment for a period, I be-
lieve, of about five or six days. We have hith-
erto had these conventions every four years, and
have been able dining iheirsiuings to go on with
the public business here, and particularly with
that class of business which did not elicit contest
and serious debate. Hitherto, when there has
been a convention of one party calling some of
their members away, there has always been that
courtesy here which refused to take up matters
of high public interest, the action or legislation
upon which would seriously affect or seriously
conflict with the wishes of the other side. That
has been the case hitherto. That will be the case
no doubt again. I have no apprehension that
cither side of this House, when it finds a major-
ity of the opposite side callcd away under circum-
stances of this character, circumstances of inter-
est, the propriety of which is recognized in some
degree, would take advantage of the absence of
the other to dispose of and get clear of matters of
high and serious public consideration. Then, if
that be so, what is the use of our adjourning?
We can go on with that class of business, which
is properly perhaps termed business, of course,
ana get clear of u laige mass of it.
But what I look at, in addition to that, is the
result of establishing tins precedent. An adjourn-
ment is proposed now only for four or five days:
but it will be extended on every successive occa-
sion. It will not only extend hereafter to eight
or ten days, but it will be found, when two or
three conventions, national in their character, of
two or three diffeient parties, occur in the same
month, after a while, that the adjournment will
take place foi a whole month. It is notoiiuus that
every abuse of this character giaduatly grows, ;
and continues to gain ground, and finally it must i
become a serious interruption of the public busi- J
ness; but it will be sanctioned by j.he fact that a I
precedent is now established, and that the public
have not complained. The public will not com-
plain of a delay of four or five days; but they will
complain, and we ourselves must feel it hereafter,
when it comes to an adjournment for two or "three
weeks, at a period when there arc many who are
so far from their homes that they cannot return
to them, but must rest here on their oars, abso-
lutely doing nothing.
The condition under which-this resolution can
receive support from a large number of Senators
is that, if wo adjourn over for a week, they can
jump on the railroad cars and go home. There is a
large body, at least quite a number here, who are
denied that privilege entirely. They must stay
here, with nothing to do but await the return of the
others; and each successive time that such a res-
olution as this shall be acted upon, in accordance
with the precedent which is now set, the period
will be extended, and it will go oil from days to
weeks, and from weeks to a month or more. I
believe it is a bad precedent. It bears hardly upon
the distant members. It is exceedingly accom-
modating, at least—that is not the word—it is, no
doubt, exceedingly pleasantand acceptable to gen-
tlemen who can leave here, and go home in a
twenty-four or a forty-eight hours'run. It an-
swers excellently for them. They can go home
and attend to their business; but for those who
live a thousand or two thousand miles away, and
a greater distance, there is nothing left but to re-
main here. The reason and sense of every mem-
ber, and his experience here, must tell him at once
that if we commence this business, it wij^not
stop wheic we begin with it. I cannot, and never
will, vote for a resolution of this sort, whilst I
know that there is courtesy and fairness to be
found in the United States Senate m action on pub-
lie business; and I trust and hope we shall not be
subjected to this resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am opposed to adjourn-
ing at all; but I desire to move an amendment to
the resolution, for which amendment I shall vote,
and afterwards vote against the resolution, as
amended. I move that it be amended so as to
read, "from Thursday, the 19th day of April, to
Tuesday, the 22d day of May," so that we may
adjourn over, if at all, both conventions. As I
said before, I am opposed to the adjournment in
loto. I should like to buildup a wall around this
town that would prevent any politician herefrom
going to either convention; but they will go, and
while the politicians arc attending these conven-
tions, I want to go home, and do a little useful
gardening myself. If we adjourn ten days for
the Charleston convention, and then ten days for
the Chicago convention, it will leave but an in-
teiim of ten days between them, and it is well
known nothing will be accomplished in those ten
days. It is just as well, in my estimation, if we
adjourn at all, to adjourn for the whole term. I
therefore offer the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I shall oppose this resolution in
the original form, or if it should be amended as
proposed. I oppose it from different reasons to
those assigned by the Senator from Arkansas. I
oppose it because I think we ought to stay here
and legislate on all questions coming before the
Senate, important as well as unimportant. The
very courtesy that he speaks of, that would pre-
vent one party from calling up, during the period
referred to, important questions which would
divide the Senate, can be extended by pairing off
those members of the Senate on this side who are
necessarily called away during the period for
which this recess is asked. I want the Senate to
remain here to legislate on important questions
now pending befoie the body, in which the whole
country is interested. I am utterly opposed to
postponing the legislation of the country for any
object whatever. I think we ought to stay here,
and s;o tin ough with questions of vital consequence
to I lie whole country, certainly to my own State.
I yesterday morning endeavored to get up a
question vital in its consequence to the State that
I m part represent; and I regard action upon it
as so important that I will vote against any prop-
osition of couitosy to anybody rather than that
speedy action on that nv.ei-miu should be postponed
by the Senate. "We all know the great questions
thataie now pending here. To-niorrow is private
bill day; to-day is appropriated to District busi-
ness; for Monday theio is a special oider; Tues-
day and Wednesday are to bo appropriated to the
