232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
36tii Com... 1st Sess.
. Position of Parties—Mr. Duett.
Ho. of Reps.
Washington, Jefferson, ?.nd their illustrious co-
temporaries. The natural result of these conflict-
ing causcs was the organization of the Republican
party, with a platform declaring that the Consti-
tution confers upon Congress sovereign power
over the Territories of the United States, for their
government; and that, in the exercise of this
power, it is both the right and duty of Congress
to prohibit slavery therein.
This question of the power of Congress to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories has been so often
and so well demonstrated, that it woiftd be a waste
of time to go over the same ground again. The
adjudications of our courts, and the written opin-
ions of learned and able commentators upon the
Constitution and powers of the General Uovern-
rnent, affirm the existence of the power. Before
the adoption of the Constitution, Washington,
Jefferson, and Madison committed our Govern-
ment to this principle, by a conveyance of the
Northwestern territory to the General Govern-
ment, upon the express condition that slavery or
involuntary servitude, except for crime, should
forever be excluded from the entire region north
and west of the Ohio, in addition to this, nearly
all the acts of Congress establishing territorial
governments contain some provisions relating to
the subject of slavery. I submit that this long-
continued and uniform usage should settle the
question, even if any doubt existed.
The other question, whether it is expedient
and just to prohibit the extension of slavery, is
the only real inquiry to be answered. I contend
that it is unjust to extend slavery, because it de-
grades the white laborer, and excludes him from
those Territories where it is permitted. The late
lamented Horace Mann once said, " the sweat
of a slave poisons the soil upon which it falls;
his breath is mildew to every green thing; his
tears wither the verdure it drops upon." I know
it has been recently said in this Hall, and by high
authority, that slavery does not discourage or de-
grade free labor. As this assertion comes from
a gentleman from the South, I will meet it with
the statements of other southern men. Says Col-
onel Mason, of Virginia:
" Slavery discourages arts and manufactures. The poor
despise labor tvhen performed by slaves. They prevent the
emigration oj whites, who realty cniich and strengthen a
country }>
Said Mr. Marshall, of Virginia:
" Wherefore, then, where/ore object to slavery 1 Because
it is ruinous to tile whites, retards improvement, roots out an
industrious population, banishes the yeomanry of the coun-
ti y, deprives the spinner, the weaver, the smith, the shoe-
maker, the carpenter, of employment and support
After such statements as these—after the testi-
mony of hundreds of eye-witnesses, it is idle to
deny that slavery does not degrade white labor.
There xs an " irrepressible conflict" between the
two systems, and they cannot exist side by side,
un<l both flourish.
Sir, another reason why slavery should not be
extended is, that it is a system of injustice and
cruelty, and at variance with the laws of God. I
am aware that the modern supporters and advo-
cates of negro slavery, in order to justify the sys-
tem, profess to doubt the African's claim to hu-
manity. alleging their incapacity, from inherent
defects in their mental constitution, to enjoy the
blessings of freedom,and, of course, only adapted
to a state of servitude. It is nonsense to talk
about the inferiority of the negro racc, whilst at
the same tffne they are kept in a state of degrada-
tion, which renders mental and moral improvement
an impossibility, and levels them to the condition
of brutes. If we admit that the negro is inferior,
does it justify us m indicting upon him the mise-
ries of slaveiy ? Sir, as an abstract question, there
is no apology for negro slavery! There was 110
attempt to justify it, even at the South, until
within a few years. Washington, Jefferson,
Patrick Henry, and a host of others, have left on
record their living and their dying testimony
against it. If, sir, slavery be just, or, as Senator [
I \ EltsoN says, "right in the sight of Heaven, sal- j
utai y in its social bearing and effects, and con- !
ducivc to the highest development of political 1
blessings," then lot us forthwith repeal the laws '
declaring the slave trade piracy. We long since
placcil the man who goes abroad to traffic in the
blood and bones of the African by the side of the
murderer. We hang the one as we do the other.
We have expended much treasure and many lives
to suppress the traffic. Why do this, if slavery
is right? If we have been wrong in placing the
slave dealer by the side of the murderer, let us
retrace our steps!
There is yet another reason why slavery should
be excluded from the Territories. The South
have room enough for their slaves in the States
now open to slave labor. The population of the
slave States is but seven and a fraction to the
square mile, while that of the free States is four-
teen and a fraction.
Upon every principle, then, it is the bounden
duty of Congress to interpose its power to pre-
vent the introduction of this element of wrong
into our Territories. I believe that a demand so
reasonable and just will be insisted upon by the
North. It is true that, for the last thirty years,
the North has yielded everything that the inter-
ests of slavery demanded. Year after year, the
South has kept up this excitement by making
fresh demands, while we have retreated from one
position to another, until we are at length driven
to the wall. I believe that freedom should now
take possession of the Government, and adminis-
ter it in future in the interest of the great New
England idea—the fear of God and the love of lib-
erty.
But we are told now, as we have been many
times before, that to resist the extension of sla-
very will dissolve the Union. For myself, 1 have
no fears on this subject. If the South should
dissolve the Union, it would be of course to pre-
serve the institution of slavery. This would be
the sole and only cause.
And yet southern men must know that the
moment the Union is dissolved, that moment sla-
very " dies a death that knows no waking." Mr.
Underwood, a southern Senator, said, in 1848:
" I do not believe that the idea of preserving the institu-
tion of slavery by dissolving our Union has the least sound-
ness in it. On the contrary, the dissolution of the Union
would instantly emancipate all the intelligent active slaves
In the border MavelioUhng States. Prom Kentucky they
would eioss the Ohio river in droves, and on leachmj,' the
northern bank would beassafeas thev are when they reach
Canada. We should be lelt with Hie old and Helpless'to take
caic of, and the young to raise. The some tiling would oc-
cur in all the bolder States. Every one must see tliatsla-
veiy cannot exist, after the dissolution ofthe (Jnion, m those
Ktatcs bnidllli; upon dismembered States wlutli would not
deliver up fugitive slaves."
Mr. Chairman, we have heard much during this
session of Congress about the aggressions of th 
North. Have we no cause to complain of the
aggressions of the South? I assert that slavery,
tinder the load of modern Democracy , respects no
compromises. I point you to the Missouri com-
promise, demolished that slavery ttnght pour its
lava-tide of woes and crimes over lands it had, in
the most solemn manner, pledged to leave un-
touched forever. And, when it had laid its hand
upon this sacred compact, maddened at the pros-
pect of losing the stake, slavery sent its armed
men into Kansas, drove honest and peaceful sot-
tiers from their homes, burnt down their houses,
shot down unarmed travelers, drove legal voters
from the polls, themselves voting in t'heir stead,
fraudulentl y multiplying even that fraudulen t vo te;
and a Legislature thus chosen enacting a code,
which, for injustice and cruelty, for colu-blooded
atrocity, and diabolical wickcdncss, stands un-
surpassed by anything of the kind in the civilized
world !
But this wasnotcnough. Although nine tenths
of the people of Kansas were desirous of admis-
sion into the Union as a free State, we find this
Democratic, Administration persistently at work
to defeat their wishes, by forcing upon them, the
infamous Lecompton constitution—a constitution
tainted with fraud and stained with blood ! Yes,
sir, this Democratic Administration even stooped
to bribery to accomplish itsends. ltsaid to Kan-
sas: " If you will come into the Union as a slave
State, you shall be admitted with a population of
forty thousand; but if you choose to exclude sla-
very, you must stay out of the Union until you
have a population of ninety-three thousand."
The people of Kansas next endeavored -to get
rid of slavery through an act of the Territorial
Legislature elected by themselves. They passed
such a law, and, according to the principles laid
down in the Cincinnati platform, thov were regu-
lating their domestic institutions m their own way.
But a Democratic Governor, appointed by this
Democratic Administration, saw lit, and did in-
terpose his veto, thus seeking still further to thwart
the people of Kansas, and repudiating "popular
sovereignty," which elected Mr. Buchanan Presi-
dent. For being faithful to freedom, Governor
Reedcr was disgraced and removed from office;
for being true to the demands of slavery, Governor
Medary isglorified and allowed to retain his place.
" O, consistency, thou art indeed a jewel!"
When we reflect upon the wrojigs done towards
the free State men of Kansas, who resisted the
extension of slavery into their Territory, can our
southern friends wonder that we oppose its ex-
tension elsewhere? It is no part of my object to
wound the feelings of southern men, or speak dis-
respectfully of their section of the Union. The
system with which they are burdened involves a
most incalculable amount of evil, and entails a
measure of misery on the one hand, and guilt oil
the other, beyond the powers of language ts de-
scribe. The system is contrary to the principles
of justice, and is repugnant to the precepts of
Christianity. The people of the North ought not
to be vilified for opposing its extension. Can you
wonder that we are sometimes violent in its de-
nunciation, in view of the wrongs i#ias inflicted?
"The flesh will quiver where the pincers tear;
The blood will follow where Uie knife is driven!"
I desire to call attention to one other thing, and
I have done. During the present session of Con-
gress, a Democratic Senator [Mr. Brown] has in-
troduced into the Senate a bill entitled " An act to
punish offenses against slave property in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas.n This measure may notpass
theSenate at this session, since a presidential elec-
tion is at hand, and northern members of Congress
are afraid, just now, to "face the music;'' but let
the Democratic party succeed in the coming elec-
tion, and in my judgment a congressional slave
code for the Territories as surely follows as did
the Dred Scott decision the election of James
Buchanan !
I have read this bill of Senator Brown with
some curiosity, as it is the first congressional
slave code I have seen, and I hope every northern
man, and especially every northern "Democrat,
wiU read it. I want them to see what they must
subscribe to, if they expcct to remain in the Dem-
ocratic party after 1860. I wantmy constituents
to understand, that when the President says that
the slaveholder is entitled to have his slave pi op-
erty "protected in the Territories under the Fed-
eral Constitution," he means just what he says 1
I will call the attention of the House to the
eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth sections of Sen-
ator Brown's bill, which are as follows:
"Skc. II. Ifany person print, write, introduce into, pub-
lish, or circulate, or cause to be brought into, plinted, wi it-
ten, published, or circulated, 01 shall knowingly aid or asst&t
in bringing into, printing, publishing, or en diluting, within
the Terntory of Kansas, any book, paper, pamphlet, mag-
azine, handbill, or circular,containing any statements, argu-
ments, opinions, sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo,
calculated to produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious
disaflcetion among the slaves m the Territory of Kansas,
oi to induce such slaves to escape irom the service of their
masters, or to resist their authority, he shall be guilty of
felony, and be punished by imprisonment and hard Jaborfor
a term not less than five yeais, nor more than ten years.
'•See. 12. If any fice person, by speaking oi by writing,
assort or maintain that persons have not the right to hold
slaves in the Tciritory of Kansas, or shall mtioduce into
the said Territory, print, publish, write, circulate,or catisc
to be introduced into the said Territory, written, printed
published, or circulated in said Territory, any book, paper,
magazine, pamphlet, or circular, containing any denial of
the light of pei-sons to hold slaves in said Territory, such
persons shall be deemed guilty of felony, and punished by
impugnment athaid labor for a term not lc s than two
years, nor more than live years.
"Sec. 13. No person who is conscientiously opposed to
holding slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold
slaves, in the Terntory of Kansas, shall sit as a juror on
the trial of am the prosecution fur any violation of any of
the sections of this aqt "
Sir, under this law, any person would be guilty
of felony, and punished by imprisonment for a
term not less than five years, who should carry
into the Territory of Kansas the Declaration of
Independence, which contains the "statement"
that all men are creatcd equal, and are entitled to life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; or the ser-
mons of the pious John Wesley, who once said
that " slavery was the sum of all villainies;" or
the life of Patrick Henry, which contains the dec-
laration, "let us transmit to our descendants an
